 
 
November 19, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Compliance Department, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051,  
Maharashtra, India 
BSE Limited, 
Compliance Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001,  
Maharashtra, India 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject         : 
Transcript of the Earnings Call held with Analysts/Investors on November 11, 
2024 
 
Stock Code  :    BSE – 539787, NSE – HCG 
 
Reference    :    
 
Regulation 46(2)(oa) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
 
Please find attached herewith the Transcript of the Earnings Call held on November 11, 2024, with 
Analysts/Investors to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and six 
months ended September 30, 2024.  
 
This is also available on the website of the Company - https://www.hcgoncology.com/investor-
relations/  
 
Kindly take the intimation on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
  
For HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sunu Manuel 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited 
HCG Tower, # 8, P Kalinga Rao Road, Sampangi Rama Nagar, Bangalore - 560027. 
080 33669999 | info@hcgoncology.com | www.hcgoncology.com | CIN : L15200KA1998PLC023489 
 
HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited 
HCG Tower, # 8, P Kalinga Rao Road, Sampangi Rama Nagar, Bangalore - 560027. 
080 33669999 | info@hcgoncology.com | www.hcgoncology.com | CIN : L15200KA1998PLC023489 
 
SUNU 
MANUEL 
ABEY
Digitally signed by 
SUNU MANUEL ABEY 
Date: 2024.11.19 
12:27:56 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 11, 2024 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchanges on 11th November, 2024 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. B.S. AJAIKUMAR – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN –  
MR. RAJ GORE – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER –  
MS. RUBY RITOLIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –  
MR. ASHUTOSH KUMAR – VP – STRATEGIC PLANNING   
& CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT 
SGA, INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISOR  
 
 
 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on the date of this call. These statements do not guarantee the future performance 
of the company and it can involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. 
 
Now I hand over the conference to Dr. B. S. Ajai Kumar, Executive Chairman of Healthcare 
Global Enterprises Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
Good morning and welcome to our Q2 earnings conference call for HealthCare Global 
Enterprise Limited, today, I am joined by Mr. Raj Gore, CEO; Ms. Ruby Ritolia:, CFO; and 
senior management team, along with SGA, our Investor Relations Advisor. 
 
I am proud to announce a robust financial and operational performance for Q2 FY '25, a 
testament to the dedication and expertise of our exceptional capabilities, team of doctors and 
support staff. For over 2 decades, HCG has served as a beacon of hope for millions, establishing 
itself as one of the India's most trusted healthcare brands. It is because of our team's commitment 
that today, we manage one of the highest volumes of complex cancer cases across diverse 
geographies, consistently delivering excellence even in the most challenging cases. This strong 
performance for the quarter not only reflects our operational capabilities, but also the resilience 
and compassion that define HCG. 
 
At HCG, we recognize that cancer is complex and multifaceted disease with over 600 types 
identified, and each requiring a unique focused approach that diagnose and treat. Our models are 
based upon personalized patient-centric care, ensuring that each individual patient receives 
precise treatment tailored to their specific cancer type and stage. 
 
This involves leveraging specialized teams that includes organ and modality-specific oncologists 
who collaborate to deliver comprehensive multimodal care. We are also, in this regard, have 
become leaders in research and academics. And our R&D department is one of the most growth-
oriented department where we are seeing a number of people being published. In fact, recently 
at the conference in International Conference in Chicago, ours was the only Indian presentation 
at the podium presentation, and we are very proud of it. 
 
Our commitment extends beyond treatment with an end-to-end approach that includes lifelong, 
after-care support, recognizing that cancer management is a journey that requires continuous 
vigilance and care. HCG's integration of advanced technologies, genomics, artificial intelligence 
reflects our dedication to staying at the forefront of cancer research, ensuring that our patients 
benefit from the latest innovations and cancer care. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
In this regard, I'm again proud to announce that we have signed agreements with] TRUCAN in 
regard to working with them on fundamental biological research and also with Accenture where 
we are going to be doing computational work with them, which will help in identifying patients 
who require precise treatments. And based on that, we can bucket to see which patients requires 
the right treatment at what time. 
 
Lastly, our hub and spoke module plays a crucial role in extending specialized and advanced 
care across regions with central hubs providing expertise and support a network of satellite 
centers. This structure ensures that even patients in remote areas have access to top-tier cancer 
treatments, contributing significantly to our operational success and most important, is bringing 
out better outcomes for these patients. As you know, in the past, the outcome has been a big 
answer, and we are very proud to say, today, HCG's data clearly says in some of our outcomes, 
are equal or better than the global standards. 
 
In closing, our strong performance this quarter reflects HCG's commitment to excellence in 
cancer care. With a dedicated team, advanced technology and a focus on patient-centric 
treatment, we are well positioned to continue delivering high-quality care to patients across 
diverse regions. We remain committed to expanding our reach, enhancing our services and 
upholding the standards that have made HCG one of the most trusted names in healthcare. 
 
We look forward to building on this success for the years ahead. I would now like to hand over 
the call to Mr. Raj Gore, our CEO, who will provide insights into our strategies moving forward 
and share the operational performance of the quarter. Raj? 
Raj Gore: 
Thank you, Dr. Ajai. A very warm welcome to all the participants on the call. Today, I'm proud 
to announce that our performance for Q2 and H1 FY '25 has reached new heights, marking the 
best quarterly results in HCG's history and outperforming the industry growth. 
 
We have achieved revenue of INR553.5 crores for the quarter, reflecting a robust growth of 14% 
compared to the same period last year. Likewise, our revenues for H1 FY '25 have also increased 
by 14%, standing at INR1,079 crores compared to H1 FY '24. 
 
Our adjusted EBITDA crossed INR100 crores first time, reaching INR104.2 crores, witnessing 
a strong growth of 21% for the quarter on a year-on-year basis, and margins have shown 
significant improvement, reaching 18.8% in Q2 FY '25, compared to 17.8% in Q2 FY '24. 
 
Pro forma revenue growth, including Vizag acquisition, stands at 20%, with EBITDA margin of 
19%. This increase reflects higher revenue and cost efficiency with operating leverage positively 
impacting our performance. Additionally, we have focused on digital initiatives which have 
enhanced our operational efficiency and streamlined processes, contributing further to our 
margin growth. 
 
This growth is a result of our collective efforts, driven by focused commitment to delivering 
clinical outcomes that match the best institutions globally right here across India and not just 
metro, but also non-metro locations. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
The Oncology business has experienced impressive 20% growth after adjusting for the exited 
center in MSR, Bangalore last year. Revenue growth has been strong across all markets where 
HCG operates, reducing concentration risk and reinforcing our market leadership in 16 out of 
18 locations. 
 
The domestic business has performed strongly, more than offsetting a 17% decline in 
international revenue due to geopolitical challenges in a few markets, particularly in Bangladesh. 
We expect the situation to start normalizing by Q4 of the current fiscal year. 
 
Looking ahead, we have been working on several key strategies to accelerate and sustain growth 
of HCG. After several years of steady organic growth, HCG is now focusing on accelerating its 
expansion through strategic acquisitions. In the past year, the company has completed 2 
acquisitions, one in Indore and the other in Vizag, reinforcing our earlier stated position of 
adding 200 to 300 bps of growth through acquisitions. 
 
Alongside our growth initiatives through acquisition, we are prioritizing brownfield expansion 
across our network with significant focus on our key markets in Bangalore, Ahmedabad and 
Cuttack. We successfully operationalized our new state-of-the-art 200-bedded comprehensive 
cancer care center in Ahmedabad in second quarter. The transition has been smooth with 
minimum impact on our business. 
 
We are currently developing 2 state-of-the-art hospitals with a total of 125 beds in North 
Bangalore and Whitefield area in Bangalore. These facilities are expected to be fully operational 
by early FY '26. We plan to add 60 beds in Cuttack with the potential to expand to 100 beds in 
future. 
 
Construction is set to begin in the current financial year with operations expected to start by 
early FY '27. We aim to expand in our existing markets by operationalizing over 900 additional 
beds across the network within the next 3 years, including this year's additions. Of these, 350 
beds are fully invested, but not yet operational. 
 
Now let me share an exciting update on our digital transformation initiative that we embarked 
about 2 years ago. To recap, there were 2 primary objectives behind it. First, with around 20 
lakh reported new cancer patients diagnosed every year among the population of 142 crores, 
ours is a thinly dense widely fragmented target market. Taking advantage of increased Internet 
usage and evolving consumer behaviour, we want to make it easier for cancer patients across all 
India to find HCG care by creating online awareness and omnichannel access to quality care. 
This is a huge opportunity for HCG to move from being a network of current 18 physical micro 
markets to pan-India cancer network with a combination of physical and digital presence. 
 
Second, we don't treat cancer, we treat patients with cancer. Cancer patients' journey starts before 
HCG hospital and continues after HCG for rest of their lifetime. We want to stitch together an 
omnichannel, seamless journey and a relationship with our patients with the help of digital 
technology. The objective is to build a long-term relationship with our patients to be a trusted 
adviser over a lifetime and not just care provider at one point of time. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
We are pleased to share that our digital initiatives have significantly boosted our patient funnel, 
raising digital channel revenue to 14% of our overall revenue in quarter 2, up from 4% in Q2 of 
FY '23. By strengthening our patient acquisition capabilities through HCG-owned digital assets 
like websites, social media handles and online campaigns, we have been able to grow digital 
revenue 4.6x in metro and 6.3x in non-metro locations during this 2-year period. Our aim is to 
achieve 25% of revenue through digital platforms over the next 3 to 5 years. 
 
Lastly, on our imaging centers, we've been focused on boosting revenue from these centers. I'm 
pleased to share that our center in Kolkata has shown particularly strong performance of 66% 
growth in revenue. This growth has not only increased our margins, but also contributed to an 
overall revenue boost, helping us absorb fixed costs and drive operating leverage, which has 
positively impacted our margins. 
 
Our South Mumbai center has faced challenges due to the decline in international business due 
to geopolitical situation in key markets, though domestic business continues to grow. To offset 
this, the company is expanding into new domestic catchments. While international business is 
expected to recover by Q4 of fiscal year, we remain confident in the center's potential for a 
turnaround. 
 
Recent acquisition of MG Hospital in Vizag has been progressing in time with our plan, and we 
are rightly positioned to consolidate our presence in the region. As we look to the future, we 
remain focused on innovation, patient centered care and expanding our reach to bring hope and 
healing to more cancer patients. Together, we are not just building a stronger organization, but 
a brighter future for all those we serve. Thank you for your continued trust and support on this 
journey. 
 
With this, I hand it over to Ms. Ruby, our CFO, for financial highlights. 
Ruby Ritolia: 
Thank you, Raj, and good morning, everyone. As Raj already enumerated, I am pleased to report 
that our performance this quarter demonstrates strong momentum with a robust 14% year-on-
year growth, driving our top line to INR554 crores for the quarter ended -- for the second quarter 
ended FY '25. 
 
Excluding Milann, our HCG centers delivered an impressive 15% Y-o-Y revenue growth, fueled 
by consistent volumes increase across all modalities. Specifically HCG oncology centers, on a 
like-for-like basis, adjusting for a closure of M S Ramaiah Hospital, achieved an outstanding 
20% growth year-on-year. 
 
Our key operating metrics have also shown significant improvement this quarter. OPD footfalls, 
which are a vital indicator of volume growth and accounting for 18% of our revenue, increased 
by 9%. In Medical Oncology, we saw a 14% increase in chemotherapy sessions, reflecting the 
continued expansion of our patient base. Capacity utilization for our LINAC machine reached 
70%, up from 65% in the previous quarter, 3 machines currently being under replacement. 
Through our innovative pay-per-use model, we were well positioned to expand LINAC 
installation in new locations in the near future. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
 
Additionally, our patient bed occupancy rate remaining strong at 61%, underscoring our 
commitment to optimize facility utilization and improving patient access to care. 
 
Turning to our core operations, both our established and emerging centers have delivered strong 
performance this quarter. Our established centers continues to demonstrate steady growth with 
a 13% year-on-year revenue growth alongside a robust 20% growth in EBITDA. At the same 
time, our emerging centers have exhibited exceptional momentum, achieving a 32% increase in 
revenue for the quarter with EBITDA expanding fivefold. 
 
Notably, our Kolkata center has posted an impressive 66% revenue growth, while our Mumbai 
centers have collectively grown by 15%. We are also on track for our South Mumbai centers to 
breakeven this year. These markets are pivotal for us as they are located in Tier 1 cities with 
large catchment areas and are key hubs for international patients. 
 
The outstanding growth in our emerging centers is a result of multiple initiatives implemented 
across locations, which is further bolstered by operating leverage that is steadily enhancing our 
financial profile. We are confident in our ability to maintain this upward trajectory as our 
strategic initiative coupled with enhanced operational efficiencies, continuing to drive sustained 
growth and strengthen our overall financial performance. 
 
Coming to ARPOB. Total ARPOB grew by 7.4%, standing at INR45,188. Established centers 
witnessed an ARPOB growth of 7%, standing at INR43,394. And ARPOB for emerging centers 
witnessed a strong growth of 10%, standing at INR72,652. Capex spends for the quarter was 
INR52 crores, which includes the CyberKnife replacement in Bangalore. We expect the capex 
to be around INR250 crores to INR300 crores in FY '25. 
 
Other income for the quarter includes onetime insurance claim and EPCG settlement to the tune 
of INR6 crores. Our ETR for the quarter is at 25%, and this is on account of profit accruing in 
subsidiaries, thereby minimizing the tax credit losses that we have. 
 
This is the performance summary that we had to share. If you have any further questions, please 
let us know. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our first question is from the line of Sagar Tanna from Alchemie 
Ventures. Please go ahead.  
Sagar Tanna: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I think you've been delivering what you've been 
talking since the last few quarters. I have 2 questions. One is, what was our loss in Bombay 
Hospital in the first half? 
Raj Gore: 
Loss in terms of EBITDA? 
Sagar Tanna: 
Yes. 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
The Bombay Hospital, both put together posted a profit of INR 10 million in quarter 2 and INR 
25 Million for first half 
Sagar Tanna: 
Which is South Bombay and Borivali, right? 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. 
Sagar Tanna: 
No. Just the South Bombay hospital, what would be the total loss for the first half? 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
The South Bombay's first half would be close to about INR4.3 crores,  
Sagar Tanna: 
INR4 crores odd, right? Okay. Second thing you've also mentioned there is some slump sale or 
divestment of the business to our wholly-owned subsidiary. Can we explain this transaction and 
how it impacts and what is the rationale behind this? 
Ruby Ritolia: 
This transaction that we have mentioned as a resolution to the Board meeting has been on 
account of us looking at our Triesta and Cyclotron business, moving out of the HCG fold into a 
separate entity from where we can look at growing it beyond the HCG networks also. So this is 
more on account of business realignment where onco comes under one company and the 
expandable business, which we can look at expanding beyond our own network, which is the 
lab and the Cyclotron business can move to a separate entity. It also allows greater freedom with 
a separate entity structure. 
Sagar Tanna: 
So what all scope of activities will we undertake here? 
Ruby Ritolia: 
So largely, it will be the lab business and the Cyclotron. Lab business, which is under Triesta. 
Sagar Tanna: 
Got it. So it will be more like a stand-alone radiology, pathology lab kind of a business? Is my 
understanding correct? 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
No. I think the main reason is, as we know, diagnostics has become very important in any field, 
particularly oncology, with re-expanding into genomics and personalized treatment. What Ruby 
was trying to convey is, there is a scope for expansion beyond HCG. So it requires a focused 
approach, and that is why we decided to take this action. So it could grow as Triesta brand name. 
 
And similarly, the Cyclotron, which is a production of FDG, it's a production unit, which can 
produce FDG for non-HCG also. So these 2 areas have been brought together. Their growth has 
been good and they can continue to grow beyond HCG growth. That is the intention we have to 
see that it can grow. . 
Sagar Tanna: 
So currently, how many centers do we have? 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
You're talking about HCG centers? 
Sagar Tanna: 
No, these Triesta centers? 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
All of the Triesta centers are there wherever the hospital are, like 24  centers, we have Triesta 
centers all over. They're all attached to hospital. Now we are trying to see how we can bring in 
work from outside our HCG hospitals. That is the intention. 
Sagar Tanna: 
Got it. So it will not be like a stand-alone, and it will continue to be a part of a hospital network 
or part of the hospital infrastructure itself? Is my understanding... 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
At this time, that is the goal. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankush Mahajan from Axis Securities. 
Ankush Mahajan: 
So sir, this is once again that in the existing center, EBITDA is on sequential basis, is on the 
lower side. So the question that still arises that on existing centers, when would we will build a 
double-digit ROCE? I really appreciate, sir, if you throw more light on this side because 
continuously, we are focusing on this part, still existing centers are not making ROCE, and the 
EBITDA is continuously decreasing. So would you throw some more light on it, sir, that if you 
compare the ARPOB of the Max and Fortis, they are quite on the higher side. We are still at a -
- gap of ARPOB. That is a major reason. We want just your view on it, sir, that ROCE on the 
existing centers. 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
Ankush, this is a question on existing centers or emerging centers? Emerging centers, right? 
Ankush Mahajan: 
Emerging centers, emerging centers. 
Ankush Mahajan: 
No, no. Existing center. Existing centers are already... I am talking about existing centers, sir. 
This is more than 2 years now. 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
Look, just a clarification, sorry for repeating it. Is this question on emerging centers or existing 
centers? 
Ankush Mahajan: 
Emerging. Emerging centers, sir. 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
Yes. So there are 2 things here we need to look at it. One is, we have changed the definition of 
our emerging centers. Now only 3 centers are part of our emerging center, which is Mumbai, 2 
centers and Kolkata, 1 center. We have been reporting strong performance on Kolkata from last 
3, 4 quarters. 
 
As you see an impact at the current year, we are expecting to add almost about more than INR10 
crores of EBITDA in the current center. Last year, Kolkata Center delivered a negative growth 
of almost about 20%. This year, we are on an H1 annualized basis, it's a positive ROCE already. 
This ROCE in Kolkata Center, is expected to be in double digits or in high teens. So this is 
showing the path -- Kolkata is showing the path in terms of where the ROCE could be. 
 
There has been a dramatic change in terms of return profile of that center. So this is one market 
within the emerging center. So we are very hopeful with the progress the way we are making in 
Kolkata. 
 
The second one is, in Mumbai centers, we are progressing well as far as our Borivali center is 
concerned. We are generating decent ROCE there in single digits. We have our own challenge 
as far as South Mumbai is concerned. So in our entire portfolio, be it emerging or existing, we 
have 1 center which we need to turn around, which is South Mumbai. That center is also heavily 
invested with capex in terms of technology. 
 
There are 2  radiation machines, together, they account for almost about INR30 crores, INR35 
crores. So overall, we had made an investment of INR100 crores in South Mumbai. So this is 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
one center-specific issue, and we are very hopeful that as the Kolkata and Borivali center grows, 
our ROCE should pan out. We have our task in hand as far as South Mumbai is concerned, which 
we expect to turn around within a couple of quarters. 
Raj Gore: 
If I can address your ARPOB. 
Ankush Mahajan: 
Yes. 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
Yes, go ahead please. 
Ankush Mahajan: 
Sir, my question was, if we compare with the industry leaders, like Max and fortis, they have a 
higher ARPOB. So can we reach to these levels? What are the aspirations? 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. So as you know, historically, we've had a larger presence in Tier 2, Tier 3 markets. The 
centers that we have opened in the last 5 years are largely in Mumbai, Kolkata and better and 
bigger quality of markets like Nagpur andBaroda. We have moved from about INR35,000, 
INR36,000 ARPOB 2 years ago to INR45,000 ARPOB in the previous quarter. That's a blended 
ARPOB for the whole network. But if you look at our ARPOB in, let's say, Bangalore or 
Ahmedabad, it is in the mid 80s. If you look at our ARPOB in Mumbai, Kolkata, it's in higher 
60s or lower 70s. If you look at our ARPOB in Nagpur, Baroda, which are growing very well, 
they are in 50s. 
 
As these centers continue to grow and contribute higher percentage revenue share to the total 
revenue, our ARPOB will continue to improve in the north direction. So once again, we've made 
a very good progress on ARPOB in last 2 years. Our big market ARPOB is actually comparable 
or better than many other players. And as we grow, our ARPOB will start moving in the north 
direction. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Raj, you mentioned in your opening comments around your digital initiatives. I mean 2, 3 things. 
One is, a, can you just help us understand, the strategic importance of increasing digital sales in 
the business? And I mean, what kind of impact does it have on the profitability? I mean, is it a 
more profitable stream of business than the nondigital part of the business? And does it really 
contribute much to the metro part of the business or the non-metro part, if you can just probably 
throw some more light on these aspects. 
Raj Gore: 
So thank you for that question because this initiative is really important strategically for us, this 
initiative. As I mentioned in my commentary, we know from our experience that India as a 
cancer market is growing at a very high rate. The availability of comprehensive cancer care is 
skewed towards metro cities, and it is not available if you go even 50, 100 kilometers away from 
metros. 
 
Now we know that if there is any specialty where patients don't mind traveling large distance, 
it's cancer. Historically, we've seen, the public hospitals or trust hospitals, which were cancer-
focused, like Adyar Cancer Center, Kidwai cancer center, Rajiv Gandhi, Tata, have drawn 
patients from all across India. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
 
Now we see that HCG, as the dominant player in cancer, we should be able to tap into the entire 
Indian market. And the best way to reach out to these cancer patients and create awareness and 
make sure that we convert them into need is through their mobile phones or through their laptops. 
 
So therefore, I think what we are doing is currently, we are sum of our 18 micro markets, physical 
micro market with our digital initiative, with online presence and awareness, we have our ability 
to have a pan-India virtual and a physical market. We know that a consumer behavior is also 
evolving at a very rapid rate, where -- forget cancer, even to go to a restaurant to buy any product, 
to experience any service, we reach out to Internet and we do our background work. 
 
When it comes to life and death in cancer, patients are definitely going to exercise that option. 
That gives us an opportunity to get into their consideration set because after all, we are the largest 
player. And with online presence, it's easy to get into their consideration set. Once we get into 
their consideration set, what we have is the omnichannel platform, websites, social media 
campaigns, social media handles, call center. 
 
With a newly implemented CRM center and a digitized call center, we have the ability to convert 
every query, every lead in few clicks to our OPD consultation chamber of our oncologists. And 
then we have a longitudinal visibility from an initial interest leading to OPD consultation to 
diagnostic, to treatment, to post successful treatment, follow up in 3 months, 6 months, for rest 
of their lifetime through our CRM capability. 
 
So in many ways, it's not necessarily a digital transformation, it's actually a transformation of 
our relationship with patients from a episodal relationship to a lifelong, trusted adviser 
relationship, that gives us ability to be there for cancer patients and meet all their needs before 
hospitalization, post hospitalization, and give us the ability to nudge them to come back after 
post successful treatment for follow up, so we can ensure that cancer hasn't come back. And 
unfortunately, if it comes back, we have the ability to detect in time, which is a key to delivering 
better outcomes and bring them back for treatment again. 
 
So it's a very strategically important initiative. As I mentioned, we usually make a mistake of 
associating Internet usage to metro cities. What we have seen is some of the markets, we have 
very good response in nonmetro markets. Our metro markets have grown 4x. Our nonmetro 
markets have grown more than 6x. 
 
Now what we are doing is adding vernacular capability in our call centers, website, social media, 
YouTube channels, which, I feel, will give us even a deeper penetration in Tier 2, Tier 3 markets 
where there is a dearth of cancer treatment options and therefore, gives us the ability to bring 
them to our physical locations. 
 
So that's our overall strategy for digital. We have grown to about 14% in just 2 years from a 3%, 
4% of our total revenue coming from digitally influenced footfalls. We are very confident, in 
the next 3 years, we can take it to 25%. Today, digital revenue is our second largest hospital if I 
look at that. And we feel, going forward, that will continue to be our largest hospital in terms of 
patient footfalls. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
Just to add to Raj, your other question was on profitability from patients sold through digital 
means. The primary difference, as far as the profitability is concerned between digital and 
nondigital sourced patient lies in the cost of acquisition of the patient. 
 
So as you would know that we have 2 sources of the patient,  one is B2B. B2B is primary to our 
network particular in doctors, where our costs somewhere lies close to about 6% to 7%. In 
comparison to that, the digitally-driven patients, the cost of acquisition of those patients are in 
the range of 1.5%. 
 
Within digital channel, I mean, there are 2 primary sources. One is organically sourced patients 
and second is digital campaign-led patients. Our cost of acquisition of patients through digital 
campaign-led is a little higher compared to our organically sourced patients. 
 
What we have seen over the last 3 to 4 quarters is that the source -- I mean the patient volumes 
for our organic channels are increasing compared to a campaign-led channel. So as we move 
forward, this 1%, 1.5% also is expected to go down in future. So we're very open in terms of -- 
since it is a very highly profitable channel of our business, as it grows, that should also add to 
our overall margin. 
Raj Gore: 
Thank you, Ashu. And there is one more point. If you look at industry after industry, the 
disruption has happened into digital technologies in customer acquisition front. We've seen e-
commerce platforms doing backward integration and acquiring brick-and-mortar businesses. 
This is our way to go forward. We have the strongest network of brick-and-mortar hospitals. 
This is our way to move forward and create a virtual channel and own the relationship with 
cancer patients directly without any middle person. Whether anyone refers them or not to us, we 
want to have that ability to create awareness and get into their consideration and own the 
relationship directly with our cancer patients throughout their lifetime. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
I joined a little late, so if it's been asked, just pardon me. So just on the MG Hospital acquisition, 
they have about 30% share. I think you also have a reasonable amount of share. So I just want 
to understand from a micro market of Vizag perspective. And when I look at some of the  growth 
estimate, I don't know why it's fiscal '24 E for -- in your Slide 29, but growth has been 5%, 6% 
only for this particular hospital. 
 
So how should we look at growth for this, once we get it acquired into our system? Do you think 
there are scope for improving the growth? and the margins, when I look at it, I know you've 
talked about it in the past as well, but they're sliding down. So anything that you think we need 
to do differently for this acquisition? 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. So Shyam, thank you for that question. This is a new question this time. However, we 
addressed some of your concerns in our previous calls on MG acquisition, but I will again 
explain. We have had a presence in Vizag from 2017, '18. We have a 17% market share. #1 
player has been MG with more than 30% market share. We felt that Vizag is a top 10 GDP 
growing city market in India. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
 
So it's an important location for a state of Andhra Pradesh with port, airport connectivity and 
focus on industrial growth. We felt that we had a perfect opportunity to consolidate our market 
share in this city and state where we already have a larger presence. 
 
Now coming to your question of MG growth, what we have observed is there are 2, 3 levers that 
we have available. One, we have identified the way to add about 25 beds in these centers, that 
will ensure growth. 
 
We will -- on the other hand, in our own center, add about 30 to 35 beds this year and another 
30 to 35 beds in the coming 2 years. So between these 2 setups, we will be able to add about 60 
to almost 90 beds in next 2 to 3 years. That will ensure that both businesses and our market share 
in Vizag continues to grow. 
 
We have identified synergy levers on the revenue side. Both hospitals have independent, deeper 
penetration in terms of your go-to-market capability, referral network. Both hospitals have very 
strong capabilities on clinical side, but there are complementary capabilities that we can spread 
over both centers rather than just one center to drive better utilization of our medical equipment 
and clinical program and get better productivity on our sales and marketing machinery. I think 
as a combination of that, we are confident that we'll continue to grow both businesses and 
combine the business in this market going forward. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Sir, when you look at debottlenecking, like you said, when you are trying to add these, what is 
our current AOR? Or I know it's less relevant for oncology, but I just want to understand, is that 
-- what is the current AOR at MG? 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. So I think MG would be about 70%-75%. And that is probably the reason why it's been 
stagnating or slowing down in last previous years, and that's what we are debottlenecking going 
forward. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Yes. Just the second question on the overall company. If you could exclude MG, I just want to 
understand how should we look at like overall growth for the remainder of the second half top 
line? And what could happen to margins? If you could give us some directional sense, please. 
Raj Gore: 
Yes, as I said, we have -- in H1, grown at a 14%. Our oncology business has grown at 20%. If 
we adjust the exit from MSR Bangalore Hospital, which was there last year. So I think we are 
outpacing the industry growth. We'll continue to move -- maintain that momentum in Q3 and 
Q4. We are very confident. 
 
As you know, –in both quarters, Q1 and Q2, we've had about 100, 110 bps margin expansion. 
We will continue to move forward on our margin expansion journey. And before you joined, we 
shared that we feel that we will -- today, if you look at a pro forma basis, we are 19% EBITDA 
without MG, we are about 18.8% adjusted EBITDA. We will continue to go forward on our 
margin expansion and will inch towards 20% by Q4. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Darak from RSPN Ventures. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Yash Darak: 
With respect to other income, INR5 crores of other income came to be a one-off. So are we 
expecting the other income to run down a bit during the year? Or is it going in the same range? 
Ruby Ritolia: 
This onetime is only for this quarter. We reported a PAT of about INR18.2 crores, INR18.3 
crores, and which, if we were to adjust for these onetime, would go to about INR15.3 crores, 
INR15.4 crores. However, as we know that in quarter 3 and quarter 4, we get a better operating 
leverage and margin expansion happens. That would also flow to the PAT. So this onetime 
expenses were one time. These will not continue. 
Yash Darak: 
Okay. And can you give an ETR guidance for the full year? Are we expecting to pay more tax 
in Q3 and Q4? 
Ruby Ritolia: 
So ETR, we will be around in the range of about 28% or so. We should be below that. So we'll 
continue with a better ETR percentage. For the first time, we hit 25% this quarter, which was on 
account of largely our subsidiaries turning into profit and thus we, not losing our tax credits over 
there. We hopefully want to continue for the rest of the year also, it should not go beyond 28%. 
Yash Darak: 
So in the Ahmedabad facility, is it completely operationalized? Or are you expecting it to ramp 
up slowly? 
Raj Gore: 
No. So did I hear the name correctly, Ahmedabad? 
Yash Darak: 
Yes, yes. 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. So just to recap, what we've done in Ahmedabad is we had about 100-bedded facility, –
region where we have a dominant market share. While we continue to grow, the capacity was a 
bottleneck. In the last quarter, we moved to a newly built to our spec modern premium facility, 
which is 200 bedded. We have moved from our old facility to the new facility. That transition 
happened in Q2. with this additional capacity we will continue to ramp that facility going 
forward, which will give us an ability to grow at a higher rate going forward. 
Yash Darak: 
Just a last question. The total capex for the year is around INR300 crores. By now, how much 
have we already incurred? And the average cost of debt. 
Ruby Ritolia: 
In quarter 1, we incurred about INR80 crores, and current quarter, we incurred about INR50 
crores. So about INR130 crores, we have already incurred. 
Yash Darak: 
And the average cost per bed ? 
Raj Gore: 
the capex  is an amalgamation of your maintenance capex as well as growth capex. So it's 
difficult to give you an average per bed because it's a mix of both. 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
And. Just to add for the newly -- new beds which we are adding, we have separately disclosed 
in our presentation for Ahmedabad and North Bangalore. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Priyank Parekh from Abakkus Asset Managers LLP. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Priyank Parekh: 
Just wanted a clarification on the number of beds that we would be having third quarter onwards. 
So currently, we have 1,809 beds. So next quarter, we will be operationalizing, I mean, 
consolidating Vizag 100 beds. And I think 100 beds from Ahmedabad. So is it fair to understand 
that we'll be having close to 2,000 beds in the next quarter onwards? Operational beds? 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
So as far as the patient beds are concerned, we have included in quarter 2, of the 200 beds, we 
have operationalized about 118 beds in Ahmedabad. We may be adding may be 15, 20 more 
beds in terms of operationalizing them. But more than that, we are not operationalizing. So as 
the volume grows, we will continue to operationalize more beds. In the next 2 quarters, we may 
be adding only about 20, 25 more beds and addition of MG Vizag beds. 
Priyank Parekh: 
Okay. So 1,900, 30, 50 kind of beds. 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
Yes. 
Priyank Parekh: 
Okay. Understood. And, sir, on pre-Ind AS EBITDA level, what should be the right figure to 
date for FY '25? 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
Is that pre-Ind AS question? What was that, sorry? 
Priyank Parekh: 
Yes, pre-Ind AS... 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
You're not audible clearly. 
Priyank Parekh: 
Sir, now am I audible? 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
Yes. 
Priyank Parekh: 
Yes. Sir, you say that we'll be inching towards 20% post-Ind AS EBITDA for this year. What 
should be the pre-Ind AS number corresponding to that? 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
We have a rental cost of about INR25 -26 crores per quarter to be adjusted. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Dhruv Shah from Dalal & Broacha. 
Dhruv Shah: 
Sir, my first question is with your focused strategy on expanding through inorganic acquisition 
of brownfield. So approximately, what kind of size of these acquisition are you looking at, say, 
in terms of value and, say, in terms of bed capacity? And what is the payback period that you're 
expecting from it? 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
So typically, the stand-alone cancer centers which becomes our targets are in the range of 80 to 
100 beds. And the acquisition price is in the range of 10x to 12x of the EBITDA of the operating 
hospitals. And our payback period for these acquired hospitals is in the range of 6 to 8 years, 
depending on whether it is our strategic value or financial value. 
Dhruv Shah: 
And are you looking at new geographies? Or are you looking to expand in the current 
geographies only? 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
I think I think our expansion policy, as what we have taken as a call, is to do in the current 
geography as much as possible. We are, as you know, in the Bangalore, we are in Gujarat as 
well as in Maharashtra area as well as in and around Kolkata. So initially, we want to expand 
existing center around that areas. We also have a plan of developing oncology outpatient clinics. 
That is our goal right now to expand in existing areas, more or less. Ashutosh, do you want to 
add anything? 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
No, no. 
Moderator: 
Dhruv, does that answer your question? 
Dhruv Shah: 
Yes, yes, yes. Just one more question. So currently, close to 2,000 beds we have. So by FY '26 
and FY '27, what kind of bed capacity should we look at, including both your... 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
I just want to say, I know before Raj will also say a few things on this. As we know, oncology 
is more and more becoming outpatient. Always, it has been and it is trending towards more. Our 
average length of stay actually is below 2 days. So when we look at it, our focus will be more 
on footfalls, outpatient care on that. So unlike a regular multi-specialty hospital, once you look 
at the oncology center, as total in terms of what is the exact number of footfall of patients. And 
that is what we'll be focusing on. But naturally, the bed strength will increase, but more focus is 
on the football.  
Ashutosh Kumar: 
just to add to what Dr. Ajai said that it is very evident from the average length of stay within our 
hospitals going down, that is becoming more and more outpatient. And on the expansion beds 
also, we have a decent number of day care beds and not all inpatient beds. 
 
Just to reiterate what Raj said earlier in his speech, is that in the next 3 years, we are going to 
operationalize incremental 900 beds, including the beds which we have added in Ahmedabad. 
Of the 900 beds, we have already invested in 350 beds. The incremental 550 beds is what we'll 
be investing in the next 3 years. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Nitish Rege from ChrysCapital. 
Nitish Rege: 
So as you mentioned earlier on the call that we've moved locations in Ahmedabad. So -- and this 
will involve shifting of large equipment. So can you quantify how much of this onetime expense 
have you incurred for this? 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
So yes, we have done this. And I think broadly, we have been very meticulous in terms of 
transitioning our equipment. I think the one-time cost is in the range of INR1 -INR1.5 crores of 
primarily shifting the medical equipment, the large -- the bigger equipment, LINAC and 
PET/CT. This is a range of onetime cost which we have incurred. 
Nitish Rege: 
Okay. And also, is there any impact of severe rains on LINAC being down during the quarter? 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
Actually, the LINAC is not going to be that much down because one of the LINACs is 
functioning in the existing center, which is outside the purview of where we are exiting. That's 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
a separate center. Bunker is there. And so that will absorb most of the patients -- have already 
absorbed. So there has been very little downtime in this. 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
Only around 20, 25 patients, we have been treating less. We transferred all the patients to other 
machine tomotherapy. But given that capacity limitation of tomotherapy, we could take 20, 25 
less per month. Some impact was there. 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
Actually, we put them on wait list and observed all of them. 
Raj Gore: 
That's right. Going back to your question, there was some rain disturbances in Gujarat region 
during last quarter. And when it comes to LINAC, we have upgraded our LINAC in Bangalore, 
one LINAC and one CyberKnife during the last quarter. They are fully operational by end of 
quarter. So now we have upgraded CyberKnife and LINAC in our Bangalore hospitals. 
Nitish Rege: 
Okay. Sorry, could you quantify the impact, please? 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
So in terms of revenue, I think broadly about INR 2.5 crores revenue impact would be there in 
the quarter  
And the EBITDA impact, I mean, radiation typically is our high margin business. The EBITDA impact would be in the range 
of about 70% -- 70%, 75% after revenue impact. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Nancy Yadav from Allegro Capital Advisors. 
Nancy Yadav: 
I wanted to understand the capex place for the previous half year that has gone by. If you could 
tell me the total amount has been used for what all? 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
As Ruby mentioned, around INR54 crores of capex has been spent in quarter 2. Of that, INR18 
crores of capex has gone towards the growth capex. And we made a large replacement in our 
Bangalore center, as Raj mentioned. We replaced our CyberKnife at Bangalore center. That cost 
us about INR25 crores. So INR25 crores plus INR18 crores is the major spend, which is INR43 
crores, the remaining are all maintenance capex. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, that was our last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Raj Gore: 
So once again, thank you for joining us and showing your  interest and encouragement to HCG. 
We are really happy to announce the results. We're very confident that we're going to maintain 
our momentum going forward and continue to grow the business profitably going forward. 
Thank you once again, and wish you good luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited, that concludes this conference. 
We thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
