 
 
Karnataka Bank Ltd.     
                                                                                                                                 Your Family Bank, Across India 
 
                                               Regd. & Head Office 
Phone  : 0824-2228184 
                              P. B. No.599, Mahaveera Circle      
E-Mail 
: comsec@ktkbank.com 
                                                              Kankanady    
Website : www.karnatakabank.com 
                                              Mangaluru – 575 002  
CIN 
: L85110KA1924PLC001128                                                             
SECRETARIAL DEPARTMENT 
30.10.2024 
HO:SEC:197:2024-25 
 
To: 
 The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E),  Mumbai-400051 
Scrip Code: KTKBANK 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai-400001 
Scrip Code: 532652 
 
Madam/Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q2/H1FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Clause 15(b) of Para A of Part A of Schedule III and 
Regulation 46 (2) (oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we attach herewith the transcript of the post results 
analysts/institutional investors conference call held on October 23, 2024, on the 
unaudited Standalone & Consolidated financial results of the Bank for the quarter and 
half year ended September 30, 2024. 
The same is also made available on the Bank’s website under the following web link: 
https://karnatakabank.com/investors/quarterly-results  
This is for your kind information and dissemination. 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
Sham K 
Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer 
 
Sham 
Kanathila
Digitally signed by 
Sham Kanathila 
Date: 2024.10.30 
19:59:45 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 36 
 
 
 
 
Edited Transcript of 
“Karnataka Bank Limited  
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
held on October 23, 2024 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SRIKRISHNAN H – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – KARNATAKA BANK 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SEKHAR RAO – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
KARNATAKA BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. ABHISHEK SANKAR BAGCHI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – KARNATAKA BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. VINAYA BHAT – CHIEF COMPLIANCE OFFICER – 
KARNATAKA BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. RAGHURAM H S – CHIEF RISK OFFICER – 
KARNATAKA BANK LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 36 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q2 H1 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Karnataka Bank. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Srikrishnan H, MD and CEO 
from Karnataka Bank. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Srikrishnan H: 
Thank you, Adell, and good evening, everyone. Warm welcome to our 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Call. On behalf of Karnataka Bank, I'm Srikrishnan, 
MD and CEO. I have with me here Mr. Sekhar Rao, Executive Director; 
Mr. Abhishek Sankar Bagchi, who is our CFO; Mr. Vinaya Bhat P J, 
who is our Chief Compliance Officer; and Mr. Raghuram H S, who is 
our Chief Risk Officer. So in addition to that, we have a couple of other 
executives who are from the Investor Relationship team. Greetings for 
the festive season and wish you all and your families a very happy 
Diwali in advance. The bank has ensured that we are fully prepared for 
to capitalize on the opportunities that are coming up due to the festive 
season during the second half of this year. 
As I mentioned during the previous earnings call, the bank has been 
undergoing major restructuring and transformation process. So during 
the quarter, a couple of updates. We have brought in a new leadership 
for Head of Retail, MSME, SME, Agri assets, that is Mr. Sreenivas 
Mylavarapu, a Head of Liabilities plus Third-Party Sales to focus on the 
business growth, that is Mr. Venkateswarlu Mallineni. Both of them 
come with very rich experience in banking as well as sales experience. 
And besides this, we also brought in a new Head of Retail Collection, 
Mr. Ramasubramanian B, to ensure that maintenance of our portfolio 
health on the retail side. With these additions, I wish to also confirm that 
all the senior restructuring and the leadership is now in place. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 36 
 
 
We have the Karnataka Bank veteran leaders who are also participating 
very actively and whole-hearted in our transformation journey. The 
major transformation processes that are underway are credit 
transformation, a national back-office, where we have made substantial 
progress by centralizing clearing, and we will also centralize treasury 
operations in a couple of weeks. 
And we have created the sales and the product organization, both for 
retail assets, mid-corporate and corporate business and also the retail 
deposits and CASA accretion, and we do have them attached to various 
locations. We are, as you are aware, in 22 states and 2 union territories, 
and more of the regions are covered. 
 
So all these sections are rapidly progressing, and we really hope to see 
some benefits in the same during the upcoming quarters. To support this 
growth, we also have enhanced our tech infra and operational capability. 
All the enhancements are in place, and we have done some major 
enhancements both in terms of our storage, processing, and also a lot of 
other functional features in our overall tech stack. 
 
We have seen some improvements and a significant improvement in the 
book quality, which will improve even further as we go into the future 
quarters. During this Q2, we have taken a conscious decision to focus 
on portfolio quality over growth. And during Q2 FY25, we will continue 
to maintain that focus on critical parameters. 
 
Basically, we define our Bank's performance on growth in advances, 
deposits, improvement in quality of advances book, profitability and 
NIM, and favourable ROE and ROA. These are the critical metrics that 
we will be working towards. In the past few quarters, we have been 
focusing on growth, but we took a pause during this quarter to focus on 
quality as well as profitable growth. 
 
And we believe that the numbers are speaking for itself based on this 
strategy, which is a short term, but we will accelerate the rest of the other 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 36 
 
 
defined parameters and metrics as we go forward because all the 
engines, which is related to the retail business, the corporate business 
and so on, have all started kicking in. I'll be talking about it as part of 
the commentary. 
 
Overall, aggregate business, the business turnover of the bank stood at 
INR175,284 crores, up 12% on a year-on-year basis against INR156,468 
crores in September '23, the corresponding quarter last year. On the 
profit after tax, for Q2 FY '25, the current quarter, it was INR336.07 
crores as against INR330.26 crores in the corresponding quarter 
previous year. The PAT for the half year stood at INR736.4 crores 
versus INR700.96 crores as part of H1 of the last year, an increase of 
about 5%. The same was INR400.33 crores –for the previous quarter 
that had a onetime IT refund and interest refund of INR81 crores, so 
which effectively means that from INR320-odd crores, we have moved 
to about INR336 crores this quarter on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
 
Due to the accounting policy changes, I think, we called it out the last 
time also, on investments Available for Sale, the AFS portfolio, we have 
classified effective April 1st, there is a credit line in our AFS reserve and 
the opening revenue reserve to the extent of about INR106 crores and 
also about INR24 crores, respectively. Had the Bank continued the 
earlier accounting policy, the income on investment and the other 
income, which would have been higher, the profit before tax would have 
been higher by about approximately INR71 crores. 
 
But that is something that is possible to really recognize only if there is 
a sale in the securities that we are holding in AFS book, and this is 
something, which is common across all the banks due to the revised RBI 
regulation. But this, on a comparative basis, previous year and 
corresponding quarter, there is a difference, and which is why I'm also 
stating this number. 
As far as the gross advances book, the total of the advances remained at 
INR75,316 crores as of September '24, and this reflects a year-on-year 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 36 
 
 
growth of about 12.5%. The industry growth for the same corresponding 
year-on-year was about 13%, so we are very much in the same trajectory 
as far as the industry is concerned on the gross advances. 
Our overall strategy was to grow retail, agri and mid-market RAM, and 
where the growth has been led by retail housing and gold loan for us, 
with a net book accretion of about INR3,691 crores on a year-on-year 
basis in this segment. 
 
The bank has also committed earlier that we will reduce our exposure to 
large mid-corporates that were opportunistic to deploy for short-term 
better yields than our treasury deployment. The bank also took a 
conscious vision in this quarter, not to go for this low-yield bulk PSU 
advances, which would have locked us up for a couple of years at a very 
low rate. And because of the interest rate and outlook, which has been 
there in the next few quarters, we didn't want to get committed, which is 
also one of the reasons that the advances book has not grown. 
 
But in terms of quality and the churn, this is something that we have 
ensured during this quarter also. With our new heads of businesses for 
Retail and Corporate that I had mentioned earlier and their respective 
regional structures are also in place now. The focus on acquisitions from 
these segments will increase going forward. On a year-on-year basis, 
retail advances have grown by 12.2%, and this is something which is 
very good from our perspective because the yield is also something 
going forward will be beneficial for us. 
 
So let me move to the aggregate deposits. The deposit number stands at 
INR99,967.99 crores, reflecting a year-on-year growth of 11.66% over 
September '23. And the industry growth, again here, among scheduled 
commercial banks is about 12%. So we are very much in line with 
industry growth. Our CASA deposits stood at about 30.82%, up 28 bps 
from the 30.54% in June '24, but lower than the last year. And I don't 
have to really elaborate much on the industry phenomenon, which is 
happening on CASA or liabilities. The CASA, as an overall deposit of 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 36 
 
 
scheduled commercial bank, has declined about 43.66% in March '22 to 
39% in March '24. 
 
So even during the Q4 of the last year, as per published numbers, the 
CASA dipped by about 271 bps, that's 2.71%, and this trend has also 
continued in September. Liquidity reasons and other banks offering high 
lucrative rates for 1-year short term, the deposits that were reflecting a 
lower number as, again, confirmed by the Reserve Bank of India 
statistics and various news that have been coming out on this subject. 
 
There is a flight that is moving away from CASA into term deposits and 
into other instruments outside of banking system as well. But we believe 
that our bank is well positioned for Q3 because of the agricultural 
harvest season and the expectation of RBI easing up on rates, and we 
expect that the CASA will continue as far as our growth is concerned. 
 
During the quarter, we shifted the growth to the CASA book and retail 
deposits to replace lower-yielding bulk deposits. As a policy, we do not 
bid for much of this higher bulk deposits at very, very low rates, and the 
market was not really rational at some point of time we felt because it 
just did not suit our book. So which is why probably you're not seeing 
growth in the book, but in terms of quality, we have improved because 
there is a substantial reduction in the overall bulk deposit as a 
percentage. 
 
So I wish to confirm to you that 92% of our liability book comprises of 
retail liabilities, and only about 8% is in the form of bulk deposits and 
these are also our card rates or favourable rates. We have not been really 
chasing deposits based on very high rates as far as the market is 
concerned. 
 
Going forward, we have a set of new products that are being launched 
in this quarter and the next quarter. I'll be calling out because most of 
these are focused on liabilities and increase in deposits and also in retail 
loans. A couple of examples. We are launching KBL Genius, which is a 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 36 
 
 
student savings account, KBL Peak, which is an education loan, a 
premium savings account, a merchant payment app, which will be QR 
code-based, and also enhancing our Mobile Plus and Mobile One 
applications for preapproved personal loans and also launching for 
specific medical equipment loans and a wealth management advisory 
platform, which will be integrated with our app in terms of the access 
and functional features. 
 
In the last quarter of this year, we would be launching a supply chain 
financing program; exclusive women savings account; flexi recurring 
deposit, RD scheme; and also a family banking program, whereby all of 
the family members will be part of one group account, and we will be 
offering basically benefits across the family members as one unit. And 
last but not the least, we are also working towards developing a MSME 
super app, which will basically capture the life cycle of our MSME 
customers right from the Udyam registration and renewals and GST and 
their entire working capital cycle as well as the payment of taxes and so 
on. 
 
So basically, what we are trying to do is to provide digital access to this 
community, which is huge for our Bank and will definitely act as a 
center of growth for the Bank in terms of the overall asset and also the 
promoters business from their personal relationships. 
 
The NII for H1 FY '25 was INR1,736.92 crores. It was up 6.1% on a 
year-on-year in comparison. The NIM, we have clocked at 3.38% for 
the half year. There has been a dip in Q2. But overall, we still have done 
better and we are still within the guidance for 3.4% to 3.6%, and we are 
about 3.38%. There was a minor reduction, but we will definitely make 
it up as we increase our retail advances acquisition and also direct-to-
customer acquisition on the corporate book. The loan yield with the 
strategies being under control, NPA is coming under control. The Bank 
is definitely increasing the focus on loan yields and improve overall 
profitability. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 36 
 
 
 
Bulk opportunistic advances will be replaced by direct-to-corporate 
advances and retail advances and we will still show a growth in the book, 
but also a churn in the book, which will be more swinging towards the 
higher yielding advances. This is something, which we believe that the 
necessary infrastructure, the people, the technology, products and 
benchmarking in terms of turnaround times have all been done and we 
are ready to go on this. Likewise, a combination of these various 
products between Q2 and Q3 into high-yielding segments, such as 
mortgage, vehicle loans and education loans, etc. We definitely expect 
that the overall yield will improve progressively over the next quarters. 
 
Our CD ratio is still at 75.34%, continuously improving every quarter, 
but we still have a headroom there and we believe that our ambition to 
grow the overall advances book with our capital and our CD ratio and 
our deposit acquisition engine, which will definitely show much better 
results as we go forward, we believe that we still have a lot of headroom 
here. On the standard assets, this is one area where we'll be very proud 
this quarter because the gross NPA significantly improved from 3.54% 
to 3.21%. 
 
And this is something that we had committed in the last few quarters to 
say that we will come closer to 3%. And I think we are well on track as 
far as this is concerned. Just for reference, the same was 3.47% in 
September 23. So this again reflects that over the last 1 year, we've been 
moving very well. 
 
On the net NPA similarly, there is a significant improvement to 1.46%, 
down 20 bps from 1.66% as of the last quarter and about 1.36% as of 
last year, September '23. So this again reflects and well on target for our 
commitment that we will move this closer to the 1% range in the 
following quarters. And I believe that with our significant recovery and 
reduction, not much of additions into our overall NPA book, we believe 
that we are on the right track. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 36 
 
 
This has been achieved because the gross slippages has come down 
drastically, and we are at 0.33% in Q2 as against 0.59% in Q1 and as 
against 0.52% in Q2 of last year. For the 6 months ended September '24, 
the half year H1, the capex ratio stands at 0.94% as against 1.03% in 6 
months. Here again, this has been fully through recoveries for the 
quarter. 
 
Excluding the upgraded accounts, we have had a recovery of about 
INR148.01 crores versus INR133.12 crores in Q1 and as against 
INR117.82 crores in Q2. There is also some more good news on the 
standard restructured advances. Without related accounts, the 
restructured book has come down to INR1,051.86 crores compared to 
INR1,160.94 crores as of 30th June and as against INR1,338.78 crores 
as of 31st March, '24. 
 
So, the significant metric that we actually measure is a combination and 
this is published in our investor PPT also, where we normally combine 
the gross NPA plus restructured book as a percentage of our gross 
advances. And I'm actually happy to report that as of September '24, our 
percentage has come down to 4.89% as against 5.39% in the previous 
quarter and as against 6.78% in the previous year the same quarter. 
 
So as a result of this, our PCR, which is including technical write-off, 
has crossed 80%, and as against 78% in June, and it was a little higher 
last year, but, of course, post that we have had a lot of events that 
happened, including the expiry of the COVID moratorium period, etc. 
So, the entire restructured book has now completed its term as far as the 
COVID 1 and COVID 2 regulations are concerned. 
 
Our LCR, as all of you are aware, Reserve Bank of India, based on a 
study that they had done across all banks, and because of certain, I would 
say, inconsistencies that they had observed among many banks, they 
have come out with a revised draft guideline, which actually is to be 
implemented only from April of next year. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 36 
 
 
 
But as a conservative mechanism, we, at Karnataka Bank, have tested 
the LCR based on the revised guidelines. So even after the revised 
guidelines as of September 30th, we stand at 143.93% on the LCR, 
which is very comfortable and as against the statutory target of 100%. 
As far as the cost of funds is concerned, despite the market volatility, we 
have remained stable at 5.58%, and it was the same number almost for 
the Q1. And cost of funds for the entire half year was about 5.58%. And 
comparing to the half year last year, it was 5.29%. So overall, because 
of our strategy not to chase high-cost deposits, we have been extremely 
guarded on that, and we believe that it remained stable. 
 
There is one other good part, which we need to report, which is credit 
cost. Our credit cost for the Q2 was at 0.09%, which is actually the 
lowest that we have had so far compared to 0.11% in the previous 
quarter and as against 0.17% in the quarter 2 of last year. The total credit 
cost for the half year stood at 0.2%. That's like 0.11% plus the 0.09% 
that I talked about. This continued reduction was a result of significant 
lower slippages, and we believe that the same trend will continue as we 
go forward. 
 
One of the areas of concern for us is the cost to income. We have 
incurred extra as far as elevated onetime costs in technology, some 
lateral recruitments and also increased provision for superannuation 
benefits because of the fact that the rates have moved -- the rates have 
decreased as far as the superannuation benefits of our staff, the actuarial 
calculations. 
 
Based on all this, there is an increase. But we believe that we will be 
able to control this through rationalization of costs, through also increase 
in income and making sure that we are back to the mid-50s and then, of 
course, reducing it to closer to 50 in the following quarters. Our 
commitment earlier also was that we will commit to bring it down to 
about closer to 50% by the end of this year. I think we might take a little 
1 or 2 more quarters more. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 36 
 
 
 
But all the cost rationalization exercises initiated across the bank to 
negotiate with all the vendors and rentals, and IT, non-IT expenses and 
also not consciously going in for some expenses going forward. We 
believe that we are on the right track as far as our overall earnings is 
concerned. Because of this, the ROA has come to about 1.13% for Q2 
as against 1.19% in March FY 24. Our guidance has been 1.2%. I think 
that we will get back to the 1.2% to 1.25% in the following quarters, and 
we have reasons to support this. 
 
The ROE has dipped to 11.63% compared to the earlier quarters. And 
this, again, is because of the additional equity that we had raised, which 
all of you are aware. Our CRAR, without the half yearly profit being 
folded into the results, stands at 17.58%. If we add that it would be more 
than 18.5%. So we are very comfortable both on Tier 1 and Tier 2 and 
in comparison to the last quarter, we were at 17.64%, so which is not 
much of a change at all. And as of last year, of course, it was much 
lower. And because of the capital raise that we completed between 
September 2023 to March 2024 we have been quite all right on this front. 
 
So on this note, I would like to end our commentary from our side, and 
I would request Adell to go ahead and for calls. I would like to also 
mention that we try to answer all the questions. And incase that there are 
some questions that we might need some time, we will respond by mail. 
And I have my Investor Relations team, comprising of Mr. Soham and 
the E&Y team to get back to you. 
 
So over to you, Adell, for the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Agastya Dave from CAO Capital. 
Agastya Dave: 
I must congratulate you for your work on the NPA side. It seems pretty 
promising. Sir, I have two questions, both of them related to this third 
slide that you have added in your presentation today. You have 
mentioned certain corrections in the low-yield bulk deposits, PSU 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 36 
 
 
advances, and also on the high-cost deposit side. So the first question is, 
can you quantify what was the impact of this entire exercise? Is it over 
completely? Or will we see impact in the coming quarter as well? 
 
And the second question, again, related to the same statement in the 
same slide. You've mentioned that we are going through a transitory 
period, which I understand, sir. Can you put a particular timeline on 
when do we see improvements incremental improvements happening in 
the NIMs on the growth side? And when do you see the retail engine 
firing restfully for you? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: Thank you, Mr. Dave. Both are relevant questions. So one is that in the 
last three to four quarters, we have been growing the book on account 
of the opportunity that we had because we did have very low CD ratios 
in the past. And we had excess liquidity that we were deploying into 
treasury. So as a first step, as a strategy, and this is very tactical, we had 
moved to clearly line of credits and also some kind of a short-term credit 
loans to PSUs. And a couple of other large corporates, which were 
yielding and more or less on EBLR range, EBLR plus something. And 
this was not long term also. 
 
So this was short-term deployed because our earnings, we had to take 
care. And that is a process that is getting replaced by one retail growth. 
So the last quarter, our retail net accretion was about INR1,250 crores. 
And this quarter also, we have clocked more than INR1,300 crores. Now 
with our DSA structure in place, corporate DSA structure in place, we 
would be in a better way where we will be able to increase this run rate. 
And in the following two quarters, we believe that we will be much 
higher than the current run rate, so that is one. 
 
The second part is that we have recruited in the last quarter itself, a new 
Head of Corporate and Wholesale Banking business, where we were not 
really pitching for relationship-based banking for corporates. And this is 
something where we have now got a zonal structure, where we are 
covering all the four regions. And through this national leadership, we 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 36 
 
 
are able to pitch not just for loans, but also some products, which are 
essentially some liability-based products like payroll processing or 
something related to non-funded business or Forex and trade finance 
business. 
So this cross-sell penetration, plus the lending side, would have much 
better yield as far as the bank is concerned because not only the rates are 
favourable, but also the fact that we get other business to increase our 
other income. So this is a process whereby we do have a pipeline, which 
is healthy. And as much as we grow the retail, a similar number would 
come from the midsized corporate and the large corporate business, 
which is direct to corporate business. So what we are doing is basically 
the large corporate business, which was at an EBLR plus very minimal 
higher premium that we used to add for this large PSU advances, etc, we 
are replacing. And this will be a gradual process, which will take at least 
the next three to four quarters, but it will start reflecting in from Q3 
onwards. That is one. 
 
The second question is that the NIM, would it have an impact? Yes, it 
will have an impact because if, for a moment, I say that between the 
retail book and our mid-corporate and large corporate book, direct-to-
corporate lending, if you are able to grow the business by about 
INR4,000 crores to INR5,000 crores every quarter, then that amount 
would actually fetch on a book size of INR75,000 crores, and you can 
do the math there, where there will be a yield kicker of at least about 70 
to 90 bps. And if that happens, then our overall NIM will have a positive 
impact. 
 
And this is a strategy that we had articulated in the last quarter and the 
previous quarter, but it has taken time for us, and we will ensure that we 
are executing this without any loss in focus. And we believe that in the 
next about three to four quarters, this will start yielding better results for 
us with our focus on RAM, our NII will go. But again, I don't have to 
tell you that this is all a journey, and this journey has something that we 
have now started in the last about 1.5 years. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 36 
 
 
 
We have now got all the senior management, the new and the old, 
everyone into one unit, and we got them in place. We now have the 
operations and technology capacity. We now have the processes on 
turnaround times as well as credit process, evaluations, etc., are done on 
a very, very rigorous basis with very stricter turnaround, TATs. And last 
but not the least, there are very clear products and new technologies that 
we have been putting into place, including CRMs, etc. So all of this will 
start yielding results, both in the retail as well as in the corporate side of 
the business. 
 
So I hope I've answered your question, Mr. Dave. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Yash Dantewadia from Dante Equity. 
Yash Dantewadia: 
Yes, I just have a couple of questions, especially regarding why is the 
employee cost up INR30 crores quarter-on-quarter; and other expenses, 
INR20 crores quarter-on-quarter. The employee cost is up quite 
significantly. Could you explain, is it a one-off? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: So there are -- between the last quarter and this quarter, let me explain, 
and including in March. So in March, again, this is a residual effect, but 
it will taper off as we go forward. In March, as you are aware, the IBA 
settlement that happened, where almost like, I would say, 85% of our 
staff are covered by IBA scales. And whereby the IBA revised the old 
pay scales to about 17%. And we had arrears, and we had a provision 
earlier made for 15%, and this was made to 17% in the final settlement. 
And we had made that also between the December and March quarters, 
and we have completed the payment in April. 
 
However, in March of this year, which is the year-end, we had to do an 
actuarial calculation because there will leave encashment, pension. And 
a couple of other benefits where the changes happened as far as the 
overall process in terms of the structure due to the IBA settlement. Also, 
salary increase and also the pension fund. So as a result of all this, we 
had to make INR162 crores provision on our total employee expenses 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 36 
 
 
as of March. Now thereafter, the superannuation benefits, we need to do 
a quarter-on-quarter actuarial valuation. And as of June, the actuarial 
valuation was INR34 crores. But as of September, it is INR57 crores. So 
the difference is about INR23 crores. 
 
In addition to that, we have also, as you are aware, done some lateral 
recruitments and which is also the other reason. So there is about INR10 
crores or so increase as far as our overall salary wages is concerned. So 
overall, on the establishment, I would say, that there is an increase of 
approximately give-or-take about INR30 crores. INR319 crores has 
become INR349 crores. And we believe that it will stabilize at this level. 
And if interest rates are favourable as we go forward and not much of 
volatility, the actuarial valuation, any reversals, etc., will not happen. So 
that gives you a fair sense of what we are doing as far as our employee 
costs are concerned. 
Yash Dantewadia: 
And also the other expenses, are we putting in new branches? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: Yes, we are doing that. It's not as if we are expanding by the dozen. But 
yes, over the last 2 quarters, we have added about 10-odd branches 
including some shifting of branches. And also, we have set up a national 
back-office in Mangalore. We have also centenary building, which is in 
Mangalore. So the depreciation and the maintenance, etc., have gone up. 
But all this will yield results because we've just shifted our national 
clearing into Mangalore. 
 
We are shifting our treasury back office as the next step, and our treasury 
BCP from Mumbai into Mangalore. So Mangalore will become the 
national back-office for other areas also as we go forward. So as of now, 
also, centralized account opening, what we are doing is that we are 
decluttering our branches and moving a lot of operational processes 
from branches into the centralized site, so that the branches can focus on 
sales and service. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 36 
 
 
Yash Dantewadia: 
Right. Also, one more -- last question. Based on the loan book, would 
you be able to share the unsecured and secured mix? And are you able 
to -- are you making a change to your guidance? You've, I think, guided 
for advances growth of close to 18%. So could you revise that? And also 
the unsecured, secured mix? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: The unsecured and secured mix has always been 90% fully 
collateralized book for us, and that continues. There is no change to that. 
The balance 10% also has been more to large corporate PSU, etc. So 
technically, we do not have any unsecured retail exposure per se, other 
than some co-lending and a couple of other arrangements that we have. 
But there, the total book has not even crossed about INR200 crores to 
INR250 crores. So I don't think that anything significant is there as far 
as our unsecured is concerned. 
Yash Dantewadia: 
So agri is gold-backed? Most of it is what you're saying? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: Agri is gold and land-backed, both. We do have both. 
Yash Dantewadia: 
So 90% of your book is secured, right? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: Yes. 90% includes the agri book, which is also secured because we 
either have commodity as an asset collateral or whether it is land from 
the agriculturists or it is gold, one of the three. 
Yash Dantewadia: 
Right. And the advances, please? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: On the advances, what was your question, Yash? 
Yash Dantewadia: 
I'm saying you've guided for 18% gross advances growth. Are you going 
to revise that downward? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: So I think we will grow probably about, in the next 2 quarters, at about 
15%, and then grow to the 18% because this is the transitionary phase 
where we were growing with some bulk advances in the past, but the 
bulk has come down drastically. And obviously, we are now doing this 
midsize corporate, where the ticket size is about INR30 crores to INR40 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 36 
 
 
crores, and then large corporate, which is about INR200 crores to 
INR250 crores, etc., but all supported by other products, and the retail 
book. So there will be a 50-50 mix, which will continue. 
 
So overall, what it would mean is that we will be, let's say, if the market 
is growing at about 12%, 13%, we will definitely be ahead of the market 
by the year-end, despite this more or less flat position as of this quarter. 
But the earlier quarters and the earlier year, we grew at about 18% to 
19%, so we will definitely be ahead of the market, but may not be 18%, 
19%, but anywhere, let's say, between 15% to 18%. 
Yash Dantewadia: 
15% to 18%. And also I just want to understand one last thing from you. 
On the gross advances front, you said 90% of the book is secured. Just 
confirming that MSME, that includes your entire book, right? Your total 
book? You're telling me that 90% of the book is secured assets? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: Yes, sir. Other than the ones, which are NBFC lending, which is about 
18% of our overall book. So the NBFC book is through corporate 
guarantees and collaterals from the company's receivables.  
Yash Dantewadia: 
So what rating are these NBFCs? Like what is the rating? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: All, AAA, top-notch. And also a couple of them who are AA. 
Yash Dantewadia: 
None of these new fintech companies -- sort of companies, right? Just 
want to confirm that. 
Srikrishnan Sarma: No. We do not have them. 
Yash Dantewadia: 
Perfect. I just come in line. I just want the ROE guidance, but I come in 
line. 
Srikrishnan Sarma: Thank you. Yash. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from 
Kapoor & Co. Please go ahead. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 36 
 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Firstly, sir, on the cost-to-income part, we are at 58% for this quarter. 
So taking into account this transition period, which you have articulated, 
where are we going to settle in terms of the H2? And what's our longer-
term outlook on the same? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: See, fundamentally, Mr. Kapoor, we have made some investments in 
technology, and these are elevated costs, which have been done because 
of the investment. So basically, we have increased our processing 
capacity. We have increased our storage capacity and so on to cater to 
growth. So this is an upfront investment that we have done. That is one. 
 
The second is actuarial costs. As I was mentioning to the previous caller, 
you might have heard that, is an amount of almost like INR21 crores. So 
based on this, our overall cost structure has increased right now. And of 
course, the third part, which I also alluded to earlier, about a couple of 
senior recruitment that we have done. And I wish to confirm that all 
investment in technology have been done completely. Everything 
related to lateral leadership hiring is completed. 
 
And also, we believe that we will flatten this curve and we will not grow 
from here. Our cost to income will come down, moderate itself in the 
next 2 quarters. And it is not by only the denominator, but also on 
account of rationalization of costs, which will happen and also making 
sure that there are vendor renegotiations on rentals or IT, non-IT, all 
kinds of costs. So all services costs, etc. 
 
And also, we believe that there are a lot of operational efficiencies that 
we'll be bringing in because of this centralization efforts. And all this is 
like work in progress so which is where there is a temporary 
transitionary period where there would be a reversal to the curve, but 
we'll get back to the curve that we want, both on cost and the revenues 
in due course. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So sir, this bracket of 52 to 55 would be there for the H2 or we will hover 
around 58% as for cost-to-income? 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 36 
 
 
Srikrishnan Sarma: For H2, we would come back to about 55 odd. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. Sir, when we compare our numbers, the September quarter last 
year with the current, we need to take into account this INR71 crores 
AFS part. So that should be deducted from the operating profit. That is 
what you articulated in the Slide 6 about? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: Yes. Compared to the last year, the profit for the quarter would be higher 
by INR71 crores, but you are aware that in our mark-to-market it is a 
comparative number in the previous month where the previous month, 
MTM gets reversed and then the new MTM comes. So it's a function of 
the rate. So as we speak to you for this quarter and for our current book 
that we have, which is the AFS book, if the old policy which was 
allowed to RBI prior to April where we could show this in P&L was 
allowed, our profit would have been higher by INR71 crores. 
Saket Kapoor: 
A small point, sir. When you were speaking about this gross advances 
growing by now lower teens rather than 18%, if you could give us some 
color on how the economic activities are currently shaping up, since our 
focus is more towards seeing RAM part, so are we seeing spreads or 
lower demand from the vertical where we are focusing? 
 
And also on the mid and the large corporate, what is our thought process 
of increasing the loan book going ahead? I think so now a lot of stress 
from the corporate part is already out of the system. And every bank is 
pursuing RAM as their incremental portfolio. So what's the thought 
process on these two understanding, sir? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: So I'll just tell you that we are 100 year old bank and we have 
relationships that transcends across generations. So, obviously, we have 
had some relationships with this sector, which is the RAM sector, 
MSME or even SME sector who have been with us right from the time 
we started business and now the second and third-generation are banking 
with us and with the increase in business. So there is a lot of loyalty as 
far as the bank is concerned. That's one. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 36 
 
 
 
The second is that our overall focus, while which is on RAM, it is for 
selected markets that we are strong in. So take Karnataka. Karnataka 
itself we have over 575 branches among  out of our 931. But actually, 
we are in every economic center in 22 states. So which means that we 
have not been able to capture the cash flows and the vendor flows, etc 
for all these SMEs and MSMEs and corporations, etc which is there we 
believe that our supply chain program, which we are launching will 
come in handy. 
 
So we would definitely use the strength, one on technology and our 
physical network of branches in order to make sure that we actually do 
this from an overall value chain perspective rather than doing it on a 
standalone lending or a deposit relationship. The last part is that our 
overall growth trajectory, I've mentioned to you that we'll be growing 
our advances book by about 15% to 18%.  
But the good part is that a major portion of this will come from retail 
and from direct-to-corporate advances where the yield will be higher. So 
as far as the overall economy is concerned, I do not think that there are 
any major shocks. I think the country is recalibrating itself. The RBI 
guidance is also quite positive. Unsecured and NBFCs you know the 
story and we are not in that space. And we believe that we will not have 
any shocks as far as that is concerned. 
 
So our focus is on retail and direct to corporate and moving away from 
the large PSU corporates which were not so yielding, but better than 
treasury deployment which was a short-term strategy. Now we are 
shifting the gears as far as that is concerned. And it takes time for this 
churn to be completed, but we are actually in the middle of that churn 
right now. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you for the reply. What do you mean by direct to corporate 
lending? If you could explain, you have also mentioned the slide that 
8% to 10% of the overall advances would be replaced by direct to 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 36 
 
 
corporate lending and at a higher yield. So if you could explain the 
terminology, sir. 
Srikrishnan Sarma: So just as an example, I'll tell you we had surplus liquidity in the last 
year. We have deployed it in the interbank participation certification and 
we have a total of about INR4,000 crores that was deployed last year. 
Now that is like where we have bought some paper, but having said that, 
today, we will be able to grow the same INR4,000 crores by directly 
lending to the underlying corporate who is part of that paper, rather than 
having to go to another banks. So do we have stalled that entire 
INR4,000 crores book and we are not going to grow that book anymore.  
But we will now start the growth with lending directly to our own new 
relationship which has the new labels, new to bank customers on the 
corporate side and the mid-corporate side. That is what we were talking 
when we said that. We'll be doing direct to corporate relationships. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right sir. Thank you and all the best to the team sir and my festive 
greetings for shubh Deepavali. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prabal from Ambit 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Prabal: 
Am I audible? 
Management: 
Yes, Prabal. Good evening.  
Prabal: 
Good evening sir and thank you for the opportunity and also thank you 
for giving detailed disclosures in the presentation. So my first question 
was in the GNPL breakup that is there in the presentation, the other 
component seems to be increasing quarter-after-quarter. What exactly is 
this other? And what explains the rise?  
Srikrishnan Sarma: Prabal. Just a minute please.  
Prabal: 
Meanwhile, should I ask my next question? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: Please do that, we'll meanwhile pull the number related to that go on. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 36 
 
 
Prabal: 
So we have seen a pretty sharp drop in slippages that was somewhere 
INR420 crores to INR240 crores. What has driven this? Any particular 
segment or is it more about our efforts? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: Very, very focused effort. We have recovery team which has been 
deployed into action, a collection team. And also making sure that there 
is senior management focus. At my level, we meet with the restructure 
team. We have got SPOC at every region, and we've got other people at 
every cluster. So as a result, we get on calls on a fortnightly basis as a 
cadence. So both the restructured book as well as our overall NPA has 
come down due to this higher recoveries.  
And also, the last part is the monitoring, the credit monitoring 
mechanism that we have stepped up now due to our credit 
transformation process. So that is something which we believe that is 
yielding immediate results. Which will probably reflect in the numbers 
going forward also. So as I said, we focus a lot on quality this quarter 
because of the market conditions. And we believe that we have really 
done well there.  
Sekar Rao: 
There is primarily one account. Other is just something that does not fit 
into any of the standard nomenclature. So, it is one or two accounts that 
have slipped in this particular category. So, it is not a consistent kind of 
reflection of how others is performing. So it's one LRD account and one 
on the pharma kind of sector, so which has contributed to this increase. 
Srikrishnan Sarma: Why don't we give you the breakdown on this later, Prabal? 
Prabal Gandhi: 
Sure, sir. Sir, a follow-up question to the second part was, how do you 
see the slippages going ahead? This quarter, it was INR240 crores. How 
should we think about that with all these efforts in place? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: So, there are two parts to our recovery, which you are aware. One is the 
recovery from technical write-off. So, the technical write-off recovery 
this quarter was INR32 crores. Our target was higher. So, there are some 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 36 
 
 
recoveries which are under progress, which basically got shifted from 
Q2 to Q3. 
So, we believe that the technical write-off amount, which is recovery 
from two accounts, will be much higher than what we have today. And 
currently it's about INR32 crores for this quarter. And the regular NPA 
recoveries, we have recovered a total of about INR148 crores this 
quarter, as I mentioned to you, and which we believe that will continue 
the same way. 
And the reason is that on the restructure, where the slippages are coming 
down, most of this have actually come back to, I would say, normal 
standard. And the reason being that the moratorium period, which was 
allowed expired as you are aware, in July and August. So as a result, 
most of the engagement that we have had with our customer sets, the 
standard accounts conversion is happening, which is reflecting in the 
overall number because there was more than INR110 crores reduction 
on the restructuring book from INR1,161 to INR1,052-odd. So that is 
also the other phenomena which is  so net slippages (or credit cost) target 
will be about 0.5% for the entire year. 
Prabal Gandhi: 
0.5%? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: 0.5% is the annualized for the entire year. 
Prabal Gandhi: 
Sir, my third question was on the balance sheet. The other assets seems 
to be quite large. Is that limiting your ability to increase CD ratio? That 
others could be the RIDF deposits that you would have kept with 
NABARD? But is that limiting your ability to increase CD ratio? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: We had the RIDF calls, which were all on account of the previous years 
really because the previous year, we had this subsector somewhere it 
was not met. The numbers are reducing. The second part is that we have 
some old RIDF also maturing this next half year to the tune of almost 
about INR2,000-plus crores. And we believe that with 74% CD ratio, 
even now we are at 75.34%, but we believe that there is a lot of 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 24 of 36 
 
 
headroom. So there is no limiting factor as far as our overall ability to 
let them grow the book is concerned. 
Just to add to what Sekhar is prompting is that as of September 30, we 
had lent to the market despite this about INR4,000 crores from treasury, 
including our non-SLR securities. The reason being that, we did not 
choose to deploy into corporate assets that were low yielding. So we did 
not want to get committed there. So it's a very conscious call the bank 
took. 
Prabal Gandhi: 
Got it. And this RIDF of INR2,000 crores, they mature in, by March of 
2025, would that be accretive to your margins because your loans will 
be better than your RIDFs? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: So there will be a yield opportunity there also because what we earn on 
RIDF is much lower as you are aware. 
Prabal Gandhi: 
Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sushil Choksey from Indus Equity 
Advisors. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Congratulations to Bharat Ka Karnataka Bank on a stable result. I may 
be sounding a little critical, but can you explain that growth has not 
happened between Q1 and Q2 in advances maybe because we have 
withdrawn our facilities to PSU and low-yielding corporate advances? 
But at the same time, you have deployed in IBPC, Interbank and various 
things. So those rates are reasonable. So why has the NII dropped by 
INR70 crores first is that. And secondly, how much of CD we have 
raised in this quarter? What we have on our books right now? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: So Sushil, just to kind of clarify there, the IBPC exposures, the bank had 
taken not in the previous quarter, it was much ahead like as much as last 
year. And because last year, we had surplus liquidity in the bank, which 
we could not find assets and which was deployed. And from then on, as 
you're aware, IBPCs are for 6 months tenure. So, we have been renewing 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 25 of 36 
 
 
that. We are not increasing the overall IBPC for this quarter, which we 
took up to INR 4,000 crore, and then we are staying at the same level. 
That is one. 
The second part is that the churn that I talked about is that, this quarter, 
we have not grown, but then there is obviously, you're aware that in the 
retail book of 36 months tenure, there is a one third which gets repaid 
every year. So as a result, on a month-on-month basis, there are 
repayments. 
The second is that for gold loan, the tenure is one year. So which means 
that it gets repaid over 12 months in terms of EMIs or whatever ways. 
So despite that, the net accretion of our retail book has been about 
INR1,300 crores for this quarter. So we chosen not to do this because 
we deployed our excess liquidity into the market through treasury rather 
than having to get into a corporate asset, which is this PSU, etc. which 
was all at interest rate of ranging between 6.9 and 6.95, etc. and where 
we could have got stuck in a market where it is widely expected that the 
rates will come down. 
So, despite the reset option that we have, there will always be a lag. So, 
which is why we took a conscious call that is one. The second part is 
that you talked about the CD ratio. The CD ratio part is comfortable for 
us and even going up to 80 is something that is a possibility because 
liquidity is not an issue. But it is just that we wanted to be very sure on 
the assets that we deploy and the positioning that we wanted to take for 
the next, let's say, foreseeable quarters and half years. So which is why 
the bank took a conscious call not to kind of grow over profitability or 
quality. So that is, I think, a quick summary of what we did. 
Sushil Choksey: 
My question is more pertaining to our operating revenue was INR4,178 
crores in '23, INR4,618 crores in '24. The current year run rate is visible 
that we should be getting somewhere in the vicinity of INR4,600 crores 
at max. And the second question is, you would have received all 
payments from large corporates on day one, and the deployment in retail 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 26 of 36 
 
 
and others takes time. So the strategy change would have costed the bank 
a little bit for the quarter, that is the general assumption I should take? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: So what happened, is that as you are aware that when there's some 
uncertainty in the market as far as the interest rate is concerned, then the 
bank takes a conservative step, and this is exactly what we have done. 
So yes, you're right that our interest income has come more or less at the 
same level or probably INR30 crores here or there. And that is because 
we have remained stable. And our loan yield also we have maintained 
at the same level. So it is, again, compared to the previous quarter at 
9.52, 9.55, so that is something which is the same. And our cost of funds 
also remains the same. 
All that we are saying is that there is a conscious strategy basis this, and 
our overall income on our expenditure now is stabilizing and we want 
to make sure that the same thing remains with the growth, that 
opportunity that we are sitting on in the next two quarters and 
foreseeably future quarters thereafter, whereby we will be able to 
increase profitably and also making sure that our deployment is to higher 
yielding assets, which has been our focus. 
So Mr. Giridhar Rajaram, who's our Corporate Business Head, and 
between Mr. Srinivas who is our Retail Business Head-Assets, they have 
a pipeline, which definitely is very healthy. And we believe that our 
numbers will get achieved, but more profitably rather than the 6.9% and 
7% loans, that we were deploying in the past. 
Sushil Choksey: 
My next question is the transformation and aspiration with Karnataka 
Bank has showcased the world in the last 12 to 24 months. It's a very 
wonderful experience in terms of what we have rolled out. I'm sure 
initial cost is borne. When do we see the result of this in this next second 
half? Or we'll see it from next year in terms of 75% to 80% of the target 
what we are seeing. I'm not saying 100% would be achieved in 6 months 
or not? 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 27 of 36 
 
 
Srikrishnan Sarma: So this transformation is a journey. It is not something which is like start 
and stop, start and end. So basically, what we have done is the following: 
one, the bank did not deploy their liquidity to its fullest extent. So from 
our mid-60s CD ratio, we have moved towards 75. And then the 75 can 
go up to 80. Secondly, the liabilities are not growing. Earlier, it was 
growing at about single digits. And now we have doubled it, and we're 
growing at double digits and more than the market or equivalent to the 
market on the liability front. Third CASA, we are maintaining and will 
continue to grow. 
As a result, our deployment opportunities are also high. The second is 
that within the bank, the deployment, as you know, immediately, we had 
done this, which is like to deploy in the short term immediately yielding 
assets better than treasury. But I would say the rate differential was 
hardly some about 50 to 70 bps, but still it was good, but from that level, 
now we are increasing it to the next level which is basically where our 
yield will be more like closer to 9% on those kind of corporate assets, 
etc, but with same security or not kind of reflecting on anything related 
to quality and also there is other income through them. 
 
So basically, this is a very conscious strategy. To play this out, it will 
take the next two quarters to stabilize. And then the growth engine 
whereby quarter-on-quarter, we will see this. But the current running 
rate that we have is about between these two segments about let's say, 
closer to INR3,000-odd crores. 
 
How do we make that INR3,000 crore to INR4,000 crore? How do you 
make that INR4,000 crore to INR6,000 crore is the next kind of stage 
of, I would say, developmental activity which we need to do because as 
we increase coverage feeds as we increase our capacity which is credit 
processing capacity, technology capacity, operational capacity, etc, we 
will be able to do. That is that precise transformation journey that we are 
undertaking. And we believe that the results will start showing up in the 
following quarters this year itself, but actually to mature and fully blown 
higher run rate bank would happen in the next financial year onwards. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 28 of 36 
 
 
Sushil Choksey: 
Second thing is we have technically written off book of about INR3,000 
crores including total asset write-off. What kind of recovery are we 
seeing in current 6 months? And what percentage are we hopeful in the 
next 18 months? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: In the last two quarters, we made INR46 crores and INR32 crores. So 
approximately, we are at INR78 crores. And we believe that we would 
be about, let's say, another 100-odd crores, which will come in for this 
year also -- this rest of the year. So that means that we would see -- we 
would recover about INR170 crores to INR175 crores in all for the year. 
Sushil Choksey: 
What is the pool left as on today in the balance sheet? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: INR3,000-odd crores I think, but less than so INR3,000-plus crores – 
fully provided for or almost 80% to 90% provided for. I am being 
corrected here so they are saying 100% provided.  
Sushil Choksey: 
Yes. So we have INR3,000 crores and you're hopeful of recovery at 
40%, 50%? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: We'll step it up now, but the current outlook is that we would recover at 
least closer to INR175 crores from that book for the year. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Second thing is global yield might have been... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt sir. Please rejoin the queue for further questions. 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Harshvardhan Agrawal 
from Bandhan AMC. Please go ahead. 
Harshvardhan Agrawal: 
Sir, just on the guidance of slippages you mentioned 50 basis 
points. So I wanted to check if you are talking about gross slippage or 
net slippage? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: Gross slippage. 
Harshvardhan Agrawal: 
So sir just doing the math our first half slippage is already 
INR660 crores which is anyways even if our book remain where it is 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 29 of 36 
 
 
more than 50 basis points. So how is that on a gross basis we do have 50 
basis points for the full year? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: So what has happened is that one, that there is this restructured assets 
which we started with INR4,500-odd crores which has come down to 
about INR1,051 crores without related accounts as of now. So, 
obviously, the last residual on that which is something where these are 
very granular kind of loans. So we believe that as we kind of engage 
with them, post this moratorium period ending, we believe that there will 
be some kind of slippages there. So that is why we have provided for 
this 0.5 compared to the 0.09 and 11.11% for the first two quarters. So 
we believe that this 0.5 is conservative, but still I think very doable. So 
that is the first point. 
 
The second point is that we have deployed very clearly some teams to 
focus on this net NPA because of this new collection head coming in for 
again loans lesser than INR50 lakhs, etc because that requires a lot of 
collection mechanism to be put in place. So we believe that portion will 
also start kicking in now because currently the larger tickets are what is 
being chased by the bank for this recovery and which is where the 
recovery is happening both in terms of the technical write-off book as 
well as regular book NPA. 
 
So we believe that within that NPA book, through deployment of this 
external collection agencies, etc which will be more applicable to the 
retail side, we believe that we could see some kind of healthy recoveries 
there. So that, I think, is a quick commentary on the overall slippages. 
Harshvardhan Agrawal: 
Sir, what I basically understand is when we talk about gross 
slippages and when you talk about 50 basis points for the full year 
guidance we are taking into account the recoveries or upgrades that we 
may have during the year, is that correct? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: Yes, correct. Absolutely. Even this quarter also, there have been some 
upgrades, but very minimal. So just to let you know I will tell you the 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 30 of 36 
 
 
upgrades that have happened for the  how much is upgrade for this year? 
Additions were around like INR242 crores that have happened, but then 
we have also done the reduction through this INR329 crores. So the total 
was INR163 crores plus and technical write-off all put together during 
the quarter. So we have a breakup which we can share it with you. 
Harshvardhan Agrawal: 
Yes. Got it. My question is answered.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priyank Chheda from 
Vallum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Yes, hi sir. Congratulations for the steady quarter. Just again, clarifying 
on the quarter-on-quarter 30 bps decline in the NIMs is what you 
mentioned is a INR4,000 crores of a book which was excess liquidity 
which you deployed in the treasury. And because it was an AFS book 
and you couldn't report that INR70 crores of income, otherwise it would 
have been higher by INR70 crores. Is that understanding right? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: So let me just clarify that. One is that we had a onetime refund of IT and 
the interest on that, which was INR81 crores for the first quarter which 
I had already mentioned during last earning call. So that is an 
opportunity which was onetime and which will not happen again. The 
second part is that the INR4,000 crores that I was telling you is that 
between a surplus liquidity and non-SLR liquidity that we had, we have 
deployed that into treasury yield rather than having to deploy them into 
corporate assets.  
And that is a conscious call that the bank took where even if the treasury 
yield was a little lesser, but still we would have actually made more as 
far as the longer-term is concerned. The last part is that if we had taken 
the treasury income for this year which is the H1, both quarters put 
together because MTMs on treasury as you know is the latest position. 
It is not by quarter. So I'm saying it for the H1. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 31 of 36 
 
 
 
Last year, we could recognize that into P&L, but had we considered the 
same accounting policy, which is not allowed by RBI anymore, that 
would have been INR71 crores. So that is an addition that we have. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Perfect. That got answered. My question is on sir outlook on the fee 
income part knowing that you have been building up a team. How should 
we look over a longer period of time, the fee income part which is I think 
we are almost half to what industry would be in terms of the percentage 
of the assets income which is if you can provide outlook on the fee 
income and as well as on the retail loans when we say that we would 
like to grow the book. Any particular segment of the retail that you think 
is the key focus area that we should think over next 6 months to 12 
months where you will grow your book substantially? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: So I'll answer that last question first. I think I've already mentioned that 
before. But on the retail side, there is obviously a focus on mortgage 
vehicle and education loan and also gold which is shining product for 
us, where the yield is also good and the growth is also good. We believe 
that both agri and non-agri loan will also be part of the whole journey 
on the retail asset side.  
Now coming to your first question which is related to fee to assets. Yes, 
I agree with you that fee to income as a percentage in comparison with 
many banks we are very low. We acknowledge that and which is why 
we are now putting in place all these products. So the cross-sell 
penetration which is very essential both on the retail side as well as on 
the corporate side is something that we want to look at. So for this, we 
had to put our technology in place. So currently we do have the third-
party income coming from insurance and investment distribution 
products. 
 
But again, with the wealth advisory platform coming in, already we are 
seeing this going up compared to the last year. In fact, compared to the 
last year, the number was almost like doubled of last year, and we are 
on that track. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 32 of 36 
 
 
The second is that, there is a cross-sell opportunity, which is basically 
on trade and foreign exchange. And this is something that will 
materialize in the next following quarters only. So we do not have the 
infrastructure product or related to the knowledge know-how to be 
delivered at the branch level. So we have now just kind of restructured 
our corporate finance branches in five locations and also the overseas 
branches and the nodal branches who can handle foreign exchange 
businesses. 
The last is that our regular other income, fee-based products, like 
Locker, debit card and broking, etc., are all more or less on track. We 
are making, whatever we were making the last year. But all that will 
increase because of these three areas, which is distribution products of 
third-party insurance investment broking and also the trade in forex. So 
we will definitely see that happening, but that is currently in the build 
and execution phase. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Perfect. Just last question, the loan book composition, how much would 
be EBLR linked? How much would be fixed? A broader bifurcation if 
you can provide. And in case, what happens to the yields on the loans if, 
say, there is a rate cut coming up in the next 6 months by RBI? So how 
would our loan book yields move? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: So a great question. About 50% of our book is EBLR linked. There could 
be some on the retail side also. But overall, I'm saying I'm calling out to 
say that about 50% would be EBLR plus. Now as and when there is a 
rate change, obviously, the asset side will be repricing first and followed 
by the liability side. But having said that, because our retail liability, 
which is forming almost 92% of our overall term deposit and whatever 
that we have, because we do not have bulk. So as a result, while there 
will be a residual, but we can change rates at short notice, and we will 
be able to match the ALM between the two. 
So, it is not like other banks where there is always a lag between asset 
repricing and a liability repricing. So that is something that we are 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 33 of 36 
 
 
confident about this. But having said that, we have anticipated in terms 
of the interest rate changes scenarios, etc. And with our treasury and our 
advisers on the treasury, we are making the right calls at least so far, and 
we believe we will be on the right side on those interest rate changes as 
we go forward. 
Priyank Chheda: 
 
Thank you and all the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anand Dama from Emkay Global. 
Anand Dama: 
Sir, my question is on LCR. You said that you have affected the recent 
draft guidance, which actually came from RBI. There since RBI asked 
to increase the runoff rate, have you increased the runoff rate in your 
LCR calculation? Or is it more to do with the recent RBI supervision 
where they had asked banks or select banks to basically reverse their 
LCR? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: So I'm handing over the call to Raghuram, who is our Chief Risk Officer. 
While there is a high-quality loan book, etc., which is there is the change, 
but he will exactly explain how the changes have happened compared to 
the earlier part of the year when we had done the LCR calculation. But 
now on a conservative basis, we are sticking to the draft guidelines 
although we are not compelled to do that, so that's something which 
Raghuram will explain. 
Raghuram H S: 
Currently, the changes were for the top line, i.e. HQLA were there was 
a change from the way the level 1 assets were being taken, basic from 
the book value to the market value. Second point was the runoff factor 
changes based on the type of digitalization availability that was a point. 
We agree there are certain grey areas still in the RBI draft circular, which 
is being addressed. Definitely, there is a jump in the runoff factors for 
certain kind of classes. So that is why there is a downward trend in the 
LCR across the Bank. 
Srikrishnan Sarma: So I guess, we are awaiting clarity because we've asked these questions 
to RBI also. But having said that, this is being represented at multiple 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 34 of 36 
 
 
levels, including IBA because this is not a Karnataka Bank phenomenon. 
This is across the banking industry where the changes are underway. But 
we believed that if we test the waters on this and report, how would we 
be and we are still 142%, which is a very comfortable stage and which 
is what we wanted to report this quarter. 
Anand Dama: 
Sure. So for the investors or the analysts basically you're reporting this 
kind of LCR is fine, but the RBI, when the reporting goes is relatively 
high relatively high LCR because then you will not affect this data. 
Srikrishnan Sarma: Yes. correct. 
Anand Dama: 
The second last question is on your loan book where you have reduced 
down your growth guidance from about 18%- 20% to 15%. What will 
be the share of retail loans for your new classification that you have in 
the presentation? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: Our mix will remain the same, 50% from retail, and the balance 50% 
will come from direct to corporate, as I explained earlier, to other callers. 
A combination of various segments within that. But again, this is the 
conscious transitional strategy. It is not something where the bank had 
slowed down the engine or anything. Because of the market conditions 
and the fact that we did not get stuck on the wrong side, we believe that 
it is better to kind of deploy them back into treasury, which is how we 
have not grown our asset book. But we will come back. The engines that 
we are building up now, which is retail and the direct to corporate 
strategies will start kicking in and we believe that our asset acquisition 
will be at a higher yield compared to before. For just to confirm, retail, 
plus mid-market, MSME, etc., is about 60% right now on the run rate, 
and the balance 40% is coming from large corporates and other mid-
sized corporates. 
Anand Dama: 
And so your ROE guidance is about 1.2 to 1.4, whether there is a 
download revision in that as well or like that? 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 35 of 36 
 
 
Srikrishnan Sarma: No, we would stick to that guidance. This is a temporary blip because of 
this quarter strategy. We would come back to our 1.2 range very soon. 
Anand Dama: 
So you said that you have a guidance of about 0.5% slippages. And then 
Harsh asked you that, basically means that gross slippages minus 
recovery minus upgrade. So you said that also you need to reduce the 
write-off from them? 
Srikrishnan Sarma: Correct. 
Anand Dama: 
I believe is typically would be gross slipplages minus the recovery rate 
and not the write off. So what will be that guidance?  
Srikrishnan Sarma : Yes, correct. We confirm that. 
Anand Dama: 
So this 0.5% is gross slippages minus recoveries and upgrades, right? 
Abhishek Sankar Bagchi: Currently, it is the actual additions to NPA and the reduction and the 
recoveries also. 
Anand Dama: 
I think you can take this offline. I think particularly the nomenclature 
that we use and I think what we are using is slightly different.  
Srikrishnan Sarma: I think we can give you additional information. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have 
reached the end of our Q&A session. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Srikrishnan, sir, for the closing comments. 
Srikrishnan Sarma: So on behalf of Karnataka Bank, our management team, and the Board, 
I wish to thank you, our investors, for your support, all the analysts for 
your questions and guidance. There has been a significant contribution 
and suggestions that we have received in the past on the disclosures and 
the changes to the presentations, etc. We have taken all that into 
consideration in the last couple of quarters. So, every quarter, we are 
only improving on the overall delivery. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 36 of 36 
 
 
Thank you very much for the support, and we see that the future is good 
as far as the upcoming quarters are concerned. Once again, thank you, 
all, and best wishes for the festive season. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Karnataka Bank, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your 
lines. 
