 
 
 
 
Regd.Office : UGF-6, Indra Prakash, 21, Barakhamba Road, New Delhi – 110 001, India. 
Tel : +91 11 23311924 / 2332 7205 
CIN : L29113DL1984PLC018415, Website : www.jtekt.co.in 
Email : investorgrievance@jtekt.co.in 
 
Works : 38/6, Delhi-Jaipur Road, NH-48. Gurugram – 122 001, Haryana, India. 
Tel : +91 124 468 5000 
 
 
27th November, 2024 
 
 
The BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services  
Floor 1, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building. P.J. Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai 400 001. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra – Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 051. 
Scrip Code -  520057   
Symbol – JTEKTINDIA 
 
 
Sub :       Transcript of Analysts’ and Investors’ Call. 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the Transcript of the Analyst and Investors' call held on 
22nd November, 2024 on the financial results for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 
2024.  The said Transcript has been uploaded on the Company's website also, the link of the same 
is given below: 
 
https://jtekt.co.in/investors/pdf/15)%20Analyst%20&%20Investors%20Meet/2024-25/Q2-
2024-25/Transcript.pdf 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For JTEKT India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Saurabh Agrawal 
Company Secretary 
 
SAURAB
H 
AGRAW
AL
Digitally signed by SAURABH 
AGRAWAL 
DN: c=IN, st=Delhi, 
2.5.4.20=4bf6d3b3e90e7e7d0e51e463
6f18879c7fc8b38fc8948b782c68a5eee
8699be0, postalCode=110096, 
street=East Delhi, 
pseudonym=ebdbe87aac4be292a2a7
be06dee8be34, 
serialNumber=6ab12d5d0376186d5b9
6ff342a153388b2961342bdb7ea88e32
324b6fce266b5, o=Personal, 
cn=SAURABH AGRAWAL 
Date: 2024.11.27 16:27:30 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“JTEKT India Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 22, 2024 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HITOSHI MOGI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – JTEKT INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
MR. RAJIV CHANANA –DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – JTEKT INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
MR. MINORU SUGISAWA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
JTEKT INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
MR. TERUMITSU KUWANA – DEPARTMENT HEAD OF 
SALES AND MARKETING – JTEKT INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
MR. A. D. RAO – ADVISOR, DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT 
AND PE DEPARTMENT – JTEKT INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
MR. SHYAM SUNDAR – DEPUTY DEPARTMENT HEAD 
SALES AND MARKETING – JTEKT INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
JTEKT India Limited 
 
 
November 22, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY '25 Earnings Conference 
Call of JTEKT India Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to the management of JTEKT India Limited. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Rajiv Chanana: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I would like to introduce the team here from JTEKT side, and then I 
will hand it over to Mr. Mogi for the inaugural speech. We have Mr. Hitoshi Mogi, he's our 
Chairman and Managing Director; Second person is Mr. Minoru Hatanaka, he's the Whole-Time 
Director of this company. Myself, Rajiv Chanana, I'm Director and CFO. We have Mr. A.D. 
Rao, Advisor, MD Office; Kuwana-san, he's the Head of Sales and Marketing Department; and 
Shyam-san, who is Deputy Head of Sales and Marketing Department. 
 
I now hand it over to Mr. Hitoshi Mogi for the opening remarks. Thank you. 
Hitoshi Mogi: 
Okay. So good afternoon, everyone, I am Mr. Hitoshi Mogi: and welcome to the JTEKT India 
Limited quarterly earnings call. I would like to thank all participants for joining this call and 
organize us. There were a series of unforeseen events in May, June and September, which 
adversely impacted momentum in all sectors. 
 
We have observed events like election, heatwaves and heavy rains in certain regions. And all 
these events have contributed to this flat growth of automotive sector. However, festival season 
sales in early October has shown promising signs with a 30% to 35% increase in the vehicle 
registration compared to September. We may hope for rebound in the second half of the year. 
 
Other good point to note is that the event which contribute to slow growth in the current year do 
not sign any strategic or long-term changes in the growth perspectives. Several support factors 
such as raising capital incomes, demographic profile, low vehicle penetration and favourable 
policy environment, including infrastructure development and expected to help the growth of 
auto sector demand at steady pace. 
 
Some of our investigation company expect the industry to clock 4.5% to 6.5% CAGR between 
fiscal year 2024 to fiscal year 2029 period of time. We have been closely watching the growth 
trend and announcements for capacity expansion made by our OEM, including our largest 
customer, Maruti Suzuki. Maruti Suzuki has announced a new facility in Gujarat with 1 million 
capacity and Toyota Kirloskar Motor has announced a new facility in Maharashtra. 
 
Concerning the expansion of our production capacity in Western region, it shall be difficult to 
cater to the requirement for North. Accordingly, we have announced on 7th October 2024 about 
setting up a new facility in the State of Gujarat. We expect the completion in 2027, 2028. At 

 
 
JTEKT India Limited 
 
 
November 22, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
present, and the activity of factory day-out planning is in progress. At this point of time, we have 
committed investment of INR2,500 million for this project. We will keep reporting to you about 
the progress of this project as we achieve various milestones. 
 
Now I would like to discuss with you the company's financial results. The financial results for 
quarter 2 and first half of this fiscal year are now available with you. During the first half of 
current fiscal year 2024-'25, JTEKT achieved sales growth of 9% compared to passenger vehicle 
market growth of 2% during this period. 
 
EBITDA margins improved to 8.2% in quarter 2 from 6.8% in quarter 1 during current fiscal 
year. However, the margins are down from 9.5% achieved last year. Lower-than-expected sales 
growth has contributed to this decline in margins as we could not absorb the increase in fixed 
costs, mainly employee costs, which as a percent of sales increased by 3.5%. 
 
In addition, the company has made additional provision through the warranty of INR50 million, 
which impacted the profitability for quarter 2 by 0.8%. If we remove the actual EBITDA level 
for quarter 2 for this fiscal year is 9%, which is quite close to an EBITDA level of 9.5% achieved 
last year. 
 
With this, I would like to thank you for your participation and open the conference for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Praneet who is an individual investor. 
Please go ahead.  
Praneet: 
So I had questions about the product mix. Basically, I think in 2024, we had a better product mix 
compared to 2025. CEPS has contributed 50% this H1, whereas last year, it's like 46.5%, which 
shows a better product mix. What has caused the reduction in overall increase with CEPS or has 
the overall revenue from other segments reduced? So can you give me some numbers on like 
facts and how this changed? 
Rajiv Chanana: 
Sure. So when we look at the product mix, CEPS, which was 48% in last year, full year, as a 
percentage of total revenue, it has gone up to 51%. Similarly, MS-Gear, which is a part of the 
steering system, that was 23%, it has gone up to 24% in value terms. So there has been a change. 
You're right, there has been some change in the product mix, where certain other products like 
HPS, which is hydraulic power steering, the percentage of that has gone down by about 1% from 
8% last year to 7% in the current financial year. 
 
One more change, which I would like to report on the negative side is that exports, which were 
4% has gone down to 3% during this period. So these have been the major changes. However, 
when we look at the profitability part, CEPS, the profitability is at par with other products. HPS, 
yes, it was contributing slightly higher profitability in the past period. And the mix has given a 
small change in the overall margin levels, value addition levels, but that's not significant. This 
change of 1% is not significant to account for any big impact on the margin side. 
Praneet: 
Understood. So I'm more curious, you told the HPS margin is slightly better than CEPS, right, 
the products. So can you give me a basic margin profile of which contributes most to the 
EBITDA? Because right now, every product has a different margin profile, which contributes to 

 
 
JTEKT India Limited 
 
 
November 22, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
EBITDA, right? So which provides the highest and like can you rank them in the top 5 
categories? Because going forward, depending on the product mix for us to forecast the revenues 
or the product mix, it will give us a better idea, I feel like. 
Rajiv Chanana: 
So if we look at overall EBITDA profit levels of, say, 9.5% - 10%, CEPS will be contributing 
slightly higher side. MS-Gear, the gap may be around anything between 1% to 2%, not very, 
very significant gap between the 2 products because these are all automotive products and the 
pricing decisions are almost on the same levels. 
 
The way the RFQs are raised and the way the costing is built and way the prices are settled. 
There is no big difference in the pricing. But having said that, CEPS being an advanced product 
and involves huge technological developments are happening in that product, and we are able to 
supply better quality products over a period of time. The profitability margins are slightly better 
in CEPS category when compared to MS-Gear category. 
 
However, if you have understood it clearly, the steering system involves one column, which is 
electric column and one gear, which is manual gear. So that's a combination of the 2 products 
becomes a steering system. So in certain cases, we are supplying both manual gear as well as 
electric column to our customers, which means that when you decide the profitability, it is 
decided at a steering level rather than at a product level in many, many cases. 
 
For example, when we are supplying to Honda, Toyota, Nissan, it's a complete steering system, 
which is being supplied. Only in case of Maruti Suzuki, there are some products where we are 
supplying maybe the electric column and we are not supplying MS-Gear or we are supplying 
MS-Gear and we are not supplying electric column. 
 
So with this, I would like to close my comment is that the margins are not very, very different 
from product to product level because deciding factor, the RFQ and costing and other decision 
criteria are practically same. 
Praneet: 
Understood. So the margin profile is the same. In the previous earnings call, you mentioned that 
you would like to increase the overall, let's say, pricing of the entire product, right? So you've 
given INR3,000 figures to INR6,000, you're expecting to double for a few segments and all of 
that. So how is that going at this point of time? And we also wanted to increase the number of 
parts we cater to a particular car, right? So how are we going with that? So what percentage do 
we already supply - let's say, what is the highest percentage of the products we supply to a car 
and to which brand and which OEM is it? And what is the lowest amount so far? 
Rajiv Chanana: 
So when you look at the profit improvement, it's not only restricted to pricing. There are many, 
many factors which help us to improve our profit margins. Better negotiation with customers is 
one area, yes, definitely, which you rightly said, yes, that's a focus area for us. As we go along, 
how we are able to set pricing for the future model, that will determine the overall profitability. 
So negotiation is definitely one of the areas which which is being looked at. 
 
Second is the expansion of exports. I think we have made an announcement sometime back to 
the stock exchange about our getting an export order from our group entity in Brazil. So 
expansion of exports, this particular order will increase our revenues from exports by 2% of the 

 
 
JTEKT India Limited 
 
 
November 22, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
overall sales. So that is one area where we expect the profitability will improve over a period of 
time. Localization is another area. 
 
The VA/VE actions and localization of parts is an area which will help us to improve 
profitability. We maybe mentioned at the last conference call, the mid-shop localization for our 
new product, CVJ.  I'm happy to inform that we were able to localize our mid-shop. And it's a 
big change. It gives us about INR375 per unit impact on profitability. which if I look at compared 
to the bill of material of CVJ, that accounts for 6% to 7%. So that - this change has happened. 
 
So localization continue and various other VA/VE areas continue to be a focus for us to improve 
profitability. We have done merger of our subsidiary company in Japan. There's a big 
opportunity available for us for manufacturing rationalization. So that activity is going on, 
whereby we are doing a lot of manufacturing rationalization, bringing all the production under 
one shed. So that will help us to improve on inventories management as well as the logistic cost. 
 
Last item is the cost optimization. You have seen the control over the fixed cost. Employee cost, 
which used to be 13.4% in 2019-'20 is down to about 10%. This half year, it was 10.6% because 
the volumes were less. But however, we have now reached to a level of 10% in managing our 
employee cost. And the idea is that whatever cost optimization we have achieved so far, we 
should sustain that. So these are many, many areas where the company is working not only on 
price, but many, many areas which are directed towards improving our profit margins. 
 
Coming to your second question on content per car, I think that's what you're trying to ask. So 
the range of CEPS starts from INR10,000 for smaller vehicles and goes up to INR19,000 for the 
larger vehicles like HyCross. CVJ, which is a new introduced product, the product price can be 
anything between INR6,000 to INR7,500. So what we are trying to say is that if we take average 
of CEPS of INR12,000 and average of CVJ of INR6,000, we have practically improved our 
content per car by 50%. 
 
We hope that CVJ is a new product. Currently, we are supplying only for one model. And you 
must have noted our stock exchange reporting that we are now going to almost double the CVJ 
capacity. So we are very optimistic about this product. It's 2 CVJ are required for every vehicle, 
which is manufactured in India, say every car requires that. And we are very, very optimistic 
that this product, we will start -we'll keep getting more volumes of that. 
 
So is that anything else you asked? Or have I answered your question? 
Praneet: 
No, if you don't mind, I have like a few more questions on the specific margin side. So one thing 
you told localization has been supporting a lot of our margin expansion, right? So what 
percentage at this point of time is localized and what percentage is not? And going forward with 
the investment in the new capacity, how are we changing that localization? How is the planning 
on changing? Like how do you want to take it? 
 
And on the exports front, we have a partnership or an agreement with one of our other fellow 
associates somewhere like in Brazil. So like how can we take this looking forward with this 
particular entity? And are we also planning on doing - like increasing our customer base apart 
from this particular entity? Like are you in talks with other place for exports also? And if you 

 
 
JTEKT India Limited 
 
 
November 22, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
are in other place of exports, where do you want to see this exports contribution moving forward 
in the next 3 years? 
Rajiv Chanana: 
Okay. So coming to your question on localization, if you have seen our financial results, the 
total import content of the total material cost is just about 10%. So the product to product, it will 
differ. But on an aggregate basis, we are now almost down to about 10% of KD content in our 
production. And this is gradually reducing. As I told you, for example, when you introduce a 
new product like CVJ, initially, it will be higher. 
 
But as you keep on putting more efforts towards localization, the content will keep on reducing. 
Overall basis, as I said, it's about 10%. So that's a target area. There are certain products where 
unfortunately, localization cannot be done like there are certain ECU parts, electronic parts, 
which, we do not have capability to produce in India, But so these will continue to be imported 
for some more time. 
 
Maybe the PLI scheme with the government launch could change the game for Indian 
manufacturers and maybe more and more products will be locally available. And we'll keep on 
monitoring that and keep on further reducing our localization. 
 
Coming to export, this is our first order which we have got, and it's a strategy. We have been 
working on this particular thing. One of the major requirement for increasing your exports is to 
have a very, very strong supply chain, because not only you have to sustain but you have to 
ensure that you supply the best quality products. Any quality defects or supplying your export 
models can be a big game changer for you on the negative side. 
 
So - having a very strong supply chain is a prerequisite for increasing exports from India. And 
that's what we have been working for the last few years. And after we are very satisfied, this is 
the first order which we have got from our OEM in Brazil, JTEKT OEM in Brazil. This is a PSA 
product and it's for a global market. And we expect that even though the start point will be 
around 1 lakh units, which we'll start with that, but this will keep on increasing. The initial value 
will be around, say, INR50 crores kind of a thing. But over the life, we are expecting this will 
be around INR200 crores kind of an effort. 
 
So once established, thre can be repeat orders of a similar type because the product is more or 
less same. So we'll keep on finding more such opportunities for us. We'll keep on working from 
one model to another model, just like we work with our OEMs in India. We can continue to 
work with our Brazil company for the next models as well. So I cannot put a number on it. 
 
Yes, we are looking at exports increasing by 2% immediately once this order is put into place. I 
think the April 2026 or maybe 1 or 2 months here and there, we'll start supplying this product to 
Brazil. And we expect that next year, our volumes will increase by 2%. And we keep on looking 
at further increasing the exports from India. It's a profitable product. The profitability is far better 
compared to the local domestic sales. So our efforts will be to continue. I would not like to put 
any number on this at this point of time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aman Agrawal from Carnelian Capital. 

 
 
JTEKT India Limited 
 
 
November 22, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Aman Agrawal: 
A few questions from my side. The first was on the capex, which we have announced for INR250 
crores. So like earlier, we had announced expansion on both manual gear as well as CEPS. So 
this capex is basically to align our capacity along with the investments announced by OEM or 
like how to think about this capex given we are already expanding for manual gear and CEPS 
thing. 
Rajiv Chanana: 
So I'll give you the complete picture. For the first half year of current financial year, the total 
capital expenditure, which we have incurred is around INR120 crores. Now this includes part of 
the total expenditure, which is involved for installation of new CEPS line at our existing Bawal 
location. We are installing 2 manual gear lines, one at Dharuhera facility and one at Chennai 
facility. 
 
Chennai is for export, which I just explained, in fact some few minutes back. Then we are - in 
the backward integration, we are setting up one more PDC machine of 850 tons. Plus there is a 
maintenance and new product development expenditure. So this is the area where we are 
currently spending in the current financial year. So these projects are in pipeline. 
 
These are partially complete, and we expect that during the current financial year, our total 
capital expenditure will be around INR250 crores or slightly more. So when we look at the 
current capacity expansion, the third CEPS line, which we are working will increase our capacity 
from 10 lakhs to 15 lakh units. And then the fifth manual gear line, which we are working at 
Dharuhera will increase our capacity from 24 lakhs to 29 lakhs. So that's a capacity expansion, 
which is going to happen, and this will happen sometime in April '25, July '25 period. 
 
So another thing which you must have noticed, our stock exchange reporting in December and 
February, we decided to set up 2 additional lines of manual gear. First will be the sixth manual 
gear line at our Dharuhera facility. And second will be one line at -which will be the fourth 
manual gear line at our Chennai facility. So this will increase our overall capacity from 29 lakhs 
to 36 lakhs. So that's the current capacity expansion, which we are looking at. 
 
Coming to other products, CVJ, that also we announced sometime in February, we're doubling 
our capacity from, say, around 3.7 lakh or 4 lakh to maybe double to about 8 lakh units. Now 
how we are funding this? I think that's important to explain to our investors. For the current year, 
for the first half, we had a cash generation of around INR75 crores. 
 
And then we had some cash available from the previous year generations. So this was enough 
to meet our capital expenditure of INR120 crores, and we were able to reduce our borrowing by 
INR23 crores during this period. So that's how we are managing the capital expenditure till this 
point of time. 
 
Now this announcement, which we just spoke about expanding into Gujarat, this is primarily - 
we do not have any facility in Western region. We are mostly concentrated in North and in South. 
And as Mogi-san mentioned in his opening remarks, we have seen increase in activity in the 
Western region. Maruti Suzuki has already announced a new plant, maybe with a capacity of 1 
million, which will be a significant change in the Western region. So currently, we are supplying 
to Suzuki in Gujarat through our current facilities at Dharuhera and Bawal. However, that is not 

 
 
JTEKT India Limited 
 
 
November 22, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
the right way. It's a safety product, and we are worried about quality issues when the product 
has to travel a long distance. Apart from that, the cost part, the huge logistics, transportation 
costs as well as maintaining a warehouse in Gujarat. So those are very expensive things. 
 
And as the requirement will keep on increasing, we have no option but to expand in Western 
region. So that's how we have announced a factory, a new factory to be set up in at our land, 
which we bought about a few years back. We got a land parcel of around 30 acres, which is very 
near to Suzuki factory. This place is called Jalisana, just about 7 kilometers from the existing 
Suzuki plant. 
 
So we'll be using this land and we'll be setting up a new plant. And we have currently allocated 
INR250 crores for this project. But this will be a long gestation project, maybe involve 3 to 4 
years' time before we actually start manufacturing from that location. It will take some time. But 
we have allocated INR250 crores for this project at this point of time. So this is overall on the 
capex side. If you have any further explanation required on capex, I can explain. 
Aman Agrawal: 
Sir, just one follow-up question on that. So this INR250 crores, like with all products we are 
planning to manufacture there, like this will include the civil infrastructure as well as the 
investment for machining, right, like for increasing the capacity. 
Rajiv Chanana: 
So we will keep on announcing it. Like at this point of time, this plan is not decided because 
once we decide about the production part, we need to report to stock exchange also. So that will 
keep on reporting. We will like to have a composite plant, maybe producing all sort of products, 
manual gears, CEPS, et cetera, maybe CVJ and bearing also. But we will keep on announcing 
that. At this point of time, we have not made any official announcement for that, yes, but we 
would like to have a composite plant, maybe producing all sort of steering system and driveline 
system, which we are producing at our North factories. 
Aman Agrawal: 
Right. Sir, just one follow-up on that. Like this bearing is in our unlisted business, right? It is 
not part of the listed entity. So like since we might be thinking of manufacturing in that facility 
like you indicated, so are we also planning to bring the current Indian bearing business to the 
listed entity or like how would that work? Like any idea on that side, sir? 
Rajiv Chanana: 
So you're right. JTEKT Bearing is a separate group entity in India. And they are manufacturing 
for automotive sector also. We call it hub bearings. There can be a plant in Gujarat to 
manufacture bearing as well. So there can be different mechanism, which can be followed. One 
is that out of the land parcel, we can sublease part of the land and that can be used by JTEKT 
Bearing for setting up their individual facility. 
 
That can be one way. The second method can be contract manufacturing where JTEKT will start 
manufacturing on behalf of JBIN. There can be a third mechanism where we just add hub bearing 
as a part of our own product line. We have not decided that. What will be the legal structure of 
that, we'll decide later, and we'll report maybe at the subsequent investor calls. At this point of 
time, the legal structure has not been decided. 
Aman Agrawal: 
Got it. So we are not planning to merge that bearing entity with the rest of entity as of now sir? 

 
 
JTEKT India Limited 
 
 
November 22, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Rajiv Chanana: 
Not at this point of time, yes. We are not planning any merger of these 2 entities. In fact, we 
have just completed JFIN, Fuji company merger and there are a lot of activity which need to be 
done, as I was mentioning about the manufacturing rationalization. It's a long activity. The 
product which was being manufactured by JFIN was the jacket assembly, which is a main part 
component of CEPS electric power steering system, how we manufacture the 2 products at 1 
location, so that we can improve our rationalization. 
 
That activity is currently going on. It takes time. So give us some time to complete the current 
rationalization activity, which are in progress. Maybe later, we may decide. But at this point of 
time, there's no decision about merging JBIN operation into JFIN operations. 
Aman Agrawal: 
Understood, sir. Sir, one question related to capex, like how much would be our maintenance 
capex on an annual basis like on a recurring basis? 
Rajiv Chanana:  
It will be around INR20 crores to INR30 crores. That's a normal bench ballpark number. 
Aman Agrawal: 
Understood, sir. Sir, earlier in the call, you were indicating on localization for CVJ, right? Like 
you have localized the mid-shop for CVJ. So like how is the profitability currently looking in 
CVJ? Like is it near to company level profitability or like after this localization, we have reached 
that level? Or like how to think about profitability in CVJ? 
Rajiv Chanana: 
So there are 2 important things which will improve the profitability of CVJ. The first part is the 
localization, which I just mentioned that we have already completed. So the total benefit which 
has come is around INR375. And when we look at the sale price of this particular product, this 
is as high as 6% kind of a thing. The second important thing is the total capacity utilization. 
 
So we mentioned is that in the April or May, we will be getting one more product. for which we 
will start supplying CVJ. And this will help us to increase our capacity utilization from current 
60% to about 100%, more than 100%. That will make us very near to our current level of 
profitability for other products, maybe slightly better than profitability for our other products. 
Aman Agrawal: 
Understood, sir. And like with the second line coming in, the profitability would improve even 
profit side with operational efficiency? 
Rajiv Chanana:  
I'm sorry, say again? 
Aman Agrawal: 
So we are planning another line of CVJ, right? So with that also, we might see some 
improvement in profitability. 
Rajiv Chanana: 
Absolutely. Absolutely. Not only as the volumes - this is an opportunity to increase your cash 
generations also, more profits in terms of value, not as a percentage. Percentage is okay, I think 
the investors are very watchful about the percentage. But for us, JTEKT, more cash generation, 
more profit in terms of value is also important. So we'd like to get more business of CVJ in the 
coming future and like to expand in that area. 
Aman Agrawal: 
Understood, sir. Sir, one strategic question basically, like since we are setting up all these 
capacities and you were basically pointing out that we now have the supply chain to serve export 

 
 
JTEKT India Limited 
 
 
November 22, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
orders. So with all this capacity available, would we be in a better position to go and like 
aggressively go for export orders to grow our business like since it is very small right now, right? 
So like only 3%, 4% of our overall top line. So maybe like targeting like 10%, 15% of top line, 
can that be an opportunity for us in the next 3 to 5 years? 
Rajiv Chanana: 
Yes, you are right. Yes, there are opportunities available. We just need to prove ourselves by 
meeting the quality standards for the current export order, and we are very hopeful that there 
will be repeat orders for that. We'll have many, many opportunities coming in front of us, and 
we hope that we should be able to crystallize those opportunities for us. 
Aman Agrawal: 
Understood sir. Just one question before I join back the queue. So like when we are doing such 
capex, any internal IRR benchmark we have to go ahead with this capex, like any internal returns 
we look at like on this project basis? 
Rajiv Chanana: 
So many, many things need to be considered. One is the current profitability levels. Once we are 
sure that we are able to - with our capacity expansion, we have orders available, which will help 
us to maintain our profitability and improve our profitability, we go ahead with that. So the 
current profitability benchmark and our future targets are the basis for our capex decisions. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tushar from Peace Wealth. 
Tushar: 
Sir, my first question is regarding this hub bearing that you just mentioned. So may I know like 
where is this deployed in automotive vehicle? And what could be the price range for this 
product? And then how big is this opportunity for us? So this is my first question. 
Rajiv Chanana: 
So hub bearing is used for automotive use, and we are supplying to OEMs from our bearing 
company. Shyam sir, are you aware about the price? Hub price. Sorry, this is relating to my 
group entity. I may not be having the right numbers available with me. But yes, hub product is 
being supplied to OEMs for automotive use. 
Tushar: 
Okay. I mean, this is also part of the steering components or maybe some other application of a 
vehicle? 
Management: 
This is a driveline product. 
Tushar: 
Okay. Okay. And my second question is, sir, regarding this - in August, there was a recall of 
around 2,500 Alto K10 units because of a steering malfunction. So I just want to understand - 
are we also supplying those steering solutions to Alto K10? And if yes, and in some way, did it 
impact our profitability for this quarter? 
Rajiv Chanana: 
Yes. Strictly - we are sorry that there was a quality defect, which was noticed in our manual 
steering gear, which we are supplying to Maruti Suzuki for Alto K10. And this was noticed in 
sometime in June '24. So upon investigation, we noticed certain abnormalities in the 
manufacturing process parameters for a short period of time. So based on the joint analysis, 
which we did with JTEKT and Maruti, it was concluded that defect in the steering - in a rare 
case, it may affect the vehicle steer ability. 

 
 
JTEKT India Limited 
 
 
November 22, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
 
And accordingly, Maruti Suzuki issued a notice on 7th August 2024 to recall some 2,555 Alto 
K10 vehicles. These affected vehicle owners, we have already contacted through the Maruti 
Suzuki authorized dealer workshops for inspection and replacement of parts free of cost. So 
upon discovery of this defect, JTEKT immediately took countermeasures for containment due 
to presence of a very strong traceability system, JTEKT was able to identify the suspected 
quantity and in consultation with Maruti Suzuki, we plan to replace the entire lot of suspective 
steering system to ensure safety of end customers. 
 
The replacement job is almost complete now. And over the last few months, JTEKT has made a 
provision of INR50 million books of accounts to meet the cost of replacement covering part 
costs, labour costs and other incidental expenses. We have a product liability insurance policy 
with us and which covers this kind of a risk, and we have already lodged our insurance claim.  
 
However, till the time the insurance claim is settled, we cannot make any positive provision, 
though negative provision of INR50 million has been done. We have not done any positive 
provisioning towards recovery from insurance company in our financials. JTEKT quality and 
production departments are committed to maintain highest quality standards for our products 
and to ensure the quality and safety of end customers. 
 
This exceptional provision of INR50 million towards warranty cost, this has impacted our 
quarter 2 financials by 0.8%. So if we remove this exceptional cost, EBITDA margin for quarter 
2 actually improves from 8.2% to 9.1%. And that is very quiet close to EBITDA margin of 9.5%, 
which we achieved last year. 
 
And just to tell you this kind of a problem, we never faced for the past many, many years, and 
it's unfortunate, and we are sorry for facing this kind of a quality defect in our product. We are 
committed that we should not have the similar situation in future. We have covered this 
particular financial impact in our books of accounts for quarter 2. The entire provisioning has 
been done. 
Tushar: 
Sir, my next question is regarding this Renault and Nissan, they are going to be launching new 
Duster early next year. So I just want to understand, are we also supplying for this new vehicle? 
And if yes, then which components are we supplying to them? And as well about this Maruti 
and Toyota when they're coming up with the new EV vehicle early next year. So which 
components are we going to supply to those vehicles, electric vehicles? 
Rajiv Chanana: 
So we are not supplying for Duster. And we will  let the product be launched, as you said, for 
the Maruti Suzuki and others. We will be reporting at that point of time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manoj from Carnelian Capital. 
Manoj: 
I have 2, 3 questions. First question is to Mr. Hitoshi. Since Mr. Hitoshi, you had a vast exposure, 
vast experience working with 
 
JTEKT parent. I just wanted to understand what are the product adjacencies or what are the 
products which you aspire to bring to India from JTEKT global portfolio to India? Like CVJ is 
one of the products which you have successfully done so. So what will be the product pipeline 

 
 
JTEKT India Limited 
 
 
November 22, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
going forward? And secondly, what will be your aspiration towards exports? So I have a few 
more questions, but first, I will like to pause and seek your response on this question, please. 
Hitoshi Mogi: 
Okay. Thank you very much for your question. So first of all, as JTEKT globally, India is one 
of the most important footprint. And we utilize this competitive footprint to the global market. 
That's kind of a global strategy. So we have not decided the concrete item, but we are going to 
expand our export business as well as the components to ship to our global entities. That's one. 
And accordingly, we are going to introduce a new product, but we are under study. 
Manoj: 
Okay. Okay. I'm not asking whether you have decided or not. My question was like what is the 
possibility for new product introduction, whether that is there on cards because JTEKT Global 
may be having some products which are not there in India. And looking at the world drive of 
manufacture in India and ship to India, whether that kind of aspiration is there on cards for 
JTEKT India. And if that is there, whether any ground level working is happening or not? 
Rajiv Chanana: 
So on the steering side, we are a system supplier now. We got all types of steering systems, 
which are possibly produced around the world, including the high-end electric power steering 
system. The driveline category, we are not system supplier. There are products. There could be 
a possibility of further expanding our line of business. But yes, give us some time. 
 
We are not ready to answer this question in detail at this point of time. But look at the way the 
CVJ is progressing now and the way we are trying to capture the market, and we have aspirations 
in terms of getting more and more share of the Indian market. Within 1 - 1.5 years of setting of 
the first line, we have announced the second line setup. 
 
We are very, very -  and this is possible only by bringing a best quality product. Otherwise, you 
cannot expect to get market share at such a fast pace. With JTEKT support, we are able to dwell 
a product which is high-quality level. So give us some breathing, we are looking at various 
things, and we'll announce as we go along. Yes. 
Manoj: 
Okay. And my second part on export aspirations. I think, Rajiv-ji, you have mentioned in your 
initial comment that definitely export is going to be much, much bigger. But can you put a 
number that how much percentage of our revenue can be exports over the next 3 to 5 years? 
Rajiv Chanana: 
Futuristic, a little doubtful as to maybe give some time. Success of this particular project is 
actually paved the way for our future discussion at a global level. Even we are - aspiration is 
okay, like I may aspire to have a 10% portfolio from export. Those aspirations are okay, but 
we'd like to be realistic in terms of understanding the total potential, which we have. And I think 
we are moving in the right direction. The exports will now start, as I said, very shortly, we'll 
start exporting and we'll slightly catch up with that total requirement. 
 
I think this will set up the tone for the next order and maybe next to next order. So I think as we 
go along, I think we will be in a better position to answer this question as we go along. So at this 
point of time, putting a number aspirational is okay, but putting a realistic number is a little 
difficult at this point. 

 
 
JTEKT India Limited 
 
 
November 22, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Manoj: 
No. I'm not asking Rajiv-ji a realistic number. I just want to see that what are kind of aspirations 
in terms of new product introduction because without aspirations, things won't happen. So what 
kind of aspirations are there for new product introduction from the global portfolio as well as 
what kind of aspiration we do have on the export side? 
Rajiv Chanana:  
Right. So as we go along, I think we'll have more clarity, and we'll keep on reporting that. And 
there are opportunities available. I think we mentioned that in our previous investor calls also. 
And even before the CVJ was introduced, I think we discussed this point that there are 
opportunities available, and that followed with the introduction of CVJ into the Indian market. 
So yes, there are opportunities available. And - but till that time, we have analyzed that in terms 
of acceptability in the Indian market and many, many - and the feasibility of that in terms of 
putting more money. 
 
We already have many capital expansion projects in our hand, which we like to complete in the 
next 2, 3 years' time. So our hands are full at this point of time in terms of expanding our 
capacities, expanding into the western regions. So many, many things are going on at the same 
time, plus the manufacturing rationalization, which I just told you. So many things are in 
pipeline. Like give us some time, I think once we have our strategy ready and once we have our 
discussion with our parent company as well, we'll keep reporting that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of... 
Rajiv Chanana: 
I think the time is up. And I think the management has got a very important call with JTEKT 
parent company. So maybe one question we can take, but after that, we have to close the meeting. 
Moderator: 
Sure, sir. The next question is from the line of Himanshu Singh from Baroda BNP Paribas. 
Himanshu Singh: 
And actually, I just want to know why our manufacturing cost has gone up by 10% Y-o-Y 
compared to revenues and administrative costs have come down by 5%, whereas the revenues 
have increased by 4%. So just on that. 
Rajiv Chanana: 
So fixed costs are under check, like even when you look at the employee cost and you look at 
the increment part, once we add that and we actually see improvement in that. So even though 
as a percentage, it has gone up. But in terms of actual value, we have actually improved on all 
the 3 cost elements, employee cost, administration costs and depreciation. Everything has 
contributed on a value terms, it has contributed to the better profitability in H1 of this year 
compared to last year. 
 
Coming to manufacturing cost, yes, there is a slight increase. This is an impact of the various 
changes which have happened. The power cost has gone up, the state prices have gone up. So 
those impacts are visible, mainly the inflationary impacts are there. Plus the new product when 
we launch, the tooling cost is slightly higher. So CVJ is a new product which has been launched. 
So there is a tooling cost, which is slightly higher. 
 
It's a product mix impact, but that's not very significant. The inflationary impact is one which is 
reflecting in the slightly increase in the manufacturing cost at this point of time. We have 
opportunities of various ideas in the cost reduction, whereby we can improve the life of the tool 

 
 
JTEKT India Limited 
 
 
November 22, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
as well as we are looking at various alternate supplier base for improving the life as well as 
reducing the cost of our tooling. 
 
There's a major exercise going on at this point of time where we are doing benchmarking with 
our global entities and trying to reduce the cost of tooling. Plus we are also looking at various 
other areas. One last thing, which I would like to mention, which I just explained also, the 
rationalization activity is a big activity which is currently going on after the merger of JFIN with 
us. 
 
So manufacturing rationalization activity required a lot of expenditure on the repair side, which 
is part of the manufacturing cost. So this is onetime activity which is going on. I think within 1 
year's time, once this activity is complete, this expenditure will come out of the overall structure. 
And you will find our manufacturing cost will be similar to what we had last year. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Hitoshi Mogi: 
Yes. I would like to thank everyone for joining on this call. I hope we have been able to respond 
to the most of the questions adequately. We are really positive about the growth in automotive 
sector and to continue with our effort to expand to meet the industry's requirement. Thank you 
very much. Stay safe, stay healthy, and thank you once again for joining us. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of JTEKT India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
