 
 
 
 October 30, 2024 
 
The Secretary 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001 
Scrip Code: 540975 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051 
Scrip Symbol: ASTERDM 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(“SEBI Listing Regulations”) 
 
This is further to our earlier letter dated October 24, 2024, regarding Video/ Audio recordings of Earnings 
call of the Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024, held on October 24, 2024, 
please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the said Earnings call. 
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
made 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.asterdmhealthcare.com/investors/financial-information/earning-call-transcripts  
 
Kindly take the above said information on record as per the requirement of SEBI Listing Regulations. 
  
Thank you 
  
For Aster DM Healthcare Limited 
 
Hemish Purushottam 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No: A24331 
 
 
HEMISH 
PURUSHOTTAM
Digitally signed by HEMISH 
PURUSHOTTAM 
Date: 2024.10.30 20:03:37 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited 
Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
October 24, 2024 
 
________________________________________________________________________________ 
Management: 
  
Ms. Alisha Moopen – Deputy Managing Director  
Mr. T J Wilson – Non-Executive Director  
                                                          Mr. Anoop Moopen – Non-Executive Director 
Mr. Ramesh Kumar – Chief Operating Officer (COO) 
 Mr. Sunil Kumar M R – Chief Financial Officer, India 
Mr. Hitesh Dhaddha – Chief of Investor Relations and M&A 
Moderator: 
            Mr. Puneet Maheshwari – Senior Manager, Investor Relations  
________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   2 
 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Good morning, everyone. I welcome you to Aster DM Healthcare 
Earnings conference call for the second quarter of FY25. The company 
declared the Q2 results for FY25. With us, we have the senior 
management of Aster DM Healthcare, namely Ms. Alisha Moopen, 
Deputy Managing Director, Mr. T J. Wilson, Non-Executive Director, 
Mr. Anoop Moopen, Non-Executive Director, Mr. Ramesh Kumar, 
Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Sunil Kumar, Chief Financial Officer, and 
Mr. Hitesh Dhaddha, Chief of Investor Relations and Mergers and 
Acquisitions.  
I would like to inform everyone about how we will conduct this call. 
All external attendees will be in listen-only mode for the duration of 
the entire call. We will start the call with opening remarks by 
management, followed by an interactive Q&A session. During the 
Q&A session, you will get a chance to ask a question by raising your 
hand by clicking on the raise hand icon in zoom application at the 
bottom of your window. We will call out your name after which your 
line will be unmuted, and you will be able to ask your question. We 
request you to please limit your question to two but not more than 
three per participant at a time.  
Certain forward-looking statements may be discussed in this meeting 
and such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties like 
government actions, local, political or economic developments, 
technological risks and many other factors that could cause actual 
results to differ materially. Aster DM Healthcare Limited will not be in 
any way responsible for any action taken based on such statements 
and undertakes no obligation to publicly update these forward-
looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. 
With this, I will now request Ms. Alisha Moopen to start with opening 
remarks. Over to you, Ms. Alisha. 
Alisha Moopen:   
Thank you, Puneet. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for 
joining our Q2 FY25 earnings call. To begin, the Indian healthcare 
sector 
is 
experiencing 
robust 
growth, 
driven 
by 
several 
macroeconomic factors. Rising healthcare demand, fuelled by a 
growing middle class, the increasing prevalence of chronic diseases, 
and enhanced government focus on expanding healthcare 
infrastructure and insurance coverage, continues to create significant 
opportunities. Additionally, India’s emergence as a major hub for 
medical tourism further amplifies the attractiveness of the hospital 
industry. Amid this favourable backdrop, we are very pleased to 
report that we are outpacing the industry growth. Our superior quality 
of care, state-of-the-art infrastructure, and leadership position in key 
micro-markets have allowed us to consistently deliver results that 
exceed broader industry benchmarks. In Q2 FY25, we sustained our 
strong momentum from the first quarter, with steady growth across 
all key operational and financial metrics. The strategic realignment we 
executed earlier this year, combined with our deep understanding of 
India’s diverse healthcare needs, has been crucial in driving this 
performance. Our focus on expanding capacity, streamlining 

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   3 
 
operations, and enhancing service delivery has further strengthened 
our ability to meet the growing needs of the healthcare sector. This 
focus has also solidified our leadership in the regions we serve, where 
our reputation for quality care continues to differentiate us even in 
highly competitive landscape. Now coming to the financial 
performance, looking at overall India's long-term performance. Over 
the last five years, our India operations have achieved robust growth, 
with a CAGR of 23% in revenue and 38% in Operating EBITDA up to 
FY24. This success has been driven by a strategic focus on expanding 
capacity, boosting the ARPOB, and increasing international patient 
revenue. At the same time, we’ve delivered stronger margin 
improvement through disciplined cost management, operational 
efficiencies, and optimizing our service mix, allowing us to scale 
profitability while maintaining high-quality care.  
Now, coming to the H1 FY25 performance Our overall India business 
recorded revenue growth of 18%, reaching INR 2,088 crores in the first 
half of FY25. This growth was driven by 7% increase in occupied beds 
and a 12% year-on-year increase in Average Revenue Per Occupied 
Bed (ARPOB). Aster’s Operating EBITDA also grew by 44%, totaling INR 
410 crores, with EBITDA margins expanding to 19.6% in H1 FY25, up 
from 16.1% a year ago. This substantial improvement has been fueled 
by operational efficiencies, evidenced by a reduction in Average 
Length of Stay (ALOS), cost optimization initiatives, and enhanced 
EBITDA performance from our labs business. Notably, our material 
costs (excluding wholesale pharmacy) decreased to 20.7% in H1 FY25 
from 22.8% in the same period last year. Our net profit (post-NCI) 
nearly doubled to INR 171 crores in H1 FY25, compared to INR 91 
crores in H1 FY24, showcasing our strong operational performance 
and increased other income from interest earned on the investment 
of remaining sale proceeds from the segregation of our GCC business.  
Furthermore, we have seen a positive shift in our payor mix, with the 
contribution from the insurance business increasing by over 300 basis 
points to 30%. This growth was partially offset by a corresponding 
reduction in the scheme business. Now coming to our core business, 
hospitals and the clinics, our core hospital business is demonstrating 
continued growth, achieving Operating EBITDA margins of 22.4% for 
H1 FY25, up from 19.1% in the prior year. Specifically, our mature 
hospitals which by definition for us has been in operation for over six 
years has showed a very impressive expansion in operating EBITDA 
margins, reaching 25% in H1 FY25, compared to 22% just over a year 
ago, with a return on capital employed (ROCE) of 32%. Our deliberate 
focus on building a sustainable business model is reflected in our well-
diversified specialty mix, where no single specialty accounts for more 
than 15% of total hospital revenue. This strategic diversification 
enhances our resilience and positions us well for future growth in the 
healthcare sector.  

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   4 
 
We are actually making significant progress in enhancing our oncology 
services, with Aster Whitefield Hospital becoming first hospital in 
India to introduce the Groundbreaking Intra-Operative Electron 
Radiation Therapy for cancer care at the Aster International Institute 
of Oncology (AIIO). This represents a significant leap forward in the 
hospital’s commitment to providing the highest quality treatment 
options for cancer patients.  
                                                         Coming to some of the newer businesses as pharmacy and labs, As 
of September 30, 2024, we have established 232 Patient Experience       
Centers (PECs) and 212 Aster Pharmacy-branded retail stores. 
Additionally, our lab business performed well, achieving a revenue 
growth of 17% YoY in Q2 FY25, while maintaining a positive EBITDA 
margin of 11%, up from 3.4% in Q1 FY25.   
                                                         Coming to our Capex plan, 
                                                         We remain committed to our robust expansion plans. This quarter, we 
successfully operationalized 100 beds at MIMS Kannur and added 25 
beds at Aster Adhaar, bringing our total capacity to nearly 5,000 beds 
as of September 30, 2024. Additionally, we are excited about the 
greenfield expansion of Aster Women and Children Hospital in 
Hyderabad, which will feature 300 beds and is anticipated to be 
completed by FY26. This project further to add approximately 1,800 
beds to our overall capacity, elevating our total bed count to nearly 
6,800 by FY27. Our expansion pipeline also includes significant 
brownfield projects at renowned hospitals such as Aster Medcity, 
Aster CMI, and Aster Whitefield, which are on track to become large-
capacity facilities with approximately 950 beds, 850 beds, and 500 
beds, respectively. 
                                                         Coming to some of the changes in our Board of Directors and 
Leadership Team, 
                                                         We are very excited to announce recent changes to our Board of 
Directors, welcoming Maniedath Madhavan Nambiar, Sunil Theckath 
Vasudevan, Anoop Moopen, and Dr. Zeba Azad Moopen as our new 
members. Their diverse expertise and fresh perspectives will enhance 
our leadership team, strengthen our governance, and support our 
strategic growth initiatives. We look forward to their valuable 
contributions as we continue to drive our mission forward. I am 
delighted to announce the promotion of Ramesh Kumar to Chief 
Operating Officer (COO) of Aster DM Healthcare, India. Previously 
serving as the Regional Chief Executive Officer for Karnataka and 
Maharashtra, Mr. Kumar brings a wealth of experience and leadership 
to his new role. We are confident that his strategic vision will play a 
crucial role in advancing our operations and enhancing the quality of 
healthcare services that we provide. 
                                                        Just to share some of the recent recognitions that we have had, 

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   5 
 
                                                         We are thrilled to announce that, following Aster CMI Hospital in 
Bengaluru achieving platinum-level NABH digital accreditation last 
quarter, both MIMS Calicut and Aster Medcity Kochi have now 
become the first hospitals in Kerala to attain this prestigious status. 
With a total of nine hospitals currently holding NABH digital 
accreditation, we are proud to demonstrate our leadership in the 
digital transformation of healthcare. Looking ahead, Aster DM 
Healthcare is very well-positioned for substantial growth, with a 
focused strategy on expanding capacity, enhancing operational 
efficiencies, and improving patient care. These strategic priorities will 
not only help us maintain our momentum but also deliver long-term 
value for our stakeholders. We are confident that this concentrated 
approach will further reinforce our leadership in the Indian healthcare 
sector and enable us to meet the rising demand for high-quality 
medical services. I will now request our group COO, Mr. Ramesh, to 
further elaborate on our cluster performance. Over to you Ramesh. 
Ramesh Kumar:   
Thank you, Ms. Alisha. Good morning, everyone. I am really excited to 
provide an overview of our cluster performance for Q2 FY25. Infact, 
we have witnessed continued growth and improved operational 
efficiency across all our regions, and I'd like to provide a few highlights 
around the same. Starting with the Kerala Cluster – this region 
remains the cornerstone of our operations. With a total bed capacity 
of 2,501 beds, we have 1,898 operational census beds, with a solid 
77% occupancy rate. This utilization demonstrates the trust our 
patients place in the quality of care at our facilities.  
In terms of our financial performance, Kerala has shown significant 
strength. Total revenue from the cluster has increased to INR 1,087 
crores in H1 FY25, compared to INR 965 crores in H1 FY24, marking a 
growth of 13%. The operating EBITDA for the Kerala cluster has grown 
by 30% YoY to INR 259 crores in H1 FY25. Margins have improved to 
23.9% in H1 FY25 from 20.7% in H1 FY24, reflecting both our top-line 
growth and our efficiency in managing operational costs. Next, 
turning to the Karnataka and Maharashtra Cluster – this cluster has 
also shown significant progress. With a total bed capacity of 1,446 
beds, and 1,010 operational census beds, we’ve seen occupancy 
improve by almost around 600 basis points YoY, from 59% to 65% in 
H1FY25. Revenue of Karnataka and Maharashtra cluster has grown by 
35% YoY, reaching INR 696 crore in H1 FY25, up to around INR 516 
crore in H1 FY24. The operating EBITDA for this cluster also saw robust 
growth of 62%, increasing from INR 101 crore in H1 FY24 to INR 164 
crore in H1 FY25. Our operating EBITDA margin improved to 23.5% in 
H1 FY25, up from 19.6% in the previous year, demonstrating our 
ability to enhance profitability while continuing to expand services, 
especially through our high-end treatments in hospitals like Aster CMI 
and Aster Whitefield in Bengaluru. Finally, both our Andhra and 
Telangana Cluster has also demonstrated strong performance. With a 
total bed capacity of 1,047 beds and 781 operational census beds, the 

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   6 
 
occupancy rate improved by 700 basis points, from 49% in H1 FY24 to 
56% in H1 FY25. Revenue for the Andhra and Telangana cluster grew 
by 17%, reaching INR 236 crores in H1 FY25 compared to INR 202 
crores in H1 FY24. Operating EBITDA grew by 44%, from INR 21 crores 
in H1 FY24 to INR 30 crores in H1 FY25, with margins improving to 
12.8% compared to 10.4% the previous year. Across all regions, our 
performance continues to drive both revenue growth and enhanced 
profitability. In total, our bed capacity stands at 4,994 beds, with 3,689 
operational census beds. Outpatient visits have grown by almost 13%, 
and inpatient visits by 14%, which clearly highlights the increasing 
demand for our services. 
Looking ahead, we remain confident in our ability to sustain this 
growth trajectory. By maintaining a focus on operational excellence, 
expanding our reach, and delivering the highest quality of care, we are 
well-positioned to continue this positive momentum. I now request 
our CFO, Mr. Sunil to elaborate more on our financial performance. 
Thank you. 
Sunil Kumar:   
Good morning, everyone. For the quarter ended 30th September 
2024, India revenues have increased to INR 1,086 crores, up by 16% 
from rupees INR 934 crores in Q2 FY24 and operating EBITDA has 
increased to INR 233 crores with a margin of 21.4% compared to INR 
157 crores in Q2 FY24 with a growth of 48% year. PAT post NCI for Q2 
FY25 is at INR 97 crores compared to INR 50 crores in Q2 FY24 with a 
growth of 95% year on year.  
For the Half-year ending 30 September 2024, our India revenues have 
increased INR 2,088 cr. up by 18% from INR 1,772 cr. In H1 FY24 and 
our operating EBITDA has increased to INR 410 cr. with the margins of 
19.6% compared to INR 285 cr in H1 FY24 with the growth of 44%. PAT 
post NCI for H1 FY25 is at INR 171 crores compared to INR 91 crores 
in H1 FY24 with a growth of 88% year on year.  
For the quarter ending 30 September 2024, our EBITDA margins have 
grown by more than 450 bps, increasing from 16.8% to 21.4% year on 
year. This growth is driven by several factors, like the hospital and 
clinic segment has achieved over 19% revenue growth with the 
margins expanding by more than 400 bps from 19.8% to 24%. Our 
matured hospitals, which contribute 72% of our hospital and clinics 
segment are now operating at an operating EBITDA margin of 25.9%. 
Revenue growth in this segment stems from a combination of 
increased volumes across our hospitals and 11% rise in ARPOB and 6% 
improvement in ALOS, alongside revenue assurance measures which 
we have taken. The growth in operating EBITDA is a result of various 
optimization initiatives across our hospitals. Our material cost 
percentage, excluding wholesale pharmacy, has steadily decreased 
from 25.3% in FY22 to 22% in FY24 and further to 20.3% during Q2 
FY25, marking a 500 Bps efficiency improvement over three years 
period. Additionally, manpower cost and overheads have contributed 

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   7 
 
through operating leverage to the EBITDA growth. Aster Labs reached 
breakeven in Q4 FY24, with margins increasing to 3.4% in Q1 FY25, 
further to 11% in Q2 FY25. This impressive turnaround has been 
fueled by strong 41% year-on-year growth in external business, 
improved operating leverage, and middle cost efficiencies.  
For the half year ended 30th September 2024, our capital expenditure 
totaled INR 161 crores, with approximately 65% spent towards 
expanding our capacity. We have operationalized 100 beds in MIMS 
Kannur during the quarter and over the next three years, we aim to 
further add nearly 1,900 beds, with the majority of these being 
brownfield expansion to ensure that there is not much dilution in our 
margins. Optimized capital allocation coupled with margin 
improvement; our ROCE has experienced a significant growth. ROCE 
surged by 390 Bps year on year, reaching 18% at consolidated level. 
On hospital and clinic segment, ROCE rose to 23.8% from 20.1% in H1 
FY24. Matured hospitals saw an impressive increase in ROCE by over 
530 bps, reaching 32.4% in H1 FY25.  
As of now, Aster India Net Cash stands at INR 988 crores as on 30 
September 2024. On that note, I conclude my remarks. We would be 
happy to answer any questions that you may have. I now request 
Puneet to open the question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Puneet Maheshwari:   
Thanks, Sunil. We can now move on to the Q&A session. Before 
moving on to the Q&A session, I would also like to request to all the 
participants, if you can introduce yourself with your name and the 
company that you are associated with before asking the questions. If 
you are not associated with any company and you are an individual 
investor, you can highlight that also. Moving on to the Q&A session. 
The first question is from Mr. Sanjay Shah. Mr. Sanjay, if you can 
unmute yourself and introduce yourself as well. 
Sanjay Shah:  
Yes, I think I am audible.  
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Yeah, you are audible now. 
Sanjay Shah:  
Thanks for opportunity. And Sir congratulations for a decent set of             
numbers and very nice presentation too. So, my question was 
regarding growth trajectory what we are highlighting that is we are 
adding 1800 beds. Can you highlight upon what will be the capex 
required for it and which are the geographies where we plan to 
increase our bed capacity? 
Sunil Kumar:  
Thanks, Sanjay for the question. Yeah, as we put across, we are adding 
something around 1,800 to 1,900 beds in Aster India, out of which 100 
beds, which we were supposed to add in Kannur, that's got 
operational in the Q2. In addition to that, in the Kerala Cluster, coming 
down from the north, in the Calicut, we are adding 75 beds, which is, 
again, an existing hospital with 500 or 600 beds there. In addition to 
that, Aster  Medcity Kochi where we are at a 750 beds, there we are 

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   8 
 
adding 100 beds. As of now it's almost ready and we have also got 
occupancy certificate and we expect it to operationalize sometime 
this month end. Coming down further south, Aster Capital is another 
hospital which we are adding in Trivandrum. This is Greenfield 
Hospital. It's a overall 600 bed hospital but phase one we are adding 
450 beds. Coming to Karnataka and Maharashtra cluster, in Karnataka 
you know already that 350 beds of Whitefield Hospital which is 
operational, we are adding another 150 beds there as a brownfield 
expansion, which is expected to get operationalized sometime this 
year, or later part of it. Then also in the Aster CMI Hospital, which is 
again a 500 bed hospital with a 65 to 66% occupancy, we are adding 
another 350 beds there. So, this is the broad expansion which is 
happening. In addition to that, Medcity considering I told that we are 
already adding the 100 beds in the current month, we also started 
working on adding another 100 beds specifically for a physical 
medicine rehabilitation. That is expected to come in next two years' 
time. In terms of CAPEX, for the current 1,800 and 1,900 beds we are 
talking about, that's going to cost us something like INR 1,450 crores 
(the total Capex) and out of 1,450 crores, almost two hundred and 
fifteen to two hundred twenty crores already been spent so balance 
thousand two hundred fifty crores is going to be spent in the year 
FY25, FY26, FY27. Sanjay hope that answers your question. 
Sanjay Shah:  
Yes, helpful sir helpful thank you and so my second question was 
regarding we have seen some good uptick on our ARPOB, especially 
on Kerala side and Karnataka side. So can you highlight upon how 
the trajectory is ahead of this and this ARPOB is more coming from 
our specialty businesses where we offer to the patient or there is 
addition of some international patient or there is a price rise.  
Sunil Kumar:  
So, Sanjay, ARPOB growth if you look at history, sometime in the last 
5 years, if you look at our historical growth in the last 5 years CAGR, 
we have been growing at 9% average and here you can see 12% we 
have grown H1 and around 11% ARPOB growth which has happened 
in the Q2 FY25. Even if you look at the, Karnataka cluster or the Kerala 
cluster, there also you get a double digit ARPOB growth. Now with this 
ARPOB growth there is multiple factors to it. First one should be the 
price increase because that is something which we take every year. At 
the same time, it's not we spread it across the units right, based on 
the geography to geography we take the decision. So somewhere 
between 3 to 3.5 percentage will be your price increase. In addition to 
that, we also initiated a lot of revenue assurance measures. See, 
considering we have 19 hospitals today, last two years we've done a 
lot of work from the IT part of it to consolidate our HIS, consolidate 
our ERP, consolidate our service and item master.  
With this, we are trying to leverage on the volumes what we have and 
trying to do a revenue augmentation by looking at what are the billing 
services which are missed, what about the service laddering, all these 

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   9 
 
things we have brought into the picture, which has helped us to drive 
at least 1% of our ARPOB through that. In addition to that, I would say 
major other part also is basically your ALOS. ALOS has decreased year-
on-year almost by 6%. That is also one of the very important factors 
which is driving the ARPOB growth. In addition to that, scheme 
patients, if you recall, Calicut almost a year back, we used to do a 
scheme offer of something like 8 to 9%. Now it has gone down at least 
by 300 to 400 bps. Even in Medcity, we reduced the scheme patients 
by almost 400 bps.  
So, considering all these things have really impacted the ARPOB 
growth. Now looking at the future, even if you look at our payor-based 
bps also, in H1, we are growing. Even walk-in patients or cash patients 
have grown by 20%. Your TPA patients have grown by 30%. At the 
same time, your scheme patients have reduced by around 11 to 12%. 
So, all these factors have helped us to ARPOB growth, and we're 
considering still our majority of our business comes from non-metros. 
We still see a good scope for our ARPOB growth, at least 7% to 8% in 
the medium term. I'm talking about three-to-four-year span period. I 
think in average, we should be able to still grow at 7% to 8%. 
Sanjay Shah:  
That's great. Sir, my last question was regarding Andhra and 
Telangana, where we see still a growth where we can bring in. So 
how we see that sector panning out for us on occupancy side also 
and ARPOB side? 
Sunil Kumar:   
So, I can start with the first part, maybe Ramesh can come in to that. 
So, if you've seen historically Sanjay, Andhra Telangana has been, 
during the COVID they did really well, but post COVID they were not 
able to scale up, you know, basically the occupancy rate of it. And 
that's also specifically because they are perceived as a more like a 
cardiology hospital. Even today, 35 to 40% of their business comes 
from the cardiology or cardiac sciences per se. Now that we are, last 
year we rebranded that into Aster Ramesh Hospital and also we are 
trying to add more specialties like multi-specialty, then the, trying to 
bring the Pediatric and Women's Health. All these things are really 
driving the growth.  
And you will see long, for a long time, at least last two years, we were 
stuck at occupancy of 50%. But now you can see a uptick in both 
Ramesh hospitals also and the Telangana cluster also, where, what 
you can see, occupancy has really gone up to almost 56% for the H1 
FY25. But we still see a good scope to grow here. And one important 
thing which has happened is that last two years, the EBITDA has been 
stuck at 10% to 11%. But you can see a very good turnaround which 
has happened in the Q2, Q1, we were at something like 10.9% 
specifically. The clusters moved to almost 15-16% in the Q2, with the 
average EBITDA margin of something like 12.9% in H1. So, we see that 
this has got a very good scope. Even today, ARPOB is very low at 
30,000. It's got, again, year also, we've got a very good scope to 

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   10 
 
increase the ARPOB further. Keeping this in mind, this particular, 
basically the Andhra and Telangana cluster, which is today at 15% 
EBITDA, it should go to above 20s. So that is something which is 
achievable and sustainable. Ramesh, you want to add to that? 
Ramesh Kumar:   
Yeah, so moreover, if you look at the split between Andhra, that is in 
Vijayawada, primarily it is a cardiology center. So, we are trying to 
enhance all of the multi-specialty verticals also into the cardiology 
center. So that we are expecting good growth in Vijayawada. Guntur 
is a 350+-bedded facility. Guntur is a larger facility and has a bigger 
multi-specialty hospital. So we are expecting a good traction in Guntur 
and also focus on oncology business. So ARPOB increases and we are 
looking at a good footfall coming in.  
The other two centers, especially coming down further, Tirupati. 
Tirupati is another center where Narayanadri we have entered O&M. 
And in fact, there is a significant growth which has happened from 
hardly around 2 or 3 crores within a year's time because we have 
doubled the revenue of Tirupati. A good amount of traction 
happening there and of course we have a, since prime is a smaller 
facility of 150 bedded, we are trying to scale up that also with the case 
mix. So, there is a good potential, we are looking at the case mix, we 
are looking at the ARPOB, to increase the ARPOB also, and also being 
matured hospitals, a few of them, and we are trying to increase the 
EBITDA margins as well. 
Sanjay Shah:   
That's great, sir, really helpful. Thank you very much, sir. Thank you 
very much. 
Alisha Moopen:   
I just wanted to add to that point, Mr. Sanjay, what you are saying. 
Even for the future, when you look at it, we have announced our new 
300-bed hospital in Hyderabad which is a specialized women and 
children. So, we are very bullish about the market. We believe that 
there is scope and having sort of a specialized center for women and 
children to further enhance sort of the portfolio we have in Andhra 
and Telangana as well. 
Sanjay Shah:   
Thanks for updating and I congratulate new members both joining 
the board and good luck, thank you for replying to my questions 
Puneet Maheshwari:   
Thank you Sanjay. The next question who's asking is from Damayanti 
from HSBC. Damayanti, can you unmute yourself and ask the 
question?  
Ms. Damayanti:   
Yeah, hi, I hope I'm audible. This is Damayanti from HSBC Securities 
and Capital Market. So, my first question is continuing the discussion 
on margin pickup, which we have seen during the quarter or in first 
half. So, you mentioned in AP and Telangana cluster margins can go 
upward of say 20% or so and in the existing Kerala and Maharashtra 
Karnataka cluster it's already at mid 20s. So, if you can talk a bit 
about how we should see margins moving up in the more mature 

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   11 
 
clusters from here on, say from 25% level or so. How or what is a 
potentially margins can go up to and very broadly, if you can also 
talk about some of the initiative which you believe can really push 
margins from current levels also. And how should we see margins in 
say next two or three years? 
Sunil Kumar:   
Sure, thank you Damyanti for that question. Yes, with respect to 
margin, we can see that specifically, at least on the H1, we are closed 
at a consol level of 19.6% operating EBITDA and a hospital segment at 
22.8%. There is at least 300 to 400 basis points improvement which 
has happened year on year. And it's specifically driven by two, three 
levers. Majorly, it's our material cost. Material cost has gone more 
than 200 bps efficiency we have brought in there. And if you look at 
quarter two itself is at 20.3%. But if you ask me, do you think there's 
a still scope to reduce? Yes, there's at least another 100 bps can 
further material cost can be done, which is in the coming years. Next 
to another efficiency which brought us in the, specifically the 
manpower cost. So, manpower cost was, we see at least, 90 to 100 
bps is reduced.  
And again, as I've been calling out previously, also saying that with the 
increase in occupancy going on and with the Brownfield expansion 
which we are doing, you don't really need to add across the 
employees, across the board. You need to only add the bedside staffs, 
other than that, you don't have to expand in the leadership team or 
the admin staff. To that extent, we keep on going to increase the 
efficiency. And you'll see that because as I said material cost already 
is leveraged more than 400 bps in last three years. We see the further 
growth will come from the efficiency increase in the manpower cost. 
In addition to that another 100 basis points we're able to expand in 
the overhead also because overheads is more semi variable cost right. 
It's so it doesn't go very linear with our revenue growth to that extent 
we are able to get that benefit also and also one of the reason why 
we're also getting is that if you look at our maturity profile, today 70% 
of our beds are above six years and 72% revenue or 73% revenue is 
coming from the above six years hospitals and there already margins 
are at more than 24%.  
So, considering more assets are getting into mature stage, we expect 
the margin expansion to continue. From an overall perspective, today 
where we are at 19.6%, we can say, at least I'm giving, saying broadly 
next two, three years, we can go to 21% plus, and also at a yearly basis. 
And also, with respect to hospital and clinic segment, which is a core 
segment where 94% of the revenue comes in. There we see that, 
which we are today at 22.8% for the half year. On a full year basis, we 
should go around 24% plus. Even this is all numbers that I'm putting it 
across, including the addition which we're doing. So, if you're not just 
adding it, then it could go faster. But at the same time, there is no 
dilution happening because they're all EBITDA accretive. And that's 

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   12 
 
where we see the EBITDA margins to expand in the next two to three 
years’ timeline.  
Damayanti:   
Sure, that's helpful. And I understand you had some restructuring 
done at the wholesale pharmacy segment also. So, if you can talk 
about it and how do you see that business from your overall service 
or offering perspective? 
Sunil Kumar:  
Yeah, see wholesale pharmacy, it has got two segments. We call that 
as a business unit one and business unit two, business unit one is 
something which we acquired almost three years back. So that has got 
more of a B2B business and a B2C, basically you're talking about a 
trade business also. So that continues to grow at 10% year on year. 
Another business, another vertical which we added after purchasing 
or acquiring that is the BU2. Basically, this segment is to drive the 
back-end purchases for our retail business. But we have seen that 
handling the backend pharmacy from our end, it is, logistically, it is not 
really creating more benefit or creating operating leverage in terms of 
expanding our EBITDA margin. That's where we thought that why 
don't we outsource it and that's where six months back we did the 
outsourcing of that. To that extent, you're seeing there's a dip in 
revenue, but at the same time, it's benefiting us by reducing the 
EBITDA losses in the wholesale pharmacy and also giving us the overall 
EBITDA margin expansion across the Aster India level. And we expect 
from the wholesale future point of view, as I said, the BU2 is 
completely outsourced so we can only look at whatever revenue is 
saying is 95% is coming from the business unit one and that's expected 
to grow at 10 to 12% year on year.  
Damayanti:   
Sure. And my last question is for Ms. Alisha. I think you mentioned 
like you have induced several board members and management 
team also. So, do you have plan to hire a new CEO for India operation 
or do you think the current team is good enough to sustain the 
current operations? 
Alisha Moopen:  
Yes, Thank you, thank you, Damayanti. So a really good point. Really 
good question. So definitely we've had these new board members, 
including some of the promoter members like Zeba, Anoop have 
joined. And they've been involved now in business reviews, strategic 
oversight, they're supporting the unit heads, Ramesh, the CEOs and 
the COOs and function heads. The business seems to be doing quite 
well for us. We have said that, you know, it's very important for us to 
have the right team in place. We do have very strong unit leadership 
and functional leaders at play right now. We would look at maybe a 
CEO in the future. Right now, we seem to be scaling up quite well. 
Ramesh is doing a great job along with the rest of the team. We didn't 
want to rush into this because this is a very key role for the 
organization. We believe that the team at hand is more than capable 
of delivering what we've committed to for this year and we will re-
look at this maybe over the next a few quarters. 

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   13 
 
Damayanti:  
Sure, thank you. Thank you for your response. 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Thanks, Damayanti. The next question is from Mr. Krishnendu Saha. 
Krishnendu, can you please unmute yourself and introduce yourself 
also? 
Krishnendu Saha:  
Can you hear me? yeah, yeah, this is Krishnendu from quantum 
mutual fund and advisors. Most of the questions are answered. But 
so quickly, but on the on the slide 35, we were looking at the 
Karnataka and the Maharashtra cluster. The inpatient volume in like 
24% of growth. So just trying to understand the results of the 
business to say, understand what this is on a H1-to-H1 basis YoY, 
there's a 24% YOY growth in inpatient volume. What explains that? 
And on, what do you call it, on number three slide, we have 545, 
4,900 and some beds. 
Sunil Kumar:  
Yeah, thanks for the question. If I understood the first question with 
respect to the slide 35 where we’re talking about the growth in 
inpatient, right, so more than 20%. What it's very important to know 
that you know majorly the growth is coming from the Aster Whitefield 
Hospital. If you recall we were only operational two or three years 
back only the women children block which is 50 beds and balance 300 
beds came into operational only in the October 2023.That's the major 
growth that came in the current year which was not there in the H1 
FY24. Otherwise we are still growing at 11 to 12% in the other than 
Whitefield Hospital.  
Krishnendu Saha:  
Yeah, and on the revenue per bed side, if the insurance penetration     
increases from 30 to 50%, you see that revenue per bed being flattish 
or you still take a price increase because the rack rates for insurance 
will be a little bit lower. So, what is your thoughts? 
Sunil Kumar:  
See, if you look at our IP ARPOB, right, not overall ARPOB, and we 
break into cash and TPA, we don't see much of a difference at all. Even 
for negotiations, we give a hardly single digit discount to that, right? 
So even with that in mind, ARPOB doesn't really showcase basically 
because your insurance patients come for a high-end case mix, and 
also, they usually offer a twin-sharing or single room. So that's where 
your ARPOB is going to be always, almost equal to your cash ARPOB. 
That is first thing. But even if you look at the year-on-year growth rate, 
we, as I said, very correctly called out, 27% contributions moved to 
30%, and also from the growth point of view added growth of almost 
34% year-on-year for the H1. But we don't expect the ARPOB to be 
flattish because these insurance companies yes we don't do every 
year renewal but every two year renewal we do it and whenever we 
do a two year renewal we always get an inflation more than double 
digits, it's always offset of 10% so as long as that is happening and case 
mix is improving and the bed mix is improving, specifically the TPA 
patients, we don't expect any degrowth in the ARPOB. It is going to be 

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   14 
 
quite strong, even in that least in the next three to four years’ 
timeline, which I could say.  
Krishnendu Saha:  
And you don't see, you face any competition from, say, Telangana 
and other regions where there's a lot of hospitals. Do you see any 
pricing pressure out there? It is comfortable for you to take a normal 
3-4-5% price increase? 
Sunil Kumar:  
Yeah, we don't see any, see if you look that way every metro you can 
see 4,000-5,000 beds getting added in the next 3-5 years, right. So 
even with that always the price increase because you're not taking a 
10-12% right, you're talking about a 5%-6% price increase where 
ARPOB impact is only 3 - 3.5. So that will never be a real burden to the 
patient. And considering that we don't see any pressure in not doing 
the price increase. And it's, as I said, we are not doing something 
where double-digit pricing is around 3 to 3.5. It's very decent price 
increase which we can do. And we continue to do that.  
Krishnendu Saha:  
And last two questions. Your capacity is 4,994 beds, but occupancy is 
2,491. So, I'm just wondering but the average occupancy on slides 
are something else. What, what, am I getting something wrong out 
here? 
Sunil Kumar:   
No, no, no. Okay, let me explain that right. See, 4,994 beds is a 
capacity beds. This is a good combination of census and non-census. 
Yeah. Okay. The census beds would be something like 3,800 to 3,900 
beds. Balance 1,100-1,200 are the non-operational or non-census. 
Non-census means we are talking about emergency beds, daycare 
beds. These are all revenue generating beds. But you do not take for 
a midnight census. So that is anyway optimal. In addition to the 3,800 
beds which I talked about the census beds, out of that only 3,689 is 
operational. Balance another 150 which is there basically we have got 
another 50-60 beds in Madegowda Hospital, another 50-70 beds in 
our Whitefield Hospital, another 50 beds in our Guntur Hospital. So 
these are the census beds which we need to operationalize, which we 
always do. But what you are seeing is very right. I hope that answers 
your question. So, occupancy is always calculated on the operational 
census beds.  
Krishnendu Saha:   
 I see that the 2000s or whatever the number is, they thought    non-
census beds, some of them are still not operational also. 
Sunil Kumar:    
              Yes, around 150 to 200 beds. 
Krishnendu Saha:  
Last question from my side. So, your average ALOS is like 3.2, right? 
And Kerala is 3.1. So, we can, how low can we go? Do we go for 3.1 
is the max or is like 2.9 is what we can, is there a part in the head 
that we can go to 2.9, 2.8? So, like that's stretching it a lot but is it 
possible because we are already at 3.1 at Kerala so is that the 
benchmark? What is the number out there?  

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   15 
 
Sunil Kumar:   
Yeah, if you ask me, I think we are literally quite efficient in that ALOS 
so 3.1, see if you're doing a only tertiary care or secondary care you 
can go up to 2.5-2.6 but we are doing more quaternary care 
procedures including the transplants, robotic surgeries, high-end 
surgery, 3-3.1 is a really good number to stay on.  
Krishnendu Saha:  
That's why your ALOS also has a higher number. Sorry, ARPOB has a 
higher number. Thank you for your time, thank you very much 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Thank you. Thanks, Krishnendu. The next question is from Mr. Sumit 
from Centrum. Sumit, can you please unmute yourself and ask the 
question?  
Sumit:  
Am I audible? 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Yes, you are audible. 
Sumit:  
Thank you for the opportunity. Congrats on good set of numbers. So, 
I just want to understand about the margin aspect from the cluster 
point of view. So, margins in Karnataka are better than like for the 
Kerala clusters. So, what is driving this and like how should we see it 
going forward over the short term to medium term? 
Sunil Kumar:  
See, now if you look at the margins, I think Karnataka is very similar to 
Kerala. If you look at H1, yes, there is a 100 bps difference. But if you 
look at only Q2 performance, I think both clusters are at 25% margins. 
Now, one very important thing we all have to understand is that 
EBITDA margins are very much leveraged to your ARPOB. If your 
ARPOB is higher, your margins always go up. For example, Kerala, 
which is ARPOB of the average of 40,000, where you have a range 
from North Kerala to 30,000 to 50,000 plus in Aster Medcity Kochi. 
You know, the 25 is a very good margin to be at a consolidated level, 
at the cluster level. Now, when you look at Karnataka and 
Maharashtra, where ARPOB are as high as near to 58,000 to 60,000 
where some of the hospitals even do 70,000 ARPOB. I think this has 
got a very good potential to further grow. If you ask me, 25%, which 
is there today, it has got potential to go even near to around 29%-30%, 
but because that's a leverage on the ARPOB. In addition to that, one 
of the limitations I see in Kerala, in addition to ARPOB, is the higher 
minimum wages. For example, nurses in Kerala cluster, we pay 
approximately 30,000 to 32,000 as staff nurse, where in Karnataka, 
you pay somewhere between 18,000 to 20,000. So, it has got a dual 
issue in Kerala, where you have got a ARPOB lower than Karnataka, at 
the same time, minimum wage is higher. So that limits the margin 
expansion to the extent potential which Karnataka cluster can do. 
Sumit:  
Okay, so going forward, let's say so Karnataka would be the major 
cluster which would be driving the margins and how should we see 
AP cluster also faring in terms of margin expansion?  

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   16 
 
Sunil Kumar:  
Yeah, Karnataka as I said, it'll always have 300 to 400 basis points 
higher margin than Kerala. At the same time, I'm not going to say that 
margins already peaked in Kerala. Margin expansion is still going to 
happen because we see still efficiencies in some of certain of the some 
of the cost lines which we can do it. Coming to Andhra Telangana 
because you know the performance has been subdued for last a 
couple of years and now things are really picking up in the Q2. We can 
see here also the margins can settle somewhere in the mid 20s.  
Mr. Sumit:  
Okay, okay understood sir. Thank you. 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Thanks Suman. Thanks for that. The next question is from Mr. Kunal 
Randeria from Axis Securities. Kunal, can you please unmute yourself 
and ask the question? 
Mr. Kunal Randeria:  
Yeah, hi. Good morning. My first question is on the Kerala cluster. 
The occupancy is hovering around 78 to 80% and I think around 340 
beds are coming next year. So, do you run the risk of a potential 
slowdown in the coming quarters? 
Sunil Kumar:  
Thank you, Kunal. Maybe Ramesh, you want to take the question? 
Ramesh Kumar:  
Yeah. So it is pretty much as you see that it is we are talking around 
77% occupancy and I'm sure in the days to come, I don't think so there 
is a slowdown I would say, It has got to do with the seasonal 
fluctuation. If you can see, especially the Q2 had a little bit of a slight 
because of the seasonalization and also the festive season across 
Kerala. So, we have seen that slightly the occupancy has gone. But in 
the days to come, I'm sure there will be definitely there is a surge is 
what we are expecting. And the season is back and we would expect 
the occupancy to go up. 
Mr. Kunal Randeria:  
No, no, sorry. My question was occupancy is already pretty high and 
it's actually very difficult to breathe the 80% mark and new beds 
would be only coming next year. So, you would run the risk of not 
meeting the demand because you don't have the beds. 
Ramesh Kumar:  
So, so right now with there are two large facilities if you look at Aster 
Medcity in 10 days’ time we are opening another additional 100 beds. 
So, there I think it will ease out. And Kannur, which is already around 
100 beds, we are nearing 100 beds, we have opened now. So that is 
easing out. So, I don't think so we should have, except in Calicut, there 
also we are trying to shift few other facilities and understand trying to 
bring in some more additional beds in MIMS, Calicut as well. So, these 
are the three large hospitals and we are already taking action on that 
and we are opening up these beds.  
Alisha Moopen:  
So Kunal, if I can just come in here as well. See, we've, while the sweet 
spot is 75 to 80 percent, we've also been able to manage in Kerala 
because of the demand, like exactly like you said, closer to 90% as 
well. So we don't think in the next couple of quarters there would be 

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   17 
 
a slowdown because the operational efficiency that the team 
manages is quite good. So, we should be able to kind of continue with 
a higher occupancy in Kerala. Anoop, I don't know if you want to add 
anything to this. 
Anoop Moopen:  
I think basically the question was whether we would have sufficient 
beds to meet the demand. I think, correct me Kunal, if that is what you 
are trying to ask.  
Mr. Kunal Randeria:  
Yeah, that was my question because 340 beds are only coming next 
year, right, so and you already at close to 80. Yeah. 
Anoop Moopen:  
So, see basically when we are running at this capacity, so you know 
when there is a gap we open up for the scheme and try to fill up that 
gap. And when we are running at full levels, we try to focus more on 
other areas where, you know, we would reduce on the scheme and 
more on cash patients and things. So that's how we balance the 
occupancy levels and our performance. 
Mr. Kunal Randeria:  
Got it. Got it. That's helpful. Second question again actually is to 
Alisha. Alisha, now you know several family members are on the 
board. So, I'm just wondering if you could share what the roles and 
responsibilities, how are they divided? 
Alisha Moopen:  
Yeah, sure. So, Kunal, as, once the segregation actually happened, we 
were talking about how there needs to be a double down effort on 
scaling up our India business, of course. So, the way we have kind of 
divided from a promoter family perspective, at least, the involvement 
is much more on a strategic level. So, I work a lot with the function 
heads, whereas Anoop is more focused on the Kerela cluster and Zeba 
is more focused on the Karnataka cluster along with Ramesh. So, the 
idea was how can we make sure that we are deciding the best strategy 
for each of these regions. Anoop has spent a lot of time in Kerala, 
understands that market very closely. Zeba is someone who studied 
in Karnataka, has worked there, understands that market and again is 
a doctor. So, looking at the medical strategy, something which is her 
forte. Anoop is someone who is an engineer. Again, when you're 
looking at projects and looking at the expansion of the new project, 
that's something where he's definitely able to add his expertise. So, 
we come in more as supportive roles. The performers are all the team 
that's on the ground full time dedicated to this but we felt that with 
this segregation, it was important for us to kind of enhance or sort of 
make the strategy a bit more laser sharp, and which is where both 
Anoop and Zeba have come in. And, of course, the IDs also, who have 
some of them who used to be with us, who have come back to sort of 
talk about what should be Aster's strategy to be sort of top three in 
the country, right? And we felt like we needed more inputs and more 
support to get to that pole position which has been Chairman's goal.   

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   18 
 
Mr. Kunal Randeria:  
Sure. And so, Alisha, if I can ask you on this, as far as your bandwidth 
goes, is it more on the India business or you are still heavily involved 
in the GCC business? 
Alisha Moopen:  
No, I'm very involved in the GCC business because I am the Managing 
Director for the GCC business. So yes, it's like I said, the business is run 
with the local team in place between Ramesh, the cluster heads, the 
CEOs, the function heads. We feel India is running on a very good 
trajectory with the teams that are there. We come in more from a 
strategic support perspective. How do we look at allocation between 
the different regions, which departments to focus on. So I think 
definitely having Zeba and Anoop join has been a great support 
system as well.  
Mr. Kunal Randeria:  
Perfect, that's helpful. Last question for Sunil. I see in the balance 
sheet, I've seen the sharp increase in ROU assets and these liabilities. 
So what has led to this? 
Sunil Kumar:  
Yeah, thanks Kunal. So, with respect to ROU and, even the lease 
liabilities, right, it's both are interrelated. We were at something like 
700 odd crores, I think, as on 31st March, 2024. And after that, if you 
recall, we added signed off two agreements, right, lease projects. One 
is the Aster CMI, it's already a lease project, if you recall, which is 500 
beds. We added, we are adding another 350 beds, right. beds right so 
you know that is a liability which will create because you're going to 
pay additional rent to the 350 beds and again it's a 20-year lease right 
so to that extent you have to create ROU there itself you go I think it 
came to around 350 to 400 crores and balance another 250-300 crores 
coming from our women children hospital that is I think we signed off 
sometime in September, September 22nd if I'm right and that has 
kicked in in the quarter closure of 30th September. That's again you 
know 300 bed hospital again with a 30 to 31 year lease so that lease 
payments have present values been created as a ROU and lease 
liability. So these are the two major assets which we added in the H1 
which has increased the lease liabilities and the ROU by almost 600 to 
700 crores.  
Mr. Kunal Randeria:  
Got it and if I can squeeze one more sorry, the tax rate has gone up 
in the last couple of quarters, the P&L tax. So, what has led to it and 
what should we model going forward? 
Sunil Kumar:  
See, we had this, you know, 35 AD benefit for quite long. Like Medcity 
is where we had a huge carry forward losses and we've been utilizing 
for last almost 10 years now. And I think in the last year also, we 
moved from the tax regime from old to new. So, considering most of 
the carry forward loss has been utilized until last year, now we are, 
you know, caught back to the usual tax rate of between based on the 
legal entity, right, either 25 or 22%. And that's where you can see a 
effective tax rate of near to 30% now, right. So I think that's expected 
to continue unless you know because also we are not adding new 

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   19 
 
assets in the listed entity, we are adding the new assets in the 
separate subsidiaries to ensure that cash flow management is quite 
efficient. Keeping that in mind, I think current tax rate should 
continue. 
Mr. Kunal Randeria:  
Got it, Thank you and all the best. 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Thanks, Kunal. We would like to highlight that we will be giving 
preference to attendees who have not asked a question before. So, in 
that line the next question is from Mr. Prateek Poddar. Mr. Prateek, if 
you can unmute yourself and ask the question please and can you 
please give your background as well. 
Prateek Poddar:  
Yeah, hi, this is Pratik from Bandhan AMC. A couple of questions, one 
is on the women and children hospital, which is starting in 
Hyderabad, how should we think about this? Is it this new practice 
area which you want to develop and scale this up from a medium-
term perspective and from a payback period perspective would this 
practice area be a faster payback period versus with a multi-
specialty? That's question number one. Second is, when I read the 
press release you talk about nine hospitals getting this digital 
standard published by NABH, maybe you could just spend a bit of 
time and explain what is this, does it result in better operational 
efficiency or better customer satisfaction and lastly on labs and 
pharmacies business I think you called that out just from a 2-3 year 
perspective how should we think about this business? These were the 
three questions here.  
Alisha Moopen:  
Thank you. Hello. Ramesh, do you want to come in on the women and 
children as a specialty for Aster?  
Ramesh Kumar:  
This women and children hospital at Hyderabad we are looking at as 
the state of art you know the first we wanted to have the largest 
hospital of that center to make up presence front and we thought we 
should have all the specialties of pediatric in the center and ensure 
that it becomes the point where we can address to all kinds of patients 
coming into the system, the pediatric patient. And also, women as far 
as the gynae part is concerned, we wanted to have one of the best 
experience as far as have the state-of-the-art good rooms and 
facilities to ensure that they have a good experience in the center. So, 
that's a thought process. We want to make it as the best center in 
Hyderabad. 
Prateek Poddar:  
Payback periods? And from a, let's say, medium-term perspective, 
would you want to scale this up? In the sense, would you want to 
add more of this practice of these hospitals in other clusters? 
Ramesh Kumar:  
We would like to, we will be adding as such. We have done this 
women and children Aster in Bangalore, Whitefield. So that itself is a 
big success for us and which is almost running at 80% occupancy. From 

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   20 
 
there now I think we are looking at Hyderabad and other centers also 
we will be looking at this model.  
Prateek Poddar:  
And the payback period is faster, right? 
Sunil Kumar:  
Payback period, you know, it all depends on the ramp up, but should 
be in the range of 9 to 11 years.  
Prateek Poddar: 
Sure. The second question was on the nine hospitals which were 
accredited with the digital standards published by NABH. Maybe 
what does it lead to? Does it lead to operational efficiency or 
customer satisfaction? 
Ramesh Kumar:  
It leads mainly to operational efficiency. It gives us the kind of, it's a 
standardization what we have achieved. So earlier we didn't have any 
kind of this kind of audit happening. So, with the support of NABH, I 
think we are able to come up with that this kind of standardization 
across all the units. 
Prateek Poddar:   
And could you quantify the operational efficiency? 
Ramesh Kumar:   
I mean it can be as good as anything to do with a discharge summary 
in a visit. Are we able to monitor the discharge timing where it leads 
to patient satisfaction. So, we are able to integrate all these factors 
together and see that we are able to deliver kind of a better patient 
satisfaction and operational efficiency. 
Prateek Poddar:  
 
Got it. And I think there was one question. 
 Alisha Moopen:  
Yeah. On something like this discharge that Ramesh was talking about, 
right, I think we have realized that is one of the biggest pain points. 
Prateek Poddar:  
Yeah, I agree with you. 
Alisha Moopen:  
After everyone is done with the surgery and all the post-op 
discussions, right? So, it is a bit hard to quantify exactly. We believe 
that we look at it from a customer experience point of view. So that's 
one part of it. But like what Ramesh said, in terms of standardizing 
care, standardizing protocols, there are big intangible benefits of that, 
right, from a quality maintenance and consistency perspective. 
Prateek Poddar:  
Got it. The last question was on labs and pharmacies business. A part 
of it was called out in terms of unit one. But just from a three, four 
years perspective, medium term, how should I think about this 
business unit? I know it's very small for you today. 
Sunil Kumar: 
Yeah, yeah, see even when we envisioned lab and pharmacy, 
particularly idea was never to create a chain out of it, right? But our 
core business is going to remain the hospitals, but we're always 
looking from the continuity of care point of view. That's where you 
know you will see that in the current quarter, the Q3, we will be 
launching the app also, wherein we are going to consolidate the OP 
consultations, OP to IP conversions, the IP patient journey, and the 

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   21 
 
labs, post-discharge labs, sample collections, reporting, then the 
acute and chronic care patient pharma delivery. That is the whole 
concept why we even got into labs and pharmacy. And you'll see that 
labs and pharmacy, both are in the states where majorly we are 
present right there's a hospital. Now labs you know inherently it's a 
high margin business and that's one of the reason why we were able 
to quickly break even in the last year and now margins of course get 
to double digit in Q2 and again this margin can go beyond 20% 
provided the non-Aster business because this Aster labs you know 
provides services to our own hospitals by creating more efficiency. At 
the same time, does the third-party business also, right? So today, last 
year, it was 23% of our component of the lab business was from the 
non-Aster business. Now this year, already in H1, we've gone to 28%. 
So, the idea is that next two to three years’ time, we want to move 
this 28% to near 50%. If we can achieve that, we're looking at a margin 
above 20%. And again, it doesn't require too much of capital infusion 
because already we have 14 satellite labs. We don't expect to add any 
more processing labs at all. It's only the collection centers which we'll 
be worried on. And once the app kicks in, we should be concentrating 
more on the home care business. Now moving on to the pharmacy. 
Pharmacy, you know, it's inherently a, low margin business. So, we 
don't expect to do a double digit margin anyway. We are talking about 
somewhere in a mid-single digit right. So, keeping that in mind we are 
trying to break even there. That is what we will see. We are not 
expanding the pharmacies and everything. We kept it around 200 odd 
so and now the way we did the lab break-even expecting to break-
even to happen in the sometime in near FY26. 
Prateek Poddar: 
 Very helpful, very helpful. Thanks so much. 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Thanks, Prateek. The next question is from Mr. Nikhil. Mr. Nikhil, can 
you please unmute yourself and introduce yourself and ask the 
question? Nikhil, you are on mute. 
Nikhil: 
 Am I audible? 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Yes, you are audible. 
Nikhil:  
Thanks for giving me the opportunity. Most of my questions have 
been answered. So, I would just like to ask you, update on 
acquisition, like what are the acquisitions are we looking at? Are we 
still planning to expand in the UP side? And that's pretty much it. 
Alisha Moopen: 
Hitesh, do you want to come in here?  
Hitesh Dhaddha: 
Yeah, sure Alisha. So, regarding acquisition, you know, we keep 
evaluating opportunities. You know, I think the objective is to take the 
leadership position in the South India market where we are already 
second largest. And there are certain states where we can expand 
more presence while we have strong presence in Karnataka, Tamil 
Nadu, Andhra, Telangana. There are states like Maharashtra and Tamil 

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   22 
 
Nadu where we can expand ourselves further. So, I think these are 
geographies that we would like to kind of look at M&A opportunities 
and we continue to explore those. But I think, as of now, there's 
nothing that we can really talk about from the kind of, commitment 
perspective.  
Nikhil: 
Okay, sir. And I would just like to ask you about the MVT business, 
like how are we planning to grow the MVT business? Are we like 
looking to increase our proportion in the revenue?  
Alisha Moopen: 
Yes. So, that's definitely something which we keep working on. 
Because MVT business for us, especially for Medcity and CMI has been 
quite significant. So, Ramesh, do you want to just come on on how we 
are looking at enhancing some of the existing as well as new markets 
we are opening to? 
Ramesh Kumar:  
Yeah, true. So as far as MVT business Kerala is concerned, we have 
90% of our business coming from Oman and Maldives. So, that is 
continuing and it will continue to grow and a little bit of African 
markets and we are also right now looking at Bangladeshi as a trend 
down into our Calicut and little bit into our Medcity as well, so that 
has slow down a bit as we know that there are some issues which are 
prevailing in Bangladesh. As far as Bangalore is concerned or 
Karnataka I would say, more or less we have almost the GCC markets 
patients coming in and mainly from a few of the African markets also 
we have a lot of patients coming in. Kyrgyzstan and Iraq is another 
place where a few patients are flowing in for oncology and mainly for 
onco business and for our neuro business as well. 
Nikhil: 
Okay sir, thank you for the details. Sir, I would just like to ask like in 
the last call like we said that we are in talks with our promoters in 
Andhra Pradesh and Telangana. So those talks did materialize in this 
quarter, I guess. So, are we still looking to increase the efficiency 
there? And can you just throw some light on that area? And can you 
provide a summarized outlook for each of the clusters, if it is 
possible? 
Sunil Kumar: 
So Ramesh, you want to answer the first one? I can come on second. 
Ramesh Kumar: 
I didn't hear clearly the very first point. 
Sunil Kumar: 
I think he's referring to the Ramesh hospitals. So let me add to that. 
So Nikhil, you're looking at how are we doing a turnaround, right? So 
yes, you know, today the SHA very clearly talks about, you know, day 
to day operations run by the Ramesh hospitals and our investment is 
more strategic and we control the board. And also as we've been 
talking about strategically to discuss with them that how to improve 
the top line and how to improve more efficiencies. And I would agree 
with their point that that's exactly working for us. That's where you 
can see the Q2 business which is ramped up. And again, when you 
look at the growth also, you can see across the board, you can see 

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   23 
 
multispecialty growing up because that was not the strong suit 
considering cardiac was capturing more than 35 to 40% of the 
business. And also, we're seeing the periodic business increasing quite 
well there. So keeping all this growth expanding, is that's where with 
even the small increase in the top line, we're able to see a big 
movement in the EBITDA margin. And with this we continue to have 
the top line growth in the further quarters, Ramesh hospitals have got 
the capacity to reach somewhere on a upwards of 20s as an EBITDA 
margin in next two to three years timeline.  
Nikhil: 
Yes and can you please provide a summarized outlook on each of the 
cluster if it's possible? 
Sunil Kumar: 
On the margin bit of it? 
Nikhil:  
Yes like on the margin bit of it.  
Sunil Kumar: 
Yeah, so I think I tried to cover in the previous one. So, you know look 
at the Kerala market I told you that that ARPOB is lower than the 
Karnataka cluster market. And also, the manpower cost is again 
comparatively higher to the K&M cluster. Keeping it in mind, Q2 
already they have achieved a 25% margin and H1 is almost near to 
23% plus EBITDA margin. And we see that going forward, it can go 
upwards of 25% also because we are adding capacity across the board. 
As we said, we operationalize 100 beds in Kannur, we are going to 
operationalize 100 beds in Medcity this quarter, and Trivandrum is 
going to kick in and there's a Calicut expansion which we have 
planned. So keeping that, we keep adding that beds, we are 
expanding, we expect that EBITDA margins to be expanding there. It 
may not reach to the Karnataka level but at least, it should go beyond 
25%. Now coming to Karnataka and Maharashtra cluster, considering 
it has got a higher ARPOB as compared to the Kerala cluster. And also 
the lower minimum wages keeping in mind. We should currently, 
which is again at a Q2 25% specifically driven by a very good 
performance by Aster Whitefield Hospital where their EBITDA margins 
are reached to near 20s there. So, with that, we expect at least to go 
at least 300 to 400 points higher than the Kerala cluster. And Andhra, 
I told you that today, which is at a Q2 something like 15 to 16% EBITDA 
margin, it should go about 20% in a couple of quarters or at least two 
years’ timeline. 
Nikhil: 
Ok Sir, that's it for my side. Thank you and all the best for future. 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Thanks, Nikhil. The next question is from Mr. Alankar from Kotak. 
Alankar:  
Yeah, I thank you for the opportunity. First question is more of a 
follow-up to one of Prateek's questions. What is the current split 
between pediatrics and maternity at the Bangalore Hospital? And do 
you expect a similar split at the upcoming Hyderabad one as well?  

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   24 
 
Ramesh Kumar:  
So you're talking about the current occupancy and the trend in 
Bangalore?  
Alankar: 
No, no, the revenue split between pediatrics and maternity at the 
Bangalore hospital.  
Ramesh Kumar: 
Yeah, so, presently we can say around, 5 crores, which is out of that 
25 crores and 30 crores in Whitefield’s. So, you can approximately say 
around 3 to 4%, 5% of our business is women and yeah children put 
together it should be around 8 to 9% of the total revenue at both the 
hospitals. I mean what has happened at Whitefield and of course 
multi-specialty centers. In this Whitefield hospital since the concept, 
we have built on women and children that is slightly the concept is 
very well accepted attached to that next to a multi-specialty center. 
So, we have a better traction there than compared to a complete 
multi-specialty center having women and child inbuilt into the system. 
So, with this successful concept is what we are looking at Hyderabad, 
which is a standalone center which can give us a good revenue on a 
standalone for a mother and child. 
Alisha Moopen: 
So Alankar, I mean, I'll also just come in here. So, in Kotakkal, we had 
a multispecialty hospital and then we opened up a women and 
children wing. In Whitefield, what we have done is we started with 
women and children because that was the availability of space, and 
then we've added other departments. Like what Ramesh has said, 
you've got now 25 crores coming from the entire unit, which is 
oncology and all the other specialties. Hyderabad is slightly different 
in the sense that it is an independent women and children hospital. 
There is it is it is going to be the biggest in Hyderabad, you know, even 
bigger than the Rainbow One, which is there. And the focus is on 
maternity, on pediatrics, all the subspecialties, aesthetics, infertility. 
So, it is in that sense as being a fully independent unit, it would be our 
first. We started with that in Whitefield, but then, of course, 
Whitefield does have the full expansion that has come on board with 
all the other specialties. So, I'm not sure if you would directly be 
comparing that would make sense. But Sunil, just to talk about the 
split between pediatrics and women in both of these existing facilities, 
would you be able to give that or do we need to go back to Alankar?  
Sunil Kumar: 
Yeah, no, Alisha, yeah, we can give that number. So, if you look at the 
CMI Hospital, we do around 7% of women's health and around 3 to 
4% on the children care. And I was saying the reverse, children care is 
around 6 to 7% and women's health around 3 to 4%. When you go to 
RV, 5% is the pediatric care, what we do, and another 4% is the women 
care. And when you look at the Whitefield, the child and adolescent, 
that the pediatric specialty does around 8.5%, and women's health, 
that does almost 7%. So that is a number. But as you rightly called out, 
at India level, when you look at, we do at the 6%, the women's health, 
and 6%, the pediatric bit of it. But Hyderabad very clearly called it's 
independent facility where it's independent women and children 

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   25 
 
hospital where 70% of the revenue is expected to be driven by 
pediatric and only 30% from the women care and we're going to have 
a super specialty and subspecialty mix in all the pediatric whether it's 
a cardiac surgery or it's a gastro or ortho and also state of the art NICU 
and PICU also. So that's what we're expecting for in the Hyderabad. 
Alankar: 
Thank you, that's helpful and just so this is through the built-to-suit 
model because the construction is I mean the hospital is opening 
pretty quickly, and its lease, so ? 
Sunil Kumar: 
Its warm shell, So, this is a building of almost 3 lakh square feet. It is 
existing building. We were. It was ready to be converted into an office 
space or alternative. You know commercial. So considering that this is 
really suited for our needs, we were able to convert that into a women 
children hospital. Now what we have to do, why it's going to be early 
is that because already the whole structure, warm shell and the high 
side is completely ready. So it's only going to take one year or even 
less than that just to put the interiors and equip with the medical 
equipment’s. 
Alankar: 
Understood. Thank you. The second question, Alisha, for you in the 
first call, in the last call rather you had spoken about looking to 
merge with a platform to accelerate growth. Does this still remain a 
priority for us and should we look at the CEO hiring which you said 
could happen in the next few quarters if required in conjunction with 
any potential M&A? 
Alisha Moopen: 
So, Alankar, you know, we have been looking at various opportunities 
over the last six months. Still early for me to come back to you yet. 
Hopefully, in the next couple of quarters, we will have, we'll be more 
crystallized and we'll have better clarity on that. So the point on the 
structure and looking at the CEO hiring will also depend on some of 
the transactions which, you know, we're exploring at this stage.  
Alankar: 
Understood. And are you still evaluating a potential entry in UP? 
Alisha Moopen: 
Specifically, not right now, no we are not. 
Alankar: 
Okay, fair enough. And maybe one last question from my side. I 
mean while our performance in this quarter has been very strong 
and congratulations for that, we have seen some senior level 
attrition in Kerala and Karnataka. We just wanted to understand the 
attrition is in which functions, anything to be worried about any 
impact you see in the future. Thank you.  
Alisha Moopen: 
No, Alankar. I think, I mean, as the system is growing and as people 
have been performing, of course, we expect some level of churn to 
happen. As I mentioned earlier also, we do have a very strong local 
team in most of the units. It's not specific to any function or any 
specific unit as such, even the attrition. We had a few attrition in 
Kerala, but they're split between some in MIMS, some in Medcity. We 

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   26 
 
have been also hiring, so there are some senior level resources coming 
on board to Kerala soon. So, you will hear about that also hopefully in 
the next call. But nothing that we are worried about. Performance 
seems very strong, solid. The team has been a team, the brand, 
everything seems to be kind of moving in the right direction as far as 
we are concerned. 
Alankar: 
Great. Thank you and all the best. That's it from my side.  
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Thank you. Thanks, Alankar. The next question is from Mr. Harith from 
Avendus. Mr. Harith, can you please? 
Harith: 
Hi. Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. The first question is 
on the labs and pharmacies segment where you have disclosed 
around 70 crores revenue for the quarter. So, can you provide a 
breakup between the two verticals, the lab business and the 
wholesale pharmacy business for the revenues?  
Sunil Kumar: 
So pharmacy business you are referring to the Q2 or H1 Harith?  
Harith: 
H1 is fine. 
Sunil Kumar: 
H1 may whatever the number is there from that 66 crores is related 
to the labs with a 5 crore EBITDA that is amounts to 7.5%, margin and 
balance is related to the wholesale pharmacy.  
Harith:  
Okay, thanks. And the operating margins that you reported this 
quarter for the hospital business of around 24%. Can you comment a 
bit about the sustainability of this number especially given that we 
are adding almost 300 beds in the second half. So, what I am trying 
to understand is whether there is a benefit of seasonality in this 24% 
number and we should expect some normalization in the second 
half?   
Sunil Kumar: 
See Harith, you always follow the healthcare, right? So, Q2 is always 
going to be the strongest. So, again Q1 is the weakest because at least 
in our case we have got the Ramadan and what you call, you know, 
the school holidays and everything quarter one is always up to quarter 
two with the rains everything coming in multi-specialty does really 
well but if you look at our growth from the across the specialties right 
multi-specialty grew at 24% cardiac sciences has grown by 20 
percentage then the neuro sciences has grown by 23 percentage or 
oncology has grown by almost 27 percentage and even our pediatric 
care across the board has grown by 20%. So you can see it's a mix of 
multispecialty and the super specialty which has grown. And now 
whether that 24% is sustainable? Yes, it's sustainable. Because we are 
talking about only 24, not like I've not achieved just yet 30. But 24% 
again as I called out in the initial stage, a majority of it has come from 
the material cost. And material cost is one of the lowest today because 
we're able to drive a good compliance across the board, very good 
support from the business units. And that is able to leverage to the 

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   27 
 
restricted bands. And that has really further helped us to get in a 
negotiated and good procurement mode. So, keeping all these 
benefits, I think we got still the expansion happened to in the further 
efficiency in material cost of another 100 bps.  
Manpower is a major thing because you saw the Capex slide wherein 
at the bed addition may almost more than 50% is coming from the 
brownfield addition. So, these brownfield addition helps us in 
leveraging the manpower cost. That's a very big way because today 
we ramped up in Kerala very specifically very quick and you can't 
rationalize or bring efficiency when you're ramping up in a very quick 
manner. But with brownfield expansion, as I called out, you don't have 
to hire a leadership team. You don't have to hire the admin people. 
You only need to ensure that the current existing capacity which you 
utilize and wherever required to add the bedside staff, that's it. So, 
with that happening, margin expansions are going to happen because 
I can see still another 200 or 300 basis points coming from the 
manpower cost. And as I said, in that overhead already we have done 
100 basis points. And again, further, there is another, I would say, 50-
100 basis points coming across. But yes, all these things will take time. 
That's how you can see in the last few quarters how the efficiency 
slowly is kicking in. But yes, Q2 was a revenue jump, was very quick. 
But Q3, Q4, also you don't expect anything major downfall or upside, 
because festivals are there. But we've got a very strong occupancy 
running in October. We expect the performance of Q2 to continue.  
Harith: 
Thank you, Sunil. And last one, Alisha, just a follow up from Alankar's 
question. The discussions you alluded to with private equity 
investors and then various platforms, can you clarify if those 
discussions are still ongoing or, have we decided to focus on organic 
growth plans for now? 
Alisha Moopen: 
Harith, so discussions are still ongoing. I think I just don't have 
anything to disclose per se. So we are continuing to explore the 
various options. So, the goal is to kind of scale up. So we're trying to 
see what's the best way for us to do that. 
Harith: 
All right. Got it. Thanks, Alisha. That's all from my side.  
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Thanks Harith. The next question is from Mr. Amrish. Mr. Amrish, can 
you please introduce yourself and ask the question? 
Amrish Kacker: 
Hi, I am Amrish Kacker, individual investor. My first question is on 
Telangana again, on Hyderabad. Is it reasonable to assume that this 
hospital's margins and ARPOBs will be closer to Karnataka than it is 
to the Telangana-Hyderabad cluster? So effectively over a longer 3–
4-year period we might even see the margins further enhance 
compared to what Sunil mentioned? 
Sunil Kumar: 
So Amrish, thanks for the question. If you are referring to our Aster 
Prime Hospital in Telangana.  

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   28 
 
Mr. Amrish: 
No, no so the new children…. where are they? Yeah, so the margins 
on that 
Sunil Kumar: 
Again, see that's again a inherently a very high margin business, right? 
You're using the peer groups to do more than 30% margin, right? So 
it's very clearly a 30% margin business with again profile mix is very 
good. You got 50% cash, 50% TPA and if you have a very good state of 
the art NICU, PICU, IVF and a birthing center, we expect to have a very 
good margin, very similar to Bangalore.  
Mr. Amrish: 
And therefore, you'd mentioned that we're heading to 20% plus in 
the cluster. This will probably enhance that as and when the hospital 
matures, right?  
Sunil Kumar: 
Yes, because if you look at individually, yes, it should achieve it, but I 
was giving guidance of two to three years wherein hospital you have 
to start something here, right? And with the Andhra cluster put 
together, I was giving that guidance. 
Mr. Amrish: 
Okay, thank you. Second one is just a minor comment on the O&M. I 
think we've taken out O&M, the asset light O&M revenues and 
margins. I understand it's a very small part of our business. Is that 
sort of an indication we should take that this is probably not the big 
big thing we want to swing for in the next few years we've got bigger 
opportunities? 
Sunil Kumar: 
Let me put across on the number then I can ask Ramesh to come in. 
See with respect to O&M business we for the quarter or the Q2 be 
achieved a business of around 40 crores and EBITDA margin of around 
7.7%. So still our Tirupati Hospital and PMF Kollam is a strong suit, 
they're really doing well. And our Madegowda Hospital in Mandya and 
Aster Mother Hospitals in Areekode almost near to break-even, right? 
So, they're not bleeding, but overall we are at a 7.7% margin. And with 
respect to expansion, we don't either, we also pre-called out, 
considering the ARPOBs are lower and EBITDA margins will be lower. 
ROCEs are better, right? Double digits, ROCE. To continue, we want to 
stabilize this one before we look at expanding further. Ramesh, you 
want to add anything on the O&M asset light? 
Ramesh Kumar: 
Yeah, yeah, right. You said that there are, the good thing is it's an asset 
light model and as Sunil has mentioned, if you really look at, I mean, 
assets are yet too, go into the full throttle and the ARPOB is slightly 
lower. A few challenges are there being a tier two or tier three city. 
And usually, the challenges are retaining the clinicians and then 
making them perform. So high-end work, clinical work would not 
happen there. So, it would take its time to really stabilize and then 
show a very good growth. So, we are just looking at the model now 
slowly, a few of them have started performing and some of them are, 
it depends on the geography. So, we are yet to decide on how the 

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   29 
 
model would be taken off, but still, we will be exploring because that 
is a lot of opportunity happening in tier 2 and tier 3 cities. 
Mr. Amrish: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Thanks, Amrish. So, we have next person in line Mr. Krishnendu again 
who has joined back in queue. Krishnendu, you can unmute yourself 
and ask the question if you have any.  
Mr. Krishnendu: 
Yeah, yeah, just thanks. Just a clarification to the numbers. So we are 
adding another 630 beds of odd beds next year, 639 beds. They are 
all on lease. So for FY26, what would be the increase in lease amount 
ROU which will be added and opposed that, do you think that the 
addition to the ROU will go down? That's the first question.  
Mr. Krishnendu: 
The second question was, could you give a sense of what would be 
the, what do you call, let me put beds for government hospitals in 
the South Zone?, what kind of, this is just for my knowledge.   
 Sunil Kumar: 
Yeah, so with respect to your first question on the FY26, right, yeah, 
639 beds we are adding. That's basically coming from the Kasargod, 
which is leased, but in MIMS Kasargod, we have not leased the 
warmshell, we have leased the land. So that land is leased for almost 
60 years from right. So, you don't expect any major rental cost at all 
because we are not doing the complete building there. So, it's only the 
rental what you are paying for the land. So, you can expect a very least 
hit from the rent point of view. Calicut again, it's a small capacity of 
census beds, but you are adding, again you don't expect any major 
amount coming in. But yes, women and children care. See, when we 
stabilize usually at a stabilized level, when you reach a very good 
optimum capacity utilization and a good revenue, you can expect a 
revenue share or revenue share is not there, but lease amount or 
rental amount should be somewhere between 4 to 5%. But if you want 
a number directly, you're talking about, you can take approximately 
50 rupees per square feet for 3 lakh square feet rental and take an 
inflation for every three years at 12 to 15%. That will give you the 
number.  
Krishnendu: 
That's the cash flow but how much could I add to the ROU say in 
effect? 
 Sunil Kumar:               
Almost 250 crores 250 to 275 crores is what we added.  
Krishnendu: 
That's what we could add. 
Sunil Kumar:                                That's what we added. That's what we added Krishnendu. If you look 
at 31st March to 30th September our lease level ROU is increased by 
double  from 700 to 1300 odd. So it has got two numbers one is the 
250-300 crores coming from the what you call the women children 
hospital, Hyderabad and second one is from the Aster CMI expansion 
from Bangalore. 

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   30 
 
Krishnendu :                           
So and on top of that we add another 250 next year ? 
Sunil Kumar:                                    No there will be no again addition because whatever signed off you're 
talking about see we're talking 1800-1900 beds we are giving a 
pipeline whatever is already agreement signed off the solid kicks in 
into the balance sheet immediately so there is no addition coming in 
unless we sign off a new agreement.  
Krishnendu :                                  Okay so for FY26 or 27 onwards the ROU just depreciates that's it 
and interest comes out from that and last question about the ARPOB 
on the government hospitals in south and on how are the numbers 
look like?  
Sunil Kumar:                                  We do very less right we do….  
Krishnendu :                           
No no I’m not talking about Aster I’m talking about government which 
is such a large portion of the healthcare the government hospitals, 
what are the ARPOBs just for my knowledge is nothing so just want to 
know any idea you're referring  
Sunil Kumar: 
but maybe I don't know, 20,000 maybe nothing more than that.  
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Thanks, Krishnendu. If anyone of other attendees would like to ask a 
question, please pick up and raise your hands. Okay, so we have one 
more. Mr. Naman, could you please unmute yourself and ask the 
question? 
Naman: 
Hi sir, this is Naman from Nine Rivers Capital. Just two small 
questions. First, in the pledge which we had alluded to the last 
quarter and it will be gone by the end of the year. So, any update on 
that? And second, on the tax rate on the quarterly basis, the tax rate 
seems abnormally high. So, what is the normalized tax rate we can 
expect for the full year or the next few years?  
Sunil Kumar: 
Naman, I didn't get the first question, but the second question with 
respect to effective tax rate, I called out for another question which 
we got during the call. Till last year, we were able to get the benefit of 
the old regime and the carry forward losses. So, that has been 
exhausted. So, during that time, you know, we used to be an effective 
rate of somewhere between 12 to 14%. Considering this year that the 
whole, you know, carry forward loss has been completely exhausted, 
we need to end up paying the tax. That's where you can see it's 
jumped to almost 29 to 30%, but future you can look at somewhere 
between 25 to 30% will be your effective rate.  
Naman: 
Got it. And first question was on the pledge which we have on our 
shareholding. So, it seems around 90% of our shareholding is backed 
by the pledge. So, on the last call we had alluded that it would be 
gone by the end of the year. So, is there any update on that?  
Alisha Moopen: 
Yeah, so Naman, I think we mentioned last time also, it was just a high 
pledge because of a technical reason where the company, I mean 

 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited - Q2 FY25 Results Earnings Conference Call                   31 
 
where the promoter shareholding is based out of. It's sort of reduced 
significantly now. It was a bridge loan during the time of the 
transaction. We are refinancing it right now. So, by the end of the 
year, like I said, we should, this should be restructured. 
Naman: 
Got it, thank you. 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Dear all, due to the time constraints, I would like to mention that we 
will conclude our earnings call for this quarter for Aster DM Healthcare 
now. I thank the management and all the attendees for joining us 
today. If you have any other questions or queries, please get in touch 
with us. Thank you. 
Everyone: 
Thank you, thank you. Bye 
 
 
 
<End> 
The contents of this transcript may contain modifications for accuracy and improved readability. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
