                    
 
 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
CIN: L32201MH1964PLC013085 
75, General Block, MIDC, Bhosari, 
Pune 411 026, India 
Tel: (+91-20) 63110110 
Web: www.divgi-tts.com 
 
Ref.: DTTS/Sec/24-25/73 
 
November 21, 2024 
 
To,  
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001  
 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code – 543812 
To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
"Exchange Plaza" 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C-1, G Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400051  
 
NSE Scrip Code - DIVGIITTS 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call held on November 18, 2024 
 
Ref.: Regulations 30 of the SEBI LODR Regulations 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Further to our letter reference no. DTTS/Sec/24-25/65 dated November 07, 2024, pursuant 
to Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“LODR Regulations”), 
please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on 
November 18, 2024, in respect of the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024. 
 
The transcript can also be accessed on the Company’s website at the following link: 
 
https://divgi-tts.com/earning-call-transcripts/  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sanika Nirgude 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No: A71466 
 
 
 
Enclosed: As above 
SANIKA 
SURENDRA 
NIRGUDE
Digitally signed by 
SANIKA SURENDRA 
NIRGUDE 
Date: 2024.11.21 
12:10:53 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Results Conference Call” 
November 18, 2024 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 18th November 2024 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JITENDRA DIVGI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – DIVGI 
TORQTRANSFER SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MR. HIRENDRA DIVGI – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – 
DIVGI TORQTRANSFER SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MR. SUDHIR MIRJANKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – DIVGI TORQTRANSFER SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MR. DEEPAK VANI – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – 
DIVGI TORQTRANSFER SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
SGA– INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISORS – DIVGI 
TORQTRANSFER SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MIHIR VORA – EQUIRUS SECURITIES 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
November 18, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited Q2 FY 
'25 Results Conference Call hosted by Equirus Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantee of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mihir Vora from Equirus Securities. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Mihir Vora: 
Thank you, Shweta. Hi. Good morning, everyone. So, on behalf of Equirus Securities, I welcome 
you all to the Q2 FY '25 post-results call of the Divgi TorqTransfer Systems. From the 
management side, we have Mr. Jitendra Divgi, Managing Director; Mr. Hirendra Divgi, Whole 
Time Director; Mr. Sudhir Mirjankar, CFO; and Dipak Vani, COO. 
 
Without further ado, I now hand over the floor to Jitendra sir for his opening comments. Over 
to you, sir. 
Jitendra Divgi: 
Yes. Thank you, Mihir. Good morning, and a very warm welcome to everyone present on this 
call to discuss the Q2 and H1 FY '25 performance of our company, Divgi TorqTransfer Systems 
Limited. As mentioned earlier, I have 3 of my colleagues with me, our Executive Director, 
Hirendra Divgi; our CFO, Sudhir Mirjankar; and our Chief Operating Officer, Dipak Vani. And 
we, of course, also have SGA, our Investor Relations Advisor. 
 
We have uploaded our presentation on the stock exchanges and the company website, and I trust 
you have had a chance to review that and prepare your questions for this -- to make this session 
productive for all of you. 
 
So, to begin with, let me tell you that in the next couple of months in January '25, Divgi TTS 
will be presenting its next-generation products at the Bharat Mobility Global Expo 2025, which 
is being held at Dwarka, in New Delhi. This is India's leading global mobility show and is a sort 
of convergence of the world's leading automotive OEMs and Tier 1s. We are privileged to be 
part of this event, which will sort of set the stage for the future of mobility in our country and 
the world in general. 
 
There is a Slide in this presentation. I think it's Slide number 13 that gives the details about our 
participation. And I wish to take this opportunity to invite all of you to attend and learn more 
about our products during this expo. So please do visit us and see how our new technology-
driven products will propel mobility in Bharat in the future. As they say, ‘seeing is believing’. 
So do take the opportunity to come and visit us at our stall at Auto Expo 2025. 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
November 18, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
Let me now shift to the agenda for today. I'm going to sort of make remarks pertaining to our 
performance, business updates and also talk about the next-generation transmission products 
where work is underway. -- a little bit about our core transfer case performance and EV business 
and then also hand the proceedings over to Sudhir Mirjankar, our CFO, and we'll then open the 
proceedings for Q&A. 
 
So, as you may have noticed from our presentation, we have made a significant EBITDA 
improvement in the second quarter. And this was based on sort of renegotiating for the lower 
volumes that we are seeing in our business. So, while the sales were sort of flat, I think our cost 
control and the tough work of renegotiating contracts. I must tell you that this was done within 
the framework of the original contracts that we had in place, which had a provision for 
compensation for lower volumes. 
 
So, we took advantage of that and were able to successfully renegotiate for the lower volume. 
In terms of some other achievements, we recently signed an MoU with one of the world's largest 
Tier 1 transmission manufacturer to conduct a feasibility study for producing over 200,000 
automatic transmissions in India. 
 
This is underway right now and will set the stage for future direction of our automatic 
transmission business. The general expectation is that this localization will have to be in place 
sometime in calendar 2027. The localization of automatics is a high priority for the government 
of India as well. And you will hear this buzz if you visit the mobility show in January 2025. 
 
So, I'm very pleased that our study is targeted to try and come to some decisive conclusions that 
hopefully we should be able to share with some of our critical customers starting January. I'm 
also pleased to report that we secured new export business from China, a pretty significant one. 
And we have followed that up with some critical visits of senior members of our sales 
organization to China to explore further opportunities to build on this success. 
 
And with the recent data, if I may say so, and the thaw in the otherwise difficult relations with 
China. It's interesting that we are seeing quite an uptick in the interest which the Chinese are 
showing in the kind of competitive solutions that are available for them from India. And it's a 
matter of pride that our company is in the front rank of Indian companies who are delivering this 
value. 
 
I'm also pleased to report that we have submitted a bid for what is called a 3-in-1 electric drive 
unit for a multinational OEM in India to explore the opportunity to deliver the entire powertrain 
system. You would appreciate that normally such deals are bound by nondisclosure agreements. 
So, I do not have the liberty to divulge more details as to who the players are. But suffice it to 
say that all our assertions are backed up by document objective evidence. So, everything that 
I'm saying here is backed up by objective evidence. 
 
So, it's not a loose sort of pie in the sky assertions that I'm making. So, discussions are underway, 
and this is a very significant diversification of our EV work that is going on. Moreover, we are 
actively advancing many other strategic projects, as I said, including automatics, but also 
focused on dedicated hybrid transmissions. 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
November 18, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
And I think we had briefly reported on this in the last earnings call. And what I wish to say is 
we are currently starting a concept feasibility study because one of the things that has to be done 
is these solutions being highly engineered for the engines of the OEMs. We need to examine 
what is the degree and extent of fuel efficiency improvement we can deliver. 
 
So, it requires very detailed engineering and simulation studies to establish that improvement. 
And if anybody tells you otherwise that they can pick off-the-shelf solutions from China or 
wherever in the world, I think that would be a clear statement to make, a DHT or a dedicated 
hybrid transmission cannot be developed. There's no such thing as an off-the-shelf. It is a highly 
engineered solution for the specific OEM application. Some of the hardware is fungible and can 
be laterally deployed. But a lot of the configuration in the software is actually tailored for the 
specific application at hand. And that is the kind of work that we are currently doing. 
 
So, as you can see, whether it is automatic transmissions, battery electric vehicles or hybrids, 
your Company is very much in the thick of not just exploring opportunities, but actually actively 
doing studies and quoting on business. And I'm pleased to report that on both DHT and battery 
electric vehicle, the 3-in-1 EDU, we have actually quoted on opportunities. 
 
Coming to the overall financial performance, my colleague, Sudhir, will give you more specifics, 
and we'll have a chance to discuss specifics if there are any questions. But as you are aware that 
the past few quarters have been challenging due to several factors. The Indian automotive 
industry sort of faces ups and downs. Our focus being a little niche, I think, has been buffeted 
by some of these pressures. 
 
But there are clear winners and losers in the industries. And the market has been complex and 
unpredictable. Recently, I think other than Mahindra, the other OEMs have faced significant 
either flat sales or significant downward trend. And we, in particular, have been affected by a 
slackening in the EV demand at Tata, which I think is well known in the industry. 
 
And the continuing sort of a lack of growth in the Mahindra 4-wheel drive business. But I'm 
going to address that and in terms of what steps are underway in the Company to address that. 
So, these 2 factors have been the principal factors that have affected and not enabled us to grow 
in the second quarter. 
 
The third important revenue stream that we have under development is component exports, and 
there has been a little bit of a delay, a little bit meaning a couple of months or so in the whole 
approval process because many of these programs are China-Plus-One kind of risk mitigation 
assignments that we have got. And so, the Tier 1s in the U.S. are not necessarily under any 
launch pressure. 
 
So, if it takes an extra month to get their approval, they are taking that, which is why we are 
seeing a little bit of a delay. But approvals, we have obtained all the approvals and production is 
going on full swing at our facilities in Sirsi, in Shirwal and here at Bhosari in Pune. So, I think 
to address these challenges, and I'll go step by step. And if it's not adequate, please do ask the 
questions, and we will make sure that you get all the latest updates as best as we can. 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
November 18, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
So, despite what has happened with H1, we are optimistic about a gradual recovery in H2 and 
continuing on to FY '26. Our forecast sort of shows that because of the sort of slow nature of the 
market, we have to sort of revise the overall forecast for the year. So, while H2 will be about 8% 
to 10% over H1, the overall performance for FY '25 will be more or less in line with FY '24. But 
'26 appears to be more promising because a lot of the work that has come in will stabilize in FY 
'26. 
 
And we get the benefit of the full year then to bring in the revenue. So, I think in components, 
you have already seen the increase. And in a very guarded way, I can say that assuming all the 
things go forward as planned, and our customers don't have last-minute surprises. In Q4 of FY 
'25, we expect revenue share from exports to be about 20% of our revenue. And that trend then 
will continue in FY '26. 
 
I just want to take a moment to address our core transfer case business. As you are aware, our 
main customer launched a 2-wheel drive version to address the competitive trend in the market. 
But the new models that are launching have significant 4-wheel drive. And so, for example, the 
Thar ROXX showed, I think in recent bookings of over 170,000 units, some 30% for 4-wheel 
drive booking. I think this is sort of public domain information. And so that shows that over the 
next several months, there is a healthy order book at Mahindra on 4-wheel drive. 
 
We are also seeing that whatever bottlenecks there were in the supply chain for the defense work 
have been unraveled. And so, in the last quarter, we expect to see a significant uptick in our 
defense work. I am also pleased to report that work is underway to tap global opportunities on 
our transfer cases both in the U.S. and also Southeast Asia. And as we make progress, we will 
provide updates on that. 
 
So, the core transfer case business, core synchronize, our business continues to remain strong 
because the global upheaval in ICE in the several tens of millions that are made means that both 
Tier 1s and OEMs now need very different imaginative solutions to the kind of cost pressures 
that they are facing. And therefore, new solutions have to be designed in their supply chains. 
And I think that is a big opportunity for us. 
 
We have been approached by both OEMs and Tier 1s from Europe in this regard and that 
exploration and investigation continues, not just in 4-wheel drive transfer cases, but also manual 
transmissions and synchronizers. As far as the EV is concerned, I think you are aware that the 
transition to improve fuel efficiency, less emissions continues to reshape the landscape of the 
automotive industry. 
 
So, while challenges such as range anxiety, reduced government subsidies, and insufficient sort 
of charging infrastructure have tempered growth. Our Shirwal plant continues to remain the 
largest EV transmission manufacturing facility in India. I had reported in the last earnings call 
that we have a new model under development for higher power and torque range, which is where 
the industry seems to be gravitating whether you take MG or Tata. 
 
And over the next 9 to 12 months, we hope to add -- not hope, I should say, that's the wrong 
phrase- we plan to add 5 new vehicle models to the portfolio and realize the vision of having a 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
November 18, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
complete portfolio of solutions from about 35 to 40-kilowatt to 120-kilowatt from the little A-
class car to a complete full-size SUV. So both 4x2 and 4x4 electric. So, this portfolio, I must 
add includes only the transmission portion of it, not the electric side, and we continue to work 
with the country's leading motor and inverter manufacturers to help them provide a complete 
solution to OEMs like Tata Motors. 
 
I would also like to report that EV 3-wheeler segment is gaining traction, and it is generally 
acknowledged that in the next few years, 2 to 3 years, maybe the large majority of the 3-wheeler 
industry will be fully electrified. And we are leveraging this opportunity to sort of bring in new 
product opportunities. 
 
This segment is marked by a lot of activity by start-up companies. And it is a segment which 
appears ripe for disruption. There are many -- so the whole industry has been disaggregated. 
You have specialist vehicle designers, you have powertrain suppliers, you have vehicle makers. 
And then, of course, they have figured out different marketing and distribution ideas and 
methods. 
 
So, there is a certain amount of disruption that will happen as a result of this disaggregation and 
it's important that your company is plugged into this segment. As many of you are aware, the 
Indian 3-wheeler industry is the largest in the world. And we don't want to lose the opportunity 
to be a player here and bring in the economies of scale for our business. 
 
So, we have new designs that are under prototyping right now. And we continue to work with a 
variety of players, both I must add in India and overseas because these -- what we -- what the 
Indian 3-wheeler industry needs is also needed by the global ATV manufacturers. ATV refers 
to all-terrain vehicles, or utility task vehicles as they are called UTVs that have the powertrain 
specifications of what you might find in India's 3-wheeler industry. 
 
So, we have both domestic and overseas opportunities in this segment. So, all the different things 
that I've referred to, there is a certain synergy in the area of manufacturing and design in all of 
these areas. So, we are able to leverage the experience that we are gaining continuously as we 
work on different programs and sort of cross-fertilize that into different segments. 
 
I've already talked about briefly the progress we are making in the next-gen transmission 
projects. Next gen essentially means hybrids and automatic transmissions. These product lines 
are marked by a fair degree of hardware design, global supply chain management and software 
complexity. And I'm pleased to report that we sort of continue to remain in the front rank of 
companies in India that are doing this kind of work. I think our projection is that the year 2027 
is a critical watershed year. India will introduce new emission norms in 2027. 
 
So, a lot of the OEMs are under pressure to have their multi approach, multi-pronged approach 
to electrification and carbon neutrality worked out before then. And so, speed of execution is a 
very critical competence that will be needed over the next 2 years. 
 
So, this is a space which is very dynamic. I might even add explosive and needs to be watched 
carefully. 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
November 18, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 
And it's also fairly competitive because we have many Indian companies now that are beginning 
to watch this space, and we also have players from overseas that are coming in. I would say that 
your Company has the advantage because we are one of the few players who has been a 
successful Tier 1 transmission system solution provider. 
 
And therefore, we have the execution capability, demonstrated proven execution capability, both 
in ICE  and the BEV segments. And therefore, I remain optimistic and confident that we will 
pull through with a successful program in the next 2 years. So, I think I've touched upon all the 
relevant points. 
 
Let me now hand over the proceedings to my colleague 
 Sudhir. And if I have missed out 
anything, we are available after Sudhir's presentation to answer any questions that you may have. 
I have myself made some points that I want to. But let me defer till Sudhir finishes his, and then 
we'll take up some additional points in the Q&A session. 
 
So, with that, Sudhir, can you please take over? 
Sudhir Mirjankar: 
Thank you. Good morning to all. Now speaking on the financial performance of H1 FY '25, total 
income for H1 FY '25 stood at INR119 crores as compared to INR135 crores in H1 FY '24, 
lower by 12% on a year-on-year basis. This was largely affected by the lower offtake  in volumes 
from major OEM customers in core transfer case business. 
 
Talking about the revenue mix that transfer case business has seen a degrowth of 29%. Our EV 
transmission business has registered a strong growth of 25% on a year-on-year basis. Our 
component business is consistently performing well, growing by 56% year-on-year basis. It will 
continue to grow further on the back of strong domestic and international order book and top-
notch technology for drivetrain systems and components. 
 
EBITDA for H1 FY '25 stood at INR31 crores as against INR37 crores in H1 FY '24, a year-on-
year degrowth of 17%. Lower volume offtake  led to lower absorption of fixed costs impacting 
EBITDA. EBITDA margin stood at 25.7%. Profit after tax for H1 FY '25 stood at INR14 crores 
as compared to INR21 crores in H1 FY '24, a degrowth of 35% on a year-on-year basis with 
PAT margins at 11.6%. PAT was lower on the back of lower operating profit and higher 
depreciation. 
 
Now coming to Q2 FY '25 performance. Total income for Q2 FY '25 stood at INR59 crores as 
compared to INR73 crores in Q2 FY '24, lower by 19% on a year-on-year basis. It remained flat 
on a quarter-on-quarter basis. EBITDA for Q2 FY '25 stood at INR17 crores as against INR19 
crores in Q2 FY '24 year-on-year degrowth of 13%. It is up by 19% on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis. EBITDA margins for the quarter stood at 28%, improved by 463 basis points on quarter-
on-quarter basis. 
 
This quarter, we regained our margin profile level and expect to maintain going forward. Profit 
after tax for Q2 FY '25 stood at INR8 crores as against INR11 crores in Q2 FY '24, year-on-year 
degrowth of 27%, and it is up by 32% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. PAT margins for the quarter 
stood at 13.2%, improved by 321 basis points on quarter-on-quarter basis. 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
November 18, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
 
That's it from my side. I now can open floor for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have a question 
from Mihir Vora from Equirus Securities. 
Mihir Vora: 
So basically, we saw a very good order book for the Mahindra Thar 5 door . So just wanted to 
understand whether are we seeing initial -- like OEM would have given us an initial order for 
some unit, but do we see a ramp-up there? Like are we seeing an increase in the orders for the 
Mahindra Thar specifically? 
Jitendra Divgi: 
Yes. Thank you. I think that's a very important question. I did allude to the pretty impressive 
order book that they have garnered with the ROXX. It's a double-edged sword because it has 
also affected the 3-door Thar while, of course, registering this impressive number on the 5-door 
version. The way we are seeing and unfold -- there's a bit of an echo -- Mihir, there is a big of 
echo that I'm getting -- maybe somebody needs to put phone on mute. 
Mihir Vora: 
Yes, you can go ahead. 
Jitendra Divgi: 
Yes. So, the total demand that we are seeing out of the first tranche of bookings is over 50,000 
units of transfer cases. However, it's not just the transfer case that needs to be supplied. There 
are other supporting complementary components on the chassis. And I think Mahindra, that 
aspect of their supply chain is a little behind schedule. So, we are seeing fairly flat orders till 
March. Hopefully, after that, there will be a pickup in the numbers. 
 
So, the current situation that we have on the 4-wheel drive business, we expect that to continue 
till March maybe in another 3 months in the -- for the next earnings call, we may have an update 
on where this business is headed. But right now, while the numbers are not up yet, there is the 
assurance that the order book going into next year is stable, maybe even a little on the higher 
side. 
 
And that gives us then the opportunity to continue working on this foundation, looking at other 
opportunities. And as I mentioned, we are looking at opportunities in the United States and 
Southeast Asia that are sort of -- where some of the competition is not looking at these trends or 
the type of products that are needed because I think at low to medium volume, so in the range 
of 15,000 to 30,000 units a year, many of the world's big Tier 1s find it difficult to offer 
competitive pricing. 
 
And that, therefore, opens up an opportunity for us to begin sort of selling our transfer case 
solutions and other 4-wheel drive products globally. So that, in a way, is your answer here. 
Mihir Vora: 
So, got it. And other question was on this long range EV transmission. So where are we right 
now like we supply the low range right now with Tata and on? What is the progress on the long 
range? You mentioned some -- but some bit of more color on that like from when we begin. 
Jitendra Divgi: 
So, I think overall, as a team, perhaps there was a misjudgment in initially concentrating our 
development resources obviously, at the behest of our customers on the lower end of the 
segment. Over the last 1.5 years, gradually, we've seen the market gravitate towards the higher 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
November 18, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
end. So, people want more range, they want more features, they want more power, where -- and 
that segment was given a last priority in the initial development phase of 2022. 
 
So, at this time, those transmissions are still imported from China. But I'm happy to report that 
our prototyping has been successfully completed. We have very successful test results, not 
completed the testing yet, but the most important aspect of the test is what we call NVH, noise, 
vibration, harshness because that is a measure of the refinement of the gearbox. Remember that 
instead of a max 4,000 or 5,000 RPM engine, you have a 14,000 to 16,000 RPM electric motor 
driving the gearbox. 
 
So if it is not designed and manufactured to the needed standard, these units tend to whine a lot. 
And no consumer is going to buy a car where there is this very irritating and objectionable whine 
noise coming out of the car. So that is what makes -- making EV transmissions a bit of a 
blackheart for the industry. 
 
And that is where I think the DTTS team has mastered its craft because while the numbers, okay, 
are certainly disappointing, if you actually look at our execution performance, it is nothing less 
than spectacular. We have 100 on 100 scorecard from Tata Motors and zero PPM on NVH and 
many other quality parameters. So, we have a customer who's very happy with what we have 
done in terms of delivering cost reduction, better inventory management, but also significantly 
better quality standards. 
 
So, we now want to take this across into the higher segments where this new transmission will 
do service on 5 new models. And this is what we will see unfolding through FY '26 and then 
later in FY '27. So at the end of it then, and this development, we hope to conclude by April, 
May of next year, what we will have is a complete portfolio of transmission products that will 
do service from the little Tiago, the Tigor, Punch, Nexon, Curvv, and including 2 new models 
that I think have not yet been announced. So, I shall refrain from mentioning them. But that's 
the way we are positioned. 
 
I also want to say that those are not the -- Tata is not the only customer. We have active work 
going on with other OEMs. I mean you know who the players are. There are players from China, 
Japan, but also overseas, we are working with OEMs for EV transmission. The work there is 
primarily limited to a complete kit of parts rather than the full system. But we are assured of 
capacity utilization. 
 
And on exports, generally, we know that the margins are better. So, while the current results are 
disappointing, we did not expect the Tata portfolio to be at such a low level. But I think it is still 
work in process, and we certainly have not lost heart. And we know that in the next 3 to 4 
quarters, the numbers will go up and go up significantly. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from Kunal Shah from Anova Capital. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes. I just wanted to ask in our hybrid and automated system, can you tell what stage are we 
currently in? 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
November 18, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Jitendra Divgi: 
Yes. So, as I mentioned, we have quoted on the hybrid system. It's a dedicated single speed, 
what's called a single-speed hybrid system. If we are awarded this business, it's -- SOP is 
sometime in '27. On the automatic, there is tremendous pressure on the industry and 3 or 4 
critical players in India, OEM players who are currently importing automatics. 
 
And I think the government is also seized with this issue because there is a disproportionate 
number of automatic units that are being imported when the capability does exist in India to 
make these products. So, we are engaged in, as I mentioned, now a feasibility study for one of 
the largest users of automatics in India who is currently importing these units. To exactly 
understand so it's gone beyond now technical development and all of that. This is real economics 
that's been assessed. 
 
What is the kind of investment that's needed. And it's gone beyond the original 40,000, 50,000, 
60,000. This is numbers that are getting topped up well over 200,000. But even if you discount 
that number for, let's say, greater penetration of hybrids or battery electric vehicles, it will still 
remain a number well over 100,000. So it is not a trifling opportunity. So, we have committed 
to the customer that we will complete the study by the 20th of December. It may take a few days 
here and there. 
 
But as you can see, it's a question of weeks and months. And it is important that this project has 
kicked off in the first few months of '25 because the OEMs want the saving and by '27. Earlier, 
the better, but that is the best that can be done, rather. It will require a 2-year gestation period 
because the capacity has to be put in place. And it's precisely for opportunities of this magnitude 
that we have done this fresh issue. 
 
And so, in a way, we'll come back a full circle and realize the original goal of putting capacity 
for automatic transmission manufacturing in India. So that's where it is right now. I cannot say 
anything more than this because we have strict NDAs with both the multinational Tier 1 and the 
OEMs -- but this is where the status is. 
Kunal Shah: 
And in Mahindra Thar ROXX has got a very good response in the market among all PVs  
actually. So, have we started supplying for the same? 
Jitendra Divgi: 
Yes, we have started. What has happened is the Thar ROXX also has a better price realization, 
marginally 8% to 10% higher price because it is not the same unit. It has to -- it has been designed 
to handle much higher speeds, on-road speeds. All -- the bulk of the Mahindra transfer cases that 
we are shipping now are for the ROXX. But -- and so the 3-door has completely stopped. 
 
All our transfer cases are now going for the 5-door. So -- but the monthly rate has still not picked 
up that you would expect from the initial booking that Mahindra has got. So, we should be at 
around 4,000 a month. And even then it will take more than a year to execute the quantity they 
have garnered in the first booking. 
 
So we understand that, that is because there are other elements and other suppliers who have not 
yet come up to speed, but that will happen in the next few months. So yes, the ROXX -- the Thar 
ROXX is a superb vehicle. It has -- I think it is rated the highest in India now on safety as well. 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
November 18, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
 
It has retained its distinctive styling, and there is nobody else right now in the industry globally 
who can offer such a spectacular package, the distinctive styling at the price that Mahindra is 
able to do. So, we clearly have a winner on our hand. What is interesting is almost 50% of the 
Thar ROXX is also automatic. So, I'll let you draw the implications of this. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes. And in the earlier question, hybrid and automatic systems. I just wanted to know if there is 
any order wins announcement you have to make in those segments? 
Jitendra Divgi: 
No, as I said, not yet we have the statuses that we have quoted on the business. Work is 
underway. And at the right time, we will be making announcements. I do want to add one 
important statement. So, when I say that we are doing something, I want the audience to know 
that everything we say here is backed up by objective evidence, of course, which is internal. 
 
So, it's nothing we have said so far is like a wild blue yonder kind of idea. It is backed by 
objective evidence, and we made our long-range plan only on the basis of concrete things that 
are going on. So, to that extent, I think we are on solid ground. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Kartikeyan from Suyash Advisors. 
Kartikeyan: 
Thanks for the elaborate commentary, opening commentary was quite helpful. Just wanted to 
understand one small piece, there are several irons in the fire. And I suppose there would be a 
critical time point where you notice critical mass. I'm unable to get that you've given some details 
to the previous question also. 
 
So, can you talk about, say, for example, the export business jumping up meaningfully? And 
therefore, when do you see the overall business achieving critical mass also because part of your 
core business is still in a state of flux? Therefore, I'm asking you this question. 
Jitendra Divgi: 
Yes, thank you. That's an excellent question. And I think the answer will help the -- all the 
participants in this session. So, it's like this that on the export front, we have concrete, we have 
quoted on RFQs, okay, for both components as well as transfer case systems, that is a new 
development. In fact, later this month or early December, I am scheduled to travel to Southeast 
Asia to pursue some of these opportunities and to try and bring them to closure. 
 
If the system-level business kicks in next year, we could see exports at more than 30%. Without 
the systems business, the revenue -- export revenue will be well over 20%. I think it's 22% or 
23%. So, there is a whole stream of programs that are transitioning from the development phase 
into the steady-state supply and support sales. These are opportunities in Mexico, in the United 
States, in Europe, in places like Portugal. We have China. We have a little bit going on in Korea. 
And the big one that we are working on is in Thailand. 
 
So, both through '26 and '27, we expect this -- the components business to grow. And we are 
eagerly sort of awaiting the first announcement of a full systems business. But it's still a little 
premature. I'm pretty confident that in the next earnings call, we will have a more concrete 
update to give you. But I can tell you that the global players are taking us seriously. 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
November 18, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
 
And the reason for this is a whole slew of Indian Army vehicles today have our systems. The 
Indian Army does not induct suppliers without extremely rigorous testing that is done in the 
deserts of Rajasthan at sub sub-zero temperatures up at 16,000 feet in the Himalayas. And of 
course, the places like Assam and the Northeast where the rainfall is probably the highest in the 
world. So, our systems have to withstand these rather egregious conditions. 
 
And therefore, suppliers across the world -- OEMs across the world are taking notice when we 
approach them with this track record. And of course, within -- on the civilian side, we've been 
doing this work now for well over 25 years with Tata and Mahindra. So, while the focus tends 
to be on Mahindra, please don't forget that companies like Tata Motors, Force Motors are also 
players in this field in India. 
 
So, we will see this opportunity crystallizing. It is the lowest hanging fruit because there's a high 
state of readiness, there's capacity in the Company. And remember that all this is happening with 
significantly less than 50% capacity utilization. We are still able to turn out an EBITDA of over 
20%. If we exploit this capacity to even like 50%, 60%, the opportunity is -- I leave you to 
imagine what it could be. 
 
So, the answer to your question, export components, we think are on track. Systems is 
something, I think in the last 3 months, last quarter, this has been a major improvement. And on 
the electric side or let me say, next gen, we have work going on in battery electric vehicles. in 
hybrids and conventional automatics. And in all cases, there's a level of down-to-earth 
practicality in terms of the negotiations happening, supply chains being set up, okay? 
 
In terms of the time frame, we are now approaching the end of '24. We have '25 and '26 in front 
of us, 2 calendar years. And a lot of this activity needs to be gathered up and brought together 
to realize solutions through the course of calendar '27. So there is a sense of urgency in the 
industry, in the OEMs and the supply chains. And so through '25, '26, '27, '28, there's going to 
be a tremendous amount of activity that is happening. And one thing I can assure you, these 
earnings calls are going to be interesting. 
Kartikeyan: 
Sir, the other thing is in the initial comments, one point was highlighted, which is basically that 
you've been able to negotiate slightly better terms with the OEMs and that's helping you improve 
your profitability. How exactly does this work, sir? 
Jitendra Divgi: 
Yes. Thank you. That's an excellent question. See, you have seen in the last couple of years, a 
lot of volatility in our business but that is the nature of the Indian market, okay? And knowing 
that, so when we were negotiating the last big -- the last time we were negotiating this with our 
OEMs, in our contracts, we try and negotiate a volume-based pricing scheme to the best of our 
ability. 
 
Sometimes, we don't have the leverage to negotiate this because there's a lot of competition, 
first-mover advantage is strategic, and we need to go with what is presented to us. But in areas 
where we are established players, we know we are the world's most competitive supplier of units. 
We do -- we have a little bit of elbow room to negotiate volume-based pricing. 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
November 18, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
 
So the reason why this volume base was important was because these new programs back when 
we were doing the negotiation in '18 and '19 for launch in the latter half of calendar 2020, the 
investments required were pretty significant, unprecedented levels, because to meet the price 
targets and make vehicles competitive, we had to significantly localize. That required 
investment. 
 
And given the track record of volatility in volume, we said that, look, if this happens, we need 
this premium for volume. And we were able to. So, this is not that some kind of an ad hoc 
impulsive whimsical negotiation because these things sometimes can have a long-term effect in 
terms of your customer sentiment. 
 
But this was a carefully thought through, crafted and sort of negotiated provision in the main 
contract itself that was negotiated early in 2020. And we basically invoked that clause, okay? 
But it had to be adjusted for commodity changes, foreign exchange adjusted  and so it took some 
amount of deft handling by our salespeople to bring this through. So, I will credit them for the 
hard work that they did. 
Kartikeyan: 
And would there be any catch-up available, sir, for lost volumes? 
Jitendra Divgi: 
Yes. I think as they say once bitten twice shy, we are not forecasting a huge uptick till March. 
But long term, the prospects remain. And I'll tell you why I feel so, and it is logical. I would 
argue that in the world today, Mahindra is second to none in terms of its features that it is able 
to offer. And they offer all of this at breathtaking prices when you benchmark them globally. 
 
If I were one of the big multinational OEMs, I'd be really scared of Mahindra because coming 
out of India, if they can show this kind of profitability at India volumes, imagine if they take big 
chunks out of the global volumes, what Mahindra can end up becoming. And knowing the sort 
of josh in that organization, I have no hesitation to say that they will go for it. And so therefore, 
Mahindra, we are a very, very well-regarded supplier in Mahindra. 
 
We have won last 3 years continuously awards for the kind of work we have done in the 4-wheel 
drive system for them. And remember that the Mahindra main strategy core, it's like they've 
gone back to their knitting as it were. They are saying that we are the real SUV makers because 
unlike some other people, they offer the 4-wheel drive feature. And what makes a Mahindra -- 
Mahindra is the Divgi-TTS solution and offering. 
 
So, we do enjoy that visibility, tremendous amount of support and goodwill. And I think it has 
been earned by very good delivery and quality performance at Mahindra. So please bear this in 
mind as you look at -- so yes, it has been disappointing, but we go through these spells. At the 
end of the day, Mahindra had to do what it had to do to stay in the game in the ferociously 
competitive Indian market. 
 
They did this to counter Jimny  from -- and I think they -- you may know the numbers. They 
have very decisively vanquished the Japanese competition. And now they are getting ready. I 
mean, '26, they are launching the global pickup truck. Behind that is the next-gen Scorpio 
further. And we are on all those programs with not just with the transfer case, but the components 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
November 18, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
we supply for their manual transmissions. And hopefully, we might end up doing something in 
automatics as well. 
Kartikeyan: 
Sure. Sir, one last question, sir, if nobody is in the queue, more of perspective. Assuming that 
the U.S.A. goes back on its EPA time lines, as they decided not to go ahead on first Jan '27 or 
whatever, would that change your prospects in any way, positively or negatively? 
Jitendra Divgi: 
For EV? 
Kartikeyan: 
EPA, sir. Environment pollution norms related to... 
Jitendra Divgi: 
So, the United States, we are not -- see, we know the U.S. actually very, very well. I can tell you 
EPA or no EPA, the reality in the U.S. market is that remember, a big part of the U.S. has very 
severe winters, almost 6 months of the year. And in those conditions, lithium-ion battery 
efficiency is very, very iffy and questionable. 
 
So, the U.S. has practically completely transitioned from hatchback and sedans now to SUVs 
and pickup trucks. Pickup trucks in the U.S. are very, very refined stylish products today. And 
Ford, GM dominate that segment. A lot of the component work that we are doing is for this 
segment with Chrysler, with General Motors and Ford. 
 
And as far as I can see from my visits to the U.S., there is no letup in this segment. Those 
vehicles, they are very successful. They provide much-needed jobs and sort of keep the economy 
going. And with the Trump administration in place, everything will be done to promote these 
employment-generating sectors of the economy. And I'm pleased that I think Trump will -- the 
Trump administration will look at India as a countervailing influence to the domination 
established by the Chinese till now. 
Kartikeyan: 
Sure. That is really a context of my question, sir. Thanks very much for indulging me and very 
best wishes, sir. 
Jitendra Divgi: 
But your question, there is a corollary to your question, which is that if this is what is happening 
in the United States, does that affect our EV strategy? And my answer to that is no. We think 
that the Indian market has its own distinctive traits. There are consumer trends which are a little 
latent. There is government legislation that is coming. There are issues of, let's say, geopolitics 
and security related to energy that the government is seized with. 
 
And therefore, this is quite a cocktail, okay? And India will see steady progress in the entire 
electrification movement and towards carbon neutrality in general. And we think the right 
approach for India is a multipath approach to electrification and -- or you could say, carbon 
neutrality, which is why the hybrid and the verdict is still out on which way sort of the -- let's 
say, the ball is going to move, whether it's -- it could be hybrids, it could be BEVs. 
 
MG's introduction of this battery as a service is a very potent offering. And I think it has rocked 
the boat somewhat. And if you look at the numbers for October, these guys have come out of 
the blue and suddenly impacted Tata's market share because for the first time, you had somebody 
else other than Tata registering a sale of something like 3,000 units, which is what MG has 

 
 
Divgi TorqTransfer Systems Limited 
 
 
November 18, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
accomplished. And the Windsor is a very credible and a very potent threat to Tata's, it's almost 
like unassailable dominance they had on EVs. But I'm happy that we are doing work in both 
these OEMs. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would like to hand the conference over to management for 
closing comments. 
Jitendra Divgi: 
Yes. Thank you. I think the Q&A session was helpful. I hope -- I certainly found the questions 
very interesting. And I think the -- having seen last 4 or 5 earnings calls, I feel the Q&A is the 
best. It gives us an opportunity to clarify many things and so that is much appreciated. Thank 
you again for the time and interest all of you take to come for this session. And I hope it was 
educative and informative for all of you. 
 
As I said, the -- this year will continue to remain where it is. But hopefully, the next earnings 
call, which I think will happen in February. Yes. We will have more substantive updates on our 
exports on the global expansion of our transfer case and further updates on our EV and automatic 
transmission initiatives. So, continue watching this space, and I really meant that the next several 
quarters are going to be very, very interesting. So, continue watching this space. Thank you very 
much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Equirus Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You 
may now disconnect your lines. 
