                                                              
 
 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze JeeJeeBhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
“Exchange Plaza” 
5th Floor, Plot No. C-1, G Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
SCRIP CODE : 523367
SCRIP CODE : DCM SHRIRAM
 
Sub: Transcript 
of 
Investors’ 
Earnings 
Call 
under 
SEBI 
(Listing                        
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the Transcript of the 
Investors’ Earning Call on Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the 
Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024, held on November 5, 
2024. 
 
The above said Transcript will also be available on the Company’s website i.e. 
www.dcmshriram.com. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Your faithfully, 
For DCM Shriram Ltd. 
 
 
 
Swati Patil Lahiri 
Acting Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Dated : November 11, 2024 
 
Encl.:  as above 
 
SWATI 
PATIL 
LAHIRI
Digitally signed by SWATI PATIL LAHIRI 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=f9fbae5b394d4f01a33ac472
319133f4, 
2.5.4.20=1f9b058c88258482c3d3533c353
7f0ab63b5bba6b5494b76a99228d70201
4353, postalCode=122018, st=HARYANA, 
serialNumber=5b6597edf266b97d777435
4291a7cdc815726785c2f1bc0bbff46b563
0c9502c, cn=SWATI PATIL LAHIRI 
Date: 2024.11.11 16:08:38 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
DCM Shriram Limited 
Q2 & FY’25 Earnings Conference Call 
November 05, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the DCM Shriram Limited 
Q2 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference, please signal 
an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India. 
Thank you and over to you, Mr. Rangnekar. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you, Dorwin. Good afternoon and welcome to DCM Shriram Limited's 
Quarter 2 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call. 
Today, we have with us Mr. Ajay Shriram – Chairman & Senior Managing 
Director; Mr. Vikram Shriram – Vice Chairman & Managing Director; Mr. Ajit 
Shriram – Joint Managing Director; and Mr. Amit Agarwal – Group CFO of the 
Company. 
We shall commence with remarks from Mr. Ajay Shriram and Mr. Vikram 
Shriram. Members of the audience will get an opportunity to post their 
queries to the Management following these comments during the interactive 
question-and-answer session. 
Before we begin, please note that some of the statements made on today's 
call could be forward-looking in nature and a note to that effect has been 
included in the Conference Call Invitation that has been circulated earlier and 
is also available on the stock exchange websites. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Ajay Shriram to give us a “Brief Overview”. Over 
to you, sir. 
Ajay Shriram: 
Thank you, Siddharth. Good evening and a very warm welcome to all of you 
and I hope you all had a great festive season.  

 
Page 2 of 15 
 
I shall commence with views on the strategic imperatives for our businesses, 
followed by Vikram, who will share the financial perspective.  
The global landscape is currently marked by escalating geopolitical tensions 
and widespread instability. Since 2019, there has been a notable surge in 
trade barriers, indicative of a growing trend towards protectionism. This shift, 
combined with efforts to mitigate risks, is promoting a significant restructuring 
of supply chains worldwide. 
India is in a sweet spot and stands poised to leverage emerging 
opportunities. India continues to maintain impressive growth rates while 
steadily improving its standing across various international rankings and 
indices. 
In today's dynamic business environment, operational agility has become a 
crucial strategic imperative. Our strategic approach is designed to foster 
growth in our core operations through integration, both upstream and 
downstream. We are consciously working towards having backward and 
forward integration as the strategy going forward. This strategy aims to 
bolster resilience, minimize risks, and secure competitive edge along with 
growth, in an increasingly uncertain and competitive landscape. 
To this end, we have unveiled capital expenditure plans focused on two key 
areas; Firstly, the downstream chlorine integration in our Chemicals division 
and secondly, upstream integration for Aluminium extrusion in Fenesta 
Building Systems’ division. 
Sustainability remains key for our operating processes and growth agenda. 
Resource conservation is a core objective for us along with positively 
impacting the communities and environment in which we operate. 
Accordingly, we are further adding renewable energy to the tune of about 74 
MW. This strategic move demonstrates the company's commitment to 
reducing its carbon footprint and embracing cleaner energy sources. 
I will now turn the discussion on key industry dynamics across our various 
businesses.  
 
Chemicals 
During the quarter, global demand for Caustic remained balanced and the 
international caustic prices were stable, however towards the end of the 
quarter the prices have increased led by fears of supply constraints due to 
cyclone in the US & increase in demand in China led by fiscal stimulus. 
Pricing volatility is bound to persist given the volatile geopolitical position. 
India's caustic industry capacity is now around 6.2 million metric tonne and is 
currently operating at a rate of around 75%. This is resulting in an oversupply 
in the market and therefore leading to lower chlorine prices and hence, lower 
ECUs. India continues to be a net exporter of Caustic soda. 

 
Page 3 of 15 
 
The sea freight remains elevated, and this coupled with ongoing Red Sea 
situation continues to impact global trade & exports from India. 
We commissioned our Hydrogen Peroxide plant in the last quarter. Our 
product is being well appreciated & accepted in the market and we are now 
expecting a much speedier ramp up. We are nearing 50% capacity utilisation. 
We have also commissioned a flexi-feed Caustic soda flaker plant that will 
give flexibility to optimize costs and increase exports. 
The ECH plant faced some pre-commissioning delays which are being 
addressed by our technology partners and we are confident of 
commissioning the plant by Q4 FY25. 
We have announced chlorine downstream projects of 100 TPD Aluminium 
Chloride & 225 TPD Calcium Chloride in Bharuch with a capex of Rs 310 
crore at a new site near our existing plant. These projects will get 
commissioned by Q1 FY27 and will enable a chlorine sink of upto 225 TPD. 
The marketing strategy for these products will involve tapping the export 
market and the business team is already in talks for tie-ups for these 
products. 
Vinyl  
Global demand for PVC in the key economies continues to be sluggish given 
the underperforming housing sector driven by elevated interest rates.  
Domestic PVC demand has picked up and recorded 20% growth in H1. 
However, amid structural issues with Chinese economy that is facing crippled 
local demand and surplus product availability, there is a sharp increase in low 
priced PVC imports from Chinese suppliers that is being dumped into India. 
PVC imports accounted for ~70% of total demand in India during H1FY25. 
Recently we are again witnessing increase in freight rates from China which 
may positively impact prices in India. However, I am happy to share that the 
Ministry of Commerce has recently recommended an interim anti-dumping 
duty on seven countries, including China. We now expect the Ministry of 
Finance to approve it in the next two to four weeks.  
With the end of the monsoon season, domestic demand for PVC is expected 
to improve with the resumption of construction activities and agricultural 
demand.   
  
Sugar & Ethanol  
Global sugar supply & demand for SS 2023-24 is expected to be almost 
balanced with surplus of 1 Million Metric Tonne.  
The Indian Sugar season 2023-24 is expected to end with a stock of ~8.4 
million metric tonne with production estimate of 32 million metric tonne. For 
the next season the Sugar production estimate is about 31 million metric 
tonne and demand is expected to be around 29.5 million metric tonne. Prices 
are expected to remain rangebound for the FY 2024-25 between Rs 3850-

 
Page 4 of 15 
 
3950/Qtl, which are not commensurate with the increase in the cost of 
production owing to increase in SAP and climatic conditions in the last 
season. Simultaneously, industry is pushing for increase in MSP of Sugar and 
pushing for export for the next season. 
On the ethanol front, the government has achieved 13.8% blending as of 
September 2024, with 57% ethanol derived from grains and balance from 
sugarcane. Further, the government has also removed restrictions on ethanol 
production from Cane Juice and B-Heavy Molasses. 
We have commenced crushing for the current sugar season. The Sugar 
expansion at Loni unit and the CBG Project at Ajbapur unit are progressing 
as per schedule. 
Fenesta Building Systems 
Fenesta continues to deliver growth supported by volume and value in both 
projects and the retail categories. Growth could have been faster but for the 
temporary sluggish market being faced by building material industry.  
The business is investing into setting up newer revenue platforms and 
enhancing capabilities and capacities to accelerate future growth.  
The aluminium windows sector has been experiencing robust double-digit 
growth. To capitalize on this trend we are making an investment of Rs 149 
crores to establish an Aluminium extrusion facility. The project is expected to 
be commissioned by Q4 FY’26.  By integrating this process into our 
operations, we aim to enhance customer experience by providing end to end 
solution along with delivering reliable, high-quality and innovative products. 
This will improve our cost efficiencies too.  
Moving on, the Agri-Input business portfolio comprises of Shriram Farm 
Solutions, Fertilizer and the Bioseed businesses.   
Shriram Farm Solutions 
SFS has once again delivered double digit top line growth and continues to 
contribute significantly in overall operating profits of the company. This growth 
is driven by volumes across the business verticals, particularly research 
wheat seed. 
Abundant rainfall has ensured sufficient water availability, providing a 
favourable and optimistic foundation for the forthcoming rabi crop season. 
Our continued emphasis on innovation and product development leading to 
unique offerings to the farmers has been instrumental in re-energising this 
business and will continue to be our key pillar for growth momentum for this 
business.  
Fertilizer  

 
Page 5 of 15 
 
The urea business environment continues to be stable. The gas prices have 
inched up slightly. The Company has been making continuous efforts towards 
improvement in energy consumption, maximising urea production as well as 
controlling fixed costs. 
Bioseed  
India operations continue its turnaround journey with help of novel hybrids for 
key crops that were introduced over last few years. International operations 
have contributed well too. We have a robust pipeline of products and we are 
expecting to grow the business going forward.  
I will now request Vikram to take this conversation ahead to cover the 
financials. Vikram, over to you 
Vikram Shriram: 
Thank you. Good evening everyone and wishing you a very happy Diwali.  
I will now take you through the financial highlights of Q2 and H1 FY25. 
Net revenues for Q2 FY25 were at Rs 2,957 crores versus Rs 2,708 crores in 
Q2 FY24, an increase of 9% year-on-year driven by growth across 
businesses. Chemicals, SFS and Bioseed have led the growth for the 
quarter. PBDIT for Q2 FY25 was at Rs 235 crores versus Rs 136 crores in 
Q2 FY24, an increase of 73% year-on-year.  
Chemicals 
The business reported an increase in revenue of 19% year-on-year, led by 
Caustic soda volumes that were up 16%, on account of new 850 TPD facility 
that was operationalized in May 2024. PBDIT increased by 128% owing to 
lower input prices, particularly energy prices and efficiencies from the new 
120 MW power plant. The segment continues to see good demand of caustic, 
however excess capacity in India is creating pressure on product prices 
especially in Chlorine. There was positive impact of about Rs 20 crores on 
account of state government incentive received in relation to projects 
commissioned in FY 2017.   
Vinyl  
The Business saw a decline in revenues by 8% year-on-year on account of 
lower volumes, mainly due to a planned maintenance shutdown in the current 
period. PVC and carbide prices for the quarter were in the range of plus / 
minus 2% over last year. PBDIT improved over last year, led by lower power 
and carbon material costs.  
Sugar & Ethanol 
Sugar & Ethanol business revenue, net of excise duty, was higher by 3% 
year-on-year due to increase in prices of both sugar and ethanol. Domestic 
volumes and prices of sugar was higher by 6% & 3% respectively. Volumes 
of ethanol were lower by 18%, owing to C-heavy operations in the last 

 
Page 6 of 15 
 
crushing season. Prices of ethanol was higher by 10% YoY. PBDIT for the 
segment was at similar levels as earlier. 
Fenesta Building Systems 
Fenesta building systems’ revenues increased 6% year-on-year, led by 
increase in both prices and volumes across projects and retail segments. 
PBDIT for the quarter moderated by 6% due to higher fixed expenses for 
future growth, mainly due to setting up of new product platforms, higher 
marketing expense and enhancing manufacturing capacities. 
Shriram Farm Solutions 
Shriram Farm Solutions revenues increased by 33% year-on-year supported 
by volumes across all the verticals and led by research wheat. Prices were 
higher in research wheat, however there was slight moderation in prices of 
other verticals. We expect research wheat to perform better than last year in 
this financial year. PBDIT for the quarter was higher by 64% on account of 
better margins in research wheat, despite higher marketing expenses 
focused on strengthening of “Shriram” brand.  
 
Fertilizer 
Fertilizer revenue was higher by 5% year-on-year. PBDIT was also higher by 
24% led by increase in prices and volumes. Outstanding fertilizer subsidy 
was INR 12 crores as against negative INR 267 crores last year 
Bioseed 
The Bioseed segment saw a revenue increase of 24% year-on-year and 
PBDIT was higher by almost 6 times. The improvement is led by domestic 
business on account of higher volumes and prices in corn and hybrid paddy.  
Coming to the highlights of H1 FY25 
For the half year ended 30th September 2024, revenue net of excise duty 
was at INR 5,834 crores, an increase of 6% year-on-year. This was driven by 
all the business segments except fertilizer in which there was a planned 
maintenance shutdown in the current period. SFS and Chloro-Vinyl 
segments’ revenue increased by 25% and 13% respectively, largely driven by 
volumes.  
PBDIT came in at Rs 509 crores, an increase of 59% year-on-year, largely 
led by the Chloro-Vinyl segment that saw its PBDIT increase by 218% on 
account of higher margins due to lower carbon material costs, energy prices 
and better efficiencies. 
The company’s net debt is at Rs 302 crores as on September 30, 2024 as 
against negative Rs 203 crores as on September 30, 2023 and Rs 1,434 
crores as on March 31, 2024. The year on year increase was because of 
capital expenditure over last one year and higher sugar inventory. Over 
March ’24 the decline is primarily because of reduction in Sugar inventory as 
well as Urea subsidy. 

 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Return on capital employed for September 2024 came in slightly lower at 
15% as compared to 18.5% for September 2023, since capex incurred on the 
projects will start yielding returns in forthcoming quarters.  
The Board announced an interim dividend of 100% amounting to Rs. 31.19 
crores. 
With the major investments in the chemical segment coming to end and a 
strong balance sheet and cash flows, we are evaluating opportunities in value 
chain around our core businesses. We look forward to a healthy and 
sustainable growth going forward.  
That concludes my opening remarks and I request the moderator to please 
open the forum for the Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Nirav Jimudia from Anvil Corporation. 
Please go ahead.  
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, I have two, three questions on the Chemical side. Sir, when I see your 
presentation, particularly in terms of the production of caustic, I think we have 
clocked something around 1,920 TPD of production this quarter. If we do 
some math and do the calculation, I think our chlorine production was close 
to 1,700 TPD. If you can help us explain how much we have consumed 
internally for our SBP, Aluminum Chloride plant, how much was the sales to 
the pipeline customers and how much we have sold in the spot market. And 
sir, if you can also share the market of chlorine within our area of operations 
predominantly Jhagadia because I was doing some sort of readings, and my 
understanding suggests that the market of chlorine within that Jhagadia 
region is close to 1,000-1,100 TPD of chlorine. If you can share your 
thoughts, that would be very helpful.  
Amit Agarwal: 
One, in terms of our captive consumption, see, we have two plants, one in 
Bharuch, Jhagadia, and the other is in Kota. Put together, our captive 
consumption is close to about 18%, and through pipeline it would be another 
35-40%. Now in terms of market in Jhagadia, I do not have the number in 
terms of size of the market there right now, but what I understand is that the 
market is growing given that industries around us, whether it is Aarti, KLJ and 
other, they are also expanding and therefore we see the market growing.  
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, in terms of the integration project what we have announced, I think that 
would further consume something close to around 235 TPD of Chlorine. So, 
eventually when we will have or be in operating at close to 90% utilization, 
what sort of integration from current level of 18% of chlorine could go up to? 
Any thoughts?  
Amit Agarwal: 
So, that should go up from 18% to close to 32%.  
Nirav Jimudia: 
On the 90% utilization assuming we continue to operate our plant at 90%? 
Amit Agarwal: 
True. So, see the major delta will come in Bharuch business, our Kota will 
remain more or less the same. So, therefore, overall, as a chemical business 
from 18% will go up to 32%, and pipeline you can add another 35-40%. So, 

 
Page 8 of 15 
 
more or less for the business as a whole, we will have 65% virtual certainty of 
supply and rest we are comfortable that we can supply in the market.  
Nirav Jimudia: 
And sir, when we speak of selling our chlorine to the pipeline customers, how 
does the pricing work there? Because in the spot market, I think prices 
fluctuates a lot, and it lot depends upon the production of caustic also. So, 
when we sell through the pipeline customers, how the contracts, are there 
any fixed price contracts or are there formula-based pricing which is there 
and because of that the volatility in the Chlorine price is something like 
insulators from sales to our pipeline customers?  
Amit Agarwal: 
So, Nirav, it is more about giving exit to chlorine. I do not think it is so much 
about prices and the contracts are of all kinds, but mostly they are on spot 
basis.  
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, second question is in the presentation, you have mentioned that though 
the capacities in India were increased and there were pressures on the 
realizations, but at the fag-end of the quarter, I think there were some spikes 
in the prices of caustic. So, just wanted to understand from you like in 
between the quarters, let's say Q1 and Q2, the prices of caustic imported to 
India was close to $470, but our realizations have fallen. So, our ECU has 
fallen from, let's say, 28 to close to 25.9 this quarter. So, it is more related to 
the Chlorine prices and whether the increase in the prices in the international 
market very recently, what you have alluded in the presentation. Similarly, do 
we have taken the price hikes also in the domestic market following the 
increases in the international market?  
Amit Agarwal: 
One, I think the biggest reason why the prices have not followed international 
markets as in ECU is because of the chlorine. Chlorine, if I remember 
correctly, Q1 was about 4,000 negative and in Q2 it was about 7,000 
negative. Currently, it is about 9000 negative. Right? And the other thing is 
there is always a lag in terms of international prices and the international 
prices went up only by September. September second half is when we saw 
prices going up. Ballpark, they have gone up by about $70 over the last 1.5 
months. And there is always a lag in terms of getting reflected in the numbers 
because there are always supply contracts for one to two months which are 
fixed. So, therefore, they have impact.  
Nirav Jimudia: 
But sir, safe to assume that how much, so the extent to which the Chlorine 
has gone negative from, let's say, -7,000 to -9000, that sort of price increases 
we have taken in order to maintain our ECU or slightly improve that.  
Amit Agarwal: 
No, we do see our ECUs to be better in Q3.  
Nirav Jimudia: 
And sir, last bit from my side. So, when I was just going through our annual 
report, what we have clocked in terms of PBIDT for particularly the Chemical 
business was close to INR190 crore. So, sir, safe to assume that last year 
was because of the pressure on the ECU and the other cost. Was it more 
from the value-added products like hydrogen and aluminum chloride and 
SBP and less from the caustic chlorine business? 
Amit Agarwal: 
From last year’s perspective, what you are saying is right. But from this year’s 
perspective hydrogen will continue to add value. It is the cost side where 

 
Page 9 of 15 
 
there has been a significant reduction in cost and therefore caustic also is 
going to be profitable. On top of it, there are more volumes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Jainam Ghelani from 
Svan Investments. Please go ahead. 
Jainam Ghelani: 
Sir, my first question is on the anti-dumping duty. The anti-dumping duty is 
with the Ministry of Finance. So, if it is approved, how much benefit can we 
see in our profitability on the PVC segments? 
Ajay Shriram: 
The anti-dumping duty ranges country to country. The way the government 
has approved, or the Ministry of Commerce has approved. The anti-dumping 
duty ranges in US, Thailand, Taiwan, Korea, Japan, Indonesia and China 
from the range of about $51 in Korea to China is between $82 and $125. 
China would be an average I would say about $100. So, it is ranging between 
this level, the highest band is in China, second is in US, $64 to $104. So, I 
think with all these coming in, it is now with the Ministry of Finance, and this 
was just issued on the 30th of October. It is very early right now. So, it's gone 
to the Ministry of Finance and the industry is pursuing it with the Ministry of 
Finance. 
Jainam Ghelani: 
And since our ECH plant will be commissioning in Quarter 4, we would need 
approvals from the customers. So, how long would the approval process be 
for the same? 
Amit Agarwal: 
The approval process ranges between, for domestic consumers, it will be 
anywhere between 1 to 2 months. For overseas customers, it is a little longer. 
It depends on application-to-application, but that's the ballpark range. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parth Vasani, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Parth Vasani: 
My question is more related to CPVC resin. I just wanted to know, is there 
any plan to make that special PVC, which is required to make CPVC resin 
which I believe most of the companies import? 
Ajay Shriram: 
No, we actually have not talked about making CPVC resin in our company. 
Parth Vasani: 
So, you are not planning to enter into the CPVC resin manufacturing? 
Ajay Shriram: 
No. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor 
Co. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
First a small clarification sir, you mentioned that the Chlorine price was 
negative for the 2nd Quarter was 5000 and currently it is trending at 9000. Is 
this what you alluded? 
Ajay Shriram: 
Chlorine in the negative pricing, yes. 

 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
So, exit of September the negative has increased significantly. What factors 
have led to this, and will this lead to lower utilization levels for caustic? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, Saket, this is the other way around. One, this negative increase has 
happened more recently. 9000 I was giving you the number as on date. For 
the quarter ending, I mean quarter ending September, which is 2nd Quarter, it 
was close to about 6,700 to be precise average negative. And to answer your 
point that in fact, caustic utilization is the reverse. The more chlorine, today 
what's happening, what is leading to lower prices is that more chlorine is 
being produced. As new capacities have come up, prices are better for 
caustic, hence people are increasing their capacity utilization leading to more 
chlorine and therefore lower prices of chlorine. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And for the offtake of chlorine, sir, I think you did allude to our steps we are 
taking for increasing the portfolio of value-added products. Where are we in 
terms of the current captive use of chlorine and the external sales and what 
should be the number for H2 and next financial year? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, if I look at captive consumption including pipeline for the business as a 
whole located in Bharuch as well as Kota, I am at about 48% including 
pipeline and going forward once these capacities come up which is ECH, 
calcium chloride and enhanced aluminum chloride then I should be about 
65% to 70% including pipeline. 
Saket Kapoor: 
We have also heard about Reliance coming up with a big PVC complex. They 
made this announcement sometime in their AGM in the month of August. So, 
how are the dynamics of the industry going to change with this huge 1.5-
million-ton PVC complex? What's the thought process and how are caustic 
players aligned to this huge PVC and also the PVC market itself? Your 
thought on the same, sir. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Your question is on caustic or PVC? 
Saket Kapoor: 
Both sir. 
Amit Agarwal: 
On caustic, the way we understand is that Reliance as well as Adani both are 
coming up with their caustic project largely to feed chlorine into their PVC. 
Now both of these projects will be in the coastal regions and looking at the 
global demand, which is about 106 million tons and growing at about 2%, we 
expect that the caustic that they are going to manufacture will largely be for 
the export market. So, that is point number one on caustic. It may cause 
some interim disruption domestically, but it is the intent what looks like. As far 
as PVC is concerned, see the total domestic market size in PVC is about 4 
million tons. And today what we manufacture is only about 1.4 million tons. 
So, there is a huge gap. And they, I think, if I am not wrong, are coming up 
with about 225,000 kilo tons as a capacity, which is only a partial capacity. 
So, we do not see any stress coming on PVC. In any case, we are based out 
of North and these two plants are coming up in the Western region. So, we 
do not see any challenges as far PVC is concerned. 
Saket Kapoor: 
As for caustic as a whole, there are issues with demand globally also. 

 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
I do not see any issues with demand. PVC in India itself, as I mentioned, 
there is a big gap on demand and supply and on top of that it is growing at 
about 10%-11%. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And for caustic? Caustic soda globally we find demand restrictions especially 
for the European economy where in big players also mothballed their 
capacities. That was my thought. Am I correct in that thought process? 
Amit Agarwal: 
There are two things happening here. One, Europe is closing down 
capacities because of their overall cost structure and they are probably 
looking at more value add. That's an opportunity for India to export. And other 
thing is globally demand is increasing. One example is new paper capacity, 
pulping capacity coming up in South America. In India itself, the aluminum 
capacity is increasing from about 4.1 million tons to about 6 million tons. So, I 
think demand is getting created. But yes, it is only a matter of time when this 
new capacity in India gets absorbed. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And lastly, on the P&L part, I find that the power and fuel cost on the quarter 
is up significantly to Rs. 428 crore if we take the QoQ increase from Rs. 373 
crore to Rs. 428 crore, if you could just explain the key reason and I think we 
have also taken a maintenance shutdown. What is the cost that we have 
incurred and what is the update on the realignment of the capacity post 
shutdown? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Now we have taken a maintenance shutdown in vinyl business. So, all that is 
back on track. We are operating at nearly 100% capacity. And the increase in 
cost of power and fuel is primarily led by volumes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir, on the new power plant in Kota, are we now accruing the benefit of 
the same completely? 
Amit Agarwal: 
The new power plant is at Bharuch and yes, we have started accruing the 
benefits. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And what was the annual saving we envisage from the same? 
Amit Agarwal: 
I think it's reasonable. I do not have the number right away, but it is 
something which we are happy and it's closer to what we had targeted as a 
benefit. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And what is the thought process of the outlook for the sugar bioethanol story 
from us? How are we going to pursue the opportunities? If you could just 
throw some more light on this, sir? 
Amit Agarwal: 
On sugar, see bioethanol is very futuristic right now. We are also evaluating 
where these technologies are because the technologies itself are not very 
matured. The market is not very mature and therefore the impact, you know, 
they are very expensive fuels. So, we will keep a watch. But yes, we are 
looking at how best we can make sugar as an ecosystem, right, where there 
are multiple products. But they all will depend on how the technology is 
matured. 

 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Falguni Dutta from 
Mansarovar Financials. Please go ahead. 
Falguni Dutta: 
I just had one question that's on sugar. What is the cost of sugar production 
for the season that just ended in September? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, our cost of production was close to about 3,600, a dash lower than that, 
ballpark. 
Falguni Dutta: 
Does this include interest and depreciation also? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Falguni Dutta: 
And is it possible to tell me the number before interest, after depreciation but 
before interest if it's readily available? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Falguni, I don’t have that number right away. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Surabhi from NV alpha. 
Please go ahead. 
Surabhi: 
I wanted to know more about Shriram Farm Solution. I have been seeing that 
we have consistently been doing 17%-19% margins in the last couple of 
years. What exactly is the hero product? Is it the crop protection or is it the 
soluble fertilizers? And also, what is the capital employed in this business? 
Should we take the bioseed plus the fertilizers as the real capital employed? 
Ajay Shriram: 
No, I think the Shriram Farm solution actually has three verticals. One is the 
business of seeds, where they have hybrid seeds, and they have got 
research wheat and other products. Second, they have got crop care 
chemicals, which is a sub vertical within SFS. And third is where they have 
plant nutrients, which is the third vertical. So, they're focusing on all three. 
And there is a focus research going on in all these areas to try to get 
products which are unique products which are effective with the crops, 
products which the farmers want to buy. So, the focus is very strong over 
there. The manufacturing we have is for specialty nutrients etc. at Kota, 
which is not that large. So, I do not know, Amit may be having how much 
money is involved there. But the working capital requirement in the business 
is not too much. It's quite small. It's not really large at all. And SFS is a 
separate vertical in our group. Bioseed is a separate vertical in our group. 
And they both have their own management teams. They both have their 
independent CEOs. And they manage the business independently and 
manage their own cash flows independently. 
Surabhi: 
What kind of ROCEs do we make in the SFS business? And also, would like 
to know if Q3 is seasonally the best quarter for SFS correct? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, one, yes Q3 will be the best quarter for this business because of 
research wheat that's the most profitable business in the Farm Solutions. So, 
I think that is one reason. And on your point of the ROCE, given that their 

 
Page 13 of 15 
 
capital employed is negligible and their EBIT will be in excess of Rs. 200 
crore, so it's like abnormal number, it's very high. 
Surabhi: 
And just last question, within like seeds and nutrients, what is the top selling 
product within the SFS segment? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Research wheat in the seed segment, but I think your question is also on the 
plant nutrition, is it? 
Surabhi: 
No, so like overall, because I see that in the footnote it's written plant 
nutrients, water solubles and seeds. So, which of that is the higher 
contributor amongst the three? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Seeds. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a follow up question from the line of Nirav Jimudia from 
Anvil Corporation. Please go ahead. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
One question on the urea side. So, when I see the numbers I think our 
EBITDA per ton is close to around Rs. 2,000-Rs. 2100. Just wanted to 
understand from you like are the numbers lower just because the fixed cost 
absorption or the compensation from the government has not been revised 
from last so many years and because of that there is some under recovery so 
far as the fixed cost compensation is concerned or our energy consumption 
Gcal per metric ton is higher and because of that we will not be able to 
materially improve our EBITDA per metric ton in the urea side. 
Amit Agarwal: 
One, Nirav, we need to understand that our  focus businesses are Chemicals, 
Sugar, Farm Solutions and Fenesta. Farm Solution and Fenesta are the 
consumer facing businesses. And these are the four businesses that define 
the future of the organization. Now in terms of Fertilizer, I think it's performing 
reasonably well. Last year, if you see the EBIT was about Rs. 53 crore, 
almost capital employed was not very high given the subsidy situation 
resolved. So, we feel it has a ROCE of close to about 60%-70%. Now that's 
very reasonable. Yes, our fixed costs are a little higher given their size, but 
our efficiencies are reasonably good. So, I think overall Fertilizer and we 
manufacture urea, so it's in pretty good shape. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
The second question is on the chemicals that given the production of close to 
1,920 TPD of caustic soda this quarter. If you can share the mix of power 
between renewables-captive, how is the mix and let's say when we ramp up 
our production how this mix would look like? 
Amit Agarwal: 
One our production I think at Bharuch it was close to about 1,400 tons per 
day and at Kota, it was close to about 500 tons per day. So, that's about 
1,900 tons per day ballpark for the quarter. Now coming to renewable, see 
out of the total power requirement currently, our total power requirement is 
close to about anywhere between 125 to 150 megawatt at Bharuch. So, out 
of that, about 25 megawatt on an average basis is coming from renewable 
energy. 

 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Nirav Jimudia: 
And is rest from captive? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Rest is from captive, yes, because my contract, peak is about 44-45 MW, 
average is 25 MW, so that will remain. We are just adding another 6.6 MW 
which will start coming from next quarter. So, peak, in Bharuch we will have 
about 50 MW. And Kota, in another 1–1.5 years we will add another 68-
megawatt peak. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
So, currently Kota is entirely on coal-based captive plant? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. So, the only thing is we are also using almost 15%-20% biomass there. 
To that extent, we are using green fuel. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
And how the things would look like when we will keep on ramping up our 
volumes of caustic soda? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, we are quite focused on seeing that how do we improve our green 
footprint. As of now, we do not plan to increase our capacity. There will be 
ramp up happening at Bharuch from, let's say, currently we are at about 
1,400-1,500 tons, and we will go up to about 2,200 tons. So, that will largely 
be met by captive sources. And there also what we are looking at is the 
options of increasing our biomass. So, our boilers are capable of taking 30%-
40% biomass, especially the new boiler. So, to that extent, we would like to 
reduce the carbon footprint. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
So, last two clarifications, so one on the Flaker plant of 600 TPD, has it 
started operating? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Out of the total planned expansion of 600 tons per day, 300 tons per day has 
started operating. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
So, that would help our exports possibly in order to improve our utilizations, 
right? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. That's what Chairman mentioned in his opening remarks. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
And the last clarification is on is on the PVC plant at Kota. So, there possibly 
we may be converting chlorine to HCL for our PVC or does the chlorine 
directly go to the PVC plant? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Chlorine goes into HCL. And then HCL goes into PVC. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vignesh Iyer from Sequent 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Just one clarity that I needed, again on the power side of it, so, if I 
understand it right, you are spending Rs. 76 crore to increase your peak 
capacity from 44 megawatt to 68 megawatt. That is the addition of 24 
megawatt, right? 

 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
We are investing close to about Rs. 73 crore to Rs. 74 crore. That is, we are 
doing a new tie-up for our Kota facility where we are tying up 68 megawatts. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
That is over and above the 44 megawatts, that you already have? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Exactly, that is over and above. See, 44 megawatts is at our Bharuch facility 
which is in Gujarat. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
So if I understand the average, you have done around 25 megawatts in your 
Bharuch facility, what would be like the average utilization possible out of the 
68 megawatts? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, just to add here, one in Bharuch we are currently at 25 MW, we will go up 
by about 2 to 3 megawatts because we have tied up another 6.6 megawatts 
in Bharuch. So, there we are spending close to about Rs. 3 crore as our 
equity participation. Now out of this 68 megawatt, I think it is about 32–33-
megawatt average. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Over to you, sir. 
Ajay Shriram: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for your participation 
in our earnings conference call. Our growth strategy reflects our commitment 
to adopting and thriving in a complex global market while strengthening our 
core business capabilities and the value chain. Sustainability remains the 
cornerstone of our business philosophy, reflecting our unwavering 
commitment to environmental stewardship and social responsibility. Thank 
you very much once again. Goodbye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of DCM Shriram Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
