 
 
 
Tata Technologies Limited 
Plot No 25, Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park | Hinjawadi, Pune 411057 | India 
Tel: +91 20 6652 9090 | Fax: +91 20 6652 9035 
CIN L72200PN1994PLC013313  
Email: investor@tatatechnologies.com 
Website: www.tatatechnologies.com 
Ref. No.: TTL/COSEC/SE/2024-25/67 
 
 
October 31, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the conference call on financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 
2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call on financial results for the quarter ended 
September 30, 2024, conducted after the meeting of the Board of Directors held on October 28, 2024. 
 
The above information will be made available on the website of the Company: www.tatatechnologies.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
For Tata Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
________________________ 
Vikrant Gandhe 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
BSE Limited                                
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001, India 
Scrip Code: 544028 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051, India 
Trading symbol: TATATECH 
VIKRANT 
CHANDRASHE
KHAR GANDHE
Digitally signed by VIKRANT 
CHANDRASHEKHAR 
GANDHE 
Date: 2024.10.31 21:20:13 
+05'30'

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 1 
 
“Tata Technologies Limited 
Q2 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 28, 2024 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. WARREN HARRIS – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – TATA TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MS. SUKANYA SADASIVAN – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – TATA 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MS. SAVITHA BALACHANDRAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – TATA 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. VIJAY LOHIA – HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS – TATA 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Tata Technologies 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will remain in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
 
I will now hand the conference over to your host Mr. Vijay Lohia, Head 
of Investor Relations at Tata Technologies. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 2 
Vijay Lohia: 
Thank you, Ryan. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Tata Technologies 
Second Quarter of Fiscal '25 Results Call. I'm Vijay Lohia, heading 
Investor Relations. Joining me today are Mr. Warren Harris, CEO and MD 
of Tata Technologies; Ms. Sukanya Sadasivan, COO; and Ms. Savitha 
Balachandran, CFO. 
 
Our management team will start with an overview of the company's 
performance, followed by a Q&A session. As a reminder, we do not 
provide specific revenue or earnings guidance, and any statements 
made today regarding our future outlook should be reviewed in light of 
the risks that the company faces. These risks are outlined in the second 
slide of the quarterly fact sheet available on our website. Our press 
release and earnings presentation have been submitted to the stock 
exchanges 
and 
are 
also 
accessible 
on 
our 
website, 
www.tatatechnologies.com. We hope you've had a chance to review 
them. Let me now turn over the call to Warren. 
Warren Harris: 
Thank you, Vijay, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today on this 
earnings call. Let me share some key highlights for the second quarter 
of fiscal 2025. I'll then pass the floor to Savitha for a more detailed 
overview of our financial performance.  
From a revenue standpoint in Indian rupees, we achieved sequential 
revenue growth of 2.2%. Our services business has returned to 
sequential growth this quarter, posting a 2% increase in revenue as we 
had guided in the previous quarter's earnings call. While our overall 
demand trends remain relatively healthy, we are observing a slight 
delay in customer decision-making in the near term. This is driven by a 
strategic 
reconsideration 
of 
electric 
vehicles 
versus 
hybrid 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 3 
compounded by ongoing geopolitical tensions and uncertainty 
surrounding elections in various parts of the world, including the United 
States. As a result, recent deal wins have been smaller in size as 
customers adopt a more cautious approach to committing to larger 
long-term projects during this period of uncertainty. We anticipate 
greater clarity to emerge in the early part of the next calendar year. Our 
order book and pipeline remained healthy, and combined with the 
continued positive momentum within our anchor accounts, we are 
confident that the second half of the fiscal year will show stronger 
performance compared to the first half. 
 
Our Tech Solutions business achieved a 2.8% sequential growth this 
quarter, primarily driven by an impressive 19% growth in our Education 
segment, fuelled by the ongoing ramp-up and successful deliveries at 
our projects in Bihar and Telangana. We also secured two significant 
wins during the quarter, one with the Maharashtra Industrial 
Development Corporation to establish a center for invention, 
innovation, incubation and training, and another with the Tamil Nadu 
Industrial Development Corporation to setting up a common 
engineering facility center. With the strong order book and a healthy 
pipeline, our education business is well positioned for sustained growth 
throughout the remainder of the fiscal year. Products came in as 
expected. Product software sales are typically muted in the summer 
months with most of our customers' product software budgets being 
discharged in Q3 and Q4.  
Our margin performance remains resilient with operating EBITDA 
coming in at 18.2%, flat quarter-on-quarter and in line with our focus on 
margin preservation this year.  

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 4 
In terms of our offerings, within the Product Engineering segment, 
we've seen increased traction in the mid-cycle refresh turnkey vehicle 
programs as well as in the embedded and software offering space.  In 
our digital engineering lines of service, we continue to see stronger 
demand, particularly in areas such as smart manufacturing, digital 
thread solutions, customer experience enhancements as well as in AI 
and Gen AI. The growing interest in digital thread reflects our clients' 
need for seamless integration across the entire product life cycle, 
enabling greater visibility and operational efficiency.  In smart 
manufacturing, companies are increasingly adopting our solutions to 
optimize production processes and enhance agility. Additionally, 
customer experience solutions remain a priority as our business looks 
to leverage digital tools to deliver personalized, frictionless interactions. 
These areas of demand underscore the critical role of digital 
engineering plays in driving innovation and competitive advantage for 
our clients. 
 
Let me profile a couple of key deals that we have won in the product 
engineering space in Q2. They include: 
We have been selected by an Asian Automotive OEM for a mid-cycle 
refresh turnkey project for two of their vehicles. These projects entail a 
comprehensive suite of automotive engineering services, including the 
design and development of exterior and interior trims, electrical 
engineering, diagnostic management, closures, aggregate level 
computer-aided engineering (CAE), prototype build support and vehicle 
integration. The project is set to spend the next 22 months, positioning 
us for long-term collaboration and growth with this customer. This 
engagement underscores our strategic capabilities and commitment 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 5 
to innovation, marking a pivotal moment in our journey as we continue 
to drive transformative solutions to deliver long-term value for our 
customers and stakeholders.  
A North America-based global industrial heavy machinery company 
has chosen Tata Technologies for a project focused on extensive value 
engineering and cost optimization, culminating in the establishment of 
an offshore development center (ODC) to replicate this work on their 
future product lines. Our engagement with this customer began in 
December of last year when we initiated bench market studies on some 
of their competitor products. Over the course of this year, we 
successfully deepened our relationship with the customer's leadership 
significantly enhancing our mind share and resulting in substantial 
increases in our wallet share. The creation of the ODC, coupled with the 
expansion into digital domains, not only demonstrates our ability to 
deliver tangible value, but also highlights our potential to cross-sell and 
upsell additional services, further consolidating our presence and 
growing influence within this account. 
 
A global Tier 1 automotive leader, renowned for its cutting-edge 
technology and a nearly 70-year legacy in delivering innovative 
solutions for emission reduction and energy efficiency, has chosen Tata 
Technologies to establish an offshore development center. This ODC 
will focus on developing embedded software for electric powertrain 
products, including e-turbos, e-compressors and hydrogen fuel cells. 
This collaboration highlights the company's commitment to advancing 
sustainable technologies, and we are proud to support their mission. 
Based on current demand and future projections, we anticipate the 
potential to nearly double the size of the ODC within the next 6 months, 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 6 
further expanding our contributions to their electric powertrain 
advancements and reinforcing our position as a key technology 
partner. 
 
We continue to build our network of partnerships and alliances which 
we believe will help us to continue to penetrate the fast-growing SDV 
space. In Q2, we announced a strategic alliance with Telechips, a South 
Korean-based semiconductor company to co-develop innovative 
single-chip solutions for software-defined vehicles. The collaboration 
is focused on delivering cost-effective ADAS and cockpit solutions 
specifically tailored to meet the demand of the Asian market. Telechips’ 
hardware solutions provide a significant advantage by reducing 
overhead costs in the software bill of materials, making it possible to 
develop SDV solutions that are both high quality and affordable for 
cost-sensitive OEMs. This partnership not only strengthens our ability 
to offer scalable, efficient technologies but also positions us to meet 
the growing demand for smart connected vehicle systems in one of the 
world's most dynamic automotive markets. 
 
In addition to the relationship with Telechips, we also announced a 
collaboration in the aerospace vertical with Air India earlier today. Air 
India has selected Tata Technologies as its strategic partner to 
transform the interiors of the aircraft. Through this partnership, Tata 
Technologies will deliver comprehensive solutions that cover design, 
validation, 
weight optimization 
and 
ergonomic 
considerations. 
Leveraging our expertise in lightweight materials and advanced design 
and validation methods, we aim to enhance Air India's fleet 
performance, safety and operational efficiency, creating an elevated 
travel experience for all passengers.  

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 7 
This partnership also solidifies Tata Technologies’ role in optimizing Air 
India's operations by deploying advanced digital threat solutions and 
smart maintenance, repair and overhaul services. These innovations are 
designed to improve operational efficiency, minimize downtime and 
maintain Air India's fleet in prime condition, reinforcing both passenger 
safety and service reliability. 
 
I'm also delighted to note that we've announced the official launch of 
our partnership with BMW in India named BMW TechWorks India, a Tata 
Technologies joint venture. BMW undertook an exhaustive search for 
candidate partners in India before choosing Tata Technologies. During 
this process, they evaluated numerous firms, many of which held 
incumbent relationships with BMW. The decision to partner with Tata 
Technologies is a profound testament to our market-leading 
automotive capabilities and the trust of BMW places in the core values 
that underpin the Tata Group. 
 
What make this partnership particularly exciting is its impact, we 
believe, on the Indian landscape. India has long been recognized for its 
skilled talent pool, innovation and cost-effective solutions. This 
collaboration underscores the growing importance of India as an 
engineering services hub for the global manufacturing sector. By 
investing in this country, BMW and Tata Technologies will develop some 
of the best and brightest automotive software and IT professionals in 
the world. This partnership sets a precedent for future collaborations 
that we believe will fuel India's growth story, enhance its technological 
capabilities and contribute significantly to high-end job creation.  

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 8 
BMW TechWorks India will develop advanced software for SDVs, AI-
based solutions, including large language models and standard 
software, automotive driving and next-generation infotainment. The 
venture will also concentrate on enhancing customer brand experience 
and delivering cutting-edge digital products and innovations in sales 
and customer interactions. 
 
With the final signing of the contracts and the approval of the 
authorities, the JV will commence operations with 100 employees 
across key technology hubs in Pune, Bangalore and Chennai. The 
venture is set to scale rapidly targeting a 4-digit workforce by the end 
of 2025 with a strong emphasis on attracting India's top engineering 
talent. The joint venture is set to grow into a high double-digit million-
dollar revenue stream with projections to surpass $100 million run rate 
within a few years. We expect this engagement to make a material 
contribution to our financial results in the coming years.  
As noted earlier, our digital engineering segment continues to see 
growing interest in the areas of smart manufacturing, digital threat 
integrations and Gen AI. Some of the notable deals won in this space in 
Q2 include:  
We've successfully completed the deployment of a CRM platform for a 
leading 
Asian 
2-wheeler 
automotive 
OEM. 
Additionally, 
we 
implemented the lead management system from our Power of 8 
platform, leveraging our templated approach to achieve record-
breaking go-live time. This solution has transformed the lead capture 
process from a previously manual system into a real-time automated 
workflow, significantly improving operational transparency and efficiency.  

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 9 
Following the successful implementation of the CRM system in the pilot 
country, we've been further awarded the dealer management system 
project. With our solution,  sDealer from the Power of 8 platform, the 
goal is to provide a unified one country, one DMS solution across the 
customer's global footprint, covering 16 countries. This would digitize 
the entire customer life cycle journey from presales to sales to after 
sales, including inventory and claim management systems. The solution 
will enable the OEM to streamline operations, deliver a superior 
customer experience and enhanced transparency. 
 
We've also been selected by a leading global Tier 1 automotive OEM to 
facilitate the separation of one of their business entities through the 
migration of their PLM platform to Siemens Team Center. This strategic 
initiative aims to unify business unit data into a single platform, 
streamlining data management and enhancing operational efficiency. It 
will also simplify disentanglement of shared data between business 
units while customizing the solution to meet the specific needs of the 
aftermarket division. And also, it will achieve cost efficiency 
comparable to replicating the current SAP PLM system. By transitioning 
to Siemens team Center, the OEM will benefit from improved data 
transparency, better scalability and a more agile platform that supports 
the long-term digital transformation goals, ensuring the separation 
process is seamless and future ready. 
 
For European luxury automotive OEM, we have also initiated the AI 
governance framework centered around key pillars, such as 
responsible AI, the use of large language models, AI standardization, AI 
controls and AI enablement. This framework is supported by the 
necessary tools and processes to manage AI systems while ensuring 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 10 
full compliance with regulatory requirements across the organization. 
By implementing a robust AI governance structure, we are helping the 
customer accelerate the deployment of AI solutions, ensuring that they 
are not only faster and more efficient, but also align to the business 
objectives and importantly, ethical standards. This initiative enhances 
the OEM's ability to harness the power of AI responsibly, mitigating risks 
and unlocking greater value from AI-driven innovation.  
Our commitment to customer centricity remains a core focus. I'm 
pleased to share that in FY '24 we were recognized amongst the top 10 
percentile of technology service providers, achieving an impressive Net 
Promoter Score of 66 as reported by our partner, Litmus World. The 
rating reflects our ongoing dedication to delivering exceptional value 
and service quality to our clients, ensuring we remain a trusted partner 
in helping them achieve their strategic goals. 
 
Before turning it over to Savitha, let me briefly reiterate my comments 
from our Q1 earnings report on concerns regarding the deceleration in 
electric vehicle sales momentum and why we believe that the medium- 
to long-term fundamentals remain intact. 
Despite recent concerns regarding customer sentiment, global sales of 
fully electric vehicles are still forecast to grow in 2024, but at a slower 
rate than in the previous year, 31% in 2024, down from 28% in 2023. 
However, we still expect the share of EVs on the road to continue to 
climb rapidly. By 2030, the International Energy Authority expects 
almost 1 in 3 cars on the road in China to the electric and almost 1 in 5 
in the U.S. and the European Union. Consequently, we continue to 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 11 
believe that our market-leading electrification proposition will provide 
significant growth opportunities for our company. 
 
Let me now hand over to Savitha to take you through our financial 
performance. 
Savitha Balachandran: 
Thank you, Warren. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us 
on this call today. Let me now walk you through our financial 
performance for the second quarter of fiscal '25.  
Our revenue from operations grew 2.2% sequentially to INR 1,296 crores 
for the quarter. The Services segment, which comprised around 78% of 
total revenues, was up 2% sequentially to INR 1,005 crores. The 
Technology Solutions segment, which comprised the remaining 22% of 
revenues witnessed a 2.8% sequential increase, which was driven by a 
robust growth of close to 19.5% of our education business, driven by 
reasons that Warren has explained in his remarks. The products 
business saw a decline of 21%, driven by seasonality, which will reverse 
in the seasonally strong second half of the fiscal year. 
 
Let me provide some additional insight into the health of the underlying 
business. On a year-on-year basis, our Services segment revenues 
grew 1%. Note that this is after covering for VinFast, which contributed 
almost $18 million to the top line in the comparable quarter of last year, 
excluding which, our revenues saw a 15% year-over-year increase, 
underscoring the continued strength and resilience of the core 
business. As we've outlined in our earlier interactions, our focus 
continues to be on maintaining a balanced approach of upholding 
operational discipline while strategically investing in capabilities to 
capitalize on the emerging opportunities in the industries of our key 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 12 
customer segments. Our operating expenses in the quarter was up 
2.2% on a sequential basis, which was consistent with our overall 
revenue growth. As a result, our EBITDA margin came in flat at 18.2%. I'm 
especially pleased with the disciplined cost management our teams 
have maintained to ensure we remain on track for our margin 
preservation targets this fiscal year. We've also made steady progress 
on our key long-term margin levers with positive gains in our offshoring 
initiatives this quarter. Additionally, our utilization rates have also 
improved further supporting our margin objectives. Looking ahead, we 
remain committed to our medium- to long-term margin aspirations of 
20% plus level.  
This quarter, the outsourcing and consulting charges saw an increase 
of about INR 11 crores, driven by a ramp-up in a couple of projects. This 
was partly offset by a reduction in the employee benefit expense by 
about INR 5 crores or less than 1%. Our combined consulting and 
employee expenses increased 0.8% in the quarter, while other 
expenses increased by about 10% sequentially, driven by higher 
professional fees associated with specific strategic engagements 
during the quarter and a slight rise in allowance for expected credit 
losses following one of our long-tail European customers having 
entered into self administration. We have adopted a prudent approach 
by completely providing for our exposure in this quarter. We 
recognized other income of INR 16.5 crores during the quarter 
compared with INR 23 crores in the previous quarter. This was largely 
driven by lower interest income on account of a dividend of INR 408 
crores that we paid in June as well as a non-cash net loss of INR 2.5 
crores due to a translation effect of change in the fair value of derivative 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 13 
instruments. Consequently, the profit before tax came in at INR 218 
crores, a 1% sequential decline.  
Our effective tax rate in the quarter came in at 27.6%, an increase of 
140 basis points compared to the previous quarter, driven by profit mix 
change across geographies. As a result, the profit after tax declined by 
2.9% to INR 157 crores.  
We remain focused on maintaining a strong and liquid balance sheet.At 
the end of the second quarter, our net cash on the balance sheet was 
$145.3 million compared with $131.4 million at the end of the previous 
quarter, and we continue to remain debt-free.  
Our collection efficiency continues to remain robust with a total DSO 
of 85 days at the end of September compared with 84 days at the end 
of Q1 and 92 days in the same quarter of last year. Billed DSO stood at 
60 days, while the unbilled DSO came in at 25 days at the end of Q2. 
 
Turning to cash flows. We've observed an improvement in the working 
capital position and cash conversion level during the first half of the 
year. Our free cash flow amounted to approximately INR 453 crores 
with a net release of about INR 23 crores in working capital in the first 
half of this fiscal, and we remain focused on sustaining this efficiency 
in cash collections as well as conversion rates. 
 
Let me now give you some color on the operational metrics.  
At the end of the quarter, our head count reached 12,680 employees, 
representing an increase of 1.4% or 175 employees compared to the 
previous quarter as we added capacity in some of our focused growth 
areas, which includes ramping up for our joint venture as well as some 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 14 
new wins in the embedded area. We remain focused on strengthening 
the base of our people pyramid with more campus hires and we will 
also look to make selective lateral hires depending on the business 
need. Our employee utilization saw an improvement of 120 basis points 
from the previous quarter, reaching a level of a little under 88%. We 
believe there is room to further improve this metric in the near term. 
 
Attrition levels have continued to improve, supported by a general 
decline in industry-wide attrition as well as our ongoing employee 
engagement initiatives. One such initiative includes our internal 
chatbot that has enabled us to identify and address potential flight 
risks proactively. By the end of Q2, our 12-month voluntary attrition rate 
stood at 13.1%, down from 13.7% of the previous quarter, with further 
positive momentum observed so far in this current quarter.  
We remain committed to investing in the development of our teams 
focusing on talent building activities that strengthen our capabilities in 
strategic areas. There has been a substantial increase in training hours, 
particularly covering key topics such as software-defined vehicles, 
Generative AI and cybersecurity. In quarter two alone, over 6,000 
employees completed nearly 19,000 hours of training equipping them 
with skills and insights needed to support our evolving business 
objectives and to meet the challenges of the dynamic industry 
landscape.  
In terms of our on-site and offshore revenue mix, the proportion of 
revenue generated outside our delivery centers in India and Romania 
and executed offshore increased by 470 basis points sequentially, 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 15 
reaching a level of 43.7% and we are actively focused on driving 
initiatives to further improve this metric over time. 
 
As we drive to do more work in the embedded and digital space as well 
as large full vehicle programs, our focus will be to leverage offshore far 
more. This will help us bring in better employee pyramid with focus on 
reskilling and upskilling as mentioned above and will drive better 
utilization.  
We are also investing in automation and AI tools to improve delivery 
efficiencies and significantly improve our productivity as well as time 
to market. 
 
Turning to customer pyramid. You can see that a number of customers 
generating revenue surpassing $1 million has improved steadily. Within 
the $1 million to $5 million category, which rose to 30 in the second 
quarter compared to 28 during the same period last year. We've also 
seen improvement in the $10 million to $50 million category, which now 
has 6 customers compared with 3 during the same period last year. In 
the $50 million-plus category, we now have 2 customers compared 
with 3 in the same quarter last year. 
 
In summary, while the long-term fundamentals of our business remain 
sound, we're noticing a slight delay in customer decision-making in the 
near term. However, we anticipate strong performance in the second 
half of the year, driven by opportunities reflected in our order book and 
pipeline. Our margins have remained resilient throughout the first half, 
and we are committed to maintaining strong operational discipline 
while continuing to invest in key strategic growth areas. 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 16 
 
With that, I thank you for your time. We can now open the floor for 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Chandramouli 
Muthiah from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.  
Chandramouli Muthiah: Hi, good evening and thank you for taking my question. My first 
question is just on the broader environment for your core automotive 
segment. Just trying to understand, I think you made a few comments 
around sizes of deals being slightly smaller and they're waiting for a 
couple of quarters for more clarity on how the growth might start to 
rebound in the EV investing end market. 
So can you just provide a little more color around those comments and 
then maybe what you're seeing in your core customers, I think one of 
your peers had mentioned that JLR is not mainly the primary growth 
driver for the balance of this fiscal year, it's some of the other OEMs, 
which might be driving most of the growth. So just that angle between 
anchor customers and non-anchors as well. 
Warren Harris: 
Yes, it's a great question. And I'll reiterate my comments that in a 
medium to long term, we fully expect that the pendulum has swung and 
there will be increasing EV adoption rates as we get through the short-
term challenges. And even in the short term, we expect the EV 
penetration to continue to grow. But there's really 2 things that are 
covering the short-term decision making of our customers. 
 
In North America, the election is essentially presenting at 2 very 
polarized policy positions as far as clean energy is concerned. And I 
think that our customers are waiting for clarity in terms of who wins 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 17 
next week. And I think that will then provide the basis on which 
decisions will then be made. I think in Europe, I think that there is 
concern about the chip -- the threat from China and the ability of the 
Europeans to react from a technology step perspective and also from 
a pricing perspective. 
 
And I think that they are waiting for regulatory help in Mainland Europe 
specifically. And our view through the discussions that we're having 
with the OEMs and their supply chains is that, that clarity will be 
provided in the early part of the next calendar year. So, we anticipate 
short-term headwinds, some tactical headwinds over the next 6 to 9 
months, but then we expect the type of accelerated growth that we've 
seen in the last couple of years to reinstate itself. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Got it. That's helpful. Second question is just around some of the 
useful comments you had shared with us on BMW. So thanks for that. 
So just trying to understand, I think at this point, we seem to be guiding 
for over time, that could be $100 million revenue opportunity. Just want 
to understand a couple of things around that. 
Do we expect to account this in the revenue line? Or is there clarity 
around whether it comes below the EBITDA line of share of profit from 
JVs? And also, just related to that trying to understand given that it's a 
JV, would you expect this to be as an entity, more profitable than your 
current core business? And what will be the sort of start-up costs 
associated with setting it up? When do you think it might achieve 
steady-state profit? 
Warren Harris: 
Yes. I think the fact that the JV does not begin to operate until the 1st 
of November means one that we are constrained by confidentiality 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 18 
agreements with regard to our commitment to the BMW. So, we're not 
at liberty to share specific details on revenue ramp-up and margins. As 
far as the accounting treatment is concerned as far as consolidation is 
concerned, we are still working with our auditors to determine the best 
approach for us to be able to present the contribution that the JV will 
make to our business. And so, as that becomes more clear, and we 
expect that to happen in the next couple of months we will bring that 
to the investors and share the details. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Got it. Thank you very much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Abhishek Kumar 
from JM Financial. Please go ahead.  
Abhishek Kumar: Hi, good evening and thanks for taking my question. First is on second 
quarter revenue growth. When I look at the constant currency growth 
sequentially for services, it was muted at 0.3%. So, was it in line with 
what you were expecting? Or were there some negative surprises 
through the quarter? And related question is, we saw a sharp jump in 
offshore revenue and one of your peers indicated that clients are 
correctively asking for work to move offshore. So, did that happen in our 
case? And if yes, did that had a deflationary impact on the revenues for 
the quarter? 
Warren Harris: 
Yes. I think in terms of the performance vis-a-vis our forecast. I think 
the performance was relatively in line with regard to our expectations. 
Say for the comments that we've made about some of the decision-
making being right shifted and some of the deals that we expected to 
close coming in at smaller quantum’s than originally anticipated. So, we 
signalled at the end of Q1 that we expected to return to growth. We've 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 19 
achieved that. We had at the beginning of the quarter, expected to do 
a little bit better than we actually delivered. 
 
But we've factored that into our expectations for the second half of the 
year. And as I've positioned in my opening comments, we expect the 
second half of the year to be better than the first half of the year. So, 
we are reacting to the market dynamics and the challenges in the U.S. 
and in Europe in the automotive market. But we're still relatively 
optimistic in terms of the momentum that underpins the business 
performance. 
Abhishek Kumar: Sure. Next, I had a question on margins. We've done well in terms of 
utilization and also offshore mix. Now going forward in the second half, 
with probably wage hike, I'm not sure if you decided on the wage hike. 
But with that still ahead of us, how should we think about margins going 
forward? 
Warren Harris: 
We'll be rolling out our merit increases this month. And we expect that 
the merit increases together with the impact of festivals and holidays. 
We'll likely see a small decline in margins in Q3. But we are optimistic, 
and we've modelled that we should preserve margins in the second half 
of the year. So we expect to recover in Q4 and at the full year end we 
do not see any deterioration in margins from our current position. 
Abhishek Kumar: Great. Very helpful. Thank you. And all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Manik Taneja: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. What I just wanted you to share some 
color with regards to the growth within anchor customers, given some 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 20 
of the details that have been provided in our annual report. That's 
question number one. The second question was with regards to the 
BMW joint venture. Given that BMW does work with a number of Tier 1 
IT services companies as well as some ER&D companies. Do you think 
over a period of time, there is an opportunity for us to consolidate that 
the ones that BMW may be doing with other vendors? 
Warren Harris: 
Yes. Let me start with answering that question first. I think one of the 
things that has characterized the partnership that we've established 
with BMW is that it has been driven by the executive leadership team 
of BMW. The decision to partner with Tata Technologies was primarily 
made by the Head of Automotive Software and the CIO. 
They are on the Board of the joint venture, and they will work with Tata 
Technologies to ensure that the joint venture delivers against the 
expectations that BMW have had. And what that's allowed us to do is 
profile at the top of BMW, the breadth and depth of our capabilities. 
And it's also helped us influence decision-making at BMW in favor of 
plans not just for the joint venture, but for the direct business that we 
expect in the future to deliver. 
 
So, we are very bullish about the opportunity with BMW. Now as far as 
whether they consolidate the work that they're doing with other third 
parties into the JV or into a direct relationship with Tata Technologies, 
that will be obviously a decision for BMW. But we will work very, very 
hard to continue to do everything that we can to ensure that our share 
of wallet continues to grow. 
 
As far as the anchor relationships are concerned, I think we've signalled 
now for some time that given the success of both JLR and Tata Motors, 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 21 
their capex has increased significantly, and we have been the 
beneficiary of that. Our share of wallet continues to not only be 
protected but in areas that are of strategic interest to Tata 
Technologies, we've seen growth. And we remain bullish for the ongoing 
support that we can provide for those 2 group companies and the 
impact that, that will have on both our top and bottom line. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure. Thank you and all the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aayush Rastogi from 
B&K Securities. Please go ahead.  
Aayush Rastogi: 
Yes. Thank you. So, I just wanted to understand on the automotive side 
of the business. So, we have heard that the global players are focusing 
towards profitability. And today also there were some -- from the one 
that they are getting kind of job and closing of plants. So, what is the 
confidence that is giving us that the 2H should be better than 1H? And 
what are the capabilities that are leading us to have an edge in 
comparison to the peers that we are seeing kind of a traction in the 
automotive segment. 
Warren Harris: 
Yes. Great question. The confidence in the second half of this fiscal year 
is really driven by our order book and pipeline. We have continued to 
win business and continue to add to the order book. And so, the 
guidance that we've provided for H2 is informed by that. In terms of 
why we continue to be bullish about our position in automotive, is that 
when you look at the automotive value chain and you look at the 
investments that are being made by our customers. 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 22 
 
They are investing not just in electric vehicles and in the transition to 
software-defined vehicles, but they're also having to optimize legacy 
products in order to ensure they are profitable to be able to invest in 
the future. Tata Technologies has capabilities across the entire 
portfolio. So, the traditional internal combustion engine propulsion 
solutions and the associated vehicles as well as electric vehicles, the 
move to connected and again, the move to software-defined vehicles.  
 
And so, we are in a position to be able to partner with our customers in 
automotive as they navigate the vectors of change that will define the 
industry in the next 10 years. So, we are seeing a shift in emphasis in the 
short term, but we are not seeing any decline in the traction that we 
represent as far as the relationship that we've got with our primary 
customers. 
Aayush Rastogi: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavik Mehta from 
JPMorgan. Please go ahead.  
Bhavik Mehta: 
Thank you sir. A couple of questions for question. Firstly, when you say 
2H is going to be better than 1H. But also, we think about the quarterly 
growth momentum in 3Q and 4Q versus what we are seeing into Q-on-
Q growth accelerating over the next couple of quarters? 
Warren Harris: 
We certainly see the top line accelerating in both Q3 and Q4. Having 
said that, Q3 will be impacted by the festivals and the holidays that 
typically impact the third quarter of our fiscal year. And so, the 
underlying momentum will improve. But the reported top line and 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 23 
bottom line will be impacted by the seasonality that defines our 
industry on every year basis. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Okay. Got it. The second question was on the Air India deal, which was 
announced today. Can you share any color in terms of when do we 
expect to start the ramp-up of the deal and how big this deal could be 
over, let's say, for the next couple of years? 
Warren Harris: 
We've been working with Air India since it became part of the Tata 
Group. We've spent a significant amount of time, and we've invested a 
significant amount of resources in reengineering parts for legacy 
vehicles. And we've also worked with the OEMs and their supply chain 
to accelerate the delivery of product for Air India. So, both direct 
business with Air India and the associated business that we derived 
from Air India has continued to grow. 
 
The partnership that we are announcing today will further accelerate 
the growth of that business. And I referenced the investment that Air 
India are making in maintenance, repair and overall, the MRO facility 
that they will be starting up in Bangalore and we will be one of the key 
partners in the deployment of that facility. So, it's a relationship that's 
growing but it's a relationship that will accelerate and drive further 
growth, particularly as that facility comes on stream. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Kachhadiya from 
Ashika Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
I just want to understand the demand environment. So, some of 
our peers reported that the slowdown in the Europe, mainly they're 
facing execution related challenges, whereas we think that in H2 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 24 
situation will improve and we like to report a better performance 
compared to H1. So how we feel that H2 will be better? And any 
conversation with our existing client that they're going to accelerate 
the spend and all? 
Warren Harris: 
Yes. As I had previously commented, our confidence in H2 is informed 
by the order book that we're carrying into H2 and the deals that we've 
previously won. We do see a tapering of demand in the short term, and 
that is driven by the elections, specifically what's happening in the U.S. 
and the challenges that the Europeans are facing, particularly as far as 
the competition with the Chinese OEMs in the EV space. 
 
But as I commented in my opening remarks, we expect to get clarity 
next month in terms of the policy position of the U.S., and we expect 
the regulator in Europe to provide some level of protection and some 
level of clarity to the European OEMs early part of the new calendar 
year. And we think that, that clarity will provide the basis on which our 
customers and the market will accelerate decision-making. 
 
So, we do see a softening of demand in the short term for new business, 
but our H2 is not informed -- we're not dependent upon that because 
it's really dependent upon the business that we've already closed. I 
think the outlook as we move into the next fiscal year, I think we we're 
relatively confident about that because, again, we see the short term -
- we see the slowdown in the short term being informed by issues that 
should be resolved way before the start of the new fiscal. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Okay. Thank you. 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 25 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Shindadkar 
from InCred Capital. Please go ahead.  
Abhishek Shindadkar: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Just 2 questions. First, you 
mentioned about a right shifting of some of the work from customers. 
So, what I wanted to understand is that when did the customers kind of 
highlighted the same to you? Was it early part of the quarter, mid-
quarter or it was a very short notice kind of a scenario. The second, you 
mentioned about the chip threat from China, especially for European 
auto. Now is this a more structural problem? Or are you feeling -- I 
mean, what's your sense? Is this a structural or the resolution could be 
early next year? 
Warren Harris: 
I think if we look at the market dynamics, it's different in different 
regions. If you look at the beginning of the last quarter, I think when Mr. 
Biden was competing with Mr. Trump, there was relative confidence in 
the Republican camp that they were going to be successful. And I think 
that the industry was gearing up for a change in administration in 
November. 
 
I think the change of candidate at the top of the ticket, has presented 
a situation where right now, it's too close to tell. And so, I think as the 
race in the U.S. started to tighten, I think the concerns within our market 
and within our customer have heightened because the policy positions 
of both our size are somewhat tolerized and represent fundamentally 
different market conditions. 
 
I think in Europe, I think the threat and the concern about Chinese OEMs 
has continued to build over the last 12 months. But I think that the OEMs 
had anticipated that the regulator would move more quickly than they 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 26 
actually have. And I think it's only in the last month or so, that 
confidence has started to be established about policy positions that 
will be an active early part of next year. So, I think it's a detailed 
explanation of the fact that the situation has kind of evolved during the 
course of the quarter. And what we started out with at the beginning is 
somewhat different in terms of market conditions for the situation that 
played out in the last month of the quarter. 
Abhishek Shindadkar: 
Very helpful. Just a follow-up to your answer. Does that mean 
that the tariffs on Chinese OEMs can keep on increasing? What is your 
assessment basis your interactions with the industry participants? 
Warren Harris: 
Yes, I think it's likely, regardless of who wins on November 5, the tariffs 
against Chinese OEMs in the United States will continue to increase. 
And that's primarily because the American OEMs don't sell a lot of 
products in China. I think it's much more difficult for the Europeans 
because particularly in the premium segment, the German OEMs and 
to a lesser extent, some parts or some divisions of the French OEMs do 
sell product in China. And so, I think that they will have to balance 
regulation with the ability to continue to service that market, which 
today is by far and away the largest market in the world. So, I think it will 
play out in different ways in different regions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajiv Berlia from 
Citigroup. Please go ahead.  
Rajiv Berlia: 
Yes. On your comments on 2H better than 1H. I just wanted to 
understand how much confidence is coming from anchor clients and 
non-anchor clients? 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 27 
Warren Harris: 
Well, I think it's relatively balanced. Our services revenue from anchor 
clients makes up a significant portion of our services revenue. And 
given the extent of the relationship that we have and the closeness of 
the working relationship, it means that we have very clear visibility on 
the business there. But we worked hard over the last 10 years to 
diversify ourselves, and we've built significant and sizable relationships 
outside of the group. 
 
And the business that we're in is a relatively sticky business. It doesn't 
change based upon the sales dynamics that our customers have to 
grapple with. When you invest in new product, you're investing in the 
competitive position of that company 3, 4 years from now. And so 
typically, there is a short-term price shifting. There's sometimes some 
tactical reduction in discretionary spend. But for the most part, order 
books are protected and commitments that customers have made to 
us, they remain relatively intact. And it's that, that's really inspired and 
informed our confidence in the second half of the year. 
Rajiv Berlia: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kshitij Saraf: from Tusk 
Investment. Please go ahead.  
Kshitij Saraf: 
Hi, good evening. Thank you for taking my questions. Warren, would you 
see this as an opportune time amidst a little bit of auto decision-
making slowdown to ramp up the aerospace and the industrial heavy 
machinery bit. There's an announcement from Tata Advanced Systems 
as well. So how do you see Tata Technologies positioned to capture the 
broader opportunity over there? 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 28 
Warren Harris: 
Again, a great question. And we're incredibly bullish about our 
aerospace business. The accreditation that we've achieved with Airbus, 
I think not only provides us with a platform to grow within that 
customer. I think it really provides us with an endorsement in the 
aerospace market. And if you look at the macro trends within 
aerospace, there's about 22,000 to 23,000 commercial aircraft in 
productive use today, that's set to double in the next 20 years. 
 
And right now, the big OEMs, Boeing and Airbus, they can't build enough 
aircraft quickly enough to satisfy the demand. So, we think that there's 
a tremendous opportunity in the areas product engineering. We also 
think that there's a tremendous opportunity in smart manufacturing 
and accelerating manufacturing throughput. 
 
We also are confident and I'm glad you've referenced it in the tailwinds 
that the group are providing in terms of the investments that they are 
making. Obviously, Air India is an important part of that. But what Castle 
are doing in terms of the work that they are undertaking to develop in 
a final line assembly capabilities here in India, we believe will provide 
tremendous opportunities for our company, particularly now that we've 
received the accreditation of a company like Airbus. 
Kshitij Saraf: 
That's very helpful. And just to recap, we have the BMW JV coming up. 
We had the collaboration with Agratas, which I believe would only start 
to materialize once production starts. So where are we with Agratas? 
And are there any other major joint ventures or similar initiatives such 
as that of BMW in the middle of all of this? 
Warren Harris: 
Well, just let me clarify on Agratas. We're doing business that we are 
booking now for Agratas. There’re really 3 aspects of the partnership 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 29 
with Agratas at the moment. One is pack design. So, we are able to 
advance our coverage of the EV value chain to include now pack design. 
Previously, we were really focused upon systems integration and 
software development for batteries. Now we're actually standing up 
teams that are contributing to the development of packs for different 
use cases, not just within the 4-wheeler or passenger vehicle space, 
but also in the 3-wheeler and 2-wheeler space. 
 
We're also working with Agratas to help them digitize their enterprise. 
So, we are rolling out ERP and PLM systems for that organization. And 
we're also working with them to help them industrialize the 2 giga 
factories that they are selling out in Gujarat and the Southwest of the 
U.K. So, we expect that partnership to continue to scale and to continue 
to grow. But we are today booking revenue from that partnership, and it 
continues to grow as we expand our coverage. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we take the last question from the 
line of Santosh Keshri from SKK HUF. Please go ahead.  
Santosh Keshri: 
Thank you so much for taking my questions. I just have 2 questions. One 
is, first, is the amount that invested for the BMW JV. Have we invested 
in any amount so far? And what is the plan of investment for the next 2 
years? That's my first question. 
Warren Harris: 
Well, we are, again, constrained by confidentiality in terms of confirming 
specifically what we've done to help the JV get established. But what I 
can say is that we have invested in the transfer of resources, and we 
have invested in the setting up of infrastructure in Pune, in Bangalore 
and in Chennai. And that investment is part of the commitment that we 
are making to the partnership and to the joint venture. 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 30 
 
And we are fully confident given the business plan that we've 
established with BMW that those investments will be recovered in the 
relatively short term. Not only that, we also see that the direct business 
that we are delivering to BMW will continue to grow and scale. So, we 
think that, that investment is an investment that has been very well 
made and an investment that should help our organization, not just in 
terms of the financial results, but also in terms of the strategic 
endorsement and the brand endorsement that it represents for our 
organization. 
Santosh Keshri: 
Yes. But the thing is that what I can see in the balance sheet that's there 
for the 30th of September '24, the property, plant and equipment line 
as well as the intangible assets line doesn't have much of growth. It's 
actually a reduction as of September '24 compared to the March '24 
numbers. So, it appears that as you say that there has been some 
transfer of resources and some infrastructure is created. So of course, 
not telling you to reveal the numbers, but may I ask that is that 
appearing somewhere in the profit and loss account? That's why the 
profitability has gone down this quarter? 
Savitha Balachandran: 
No, the actual investment as far as the joint venture is 
concerned, at this point of time, financially speaking is really just the 
share capital investment from Tata Technologies, and that's not a very 
material amount. Therefore, what you see as change in fixed assets is 
simply the natural erosion because of depreciation and amortization of 
assets. There are no special or one-off effects because of JV or 
otherwise on that particular line item. 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 31 
Santosh Keshri: 
Okay. Great. And Savitha, one more question about other income. That 
is that though our cash balances have been increasing, we can -- I can 
see that the number for the other income has reduced based in the 
scenario and the yields have hardened -- sorry, the return on the 
assets have risen up generally in the economy. So, what is the reason 
that our other income has gone down from INR23 crores last quarter to 
the INR16 crores this quarter? 
Savitha Balachandran: 
So, I did address this as part of my opening remarks. To reiterate 
the point, there are 2 elements that have seen movement between the 
last quarter and this quarter. One is, like you rightly pointed out, there 
has been a reduction in the interest income that we earned. And you 
would recollect, we made a dividend payment of over INR400 crores -
- nearly INR410 crores that happened towards the end of Q1. 
 
So, the second quarter didn't really benefit from the full effect of the 
cash build-up that we've done during the course of the quarter. 
Therefore, the overall yield has been lower. This is also impacted 
because the cash for us is distributed across the various material 
geographies in which we operate. And there, as you know, we have 
started to see some reduction as far as rates are concerned. So 
therefore, there's been about INR2 crores of reduction in interest 
income sequentially. 
 
The second impact is the notional impact because of the -- some of 
the forex hedges that we currently have. These were contracted several 
months ago. And the rate, especially as far as dollars and pound is 
concerned, has moved adversely. So, this is more a translation effect 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
 
 
 
 
 
| 32 
that you've seen. The swing of that between quarter 1 and quarter 2 is 
roughly about INR5 crores to INR5.5 crores. 
Santosh Keshri: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Vijay Lohia for his closing 
comments. 
Warren Harris: 
Maybe before we close, let me just extend a very warm and happy 
Diwali to everybody on the call from everybody here in this room and 
everybody at Tata Technologies. 
Vijay Lohia: 
Thank you. Thanks, Warren, and thank you, everyone, for joining us on 
today's call. We hope that we've been able to answer most of your 
questions. If there are any further questions, please do not hesitate to 
get in touch with the Investor Relations team, and we'll be happy to 
answer your questions. Goodbye from all of us here. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Tata 
Technologies, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
