 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Corporate Office: 
                  Giriraj Annexe Circuit House Road  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                  HUBBALLI- 580 029 Karnataka State     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Phone : 0836- 2237511 
    Fax       : 0836 2256612 
    e-mail  : headoffice@vrllogistics.com  
 
Regd. & Admn. Office: Bengaluru Road Varur HUBBALLI -581 207 Karnataka State 
Phone: 0836 2237613 Fax: 0836- 2237614 e-mail: varurho@vrllogistics.com 
Customer Care: HUBBALLI
0836- 2307800 e-mail: customercare@vrllogistics.com 
Website: www.vrllogistics.comCIN: L60210KA1983PLC005247GSTIN (KAR): 29AABCV3609C1ZJ 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G-Block, 
Dalal Street 
 
 
 
 
 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: - 539118 
 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: - VRLLOG 
 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 (6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of the Earnings Presentation Call 
 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirement), Regulations 
2015, as amended, please find the attached transcript of the Earnings Presentation call held on                      
14th November 2024 for your information and records. This information is also available on Company’s 
website on below link: 
 
https://vrlgroup.in/investor_download/Investor_Meeting_on_14_November_2024_ Transcript.pdf 
 
 
You are requested to kindly take note of the same. 
 
 
For VRL LOGISTICS LIMITED 
 
 
 
ANIRUDDHA PHADNAVIS 
COMPANY SECRETARY & 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
 
PLACE: HUBBALLI 
DATE: 19.11.2024 
 
 
 
ANIRUDDHA 
ANIL 
PHADNAVIS
Digitally signed by 
ANIRUDDHA ANIL 
PHADNAVIS 
Date: 2024.11.19 
14:43:14 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“VRL Logistics Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
MR. SUNIL NALAVADI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – VRL LOGISTICS LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
 
MR. ALOK DEORA – MOTILAL OSWAL 
FINANCIAL SERVICES 
 
 
 

 
 
VRL Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to VRL Logistics Q2 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Alok Deora, from Motilal Oswal. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Alok Deora: 
Thank you, Siddhant. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Q2 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call of VRL Logistics. So we have with us today Mr. Sunil Nalavadi, the CFO of 
the company. 
 
So I'll now hand over the call to Mr. Nalavadi to give some opening remarks and discuss on the 
performance, and then we can pick up the Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Yes. Thank you, Mr. Alok ji. Good morning to all participants. I'm Sunil Nalavadi, CFO of VRL 
Logistics. I welcome all of you once again for the earning conference call for the quarter 2 of 
the financial year 2025. 
 
This is a strong quarter, marked by substantial revenue growth, improved profit margins and 
robust cash flow, demonstrating effective cost management and strategic execution in all the 
aspects by the management of the company. As communicated during the last call about the 
increase in freight rates, we have successfully implemented the freight rate hikes across all the 
sectors and geography. 
 
We believe that this exercise is great success to us to bring back our operational margins at 
optimum level along with maintaining growth in volumes. And please note that this is the first 
time we increased the rates without increase in freight rates and created a new trend in the 
industry. 
 
Our operations were normal during the quarter and overcome from the disturbances, such as 
labor shortage, driver leaves, etcetera. due to the general elections and heat waves faced during 
the quarter 1. This has resulted into improvement in our operational efficiencies, such as 
increasing kilometers covered by our own vehicles, improving in turnaround time of the 
vehicles, increase in load factor of the vehicles, control on dependency on hired vehicles, 
etcetera. 
 
Due to the improvement in our own vehicle utilization, the vehicle hire charges is drastically 
reduced as a percentage to the revenue in spite of increase in tonnage and slower addition of our 
owned vehicle capacity. Further, we established better control on the fuel cost by increasing the 
bulk purchase quantity with the discounted rates. 
 
On a year-on-year basis, for the quarter, the revenues increased from INR715 crores to INR802 
crores with a growth of 12%. The growth in revenue is mainly on account of increase in freight 
rates across all the sectors and geographies during the quarter, due to which the realization 
freight per tonnage is increased by almost 8% from INR6,681 per ton to INR7,241 per ton. 

 
 
VRL Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
The growth in revenue is also on account of growth in volumes by almost 4% from 10.48 lakhs 
metric tons to 10.93 lakhs metric tons. The growth in volumes is from enhancement in our branch 
network in Goods Transport business. Year-on-year basis, we added around 82 branches, and 
these branches contributed around 2.5% to the tonnage. 
 
We continued our initiative to increase the number of branches in the current quarter also and 
added around 12 new branches. The remaining growth in tonnage is from the existing market, 
predominantly by increase in contribution from the existing customers. Even though we saw 
muted growth in quarter 2 by most of the companies across the sectors, we are still in a position 
to show growth in volumes. 
 
This is mainly on account of well-established branch network across the country and 
improvement in service levels by route optimization in key routes and hub connections. The 
EBITDA has increased by 39% from INR98 crores to INR135 crores, and percentage to revenues 
increased from 14% to 17%. 
 
We reached EBITDA at our optimum level again, and this is mainly on account of increase in 
freight rates by passing all incremental costs, which were impacting the margins in the past. 
Further, the margin improvement is also due to good control on fuel expenses, which is a major 
cost of operation in our business. 
 
We further increased the bulk purchase quantity in the current quarter from 30% to 35% to the 
total quantity consumed. The fuel procurement cost per liter is reduced from INR87 to INR86. 
On overall basis, the fuel cost as a percentage to the revenue is reduced from 31% to 28% in 
spite of increase in quantity. 
 
The improvement in the operational efficiencies in the current quarter also leads to improvement 
in EBITDA margins. We saw major efficiency improvement in vehicle utilization by improving 
kilometers per vehicle and the increase in turnaround time of the vehicles and the load factor. 
This has resulted in to have a control on dependency on the hired vehicles, due to which the 
lorry hire charges reduced from 7% to 5.5% to the revenue, even though lower addition of own 
vehicle capacity in the current quarter. The rest of the expenses, even though increased in 
absolute terms, the percentage to the revenue reduced due to increase in freight realisations. 
 
The improvement in EBITDA leads to increase in EBIT and PAT margins in the current quarter. 
The PAT of the company increased from INR19 crores to INR36 crores, and percentage to the 
revenues increased from 2.7% to 4.5%. On a sequential basis also, we have seen drastic 
improvements in in terms of revenue growth and improvement in margins. The operational 
revenues increased from INR727 crores to around INR800 crores. 
 
And with other income, the revenues increased by around 8% from INR742 crores to INR802 
crores. The growth in revenue is contributed by increase in freight rates. And the realizations 
have improved from INR6,723 to INR7,241 per ton and increased by almost 8%, along with a 
growth in volume by around 2%. The EBITDA margin has improved from 13% to 17%, mainly 
driven by increase freight rates and improvement in efficiency and operations are normalised in 
the current quarter from the obstacles faced in quarter 1. 

 
 
VRL Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
With this, we reached a revenue of around INR1,544 crores for the first 6 months in the financial 
year '25, with a growth of around 10% on a year-on-year basis, with a net profit close to around 
INR50 crores. With the improvement in profitability and having good control on working 
capital, our post-tax net cash generated from the operating activities has been increased from 
INR209 crores to INR217 crores. 
 
Further, our business is B2B focused LTL business, the less than truck load business, with a 
customer base of around 9 lakh customers covering with a wide range of sectors. Our key 
strength is having the different mode of collections from the customers, and 85% of our less than 
truck load business is on paid and to-pay  basis, collecting the freight on spot from the customers 
immediately after the booking or completion of the service. 
 
Our receivable days from the customers is hardly around 12 days and which is lowest in the 
industry. Considering the improvement in turnaround time of the vehicles and control on usage 
of hired vehicles, we moved slower on the vehicle capex during the quarter and invested around 
INR18 crores in the current quarter. 
 
We also invested around INR43 crores to expand our own transshipment hub facility in 
Mangalore, and we are planning to have similar own facilities in Mysore and Bengaluru in 
coming days. With the improvements in cash flow and lowering capex, the net debt of the 
company reduced to INR259 crores. 
 
Considering to reward to the shareholders, the Board of Directors approved an interim dividend 
of INR5 per equity shares. The company experienced a strong quarter with a robust increase in 
freight realisations, along with the support of growth in volumes and notable improvement in 
profit margins supported by operational efficiencies. 
 
The cash flow from operations remain robust, positioning the company well for future growth 
and investments. With these achievements and the positive outlook, we are confident in 
maintaining momentum moving forward, both in terms of growth in the volumes as well as the 
realization. 
 
With this, I will conclude my initial remarks. Now I request participants to open for question 
and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
is from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI. 
Amit Dixit: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers in a very tough quarter. I have 2 questions. The first 
one is on capex. So if we look at capex, it is down 40%, if you look on H1 to H1 basis. Now 
with margins improving, it's a normalized quarter cost efficiencies coming in and 2 new 
transshipments you have alluded to in the presentation being set up. How do we see the capex 
trajectory in H2 and maybe FY '26? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Yes. Basically, see, about cash flow -- about the capital expenditures, see, one, the vehicle 
addition is going to continue based on the utilization level. So every quarter, see, we are 
expecting around INR30 crores to INR40 crores investment in the vehicles. And apart from that, 

 
 
VRL Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
the 2 facilities what we are planning in Mysuru and Bengaluru, for Mysore, there will be 
investment of around INR20 crores, INR22 crores. 
 
And for Bengaluru, actually, the total investment will be in the range of around INR240 crores 
to INR250 crores. And predominantly, the plan of the investment of these facilities is, see, 
basically, we are having a good cash flows. And in next half year, if you see, the generation from 
the operational activity will be in the range of at least around INR240 crores, INR250 crores, 
that is one. 
 
And the second thing is we also declared a dividend of INR5. So based on this, the ouflow for 
this will be around INR44 crores will go for a dividend and around INR240 crores, INR250 
crores goes for the Bangalore facility and around -- Mysore around INR21 crores to INR22 
crores and vehicles we can say, around INR40 crores to INR50 crores. 
 
With that, the total investment in next half year, if these projects are going to be invested, then 
total investment will be around INR350 crores. Against that, our -- the cash flow will be around 
INR240 crores. So the net debt addition will be around INR100 crores by end of 31st March. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay. That's very comprehensive. In FY '26, what kind of capex we can estimate? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
In 2016, again, predominantly, the capex will be towards vehicle itself. Based on the quantity 
improvements, we will decide on the investment into the vehicles. See, always, if you see as and 
when we grow, say, 4% to 5% in tonnage, then our capacity will be improved by around 3%, 
4% in that way. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay. So just wanted to understand, sir, that why in Bangalore, the capex is so high INR240 
crores to INR250 crores compared to Mysore and the other one? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Yes. The Bangalore is -- currently, we are using that facility on hire basis. The total area of that 
facility is spread across around 25 acres. And currently, we are paying rent for the same facility, 
almost around, say, INR1.5 crores per month.. And since the owner is willing to sell that property 
we have decided to buy and invest in that property. 
 
And basically, how it is going to benefit is, one is, we will save in the rental cost itself almost 
around INR17 crores, INR18 crores per annum. And apart from that, we have kept deposit of 
INR9 crores as of today, and we are losing almost around INR1 crores of benefit out of that also. 
And the net effective savings to the company will be in the range of around INR19 crores to 
INR20 crores per annum. Against that, if you calculate interest even at 8% to 8.15%, we are 
getting a loan proposal at that rate. 
 
So definitely, the company is not going to lose even single rupee by investing into that property. 
And basically, we can add some more added facility to that own facility, like workshop, 
maintenance facilities and all these things. And apart from that, the incremental rental cost over 
a period of time, actually, we can stop it. 

 
 
VRL Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
 
So one time, if we invest and after the repayment of the loan, the burden of the interest liability 
will come down. And moreover, there will not be any threat of shifting to the new premises or 
look at into the other premises that continuously that property is going to give benefit to us. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay. Understood, sir. The second question is on the procurement cost from refineries. Now we 
have already reached 35.51% this quarter. So do you think that this is the upper limit or how far 
we can stretch in terms of procurement of fuel from refinery? And associated question here is 
that what is the procurement cost differential between refinery and retail? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Yes. The refinery is now we can say it is at the optimum level. There are 1% or 2% changes will 
be there. So considering the spread in network, we cannot increase this quantities. Wherever we 
are consuming more quantity only in those places, we have established our own pumps and 
purchasing from the refineries. And in terms of the price difference, it is between around INR2, 
INR2.5 per liter difference between the refinery price versus the retail price. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Krupashankar NJ from Avendus Spark. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
Sir, my first question is on the price hikes, what you have already taken at the moment. You 
were indicating about 5% to 6%, but it has come in at around 8%. Just wanted to get a sense 
that, was there any benefit of mix with a higher lead distance in this quarter due to which the 
realization is higher? Or has there been an entire price hike of about 8% or so? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Yes. This 8% increase in the realization is completely increase in the price. And what exercise 
we did in the rate excesses also, one, we did increase in the basic freight rate. And apart from 
that, we collect some of the other charges from the customers in the same invoices, say, it may 
be toll charges, It may be like miscellaneous, stationary charges and all. Actually, we revised in 
those rates also. So considering the revision in those miscellaneous charges and basic freight, 
the overall realization has been improved by 8%, and this is purely increase in freight rates. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
Okay. So is it fair to assume, sir, that given that you have broken down the fare breakup across 
toll charges and so on, any increment in toll rates going ahead on an annual basis, whatever we 
see, will automatically gets passed through? Or is it like we will continue to take a call on pricing 
depending on how customers react to it? Something you can throw some light on? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Yes. Basically, see, always, we take a call -- not only toll charges, we will see the movement in 
all the expenses as and when we'll revise the prices. See toll charges is one of the part of it. Even 
in the historically, if you see, whenever the toll charges are increased, actually, we have not 
increased only the portion of the toll charges because again, whenever we wish to face the 
customers, we go with increasing all the aspects of the rates rather than one element of the rates 
are like that. Again, it will become the same exercise to convince to the customers. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
Right, right. And on the point of convincing customers, I think, you have grown at about 4% -- 
the tonnage has grown at about 4%. Just wanted to get a sense, sir, see, in the last conference 
call, you had mentioned that in the July month, the group was close to about 7% in tonnage. So 
what -- as in we are gearing up for festive season, what changed after that? Why has it come 
down quite drastically? Can you throw some light on that also? 

 
 
VRL Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
No, basically, see, we indicated a growth of around 12% in revenue, but we did more than that, 
almost around 13% growth in the overall revenue on a year-on-year basis. And moreover, the 
tonnage increase, as you are acknowledging from the market, that many companies are 
announcing the results now. 
 
So most of the companies are declared a muted growth or negative growth across all the sectors. 
So basically, the across industry, there is a lower demand. But we are doing additional effort by 
opening the new branches, new geography, and we are continuously trying to add the new 
customers. 
 
So because of that, actually, we are in a position to reach at least around 4% growth in the 
tonnage. And apart from that, even if we see some of the logistics companies, who have already 
announced the results. But most of the companies have declared muted growth in the tonnage. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
Got it. In second half, any expectations or any guidance on how you are seeing the tonnage 
growth coming through? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Yes, definitely, we will maintain some of the tonnage growth. Obviously, see, we have to put 
additional efforts by opening up of new branches and new geographies. That effort continuously 
we are doing. And definitely, see, there will be growth in the tonnage on a year-on-year basis. 
And apart from that, the realization, definitely, we will maintain this whatever hike in the rates 
are there. These rates have been already accepted by the customers, and this will be maintained 
even in the future. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
Right. Sir, one more question, if I may. On the tonnage growth side. So just while I appreciate 
that you have given the branch addition, what was the contribution of the incremental branch 
addition over the last 1 year in the presentation? Can you throw some light on -- because we 
have been adding branches over the last 3 years? Can you throw some light on what has been 
the contribution if I were to take a cumulative basis over the last 3 years? What would have been 
the new branches contribution to our overall tonnage? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
We opened almost around close to around 250 plus branches in the last 2 years. And definitely, 
the branches are contributing almost around 8% to 10% to the total tonnage on a booking basis. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
Understood, sir. Understood. Okay. And also if your -- if the tonnage outlook is going to be 
relatively muted, are we hurrying up with respect to vehicle addition? Or could we wait for some 
more time before adding these incremental capacities on vehicles? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Sorry? 
Krupashankar NJ: 
So with respect to the tonnage growth overall, we had anticipated earlier, the starting of the year 
about 12%, 13%, but then we turned cautious with respect to truck addition based on the 
underlying tonnage growth. Is it fair to assume that given that commentary also is quite weak 
across macro, will you take a very cautious approach to fleet addition? Or is it going to be like 
you're committed to spending that INR40 crores to INR50 crores per quarter towards vehicles? 

 
 
VRL Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
No, basically, it will be a cautious decision. See always what we do, we add the vehicle only if 
the vehicles are required for our operations. So depending on the growth in tonnage and the 
substitute is always available, we can switch over to the outside vehicle on an immediate basis. 
If there is continuous demand, then we can add our own vehicle capacity. So that cautious step 
will always be there. And with that, actually, we are expecting the additional tonnage growth. 
And accordingly, we have to incur capex. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from Achal Lohade from Nuvama Institutional Equities. 
Achal Lohade: 
Sir, the first question I had was with respect to you have taken the price hike of 8%, has the 
competition also followed a similar increase? If not, what is the price difference between us and 
the competition now? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Yes. Basically, after our announcement, even many companies have announced the increase in 
the rate. And see, step by step, again, other operators are also following the increase in the rates. 
And for this period, yes, there was a gap. But depending on our service level and the safety of 
the consignment and basically, the overall efficiency in the service, then definitely, we can -- we 
are the first movers in the market to increase the rates. 
 
So whatever we thought on that, actually, it has been accepted by the customers, and we are in 
a position to increase the rate along with the maintenance of growth in tonnage. But considering 
this fact, even many other operators also following this step, after our announcement in rate 
increase. 
Achal Lohade: 
Is that a similar quantum? Or if it is just 1% to 3% types? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
So depending on their nature of customers, actually, they are taking the call. 
Achal Lohade: 
Okay. Sir, I mean, just a related question. What we had seen in the past is that we found it very 
difficult to increase the price in the past, right? So what has changed according to you? Where 
is that conviction coming from that this price increase will go through? And when was the last 
time we have taken this kind of a price increase and what was the experience? So how it is 
different and why it has changed, if you could elaborate a little bit? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
No. Basically, in the past, we used to increase the freight rates only when there is an increase in 
the diesel price. And the whole industry used to work towards that. Whenever fuel rate increase 
only during that time, they used to increase the freight rates. But this is the first time considering 
the increase in other expenses. It may be toll charges, it may be employee cost, it may be rental 
expenditures. 
 
So considering increase in these costs, actually, we have taken a call to increase the rates, and 
we are in a position to convince the customers on this aspect. And the same trend is also 
following by the other operators. See, we are the first movers on the rate increase, you can say. 
Achal Lohade: 
Correct. Where I'm coming from is that, is there a change in the industry structure, what you're 
seeing? Is there less competitive intensity? Have the unorganized segment kind of seen a 
reduction for whatever reason? If you could throw some light on those, that aspect as well? 

 
 
VRL Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Yes. Obviously, you see the customers need a service. If you provide a good service, then 
definitely, we can charge rates or increase the rates. And moreover, even in some of the states, 
wherever we established or we have entered into in the last 2 years, especially in the Eastern, 
Northeast market, even the Northern side, there, actually, we have given very competitive rates 
initially. So considering those aspects also, now depending on the attachment of the customers 
in those areas, again, we have taken a call on increase in rates. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. In terms of the branch addition, you mentioned 250 branches we have added in the 
last 2 years, and that contributed to 10% of the volume. Now wanted to understand your thought 
process going forward from next, let's say, 2-, 3-year perspective? How many branches do you 
think need to add? Where are these -- like, where are the white spaces left in a particular region, 
district, any segment? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Yes. Basically, see, in the next 5 months, again, we are going to add another 40, 45 branches. 
On a full year basis, we are planning to add at least around 80 to 100 branches even going 
forward. That is what the thought process is. And it is completely into the untapped market, 
especially in the Eastern, North and Northeast markets. 
 
There, actually, even in the Indian map, what we presented in the presentation, you see the 
number of branches state-wise, we are having still very low presence in UP, Bihar, Jharkhand 
and Rajasthan, even for that matter West Bengal. So we are planning to add more number of 
branches in these areas. 
Achal Lohade: 
Right. And any experience you could share, how easy or difficult it is to move from South to 
non-South? Because we hear in the other industry, the experience has been a bit more painful, a 
bit more difficult one. So any... 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Obviously, We have to compete with the local competitors. And see, they are very strong in that 
particular route. But thanks to the increase in the compliance levels by introducing with GST, e-
way bill and e-invoice because of that now across India, there are same practices. Earlier, there 
were a lot of differences between on the compliances between the states. 
 
Now the difference is not there. All the states, every route, every vehicle owners or every 
operator in the country has to follow the same rules and regulations. So that is giving more 
comfort for us to being a organized player, actually, we can open up branches in those areas. 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. Sir, just last question, if I may. With respect to industry mix. Let's say, for first half of 
last year, what is the industry mix in terms of our customer segment? Like I remember textile is 
a large market for us. 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
I mean, the product-wise, yes, the cloth and textile, which is majorly contributing to our tonnage, 
is almost around 16% to 18%. And next is followed by agriculture commodities, that is in the 
range of around 9% to 10%. And remaining all pharma industrial groups, the hardware, those 
are all in the range of around 5% to 6%. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Jainam Shah from Equirus Securities. 

 
 
VRL Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Jainam Shah: 
Sir, just wanted to recheck on the capex part. Are we doing around INR240 crores for Bangalore, 
INR20 crores for other facility and around INR30 crores, INR40 crores, let's say, INR50 crores 
for the vehicles, that would be INR300 crores in the second half. This is the understanding 
correct? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Around INR350 crores, yes. 
Jainam Shah: 
Okay, sir. I just wanted to check on the cash... 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
INR350 crores including dividend, I'm saying, the total cash outflow. 
Jainam Shah: 
Okay. Sir, just wanted to check on the cash flow side, as you told that we'll be increasing our net 
debt by INR100 crores, whereas if you see our 1H cash flow, we have done INR215 crores of 
cash flow from operation. But that rental cost, which is part of our interest and depreciation, is 
almost, sir, more than INR95 crores and that our interest cost is around INR12 crores. 
 
So overall, we are paying INR105 crores into this cost. If we deduct then our cash flow from 
operation is around INR100 crores to INR110 crores. Then after INR350 crores of outflow, our 
net debt would be getting doubled from INR250 crores to INR500 crores or something is missing 
over here? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
So the Ind AS impact is, yes, definitely around INR40 crores to INR50 crores impact will be 
there. And even after removing that, definitely, the future cash flow, what we are expecting at 
least around INR200-plus crores, we are expecting in the next 6 months. 
Jainam Shah: 
Okay. So around INR150 crores, there will be an increase in the net debt. 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Yes, the debt increase will be in the range of around INR100-plus crores -- INR100 crores, 
INR120 crores overall. 
Jainam Shah: 
Okay. Sir, just recheck -- I just wanted to have your understanding on this. Of course, it's 
business decision to have a particular parcel on our books rather than paying on our rent. Overall, 
if we see capital employed is at around INR1,000 crores, whereas we are doing this much capex 
of INR300 crores. 
 
It is getting increased by 33%. Of course, you'll be seeing it from an interest rate perspective, 
but market would be seeing it from a return ratio perspective. So is it matching of paying, let's 
say, INR250 crores and benefit of INR18 crores on a yearly, which is wherein our overall 
generalized return ratio will be more than 12%, 13%? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
No. Will you repeat your question, please? 
Jainam Shah: 
So basically, our capital employed as of now is around... 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Your voice is not clear. 
Jainam Shah: 
Yes. I'm just saying that our capital employed is as of -- as on 30th September is around 
INR1,000 crores. We are paying, let's say, INR250 crores for these facilities. It is getting 

 
 
VRL Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
increased by around 25%, and we are saving around 18% -- INR18 crores rent on a yearly basis. 
So just wanted to have your thinking of the same that, of course, we are saving on the interest 
by -- of course, we are saving on the rent, but on the other hand, we'll be paying on the interest 
as well as return ratios would be dilutive going forward with this much of high capex. 
 
So of course, you are seeing that your outflow from the rent will be decreased. But at the end of 
the day, net debt effect is coming similar and our net debt is getting increased. So return ratio 
wise, it will be dilutive. So what's your thought on debt perspective because we are making 13%, 
14%, whereas this saving would be somewhere around 8%. 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
No, for the shorter period of time, yes, definitely, there will be impact on the return ratios. But 
if you see the long term, there will not be further spend on these assets as such. And moreover, 
as and when we repay the loan, then the capital employed will come down. 
Jainam Shah: 
Got it, sir. And sir, this facility would be like -- we'll be getting benefit from, let's say, medium 
to long term, at least, we will not be adding up any other thing at the Bangalore because this 
would be enough for the next 5, 10 years... 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Yes, definitely. 
Jainam Shah: 
Got it, sir. 
Alok Deora: 
And see, just I want to clarify on this. See, currently, anyway, it is on the lease property. So 
based on the Ind AS adjustment, we are already creating provision for the interest and 
depreciation. Basically, it is a part of the rent only. So going forward, what can happen, purely, 
the interest cost will be there, and there is a small amount of depreciation because majority of 
the portion of this area is the land portion. 
 
So on this, there will not be depreciation and always, there will be appreciation in the value. And 
moreover, there is always threat that there is an increment in higher rental costs because the new 
airport, that in Palani, it is very closer to this facility. And it is more -- since we are operating in 
more than 10-plus year, we are the hands-on experience using this facility for our business. 
 
And being the Bangalore is one of the key market for us, that's the reason this investment is very 
much necessary for us, and it will make good return ratio or good returns even going forward. 
The reason is, one, on the -- there will not be threat on the increase in the rental cost. And 
moreover, we can keep on -- we can create some additional facility about the maintenance and 
other facilities in the same premises. 
 
And definitely about -- see, basically, other infrastructure we can invest and we can create more 
value in the same premises. That's what I'm saying. So that's the reason, definitely, it'll create 
good value in the company going forward. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from line of Priyam from KP Capital. 
Priyam: 
Sir, I have 2 questions. I understand that your in-source trucking model provides like control 
and flexibility advantages. But do you think it hampers the ability to scale? Like I would imagine 

 
 
VRL Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
that operation complexity would be very high with such a high number of employees and 
aspects. 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Will you ask again, Madam. Your voice is not clear. 
Priyam: 
Hello. Is it clear now? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Yes. 
Priyam: 
Sir, I understand that your in-sourced trucking model provides control and flexibility advantages. 
But do you think it hampers the ability to scale? Like, I would imagine that operational 
complexity would be very high with such a number of employees and aspects. 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Yes. But even if you take other -- see, for the own infrastructure, this kind of employee strength 
is necessary. And basically, see all drivers, we are giving permanent employment status to the 
drivers. Basically, in India, what is happening, most of the operators are depending on the outside 
vehicles, and the availability of the drivers is acute problem in the industry. 
 
But we are masters in management of the drivers. Basically, we are giving full-time employment 
to the drivers along with all statutory benefits. So because of the retention of the drivers and 
other labors, actually, we're in a position to run our operations very smoothly. 
Priyam: 
Okay. I got it. And sir, next is, who do you think is your direct competitor? Is it just local 
competitors or any other companies? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Yes. Considering our nature of business, the area of less than truck load market is a widespread 
market, we are having competition both from the local operators as well as some regional players 
and national players also. So depending on nature and depending on the customers, we are 
having different kind of marketing structure, different kind of the persons to do marketing. 
 
In smaller towns and all, actually, our branch managers themselves will do a marketing activity. 
And similarly, we are having area managers. Actually, they are responsible for a particular area 
to do marketing and retention of the customers is also their responsibility. 
 
And in metro cities, we're having an exclusive marketing team. They do the corporate marketing, 
especially in Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai, Bangalore, in around 8 to 10 cities, we are having market 
team. They do exclusively marketing to take care of the corporate clients. So there, actually, the 
competition will be the national players. For the local branches and area managers level, there 
are regional players and local players, they are the competitors. 
Priyam: 
And at national level, who is your direct competitor? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
we do not a direct competitor. It is one small leg of operations, actually. See, in the contractual 
customer, what we disclosed in our presentation, the account customers, which is contributing 
around 15% to the tonnage. There, actually, we are having the competition with the national 
operators. But in their case, actually, the 100% of revenue is contractual customers. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Vikram from PhillipCapital. 

 
 
VRL Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Vikram: 
Sir, when you say that the improvement in service level and route optimization, can you give 
some examples because I think we have been already doing great work in that area. So is there 
any further... 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Yes, basically, just I want to give some highlights about how the kilometers per vehicle increased 
on a quarter-on-quarter basis. See, in the first quarter, if you see 10 to 15-tonnage capacity 
vehicle, we used to do around 175 kilometers per day. Now that has been improved by around 
194 kilometers. 
 
And similarly, in 15 to 20 ton capacity, we used to do around 222 kilometers per day. Now it 
has been increased to 250 kilometers. These are the main segments, more number of vehicles 
we are having. There, actually, we have seen around 8% to 10% increase in the kilometers 
covered by per vehicle per day. 
 
And similarly, what exercise we are doing, basically, we are working towards a minimum TPT 
concept. In the sense, wherever the consignments are reaching, around 3 to 4 transhipments to 
reach end destination, we are planning, how to reduce it into 2 transhipment hub. And wherever 
2 transhipment the consignments are reaching, how to make it one or direct from branch to 
branch, like this. 
 
This is a continuous exercise, actually giving good result and turnaround time of the vehicles are 
improving. And basically, we are avoiding the time, which vehicles are waiting for the loading 
and unloading activities on a multiple times. 
Vikram: 
Okay. Now understood. And how would be your share of Express parcel business? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
No, Express, we do not have. Actually, we call it as a door-to-door service. Basically, almost 
around 35% to 38% of our total business is door to door in the sense we pick up from the door 
and deliver to the door of the customer. That is similar to like Express Cargo. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Pranay Roop Chatterjee from Burman Capital. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
So my question is with respect to your volume growth. So in the first half, we saw about 5.5% 
growth. How do you see the festive month of October? How has it been for you? And after the 
festive month, do you see demand having completely fallen off or remaining steady? Like just 
in terms of growth, should we expect similar performance in the festive? Or has it been weaker 
than expected? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Yes. Festival, see, we did some good tonnage in the month of October. And the good thing is 
about -- with the increase in freight rates. So that will give you a further enhancement on the 
margin side. That's what we are expecting. And similarly, in the next half year, the tonnage 
growth will be similar to what we did in the first half year with the increase in rate. So that will 
give a lot of boost to our margins. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
Got it, sir. Sir, my last question is, you gave a broad split of your sectors with clothing and 
textiles and agricultural commodities being your key segments. So is it possible to split your end 

 
 
VRL Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
factors into those, which are actually showing healthy growth, those who are flat and those who 
are actually declining? Or is it like broad-based muted demand? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Yes. Now actually, see, the growth in all the sectors, all the commodities, the growth is there. 
But key thing is on the geography side, actually, since we opened more of the branches in North, 
Eastern, Northeast market there, actually, the growth rates are very high, in terms of percentage, 
because the base itself is smaller and in percentage terms, definitely, the growth is in the range 
of around 17%, 18% compared to, say, around 3%, 4% growth in the established market in the 
Southern and Western markets. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
Okay. So let me understand it this way. So you pointed out that the new branch addition has 
contributed to about... 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
No just I will clarify on the product side again. So the product side, actually, we are not targeting 
on a particular product or a particular commodity. So basically, whenever we go into a particular 
market, say, for example, we entered into the Guwahati, whatever materials are available in that 
area, actually, we will target. 
 
It may be agriculture product, it may be pharma product, anything. So unless we go with the 
product available in that particular area rather than having some planning for only agriculture 
commodity or textile market, we will not do that. We will understand the local market and 
accordingly, we concentrate on the products. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
Got it, sir. That's perfectly clear. Just a follow-up on this. You mentioned that there was a 2.5% 
contribution from the new branches to your tonnage growth, right? So -- and your overall 
tonnage growth was mid-single digit, right? So like the retail industry discloses something like 
same-store sales growth, which is basically how much growth on your assets, which you had 
only last year and excluding the growth from new. So is it fair to say your same branch growth, 
like the branches you had last year, those have actually remained flat and the entire growth is 
only from new branch addition, is that a fair statement? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Yes, the new branch addition is around 2.5% in the current year, I'm saying, in the last 1-year 
growth. But if you take overall in the last 2 years expansion in the branches, then definitely, 
whatever new addition is coming because of the new branches, the whatever additional tonnage 
is coming. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
Okay. So is there any signs that you see that which says that growth is actually coming back in 
some of your existing assets, like you might actually grow without branch additions. Is that time 
anywhere in sight? Or we are still yet to see that? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Look, there is -- again, it is completely depend on how the industry moves. And basically, you 
see in the current market, if you are seeing -- a lot of many companies, if you see the product-
wise, the key manufacturing or it may be consumer durables and if any product, the listed entity 
data is immediately available and most of the companies are having a muted growth. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Alok Deora from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 

 
 
VRL Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Alok Deora: 
So questions on the volume have been asked in different ways. Just wanted to understand with 
this price hike now undertaken, what kind of volume growth we are expecting for 2H of '25, FY 
'25 and in FY '26? And further price hikes we can take in FY '26? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Yes. Just I want to clarify about the tonnage and the realization. Basically, we did say, almost 
around 5% plus in the half year and in terms of the tonnage growth. Going forward, also in next 
half year, we're expecting at least around 4% to 5% growth in the tonnage with the current 
realizations what we are having. So by doing this, what will happen, definitely, our margins will 
improve further. 
 
The reason is the portion of the fixed expenses as a percentage to the revenue will come down. 
And moreover, since we are doing a lot of efforts on the increase in the efficiency within the 
organization, definitely, that will give additional boost to the margins. That's one. And in '26, by 
that time, rates will be completely absorbed in the market. We can definitely expect better 
tonnage growth in FY '26 from the current level. 
Alok Deora: 
So in FY '26, could it be, like, 8% to 10% growth or even higher tonnage growth? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Yes. Again, depending on the industry, it is possible. But definitely, we can expect better tonnage 
from the current year. 
Alok Deora: 
Got it. But sir, this price hike impact has already come in this year. Now next year, the pace will 
also get on the higher side in terms of realization, right? So if we don't take any price hike for 
the next year, then is it -- could it be a case where next year, our revenue growth would largely 
be whatever is the volume growth of 8% to 10%? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
So basically, rate increase, it depends on the movement on the cost structure. And depending on 
the movement in costs, we will decide on the rates. See, if you're having the optimum level of 
EBITDA, then definitely instead of going for a rate increase, we will concentrate more on 
increase in volumes. 
Alok Deora: 
Got it. Got it. So the price hike could come through. But if it does not come through, the volume 
growth could be there. So on a blended basis, it could be more like a 12%, 13% revenue growth 
could continue in FY '26 as well? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Yes, definitely. Yes. 
Alok Deora: 
Got it. Got it. Just one1 last question. This margin is 16-plus percent in this quarter. So is there 
any sort of one-off also or this margin could continue in 3Q, 4Q as well? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
No. This is a sustainable EBITDA margin. Basically, the reason is this EBITDA, we achieved 
based on the increase in rates as well as increase in the tonnage. And the increase in rates has 
been already accepted by the customers, and we are going forward. Further, there will not be 
anything that actually we may offer a discount or something like that. So that's the reason we 
are very clear that these realizations are going to be continued. And if these realizations are 
continued, then definitely, our EBITDA margins will be at a current level. The 16% EBITDA is 
going to be continued even going forward. 

 
 
VRL Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Next was a follow-up question from the line of Achal Lohade from Nuvama Institutional 
Equities. 
Achal Lohade: 
Sir, just 2 questions. First, on the fixed expense, if you could tell us of the current cost, excluding 
if we have to see, what is the fixed expense per month for us? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
See, almost around 30%, 35% of our costs are fixed in nature, especially the employee cost is 
fixed in nature. The rental expenses, which is almost around 8% to 9% to the revenue, it is fixed 
in nature. And the vehicle insurance, the vehicle taxes, what we are paying, these are all fixed 
in nature. See, totally around 30%, 35% expenses to the revenue are fixed in nature. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. And that typically will grow at 6%, 7%, right? Or could that be even lower than 
that? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Sometimes around 8% or so. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. The second question I had, you mentioned about 35% to 38% of the volumes are 
door-to-door deliveries, right, the Express parcel, right? So is it like -- exactly like an Express 
parcel business? Or is there any further difference? And what is the price difference between us 
and the, let's say, Gati or TCI Express realization for that particular segment? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
See, door-to-door service, always our rates and Express Cargo rates are similar. There will not 
be much difference. Because in all the cases, what will happen, in Express Cargo, there will be 
additional cost of door pickup and door delivery. Normally, it is at least around INR2 per kg 
higher than the normal rates. That INR2 is nothing, but it is an additional cost for door pickup 
and door delivery. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. And what is typically the normal rate... 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
And just I want to clarify, since you mentioned the other Express Cargo Company, but the 
difference between them and us is they are highly depending on the corporate. But in our case, 
even on door-to-door delivery, non-corporate business other than contractual business. See, for 
example, total corporate business itself is 15%. 
 
The another 15%, 20% door pickup, door delivery is other than contractual business for us. The 
reason here is whenever we wish to increase the rate or wherever we want to pass on the 
additional cost to the customers, we can do it easily. That is not possible in other companies, 
who are completely depending on the contract customers. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. And what's the split in LTL, FTL, for us, sir? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Yes, LTL is around 90%. FTL is around 10%. 
Achal Lohade: 
And has that changed over last year, last 2, 3 years? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
No, it is very similar mix. And FTL is, again, it is not our core activity. So wherever actually, 
we do not have a return load, whatever vehicle needs to be, reach to the original destination, 
only in those cases, we are doing FTLs. 

 
 
VRL Logistics Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. And just last question, if I may, with respect to whatever the initiatives the 
government is taking from a regulation perspective, specifically for the logistics industry, 
whether it is Gati Shakti Terminals and so on so forth, right, warehouses etcetera. Does that 
benefit us? Or it's really no significant change for us? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
For us, see, we are into LTL market, less than truck load. See, we are not into the bulk 
commodities. But on the compliance side, whatever more and more modifications are coming 
actually, those are supporting to us. And on the bulk transportation side, whatever modification 
the government is doing, it will support us, but not directly to us. 
Achal Lohade: 
Not for us. Understood. And just LNG truck, what is your thought on this particular, like, is 
there anything we have in terms of LNG fleet? And any plans to get there? 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
No. See, as and when the new product and new commodities comes up, always, we analyze it 
very closely. And if it is going to benefit to us, then only we invest into those products. And 
good thing in our case is we are very closely working with OEMs. Since we're having a direct 
tie-up with the OEMs, especially for supply of vehicle, supply of spare parts. 
 
See, basically, we are into bulk purchase for them. We are the bigger customers for all OEMs. 
So that's the reason we are working very closely with them. And when any development in the 
-- on this aspect, definitely, we are the first people to -- if it is beneficial to the operator, then we 
are the first people to invest into those projects. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sunil 
Nalavadi for closing comments. 
Sunil Nalavadi: 
Yes. Thank you very much for all the participants and all your patience hearing. Basically, 
definitely, we are confident to maintain our growth level along with increase in the rates. So our 
margins are very intact as of today. And definitely, we are going to continue these margins even 
going forward. So with these closing remarks, I would like to conclude this call. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services, that concludes this conference. We thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
