 
 
 
 
 
Cummins India Limited 
  
Registered Office 
 
Cummins India Office Campus 
 
Tower A, 5th Floor, Survey No. 21, Balewadi  
Pune 411 045 Maharashtra, India 
Phone +91 20 67067000 Fax +91 20 67067015  
cumminsindia.com 
cil.investors@cummins.com 
            CIN : L29112PN1962PLC012276 
 
 
 
Ref: STEX/SECT/2024 
November 11, 2024 
 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 500480 
NSE Symbol: CUMMINSIND 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Q2 and H1 FY 2024-25 Results Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Schedule III and Regulation 46(2) of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and with reference to our stock exchange intimation 
dated October 16, 2024, regarding Q2 and H1 FY 2024-25 Results Conference Call, 
please find enclosed herewith transcript of the said call held on November 8, 2024. 
Kindly take this intimation on your record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Cummins India Limited 
 
 
Vinaya A. Joshi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A25096 
(This letter is digitally signed) 
 
Encl.: As above. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Vinaya 
Abhijit Joshi
Digitally signed by 
Vinaya Abhijit Joshi 
Date: 2024.11.11 
13:55:55 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Cummins India Limited 
Q2 FY 2024-'25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHVETA ARYA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
CUMMINS INDIA LIMITED. 
MR. AJAY PATIL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
CUMMINS INDIA LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Cummins India Limited Q2 FY 2024-'25 
Earnings Conference Call. We hope you all are keeping safe and healthy. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the commentary concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
 
I will now hand the conference over to Ms. Shveta Arya, Managing Director, Cummins India 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Shveta Arya: 
Thank you. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I hope all of you are doing well and staying 
safe and healthy. Welcome to the Cummins India Limited quarter two financial year 2024-'25 
earnings conference call. I'm Shveta Arya, Managing Director of Cummins India Limited. 
Joining me on the call today is Ajay Patil, Chief Financial Officer of Cummins India Limited. 
Thank you all of you for joining us today. 
 
Now I would like to share the financial results of quarter two financial year '24-'25. For the 
quarter ended September 30th, 2024, with respect to the same quarter last year, our sales at 
INR2,444 crores are higher by 31% compared to INR1,871 crores recorded in the same quarter 
last year. Domestic sales at INR2,008 crores are higher by 47%. Exports at INR440 crores are 
lower by 13%.Profit before tax at INR594 crores is higher by 39% compared to the same quarter 
last year. 
For the quarter ended September 30th 2024, with respect to the previous quarter, our sales at 
INR2,448 crores are higher by 8% compared to INR2,262 crores recorded in the last quarter. 
Domestic sales at INR2,008 crores are higher by 7%. Exports at INR440 crores are higher by 
13%. Profit before tax at INR594 crores is higher by 8% compared to the previous quarter. 
 
I would now like to share the segment by sales breakup for the quarter ended September 30, 
2024. For the domestic business, Power Generation domestic sales were INR896 crores, 84% 
higher compared to last year; and 12% higher compared to last quarter. Distribution business 
sales were INR658 crores, 20% higher compared to last year and 1% higher compared to last 
quarter. 
Industrial domestic business sales were at INR406 crores, 35% higher compared to last year and 
9% higher compared to last quarter. For the exports business, high horsepower exports were at 
INR200 crores, 24% lower compared to last year and 1% lower compared to last quarter. Low 
horsepower exports were INR198 crores, 5% lower compared to last quarter and -- to last year 
and 28% higher compared to last quarter. 
 
Cummins India financial guidance. Regarding the sales outlook for the full year 2024-'25, we 
expect to have double-digit revenue growth over the fiscal year. That's it from my side. I'll now 
open the session for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much ma’am. We will now begin with the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Shveta, congratulations on a great quarter. Ma'am my first question is on the pricing of the CPCB 
IV+ engines. So now -- we have almost 2 quarters now. And so from the starting point when 
you had introduced these engines and then there was a deferral, so from that point to this point, 
have you seen any correction in prices? 
Shveta Arya: 
So you're right, CPCB IV+ was announced last year, and then we transitioned to full CPCB IV+ 
this year, 1st of July. We are watching this space. We had launched our products last year. We 
are seeing all the other products from other players getting launched now. And so I think we will 
see what happens to pricing in the coming 2 quarters. That's how I think this will play out in the 
next 2 quarters. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
But your own pricing, when it was introduced, the engine was introduced until now, so have you 
seen any correction in prices? Are you still maintaining those prices? 
Shveta Arya: 
We are mostly maintaining those prices as of now since we launched. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. And my second question is on the nodes. I think you have some advantage. I mean you 
have more nodes in the market versus the competition. And now you said that more nodes are 
coming in from the competition. So do you think you have some fair advantage because you 
have more nodes in the market, and hence, you are able to capture a larger share of the market? 
And as competition introduces more product, do you think that potentially there is a case that 
you may lose some of this market share gains? 
Shveta Arya: 
I would say that customers will now have more choices in the market for sure. We work amongst 
one of the first few players to launch the full range of products in the market. In the meantime, 
we have continuously worked on improving our supply chain, making sure that our product is 
well accepted in the market. We do have a strong brand in the market. So we do think we are 
pretty well positioned in the CPCB IV+ space in the market. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. And what will be the differential within the competition prices and our prices in the market 
now? 
Shveta Arya: 
We are watching the space. Pricing will play out in our view in the next few quarters. We have 
seen products getting launched. So we are watching this space. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. This is the last question on the exports market. Now this is the fourth consecutive quarter 
of recovery in exports. If you can help us understand the demand from the end markets and 
which geographies have recovered? And how do you see this demand panning out for us to play 
out? 
Shveta Arya: 
So from an export perspective, specifically speaking about the quarter that went by, we saw 
some good orders coming in from Latin America and from Europe. The Middle East, Asia 
Pacific, Africa regions remains muted. So these are mixed signals. There are geopolitical 
situations around that. We provide our products to a wide range of countries. So we do see mixed 
signals. But for the quarter gone by, we definitely saw great orders coming from in Latin 
America and Europe regions. 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Subhadip Mitra from Nuvama. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Congratulations for an excellent set of results. My first question is to -- what we're trying to 
understand is out of the overall INR2,400 crores of top line that you have come up with, what 
rough percentage of that would be CPCB IV sale? 
Shveta Arya: 
Thank you for the question. Thank you for -- I can share with you that in the domestic power 
gen market, out of the INR2,448 crores, the overall domestic market number I shared with you 
at INR2,008 crores, of which, our power gen number is around INR896 crores for the quarter. 
That is PowerGen and the mix continues to be in the last quarter, mostly CPCB IV+ from CPCB 
II, but mostly CPCB IV+, as you will understand, CPCB IV+ is below 800 kilowatts, and above 
that is CPCB II range. So there is a mix there of CPCB II and CPCB IV+. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Understood. Secondly, I think in the -- in your present commentary for this particular quarter, it 
was mentioned that there is still some lingering benefit of CPCB II presales. So has there been 
any CPCB II-related presale benefit that has still continued in 2Q? 
Shveta Arya: 
No, no. CPCB presale is all over, and we flushed out all the inventory now. So in this quarter, 
there is no CPCB presale benefit. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Perfect. Perfect. That is understandable. Secondly, I just wanted to understand that in this 
particular quarter, clearly, gross margin numbers have seen a bit of an impact. Is this largely 
because of higher import component that we're seeing for CPCB IV? 
Shveta Arya: 
No. This is largely due to the mix that plays out for us. When we -- in this quarter, there is a 
large share of the projects business, as we call it, where we do installation and commissioning 
for some of our gen sets in the -- and so because of that, it's the mix playing out. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Understood. So we anticipate gross margins to kind of revert back to normalized levels once this 
project business execution is done? 
Shveta Arya: 
It's the regular part of the business. Projects business continues for us as do the other sales. So 
there are some quarters where we do a larger share of that kind of business. We do sometimes 
larger share of the other sales. So it's a continuous part of our business. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Understood. Understood. Last question from my side is, I understand there is a good component 
of operating leverage benefit also, which would have probably come in this quarter, leading to 
these kind of EBITDA margins. So would you believe that this range of EBITDA margin can 
continue? And what kind of capacity utilization are we getting on that? 
Shveta Arya: 
So from a margin perspective, we've been putting continuous efforts really. We do have good 
volumes. There are cost management and material margin improvement programs that we 
continuously work on. So all of that is ongoing work for us, which is mostly to provide the right 
value to our customers in the market, and that is going to continue for us. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
And in terms of capacity utilization, any number you would like to talk about? 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Shveta Arya: 
There are -- so there's a large -- there's a wide range of products that we manufacture in our 
plants. And our capacities are utilized quite well at this point in time, more than -- on an average, 
more than 60% to 65% utilization. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Understood. One last question I would squeeze in that in terms of data centers, is there a large 
potential market that you're looking at? And what quantum of your sales would data centers 
apply to? 
Shveta Arya: 
Data centers around the world as a segment is doing very well given the AI boom across the 
world, as is the case in India. And we have products which are rightfully positioned for that 
segment. So most definitely, we are quite focused on that segment, and we see the growth of 
that segment around the world as we see it in India. So that's where we are with data center. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
And any particular percentage of sales today that you're seeing data centers comprise of? 
Shveta Arya: 
Not really. Data center is spread across. We don't give specific segment-wise information. And 
in data center space, we do first-fit sales as well as we do some project work. So it's spread out 
across different kinds of work that we do. So we can't share that segment specific information. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Jason Soans from IDBI Capital. 
Jason Soans: 
Congrats on taking charge on your new role. I would just want to ask you first on the Industrial 
segment business. Now I believe in January 2025, there is an emission norm change for the 
construction equipment industry in terms of engines. So are we looking in this -- in the Q3 
quarter for some pre-buying? Could you give some color on this aspect in terms of the emission 
norm change, how are we playing? And how are we getting ready for this change coming along 
from January 2022 -- 2025? 
Shveta Arya: 
Thank you. Thank you for your question. Yes, there will be an emission norm change in that 
segment. The construction segment from a demand perspective has been doing well. So in the 
quarter gone by and in the coming quarter, given the construction activity going on in the country 
as it is the segment has been -- this particular space has been doing well. As with any other 
emission change, there is some prebuy that happens in the market, plus the demand is strong. So 
there would be mostly some prebuys before the emission change as happens in every segment. 
Jason Soans: 
I also wanted to understand. I mean I wanted to understand that earlier... 
Moderator: 
Sorry, Mr. Soans your voice is breaking, sir. Can you come in the network area? And there is 
background noise as well from your end. 
Jason Soans: 
Hello? Can -- is it better now? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Much better. Please continue. 
Jason Soans: 
Yes, sure, sure. I'll try and continue. Yes. So I just wanted to ask, I understand that an earlier 
participant did ask this question. Now I just wanted to understand this -- the gross margins dip, 
which happened, it's around 220 bps on a consol basis. So just wanted to understand, you did 
explain about the larger share of the project. Could you just explain a bit -- could you throw 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
some more color on this, like? And now since we have completely shifted to this CPCB IV+ 
regime, what could be sustainable options going forward for Cummins? 
Shveta Arya: 
I did explain this that this did happen due to the mix of the products, and it's a continuous part 
of the business. Other than that, there is nothing specific in this space, and there's just continuous 
work going on, on improving our material margins, which is an internal program called ACE 
that we run. Other than that, there is nothing unusual here than the mix. So -- and which plays 
out based on how we get those projects and how we execute them, as I mentioned earlier. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Umesh Raut from Nomura India. 
Umesh Raut: 
Congratulations for the strong domestic performance on sales side. My question again is more 
on the gross margin side. So if I look at overall mix for the company on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis and on a year-on-year basis, I think it is largely remaining same, but we have observed 
about closer to 200 basis point gross margin drop on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
So is it primarily because, in your view, whatever cost increase that was there on the CPCB IV+ 
product side, that is fully not yet passed on to the customer, and that is how incremental CPCB 
IV+ product line is kind of impacting on the gross margins for you? 
Shveta Arya: 
Thank you for the question. But no, that is not how it is playing out in the gross margin. The 
gross margin, as I explained, is mostly a function of the mix really. So that's not what's playing 
out. 
Umesh Raut: 
Got it. Second question. When you are saying that the project business contribution for this 
quarter was relatively on a higher side, are you referring to project business which is coming 
under Industrial segment? Or any particular project order that you have received in the power 
generation side? 
Shveta Arya: 
This is a separate business. This is not from the Industrial business. This is execution of sites at 
the data center where we do installation and commissioning of heavy genset applications tailored 
to the customer's demands. So that's what this projects business is. 
Umesh Raut: 
Got it. I'm sure you are restructuring exercises like VRS and all. They have contributed in 
controlling employee cost for you. But for this quarter, we have observed more of about flat 
employee cost on a year-on-year basis. Any reason over here? What kind of employee cost run 
rate we can assume going forward? 
Shveta Arya: 
I'll request Ajay for you to take this question, please. 
Ajay Patil: 
Umesh, thank you for joining the call. I think the function of what you see on the people cost 
has some amount of one-off item impact that has played out in the quarter. There were certain 
reclassifications that we reported. So therefore, the number is still flat when you see it on a year-
on-year basis. However, when you see it on a YTD basis, on a 6-monthly basis, you will find 
people costs have the impact of one-off plus the mix. So overall, you should expect the people 
costs to inflate at a normal rate what you've seen historically. 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Umesh Raut: 
Okay. Could you please quantify the number for first half or for this quarter? 
Ajay Patil: 
There was some one-off adjustment to the tune of about INR42 crores. 
Umesh Raut: 
This is for the quarter, right? 
Ajay Patil: 
Yes. Quarter and YTD, both. 
Umesh Raut: 
Okay. Got it. And there is any one-off on the other expenses side as well in the quarter? Because 
we have seen about 32% jump in other expenses as compared to 31% sales growth. Was there 
any promotional expenses around new product launches related to CPCB IV+? 
Ajay Patil: 
No, I think the other expense, Umesh, is a function of how the volume has played out for us. As 
you would have seen on an H1 basis, the revenue is up 16%. So obviously, there is an impact of 
some volume-linked variable expenses there. Besides some of the re-class that I talked about has 
some impact flowing through the other expense as well. And plus, of course, there are certain 
investments that we have made when it comes to our front-end infrastructure on how we serve 
the customer. 
So some costs associated with those technology expenses, those are coming through in the other 
expenses. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC Mutual Fund. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Ma'am, what is the currently capacity utilization in our genset factory in terms of engine 
manufacturing facility? 
Shveta Arya: 
Yes, Ajay, would you like. 
Ajay Patil: 
I think, Mahesh, the way the capacity utilization actually looked at, it is in 2 parts. One, is on 
the manned capacity side, we are in excess of 90%. However, when you look at our installed 
capacity relative to that, we are about 60% or thereabouts. So from a capacity availability point 
of view, we have ample capacity available in order to address any potential uptick that will come. 
Shveta Arya: 
Yes, thank you. Yes. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
So basically, the waiting period for genset has gone up? 
Shveta Arya: 
No, the waiting period for genset has not gone up. We are maintaining our lead times. In fact, 
we've been able to work on our supply chain, and we have been able to improve our lead time. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Okay. And sir, last question from my end is about distribution side. I mean, this business has 
been doing really well, 20% growth. So how should we look at in terms of the genset population 
we are currently addressing? I mean, if someone has to imagine about the business in terms of 
growth, how should we look at this? 
Shveta Arya: 
So this is a parts and service business for us. And where we are focused on, is increasing the 
penetration with our customers across the board. And we continuously provide service contracts 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
as well as parts to our customers for them to be able to maintain their assets over a long period 
of time. So our endeavor is to provide that right kind of maintenance and the right kind of value 
add for the customer. And that's how this business has been growing for us, and it continues to 
be a focus area for us. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
So the -- I mean, the genset -- as long as genset population grows from our end, this business 
will continue to build up, right? 
Shveta Arya: 
So the genset population growth, our penetration with the customers, both of those help with 
growing this business. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Priyankar Biswas from BNP Paribas Exane. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
Congratulations, ma'am, for your new responsibilities. So my first question is on the PowerGen 
side. If I recall in the last con call, what we heard was that there was a lack of channel inventory 
for CPCB IV because there was a lot of pre-buying. So what is the inventory level at the channel 
right now? And also parallelly on that question, I would add on one more thing is, what I 
understand is that most of the players are offering 2 years comprehensive warranty. 
And then on top of that, 3 years critical parts warranty. So isn't it going to lead to higher warranty 
provisionings at your end in case if you are following the same trend. So that's my question. 
Shveta Arya: 
Okay. Thank you for the question. I'll first answer the inventory question. We continuously 
evaluate inventory in the channel. And for CPCB IV+ as well, we have evaluated the inventory, 
and we are at adequate stock availability in our channel for CPCB IV+. So that's where the 
inventory levels are. In terms of your question around warranty, we -- this is a very, very careful 
calculation at our end. 
We work through what does the customer need, how can we provide the best value to the 
customer. And that's how we provide them these kind of warranty options. This does not lead to 
any excess provisions. It's the usual course of business, and we have quantified that in our books 
as well. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
Okay. So -- and then one more question that I have is recently, what we are seeing is that, at 
least from the data shared by ICEMA that the construction equipment sales growth has been 
falling. For example, in 4Q, what used to be 21%, is now like 1% construction equipment sales 
growth in September. So how confident are we that our construction segment or the industrial 
sales will continue on their growth momentum? 
Shveta Arya: 
We have seen strong demand from our customers in the construction segment. So that's -- we do 
think that this space will show demand in the coming quarters as well. We have not seen any 
other signals yet. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
And then finally for me and like the usual breakup of PowerGen, like HHP, mid-range, LHP and 
for industries like mining, construction, those numbers, if you can share? 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Shveta Arya: 
Sure. Let me share the PowerGen sales numbers. So for high horsepower for the quarter, we saw 
INR452 crores of revenue, for MHP, INR178 crores, so LHP, INR199 crores, and for our 
projects business, around INR68 crores. That's the total breakup of PowerGen. For the Industrial 
business, the breakup into different segments, construction around -- construction is INR146 
crores, rail INR105 crores, mining at INR32 crores, compressor at INR58 crores and those are 
the major segments that we operate in. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nidhi Shah from ICICI Securities. 
Nidhi Shah: 
Just on the previous participant's question. You gave us the breakup for PowerGen for domestic. 
Could you also provide the breakup for export? 
Shveta Arya: 
Yes, let me share that with you. For the export, the high horsepower exports for the quarter 
overall, INR200 crores. And the low horsepower for the quarter is INR198 crores spread across 
the different geographies. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vinod C from PhillipCapital. 
Vinod C: 
Congratulations on your first quarter. I had a question related to data center. So what will be our 
market share in our addressable market in data center? And parallel to that, see, backup is non-
negotiable in data center. So are we able to command better pricing in data center sales compared 
to our regular sales? 
Shveta Arya: 
Thank you for your question. As I mentioned, data center is a focus segment for us. It's a growing 
segment. We are rightly positioned with the correct product in this market. We have good 
relationships with all our customers. As you rightly said, backup is very important as is customer 
service in this segment. So through both our businesses, we are very well positioned in the data 
center market to provide the value that our customer needs. 
Vinod C: 
So are we seeing better pricing in data center compared to what we normally realize in the 
market? 
Shveta Arya: 
We are always very competitively priced in the market. And data center, as any other segment, 
also, there's obviously competitive pricing in that space as well. We are priced adequately. 
Vinod C: 
So what would be our market share there? 
Shveta Arya: 
We won't be able to share the market share information, but I can tell you that we are very well 
positioned because our products are very well accepted in the data center space, and we provide 
the right kind of service to our customers along with the value add that specific segment needs. 
Vinod C: 
Sure. Second question was on exports. You've been mentioning for the past 1 year that India has 
the higher standards of emission norms. And if my engines are passed in India, it can be sold 
anywhere. So where are we on that in terms of making India for CPCB IV? And since you 
spearheaded the CPCB IV probably you're apt to answer that? 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Shveta Arya: 
Yes. Thank you for that question. So CPCB IV if you see, it is -- we are rightfully amongst the 
most stringent norms across the globe. We do have that technology. There are certain markets 
who are at these kind of emission levels, and there are certain markets that are not. 
 
As markets transition and as they require these products, we are ready with the technology. As 
we speak, we are tailoring our products for the markets which are getting ready to be able to 
provide this technology to them. So as and when the markets move, we move and we are able to 
provide this technology to them. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Mongia from Kotak Securities. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Shveta, congratulations for the new role. I move to my questions. The first one being, was there 
any positive benefit that you had in the PowerGen segment because of restocking that would 
have happened for CPCB IV products? Can we assume this run rate? 
Shveta Arya: 
We can't hear you clearly. Could you please repeat your question? 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, sir. Your voice is muffled. May I request you to use your handset, please? 
Aditya Mongia: 
Is it better now? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Please continue. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Great. So the question that I had was, was there any positive effect on the PowerGen sales 
because of restocking that would have happened for CPCB IV compliant products? Or can we 
assume this run rate incrementally as well? 
Shveta Arya: 
Sorry, we're still unclear. The voice is still slightly muffled. You're asking about CPCB IV+ 
restocking? 
Aditya Mongia: 
Yes. In the sense that as you flush out CPCB II products and go for CPCB IV, was there any 
inventory filling that led to a higher-than-usual number in PowerGen for the quarter? 
Shveta Arya: 
Okay. No, no, no. No, we had flushed out all the inventory before 1st of July. So there is no 
impact of CPCB II inventory in this quarter. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Understood. The second question that I had was more on your assessment of the market share 
gain that has happened for you prior to and now post CPCB IV in the PowerGen segment as a 
whole, if you could give us some sense on that? 
Shveta Arya: 
So in the PowerGen space, I will tell you, in the CPCB IV+ range, we launched the product last 
year. And we have managed to make a lot of improvements in our supply chain till then. We 
have been able to -- our product is exceptionally well positioned. We have a great brand in the 
market. We are pricing competitively. And there is good acceptance of the product in the market. 
That is the CPCB IV+ range. 
 
And in the higher ranges, we have seen, because our products are well positioned in the high 
horsepower range, so we have seen that our market presence has remained stable over the last 3 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
quarters, and we have been able to maintain good value to our customers. That's what I would 
be able to say. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Understood. I just want to move on to the data center piece because I think it's important to 
understand for all of us. Now if you see the global company's PowerGen sales, it seems as if 
data centers command almost 40% salience inside the PowerGen number and they count the 
distribution piece of PowerGen inside. Could you give us a sense whether it's a good way to 
think through the mix of PowerGen in India for Cummins, maybe, 3, 4 years down the line? 
Shveta Arya: 
We -- global markets and India markets are quite separate in their demand drivers and what 
drives the market. Different countries are at different spaces in terms of their backup power 
needs and how data centers are progressing. So I will not be able to say that we can draw a 
parallel right away with those global markets unless we can really analyze them with how similar 
they are and how similar India will be to some of those market signals. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Understood. Just a related question and maybe I'll fall back into the queue. Basically, if you see 
globally, this phenomenon of hyperscaler data centers are becoming more and more prominent 
and these customers typically are probably better served by Cummins because -- because 
Cummins owns their own kind of distribution network as well, which I think is of importance in 
this kind of segment. 
Should one thus be assuming that as share of these kinds of customers goes up, the market share 
that Cummins would be having in the data center segment and potentially the distribution 
revenues also start scaling up? 
Shveta Arya: 
I will only say that Cummins has good technology, well-accepted product and really good 
service and relationships with these customers. That being said, the data center is absolutely a 
growing market in India. And us as well as others who are present in this market, we do have a 
great brand presence and great relationships with our customers. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Can that lead to an export kind of number happening in the data center market as such? Can that 
lead to an export number that starts becoming relevant over time? That will be the last question. 
Shveta Arya: 
Data centers across the world, the nodes at which they operate are not similar. India operates at 
a different node. And in the other markets, these are slightly higher nodes at which data centers 
operate, what they buy. So there could be, but there are -- these are different nodes as we speak. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Mahawar from UBS. 
Amit Mahawar: 
I just have one question, and sorry to harp on the competition and domestic market point. See 
on post the new nodes, the competition eventually will catch up. But do you think this time on 
gensets up to 800 kVA, the competitive intensity will make us command the market share similar 
to what we enjoyed in the older nodes? And more importantly, because this time, seeming the 
competition is taking more time. 
So 3, 4 of our key local global competition are yet to see the acceptance of even higher nodes, 
particularly in data center or advanced nodes. So do you think the market share will stabilize 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
even in the data center piece of ours by next year? Or it will still remain around 70%, 80% plus 
market share, which earlier in the calls we had shared? 
Shveta Arya: 
So the data center space is outside of the CPCB IV+ space. The CPCB IV, as you rightly said, 
is up to 800 kilowatts. So if we were to talk about the CPCB IV space, we were amongst the first 
few to launch this product about a year ago across the nodes in the power gen market. And we 
do -- I did mention that our product has good acceptance, and we have been able to make a lot 
of improvements in our supply chain and provide better value adds to the customer. 
Definitely, our customers have more choices now with other products being launched in the 
market as well. So that's with respect to your specific CPCB IV+ question. Data center is not a 
part of the CPCB IV+ range. And I did answer the data center question that we definitely see the 
demand in the data center market to continue. And we -- our product is very well positioned, 
along with the relationships that we have with our customers. 
Amit Mahawar: 
And just a clarification on the last participant's question. Did I hear you correctly, you mentioned 
the manufacturing of data centers led product and the manufacturers, particularly for India, it is 
not for the global markets. And I'm also asking this question because some regions saw a very 
strong growth, like China doubled in power gen revenue this quarter. So did we have any export 
benefit there? 
Shveta Arya: 
So in case of the data center market, the product that we have for the data center market, India, 
China, Southeast Asia actually use the same product. It's the US and the U.K. which use different 
nodes in the data center. So definitely, we export to those kind of markets, which is the same 
product in the data center space. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jonas Bhutta from Birla Mutual Fund. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. And Shveta congratulations on the new role. A couple 
of questions from my side. Firstly, if you can talk about volume growth in the PowerGen side. 
While we understand this quarter sort of benefited from a lot of restocking of CPCB IV+ engines 
at the dealer end. For the year, as a whole, do you expect volumes in the power gen to grow? 
 
Given that what we see as revenues is a function of price and volume and prices are up 25%, 
30% for this year. So how should we think through volume growth, particularly in PowerGen, 
with the backdrop that last year, FY '24, saw 40% growth in megawatt terms, in the power -- on 
the generator sales side, which is what is reported in the annual report. So that's the first question. 
Shveta Arya: 
Thank you, Jonas, for the question. Ajay, do you want to take the volume question? 
Ajay Patil: 
I'll take it. Jonas, as you know, for last year, the original date for migration to CPCB IV+ was 
July 1, 2023. And at the last minute of that change that date was shifted to July 1, 2024. The 
consequence was that we had a prebuy in quarter two of last year, which was quite significant. 
And that's the reason when you see it in unit growth perspective, the FY '23, '24 number were to 
that extent significantly higher than the year before. 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
 
Now obviously, from a current year that the migration was clarified. The 12 months that you see 
from July till this June was a combination of both sets of products getting sold in the market. So 
obviously, the onetime effect of that prebuy had an obvious impact on the subsequent quarter 
and all of us have seen those numbers softening on an expected line last year. 
 
Now if you take that sort of a phenomena out, our belief based on when we see the unit wise 
volume growth that is playing out for the year to be consistent with what we see the broader 
guidance that we have been generally providing in terms of how do we see the growth is panning 
out for the year, number one. 
 
Number two, price that you talked about is really a function of how CPCB IV because we were 
among the first to get our product readiness in the market. And then the other players 
progressively catching up would mean that the price discovery is still playing out. Now whether 
that price discovery process goes on for another quarter or more, our hypothesis is that maybe it 
will go on for up until another 3 to 4 months. So maybe that's where the clarity would start to 
emerge. 
 
So when you see the revenue number, as you rightly pointed out, I think it's a function of what 
is happening on the unit side; b, what is happening to the price. Obviously, there is a price change 
because we are talking of transition from mechanical to electronic engine. 
 
And number three, also there is a content increase. The configuration of CPCB II genset and 
CPCB IV genset is very different. Given the emission requirements, we have new products 
which are after treatment and many other electronic components getting added. So the II and IV 
products is really not comparable. So when you put these 2 things together, you will have to 
look at this current year more of a transitional year in terms of these changes playing out before 
we can very clearly state as to what the unit growth volume is and what the pricing impact is. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Just a follow-up on this, Ajay. So just to close this out, is it fair to say that on a normalized basis, 
this year, we'll still see a 2x GDP volume growth? Pricing will obviously yield at a higher 
ultimate revenue number. But are you on track to do a 2x GDP volume growth this year? Is that 
what is the market is supporting? 
Ajay Patil: 
I think since your question is linked to the guidance, Jonas, I will just reiterate what Shveta said 
at the start of the call that we continue to maintain our double-digit guidance for the year. On 
the revenue side, volume is a little bit of a difficult one to see because we are not giving 
guidances on volume. And you also have to remember that the volume also has a shifting chance 
in it because the way the volume gets computed depending on which segment you talk about. 
For example, telecom, there is a large volume unit growth at a very low end of the market goes 
into the segment, which kind of re-shades the number when you think about the volume growth. 
And because it's a tender-driven business, and we participate very selectively into it, that can 
change the dynamics of what unit volume we had in the previous year compared to what unit 
volume we have this year. 
So therefore, I think, this year is going to be that way difficult to compare given the sort of a 
hybrid transition that we did, where we had 2 emission products playing out in the same year. It 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
generally doesn't happen because there is generally a clean cutover taken for emissions. But 
because it has been sort of a mixed bag and we are selling both the products up until 30th of 
June, that the unit growth is going to get a little bit impacted as a result of how the emissions are 
implemented. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
That's helpful. The second question was on the value addition on the CPCB IV+ engines kind 
of. And you alluded to the fact that there is a content change, and most of that content typically 
is going to come from group entity, which is on the SCR side. Given now 2 normalized quarters 
on CPCB IV+, do you still hold on to this view that the gross margins on the IV+ engine is 
similar to the CPCBII engines despite the higher components coming from outside the listed 
entity? 
Ajay Patil: 
Yes, so Jonas, I think the question is -- and we have already stated that, right? I mean, the -- 
when you think about the content change and the way it is playing out. The current year's revenue 
has a combination of both the products, okay? Number two is that as we now take a clean cut 
from July onwards, then we will, so to say, a revenue which is predominantly driven by CPCB 
IV into our revenue profile. 
 
Number three is the mix part, which was explained by Shveta earlier for a different question. 
Also how the mix plays out overall because just to remind all of us that the emissions are only 
up to 800 kVA. Above that, which is predominantly an HHP segment continues to be operating 
at the old emission norms. If that plays out stronger, for any reason, then to that extent, the 
overall revenue number would be then little different as to how the year plays out. 
 
Number three, from a supply chain question that you asked, I think we continue to sort of 
optimize. And as you rightly said, now that we are operating for a period of time, our supply 
chain optimization is a continuous process. And because we are an engineered product, even if 
we see a cost reduction opportunity, we are not able to deploy it immediately unless it is clear 
from engineering point of view. And that process of validation takes time for us. 
 
So an opportunity identification, getting the opportunity realized and getting a sign-off typically 
can take anything between 3 months to 6 months for us. So some of this cost optimization effort, 
we will continue to see reflecting into our margins as we go forward. And the quarter-on-quarter 
number, Jonas, as all of us know, has the impact of mix. And therefore, I'm not giving a guidance 
or anything, but simply saying that generally, a full year number or half yearly number is a better 
representation in terms of how the figures look like. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
And the last quick one. I know many questions were centered around data center. But Shveta, 
like you said that, there is no difference between developed markets and developing markets. 
But typically, as the scale migrates, today, they are -- developed markets are setting up 100-
megawatt data centers, single locations, and probably at some point in time, this migrates to 
India over the next 2, 3 years. 
Indian entity because what we understand the QSK60 and the QSK95, which are the 
predominant nodes used abroad, sit in CTIL. So from a clarification perspective, would 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
appreciate that while the sales is routed through CIL, which is the listed entity, the manufacturing 
for QSK60 and QSK95 currently sit in CTIL? 
Shveta Arya: 
So Jonas, QSK60 is the predominant node in the data centers in India and Southeast Asia. And 
for the global markets like US and Europe, the predominant nodes are QSK78 and QSK95. Now 
we've been watching the data center space, and as you rightly said, we were also thinking that 
probably the data center nodes in India will move up in the range. 
But for now, data centers is a very space -- constrained space in our country still, where you see 
the data center clusters in India, in Mumbai, in Hyderabad, in Gurgaon, in Delhi, these are still 
space-constrained cities, which is unlike the global markets. 
 
So for the India market and predominantly the larger Southeast Asia market, QSK60 continues 
to be the predominant node, which is a very, very robust node made in India and made for India 
for the rest of world as well. So as of now, we are not seeing a migration towards the higher 
nodes for the India market, mostly owing to space constraints and also customers being very 
familiar with the QSK60 node and the maintenance of that -- those equipments which have 
QSK60. 
So we are not seeing that trend. We are watching it very carefully for now. And as things change, 
we'll take those calls. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Just to clarify, does QSK60 manufacturing sit in CIL? 
Ajay Patil: 
Jonas, QSK60, as we have stated in the past. It is an export program that got launched. And 
therefore, from a manufacturing perspective, a significant volume of the QSK60 was for 
Cummins to exports purpose. The domestic volume is fairly low. On its own, therefore, on the 
competitive side, CIL gets that engine at a certain level of readiness from CTIPL does the 
subsequent value add to CIL, and then it gets sold in the domestic market or various applications, 
including data centers. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Pulkit Patni from Goldman Sachs. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Most of my questions are answered. And this is in continuation with Jonas' question. So we've 
had 2 consecutive quarters of about INR800 crores plus revenue in the PowerGen segment, out 
of which second quarter clearly was only CPCB IV+ in terms of new implementation. Can we, 
for our modeling purposes, assume that this is now the new base to model next few quarters 
from here on, i.e., it has the impact of significant price increases in CPCB IV+, plus that you did 
not have a large portfolio of CPCB II that got sold in the current quarter. 
 
And I'm asking this question because there's been a lot of noise and numbers in the past few 
quarters with meaningful price increases and pre-buying and so on and so forth. So between 
INR800 crores to INR900 crores in the last 2 quarters, is it the right number from a sustainability 
perspective and we build our models based on that. Is that a right assumption? 
Shveta Arya: 
I'll say 2, 3 things here. The first is that from an overall market demand perspective, the market 
continues to show demand in the power generation space. The second, the numbers are not 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
completely just CPCB IV because CPCB IV+ is applicable only up to 800-kilowatt hour or the 
910 kVA range. Above that is CPCB II. So both these in different ranges continue and contribute 
to the overall PowerGen segment sales. 
 
Now the third thing around pricing, Ajay, mentioned, we are seeing -- this was the first quarter 
where we saw full CPCB IV+ and we do believe that pricing will take some time to settle in the 
market, at least 3 to months. So the demand, the pricing, the mix between below 800 and above 
800 which can change given where the demand is driven. So higher -- if we are selling in the 
higher than 800-kilowatt hour range, that is more the CPCB II product and then below is the 
CPCB IV+ product. So those will continue to play out really and could give us different results. 
Pulkit Patni: 
No. I think all the 3 points are well taken, and that's exactly what my question was. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Sanjaya Satapathy from Ampersand Capital. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Can I just ask that what is the level of indigenization in your CPCB IV gensets? And what is the 
scope of improvement there? 
Shveta Arya: 
So in the CPCB IV+ product range, you will appreciate that we are a global company, and we 
do take advantage of technology and products from around the world. A large part of our CPCB 
IV+ product range and what goes in those products is localized. And we are continuously 
working on where we do not have indigenized parts yet. So it's a continuous endeavor, but I can 
tell you that the large part of that product range is already localized at the time of launch. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Understood. And does this mean that our scope of margin improvement is not much from current 
level? 
Shveta Arya: 
I do think margin will be a factor of various things. Other than localization, there are other cost 
reduction efforts that we take, which is around value engineering, Ajay was explaining just a 
while ago. We are continuously working across all CPCB IV+ products, even those that are 
localized on cost improvement programs. And that, plus the pricing settling in the market. So 
margins is actually a function of those two. So can't say it only depends on localization efforts. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Understood. And last thing, if you can just tell us like a bit in the gen sets, which is like over 
INR800 crores for you, how much would be data central-related and how much would be non-
data center? Is that something which you can share? 
Shveta Arya: 
That is very segment. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
At least how much is more than those 800-plus capacity that mix of that? 
Shveta Arya: 
We won't be able to share that. And like I explained earlier, data center sits in the projects 
business for us as well as in the actual sale of the product, both different places. So it's difficult 
to tell you really what would be our presence in that space. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Okay. And can I just also understand from your perspective, like the previous instance of this 
emission change was a little bit more disruptive for the industry and the demand took a lot longer 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
to settle, but this time around the implementation has been a very different way that is 1 -- 
staggered 1 year. 
So should one expect the normalcy to return to the industry much quicker and the pricing 
discovery will be faster than what happened in the past? And also related to now that you are 
like in globally benchmark in terms of emission norms, shouldn't one expect a much better export 
prospect for your company? 
Shveta Arya: 
So on your first question on whether the market will settle quicker, obviously, everyone has 
learned through the last emission change. But how soon will we settle in the market is difficult 
to say. Will it be quicker than the last emission norms? Difficult to say. All I can say is that 
everyone has learned through the last emission cycle, and we all had 1 year also to learn on how 
the product is doing in the market. 
 
On the export side, I did answer this question earlier. Yes, we definitely have the technology. 
We are looking at different markets. Some of the markets which need our product, and we can 
tailor our products for their specific requirements, that work is going on. And for other markets, 
which would move to this emission norm, this is one of the most stringent emission norms 
around the world. 
 
So there are not many markets which are on this level of emission norms. But we closely monitor 
that. And as markets move, we are ready to provide the products for those markets. And you will 
appreciate that for each different market, while the core technology is there, the products need 
to be tailored to suit the local market requirements. So that is the work we are doing currently 
for some markets which need these products and watching the other markets closely. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Okay. And as we know, like last year, December quarter, you had taken some kind of inventory 
correction in your exports market, probably that is not the case. So the double-digit guidance 
which you are giving probably, I assuming it is for domestic market while exports probably on 
that low base will start growing much better. Is that correct assumption? 
Shveta Arya: 
Guidance for us is overall guidance, not just for the domestic market. And exports, I shared 
earlier, we have mixed signals. There are certain markets which have shown some signs of 
recovery. There are certain markets which we are watching very closely. The geopolitical 
situation is still volatile. Yet our overall guidance is what we have provided for the overall 
business of the company. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, this will be the last question for today, which is from the line of Mohit 
Pandey from Macquarie Capital. 
Mohit Pandey: 
My first question is on the demand outlook. On press release, you have mentioned you're 
cautiously optimistic about the near term, but optimistic about the demand outlook for the 
medium term. If you could share your thought process around how are you factoring in impact, 
if any, from potentially higher adoption of storage solutions on genset demand, ma'am. That 
would be my first question. 
Shveta Arya: 
Sorry, the voice was a little. 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Ajay Patil: 
Battery storage impact. 
Shveta Arya: 
Okay. Battery storage demand on -- the impact of that. Well, I would say that in the backup 
power space in the country, given the way we are in the power situation, for a growing economy 
like ours, one is that we do see this backup power demand grow over the medium to long term 
for the time being for our country. 
 
Second, there are different solutions which are being priced today. But you will appreciate that 
in the backup power market or the standby market, reliability is extremely important for our 
customers for different segments that we operate in. So the energy storage solutions, while there 
are available in the market, from an affordability, reliability, ease of use, ease of deployment, I 
think we all are watching that space. 
So it remains to be seen how it comes out in the future. But I would only say that reliability of 
the product, clean products available to the market is paramount. And for now, we are seeing 
good demand for us in the market. 
Mohit Pandey: 
Okay. And then secondly, with regards to the Industrial segment, if you could share a sense of 
what proportion of the segment will see some impact of the upcoming emission norm changes, 
that would be very helpful. 
Shveta Arya: 
Yes. That's the construction segment you are referring to, which is going through different 
emission norms from the 1st of January. I did share that in the last quarter, the construction 
segment saw about INR146 crores of revenue. We are seeing strong demand from that segment, 
owing to activity -- higher construction activity from our set of customers, and we see that 
demand continuing for the time being. 
Mohit Pandey: 
Okay. And any ballpark indication of what kind of price changes are expected with these norms? 
Or is that too early? 
Shveta Arya: 
That's too early. That is too early. 
Mohit Pandey: 
Okay, ma'am. No problem. And the last question is on exports. If you could share more color on 
region-wise trends that would be very helpful, for the key regions, yes, on the demand side. 
Shveta Arya: 
On the demand side? 
Mohit Pandey: 
Yes, yes. 
Shveta Arya: 
So we have shared in the past calls that we believe the demand has bottomed out. But like I said 
earlier, mixed signals yet. So we are trying to watch it really closely. So for example, in this 
quarter, we definitely had great order from Latin America region and Europe region, which we 
were able to execute. From the Middle East and Africa and Asia Pacific regions, the demand 
continued to be flat or muted. So watching the space, we're getting mixed signals. We do believe 
that this should improve. We're watching this very closely. 
Mohit Pandey: 
Okay. And a lot of this sluggishness is also linked to higher channel inventory there? Or is that 
understanding not fair? 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Shveta Arya: 
I'm sorry, could you repeat that? 
Mohit Pandey: 
Yes. So this continued sluggishness is linked to higher channel inventory in some of these 
markets? Or is that kind of... 
Shveta Arya: 
In the exports? It's the exports? 
Mohit Pandey: 
Yes. Yes. 
Shveta Arya: 
It's a mix. It is really a mix. Different regions are -- there are certain geopolitical issues in certain 
regions. There is, for example, better power availability in certain regions. There are certain 
regions who are dealing with emission changes. There are different -- there is obviously some 
inventory in the system as well. So there are different reasons. 
 
And in fact, if you look at places like Europe or Africa, these are -- even within those places, 
every country behaves differently. So very, very different reasons in different countries and 
different regions, hard to point 1 or 2 big reasons for this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As that was the last question for today, I'd now like to hand the conference over to 
Ms. Shveta Arya for closing comments. Over to you, ma'am. 
Shveta Arya: 
Thank you. Thank you to all of you for your active participation and engagement during the call 
today. Cummins India believes that the broader economic outlook is stable. And India's GDP is 
expected to grow by approximately 7% based on various reports. Fiscal and monetary policy 
stability, coupled with government emphasis on infrastructure development, bodes well for our 
end markets. 
Export markets are showing some signs of recovery in few pockets, and we continue to work 
with our intercompany partners to drive growth opportunities in all the end markets in the world 
where we supply. The company closely monitors geopolitical events unfolding in various parts 
of the world and their impact on global demand and supply chain. The company is well 
positioned to leverage all opportunities to sustain its growth momentum. 
And with a strong balance sheet, world-class infrastructure on the ground for manufacturing, our 
best-in-class talent, we are very confident of sustaining our growth trajectory. Thank you for 
your continued trust and confidence in the Cummins brand. And with this, I would close the call. 
Thank you so much, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, ma'am. On behalf of Cummins India Limited and the leadership team, 
we would like to thank you for joining us today and making it an engaging session. We are 
ending the conference now, and you may disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
