 
 
 
Registered Office: Bosch Limited, Hosur Road, Bangalore-560030, Karnataka, India     
Managing Director: Guruprasad Mudlapur, Joint Managing Director: Sandeep Nelamangala 
Bosch Limited  
Post Box No:3000 
Hosur Road, Adugodi 
Bangalore-560030 
Karnataka, India   
Tel +91 80 67523878 
www.bosch.in 
CIN: L85110KA1951PLC000761 
Secretarial.corp@in.bosch.com  
  
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
November 20, 2024 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Compliance under Regulation 30 and 46(2)(oa) of Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) regulations, 
2015- Disclosure of Transcript  of the Investors’ Concall 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Please find attached 
herewith the transcript of the investors’ call with Investors/Analysts held on              
November 12, 2024. 
This is for your Information and records. 
[[ 
Yours faithfully, 
for Bosch Limited, 
 
 
 
Guruprasad Mudlapur 
Managing Director 
DIN: 07598798 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
GURUPRAS
AD 
MUDLAPUR
Digitally signed by 
GURUPRASAD 
MUDLAPUR 
Date: 2024.11.20 
17:03:58 +05'30'

Page 1 of 9 
 
 
“Bosch Limited 
2Q FY '24-'25 Post-Results Conference Call” 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GURUPRASAD MUDLAPUR – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER – 
BOSCH LIMITED 
MS. KARIN GILGES – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
BOSCH LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. ANNAMALAI JAYARAJ – B&K SECURITIES. 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Bosch Limited 2Q FY '24-'25 Post Results 
Conference Call hosted by B&K Securities. We have with us today from Bosch management 
Mr. Guruprasad Mudlapur, Managing Director and Chief Technology Officer; and Ms. Karin 
Gilges, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
At this point, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation and opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll begin with an overview of the 
global and macroeconomic landscape, followed by financial and business highlights. Globally, 
the expectations for economic recovery are fading, especially in Europe, where manufacturing 
is declining, services growth is slow and the GDP growth is very minimal, with Germany facing 
a very weak economy. Meanwhile, the U.S. economy is doing well with strong job growth and 
3.2% GDP growth. 
 
Input costs, including shipping, raw materials and wages are constantly lower and stable. 
However, this trend is not expected to continue. Although the global inflation has remained 
stable, India remains -- seems to have imported part of the inflationary pulses, majorly 
contributed by input prices. 
India still remains one of the fastest -- world's fastest growing large economies. Growth is likely 
to pick up, driven by increasing consumer spending, especially in rural India as inflation subsides 
and agricultural output improves after favourable monsoon conditions. Looking ahead, we 
anticipate 2025 to mirror 2024's growth trajectory in India. 
 
Next slide, please. After hitting an all-time high in FY 2024, the automotive industry saw a slight 
1% decline in Q2 FY '25 compared to Q2 FY '24. This is due to the high base effect, coupled 
with election slowdowns and unfavourable climate conditions. The passenger car segment 
struggled with high inventory levels of around 70 days in this quarter. 
Weak consumer demand has slowed the growth despite moderate retail gains from discounts. 
Economic factors like slower retail credit and shifts in spending impacted entry-level models. 
The festive season is crucial for clearing excess inventory, though caution remains. 
 
Heavy commercial vehicle segment declined due to high base effects, slow infrastructure 
projects and decreased fleet utilization of heavy vehicles. Bus demand, however, remains strong, 
thanks to large orders from state transport undertakings. Light commercial vehicles segment 
faced pressure, especially in lower tonnage categories from growing 3-wheeler competition. 
Two-wheelers recorded strong rural demand and new launches drove growth, with electric 2-
wheelers boosted by favourable policies and subsidies. Growth is expected to continue through 
the festive season. 
 
Three-wheelers experienced robust demand, especially for electric models in passenger and 
cargo applications supported by government subsidies and rising last-mile urban connectivity 
needs. Tractors showed slight growth due to favourable monsoons, strong domestic demand, and 
higher minimum support price, and is expected to sustain this growth. 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
 
Next side. In this slide, we have illustrated the market's trajectory from the peaks of FY 2019 
through the challenges posed by COVID to the subsequent recovery. The automotive market 
ended FY 2024 on a positive note, reaching all-time highs in car and LCV segments and 
maintaining momentum in other segments. 
Looking ahead, the election year high base effect and historical trends suggest moderate growth 
for the automotive industry. The recent inventory buildup in the car segment remains a concern, 
but the underlying economic conditions are strong, and India's growth narrative remains positive. 
 
Next slide, please. Sector-wise sales performance quarter-on-quarter. The Mobility business has 
seen growth -- has grown by 6.7% in July-September 2024 as compared to July-September 2023, 
driven mainly due to:  
− 
Power Solutions business, which grew by 5.7%, mainly due to increase in sales to passenger 
car segment, increase mainly coming from diesel, UV models, increase in sales for genset 
applications with common rail systems and increase in export sales of electronic controlled 
throttle body, in-line pump and nozzle holders. 
− 
The Mobility Aftermarket business, which grew by 8.8% on account of higher demand 
from lubricants and diesel systems.  
− 
Two-wheeler business grew by 13.4%, mainly due to higher sales of fuel injectors and 
exhaust sensors, driven by increased demand from prominent domestic motorcycle 
manufacturers.  
− 
The consumer goods business grew by 10.1%, driven by high demand for grinders, drills, 
cutters, spares, and accessories on account of market growth. 
− 
The Building Technologies business grew by 20.1% on account of execution of high 
number of orders for installation of video surveillance and communication systems.  
The Mobility business has grown by 5.4% in April to September 2024 as compared to April to 
September '23, driven mainly due to: 
− 
Power Solutions business, which grew by 4%, mainly due to increased sales in passenger 
car segment, mainly fuel, air and ignition components, electronic throttle body and EGT 
components.  
− 
The Mobility Aftermarket business grew by 8.4% on account of higher demand from diesel 
systems and rotating machines. 
− 
Two-wheeler business grew by 14%, mainly due to higher sales of fuel injectors on account 
of increase in market demand for popular sports and commuter motorbikes.  
− 
The Consumer Goods segment business grew by 7.6%, driven by higher demand for 
grinders, cutters, drills, spares, and accessories on account of market growth.  
− 
Building Technologies business grew by 19.7% on account of execution of high number of 
orders for installation of video surveillance and communication systems. 
 
Next slide, please. Quarter-on-quarter, revenue from operations in July to September ‘24 stood 
at INR43,943 million, which is a growth of 6.4% over July-September 2023. The growth is 
driven by Mobility Aftermarket business, Power Solutions business, and Consumer Goods 
business, as seen in the previous slide. Likewise, revenue from operations in April to September 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
‘24 stood at INR87,111 million, which is a growth of 5.1% over April-September ‘23. The 
growth is driven by Mobility Aftermarket business, Power Solutions business, and Consumer 
Goods business. 
 
Quarter-on-quarter, EBITDA in July-September ‘24 was INR5,605 million, which grew by 
14.1% over the same quarter of previous year. EBITDA as a percentage of total revenue 
improved from 11.9% in July-September ‘23 to 12.8% in July-September ‘24. The improvement 
in the EBITDA margin is mainly attributable to growth in revenue and improvement in material 
cost. 
EBITDA in April-September ‘24 was INR10,802 million, which grew by 12.6% over the same 
period of previous year. EBITDA as a percentage of total revenue improved from 11.6% in 
April-September ‘23 to 12.4% in April-September ‘24. The improvement in the EBITDA margin 
is again on account of growth in revenue and improvement in material cost. 
 
The profit after tax stood at 12.2% of revenue from operations as compared to 24.2% over same 
quarter of previous year. Previous year had a onetime exceptional item of profit on sale of Project 
House Mobility Solutions, PJMS business, of INR7,850 million. Likewise, in the current quarter, 
that’s July-September 2024, also has an exceptional item via sale of OE/OES Diagnostics 
business of INR485 million.  
Likewise, profit after tax stood at 11.5% of revenue from operations as compared to 17% over 
same period of previous year. The difference is on account of exceptional item, that is profit on 
sale of PJMS business, which was there in the previous year. 
 
Next slide, please. Bosch Limited's Power Solutions division has played a major role in 
supporting a major OEM to applicate the Bosch engine management system for their first-ever 
gasoline direct injection engine. The Power Solutions division also contributed towards 
advanced hardware, software, and calibration solutions for the 1.2-liter gasoline engines. 
 
Bosch has launched 2 connected solutions called vehicle load detection and driver analytics to 
the market, which will aid commercial vehicle owners to monitor the vehicle's usage and driving 
parameters more closely and enable optimal performance.  
At the 5TH CII National DigiTech Circle Competition 2024, Bosch's Jaipur plant won the Gold 
medal for ‘Digitization in Maintenance and Energy management’ and Silver for best case study 
of innovative business models for digitization in manufacturing and service. 
 
Coming to 2-wheeler and powersports, it's a moment of immense pride to have supported the 
launch of the world's first CNG bike featuring the Bosch Engine Management System. With this 
successful release, Bosch is well positioned to support 2-wheeler industry for CNG as fuel 
technology. The Bosch Engine Management System, EMS, is a bi-fuel solution and can operate 
either on CNG fuel mode or gasoline fuel mode. 
The system has the capability to switch between fuel modes on demand smoothly on the go with 
precise control on performance. Bosh EMS is developed to meet the latest emission norms for 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
the Indian market for 2-wheelers, which is BS-VI OBD II Stage A. The solution offering is 
robust, and package protected for OBD II Stage B. 
 
Bosch has also partnered with a premium 2-wheeler brand integrating our engine management 
systems and safety systems. The Bosch MSC technology will further open the market for 
advanced safety systems to the Indian market under the umbrella of Bosch MSC for all 
campaigns. It's a moment of pride to be recipients of special jury commendation at 6th Edition 
of FICCI Road Safety Awards and Conclave 2024 for exceptional interventions in promoting 
road safety through the MSC for all initiative across the nation. The award presented by Sri Nitin 
Gadkari, Minister for Road Transport and Highways of India, acknowledges Bosh's significant 
contributions towards enhancing road safety nationwide. 
 
In the Mobility Aftermarket division, we faced some challenges in the independent aftermarket, 
or IAM, due to lower demand in diesel spares category. On a positive note, several key business 
product lines have shown remarkable performance, with diesel, rotating machines, battery, and 
wipers all experiencing significant double-digit growth in the Indian market. In addition to 
financial performance, I'm thrilled to announce the inauguration of our 100th Bosh service 2-
wheeler workshop. This milestone marks a significant step in expanding our service network, 
ensuring that we continue to provide top-notch service solutions to our customers. 
 
Next slide, please. Beyond Mobility. Power Tools, our global Power Tools division, has 
launched the Impact Screwdriver Range, or ISR, and Impact Drill System, or IDS, enhancing 
tool bag coverage to meet industrial demand. In measurement tools, we've introduced new line 
lasers and wall lasers for greater precision in construction and design. Our market campaigns 
are also gaining traction, with Cordless Campaign 2.0 promoting the power of cordless tools 
under the slogan, Cordless Power Tools Mein Hai Dum, and Hard Work Made Easier campaign, 
showcasing how our innovations simplify tough tasks for professionals. 
 
The Building Technologies division of Bosch Limited launched the FLEXIDOME IP Starlight 
5000i camera, our first made in India product from the business unit Video Systems. This 
milestone enhances our domestic production capabilities and underscores our commitment to 
local manufacturing and innovation. Additionally, we are expanding our professional sound 
segment with new products under the Electro Voice brand and Dynacord, enriching our Audio 
Solutions' portfolio. 
 
Furthermore, Bosh Limited has received the FIST Award 2024 for the Safe and Secure Office 
Campus category awarded by Fire and Security Association of India, highlighting our dedication 
to a safe and secure working environment. 
 
Next slide, please. With these updates, I conclude my speech. Thank you all for listening 
patiently. We will now address your queries. Please feel free to ask your questions. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Thank you, sir. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
Jinesh Gandhi. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
A couple of questions from my side. One is, given that the TREM V norms as of now are to be 
implemented from April 2026, can you talk about how do we plan to localize components for 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
TREM V norms? Would it be in sync with what we have done in the past, as volume ramps up, 
we localize that? Or are we thinking differently this time? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
We are quite well prepared to handle TREM V localization and we can expect a much higher 
level of localization for TREM V starting from the beginning itself. We are really hoping that 
there is no further postponement or change in the days of TREM V rollout. But assuming 
everything goes on time, we are on our side ready to meet the demands of the industry. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it, got it. And secondly, in this quarter, we have seen a good decline in share of traded goods. 
Is it because of the full benefit of localization is now reflecting in 2Q numbers? Or it's also to 
do with lower contribution of CVs in this quarter because of volume decline that CV industry 
saw? 
Karin Gilges: 
Yes. I'll take this question. Of course, it's a mix. It depends entirely what product mix we have. 
This month we had a favourable product mix on the one side. But of course, we are going ahead 
with the localization, and step by step, we see what we implement here in India. So I would not 
say it's black and white. It's a mix. And yes, we had, therefore, a quite favourable mix, but see 
also that we're going ahead with sort of localization. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Okay. But would it be fair to say that the ramp-up of localization is now totally done? Or there 
will be some more benefit to come in as volumes go up as well? 
Karin Gilges: 
Yes. So not only volumes going up, but of course, products coming in, new generations coming 
in. We have -- for example, 3 years ago, we have implemented our injector line for the 
commercial vehicles, that we are on a good track already for the components. But this is not 
finished up to now. So actually, it is an ongoing process. We are looking all the time into our 
portfolio where can we localize, what can we localize. So it is not finished and done. It's an 
ongoing process. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it. And last question from my side is on capex. So first half capex was roughly about INR100 
crores. Any guidance for full year capex? Usually, we spend between INR500 crores to INR600 
crores. So just wanted to clarify what it will be for FY '25. 
Karin Gilges: 
Yes. So we have also this year a decent amount, roughly INR4,000 million. And it is a little bit 
lower compared to last year because the Adugodi campus is now finished. And this is mainly 
plant and machinery. And traditionally, in the first half year, we are starting to implement 
machines accounting. But until we really go into the SOPs and -- that we are capitalizing this 
capex is then in the third and fourth quarter. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Next in line will be Atman Shah? He has logged out. Next in the line is Mr. Pramod Amthe. 
Please unmute and ask your question. 
Pramod Amthe: 
So the first question is with regard to the tractor supplies. I wanted to know your preparedness 
as the industry on a high base looking for a double-digit growth in the second half. And also 
looking at if the pre-buying comes through, again, there can be a sustenance of double digit. 
How are you prepared to handle this on a high base the double-digit volumes, one? 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
 
Second, at the end of it, again, you have to transition to the TREM V. Isn't -- then the volatility 
of volumes, how will you be prepared to handle in the short term? Can the CVs be -- capacity 
be fungible to tractors? Or how does it actually play out? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Yes. So if I understand your question right, you are hinting that there will be some pre-buy effect 
before TREM V came, and are we prepared to handle those additional volumes. And post TREM 
V comes in, how are we equipped to handle those volumes. That's the question, right? 
Pramod Amthe: 
Correct, correct. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Okay. I mean, we are certainly equipped very well to handle the pre-buy effects. We've had -- 
we always have discussions on topics like this together with our OEMs. And we anticipate -- if 
they anticipate any pre-buy which has happened in several occasions in the past, like, for 
example, BS-IV to BS-VI and other norm transitions, we work with them very closely and ensure 
that we are fully prepared and we are ready to support on any capacity increase that we need to 
cater to these demands. So on pre-buy effects, we certainly can handle it. On TREM V, I think 
I've already answered it. We are well prepared to handle the transition, and we look forward. 
Pramod Amthe: 
The second question is with regard to the car segment. There seems to be some policy favorism 
for hybrids. I wanted to know how does Bosch play a role in terms of content per vehicle when 
the existing ICE engines go for hybrid? What parts you really supply and how you handle the 
customer? Any case studies for India already happening? Or how are you seeing this business 
shaping up? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Yes. So we are in discussion with several OEMs on hybrids, and some are quite active and have 
a couple of models already in the market, others are still in early time phase. There is no 
confirmed policies about -- that we see other than 1 or 2 states doing something independently. 
But we'll have to wait and watch how this develops, but we certainly have capabilities to support 
OEMs through this. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Next in the line will be Mr. Gokul. You can unmute and ask your question. Anybody who has a 
question, please raise your hands. 
Analyst: 
Sir, two questions. At the start of the year, you had sort of indicated that the growth would mirror 
the growth which we've seen in FY '24, given Q1 being a more transient quarter because of the 
elections. Given that first half has gone and there have been some changes in the underlying 
automotive market, would you want to just revisit your growth expectation for FY '24? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
So your question is, would we like to revisit growth estimates for '25? Is that what you're saying 
or... 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Yes, I think that is the question, sir. I think he has gone to mute. That is the question, sir. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Okay. So I mean, we -- our business plan cycle constantly looks at what's happening in the 
market. We take feedback not just from the market, the inventory positions in the market, what 
our OEMs tell us and what we need to plan for the year. Of course, we have complex internal 
tooling, which also helps us fine-tune the possibilities under various scenarios in terms of what 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
is the possible GDP growth rates, how are different sectors performing, and based on that, what 
should we plan for in terms of our plan, different segment level growth opportunities. 
 
So this is a thing we constantly do. So as we see today, the indicators are that '25 is likely to 
mirror 2024 growth rates. There can be ups and downs, and we're well prepared to handle that. 
And if there is a change -- we evaluate this at very regular intervals within our business planning 
cycles and we will adapt certainly. 
Analyst: 
Okay. Two more questions. So one is, if you could please comment on the underlying CV 
industry, because first half has been fairly weak for the -- both the major OEMs. What are you 
seeing on the trends and interactions with your customers on the outlook for the industry for 
second half and going forward? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
CV industry we expect it to remain muted or where things are an inch down. I think that's the 
current expectation also. 
Analyst: 
Perfect. Great. Lastly, just on exports front. While the external environment has been very muted 
due to the geopolitical conditions, are you seeing things pick up over there? And what's the 
outlook for the near term over the next 6 to 12 months for the exports business? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Okay. So we don't look at exports on very short-term basis. That's not, again, we're banning our 
exports as well. We consider exports as a longer-term opportunity, while there are some medium, 
short-term gains based on some capacities or some changes in the market abroad. That's one way 
of looking at it. And we will certainly cater to that as it comes. But for us, growing our export 
business is much more of a longer-term opportunity over, let's say, in the next 5 years or so. So 
we are preparing ourselves to [inaudible 0:30:33]. 
Gokul: 
Okay. What would be the export growth in H1 versus last year's H1? 
Karin Gilges: 
We have -- this quarter, we have had slightly increase in the exports. But as already mentioned, 
it highly depends on the demand, where we have in the international global network, production 
network some demands. So overall, we see a growth of roughly 10% if we compare the previous 
year to this year. But again, for us, the long-term perspective is much more interesting, and this 
was what we had in the third quarter. And yes, of course, we are all the time appreciate if we 
can support our international production growth. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
In the meantime, I'll read out the questions from the chat box. First question is, we have indicated 
about good growth in the PV segment despite underlying industry being weak. What will drive 
this growth? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Yes. I mean the PV segment is connected to -- quite a lot connected to what happens in our 
cities, disposable incomes, a trend towards premiumization or affordability, GDP growth in 
general, and how well people are able to drive in cities and further penetration in our Tier 2 and 
Tier 3 towns. So these would be the broad trends. And yes, we track these trends, and we expect 
steady growth in our PV segment. 

 
 
Bosch Limited
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
The next question is, we indicated safety systems for 2-wheelers. What will be the components 
on 2-wheeler systems' safety in the listed entity? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
So yes. I mean, we have our 2-wheeler division which offers some components into this market 
(Explanation: via cross divisional solutions around safety, comfort & efficiency). While majority 
of the safety systems go from our sister company, RBIC. But on the listed entity, our 2-wheeler 
division also caters to some segments (Explanation: offers engine management system 
components like engine control units, fuel supply module, fuel injectors and) sensors, and all 
that. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Okay. And some questions from the chat box. Whether any restructuring under progress or -- on 
this thing for -- in the -- all the other listed companies in the Bosch stable in India? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Sorry. What was the question? Sorry... 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Basically, the question is, see, whether -- see, we have a lot of unlisted companies in the auto 
space in India. Whether any chance of restructuring or any whether progress... 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Yes. So I think I've spoken about this a few times in the past. We are constantly looking at our 
product portfolio, our business activities in the listed company and also business activities 
outside the listed company in the Indian context. We are very open to look at these things. These 
are discussions that are going on in the RBIN and Board with the promoter. As and when we 
have information to share, we'll certainly use that opportunity to share it with all. So all I can 
say is that these discussions are ongoing in terms of multiple elements, and we will share it as 
appropriate. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
I think that's all, sir. Yes. There is no more questions. And any closing comments you want to 
make, sir? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
I would say thank you to everybody who joined the call and showed interest. We're doing our 
best to ensure excellent business performance under difficult -- currently slightly difficult market 
conditions, and we hope to continue to keep this transitory going. And you will hear more from 
us in the coming 12 months. Thank you. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Thanks, sir. Thank you, all the participants. We can now disconnect our lines. 
 
NOTE: This document is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate 
and may contain misspelling and other inaccuracies. While the transcript has been edited for clarity, the Company takes no 
responsibility for such errors. 
