® 
INOX CVA 
HISTORICALLY FUTURISTIC 
IIL:SEC:SE:INTM:87 
Date: 13th November, 2024 
Corporate Relations Department 
The Manager Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Exchange Plaza', C-1, Block G, 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: 544046 
Symbol: INOXINDIA 
Subject: Transcript of Conference Call with the Investors /Analysts. 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
The Company had organized a conference call with the Investors/ Analysts on Friday, 8th 
November, 2024. A copy of Transcript of conference call held with the Investors/ Analysts is 
enclosed herewith and the same is also uploaded on the Website of the Company. 
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For INOX India Limited 
Kamlesh Shinde 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
. 
INOX INDIA LIMITED II 
CIN No.: L99999GJ1976PLC018945 
(Formerly known as INOX INDIA PVT LTD) 
9th Floor, KP Platina, Race Course, Vadodara -390 007. Gujarat, India. I Tel.:+91265 6160100 I Fax: +91265 2341449 1 inox@inoxcva.com I www.inoxcva.com 
KAMLESH 
MANSINGR
AO SHINDE
Digitally signed by KAMLESH 
MANSINGRAO SHINDE 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=9157, 
2.5.4.20=ce7758d6493e8649410da31d5c8
32b8555fd150a26bec4f72a4c0ec16e1837f
4, postalCode=390001, st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=3981ee6270bd9a859313f03
bbf7d6e2f1e466d70c7d0f0177e4fd261216
7d795, cn=KAMLESH MANSINGRAO 
SHINDE 
Date: 2024.11.13 17:33:43 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“INOX India Limited 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DEEPAK ACHARYA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
– INOX INDIA LIMITED 
MR. PAVAN LOGAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
INOX INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SUNIL LAVATI – INVESTOR RELATIONS – INOX 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MOHIT KUMAR – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX Limited 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to INOX India Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference 
call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. Thank you and over to 
you sir. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Thank you Del. Good evening. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I welcome you all to the Q2 FY25 
Earnings Call of INOX India. Today we have with us from the management, Mr. Deepak 
Acharya, CEO, Mr. Pavan Logar, CFO and Mr. Sunil Lavati, Investor Relations. We'll begin 
with opening remarks from the management followed by Q&A. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes, very good evening everyone. I welcome you all to the Earnings Call for our Second Quarter 
and Half Year ended September 30, 2024. I'm sure you all had a great festive week. On behalf 
of entire INOX India team, I extend best wishes to all of you and your family members. I hope 
you all have gone through the results, investor presentation and press release which are available 
on the exchanges as well as on our website. Before discussing our financial and operational 
numbers for the second quarter and half year, I would like to touch upon few macro numbers as 
well as the industry update to set the context.  
My colleague and CFO of the company Pavan Logar would then take you through the financials 
in detail before we open the forum for questions and answers. India is on the transformative 
journey towards becoming a 7 trillion economy by the end of this decade. This growth is driven 
by significant advancement in digital and physical infrastructure which are attracting 
multinational corporations in manufacturing and services strengthening our economic 
landscape.  
Our country's growth rate pegged ahead of most major economies in the world despite the global 
headwinds not only underscores the resilience of our country's economy, but highlights its 
position as an economic catalyst at the global level for decades to come. A critical area fuelling 
this growth is the energy sector. With India relying on imports for about 85% of its oil and gas 
needs, the government has prioritized expanding domestic production to reduce these 
discrepancies.  
Initiatives like opening over 1 million square kilometers of exploration through the Open 
Acreage Licensing Program highlight these efforts. Also the 10th round of bidding for oil and 
gas assets is set for the early next year. The country's energy mix is also witnessing a double-
digit growth in the installed capacity of renewable energy sources. For INOX India, leader in 
LNG and cryogenic solutions this transformation brings vast opportunities. India's emphasis on 
LNG as a cleaner energy source aligns perfectly with INOX expertise. 
As a key player in LNG storage, transportation and re-gasification system, INOX is well 
positioned to support this energy transition both within India and internationally. The 
government aims to increase the share of natural gas to 15% of our energy mix by 2030, which 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX Limited 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
opens up extensive possibilities for INOX to provide solutions that meet the growing demand 
for natural gas infrastructure. Moreover, India is championing LNG as a sustainable alternative 
for heavy-duty vehicles.  
By 2030, the goal is for one-third of our long-haul truck fleet to run on LNG, reducing emissions 
and cutting fuel costs. To facilitate this shift, measures like IOCL, BPCL, HPCL are setting up 
LNG fuelling stations along the high-traffic routes, including the Golden Quadrilateral. With 
1,000 stations planned in the next few years, INOX cryogenic technology from LNG storage 
tanks to terminals is in central to establishing this infrastructure.  
INOX India is also set to play a role in globally scaling hydrogen value chain. Our products and 
solutions will be critical components in every aspect of the value chain, right from creation to 
consumption. With newer markets across the globe coming into the fray, looking to build 
applications for hydrogen as a clean energy source, we are also evolving our processes and 
supply chain to cater to anticipated surge.  
As we expand our energy and transport sector, INOX India stands ready to play a crucial role in 
building a cleaner, more sustainable India, delivering advanced solutions and align with the 
nation's vision of growth and resilience. I am also delighted to inform you that INOX India has 
received the prestigious ET Energy Award not in one but two categories. 
EPC Company Award for commanding energy, procurement and construction, companies that 
have excelled in delivering high-quality projects and services in the energy sector, and the 
Equipment Manufacturing Award recognizing manufacturers of equipment and technology 
solutions that have demonstrated excellent innovation in the energy sector. 
Now I would like to inform update on our company's Q2 and half-yearly 2025 performance.  
 
Let me begin with our largest business segment, industrial gas solutions.  
 
The inflow of orders in industrial gas vertical during the Q2 FY25 is very good, resulting into 
overall order booking of INR262 crore which is almost 84% higher than our Q1 FY25. We have 
received several orders for standard equipment from domestic gas majors as well as private 
players. We also received orders for special cryogenic transport equipment for ethylene oxide 
for one of the largest petrochemical companies in India. 
Orders have been received for bulk quantity IMO tanks received from one of the largest oil field 
companies in South America. We have received industrial gas trailer orders from Middle East 
region. Large value orders for engineering package system from Far East region and domestic 
customers have been also received. We have secured bulk storage tank for largest solar project 
and also dispatched large size ammonia tank to Middle East region. We are witnessing a 
sustained business for disposable cylinders in North America and domestic market.  
We have successfully completed DOT audit for disposable cylinders and liquid cylinders. For 
the full year, we are confident of achieving targeted revenue for the segment that we have already 
guided you earlier.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX Limited 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
Now I would like to throw some light on the performance of our LNG business segment.  
Order book for the Q2 FY25 stands INR98 crore which is higher than Q1 FY25 by almost 23%. 
We have observed substantial growth in RFQs for LNG business from domestic as well as 
international market. Received repeat orders for LCNG station and LNG semi-trailers from CGD 
companies. We have successfully commissioned LNG fuelling station for BPCL in Adani Total. 
Automotive LNG fuel tank supply to OEM manufacturers in India is growing rapidly and we 
have approved our products and also received orders for LNG fuel tanks from all the four major 
OEM manufacturers in India. We also received orders for 990 LNG fuel tanks from South 
America. We have received large order of LNG semi-trailers from South America. We have also 
received big orders for supply of LNG storage tanks and regasification units from major energy 
companies in South America.  
With success of Caribbean LNG commissioning of mini LNG terminal at Antigua for supply of 
LNG to 40 Megawatt Power Plant. We are hopeful for receiving similar projects in coming 
future. I shall now talk about the business performance of our cryo-scientific segment. We have 
successfully installed cryolines and warmlines on the plant bridge at ITER site. We have 
successfully repaired vacuum vessel thermal panels and dispatched them to ITER site. The same 
was well appreciated by the ITER organization in France. 
We have successfully completed and dispatched T Branch components for WUST project. We 
have received new orders from ITER for intermediate wall box for MCTB. We have received 
orders from CERN for HTS cryostats. We are in discussion for big science projects for FAIR 
Germany. With consistent performance and timely delivery at ITER site of cryolines, INOX 
India has become one of the most reliable supplier for European research projects in cryogenic 
space.  
Let me talk about our youngest business segment that is the steel kegs and container business.  
Our state-of-the-art Savli facility for keg manufacturing is fully geared up to cater the 
requirements of domestic and international market and have developed more than 25 variants of 
kegs required for the Europe and US market. We have dispatched more than 11,000 kegs to 
breweries in India, United States, Belgium, Germany and Brazil.  
I am happy to share that audits for major breweries such as AbinBev and Heineken is planned 
in Q3 FY25. The South America market for beverage kegs looks very promising and we are 
geared to service that market as well. We have received positive feedback from most of the 
customers and breweries for the sample kegs provided to them for their approval. Active RFQs 
for more than 1.5 lakh kegs received from potential customers from India, Australia, Belgium, 
USA, Norway and Spain. We are hopeful to get major breakthrough for supply of kegs to 
breweries in Q3 FY25.  
Let me share the quarterly business numbers to you now.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX Limited 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Order backlog as on 30th September 2024 is INR1,178 crore with 54% order from industrial 
gas, 25% order from LNG and 21% orders from the cryo-scientific division. Our exports 
comprise around 53% of the total order backlog. In terms of segmentation 59% of income has 
come from IG, 19% income has come from LNG and 18% from cryo-scientific and 4% from 
other businesses. Total order inflow during Q2 was INR366 crore comprising 72% from IG, 
26% from LNG and 2% from cryo-scientific segment. 
I would like to thank you all for your patient hearing and I now hand over to Mr. Pavan Logar 
our CFO who will share the financial numbers in detail with you. Thank you so much. 
Pavan Logar: 
Thank you Deepak and good evening everyone. I hope you all had a good festive week. I shall 
summarize financials for the quarter and half year ended on 30th September. Let me share the 
numbers for Q2 and H1. The total income for Q2 was INR320 crore which grew by around 21%. 
The half-yearly income stood at INR622 crore grown by 6.9% on Y-o-Y basis. The EBITDA 
for Q2 was up by 17.7% stood to INR77.3 crore. The H1 EBITDA grew by 5% at around INR153 
crore. Employee expenses has arisen by 16.7% to INR27.3 crore from INR23.4 crore due to 
Savli unit started in September 23.  
Other expenses have arisen by 25% to INR75 crore from INR60 crore due to higher job work 
charges for ITER France repair orders for which free materials supplied by ITER. Our quarterly 
PAT grew by 10% to INR50.1 crore and decreased by 1.9% to INR101.3 crore in H1 level due 
to higher tax expenses because of removal of indexation benefit on LTCG by India budget 24. 
The total debt as on Q2 FY25 is almost nil which provides us adequate room to raise debt in 
future. The company has comfortable net cash position of INR191 crore as on 30th September 
'24. That concludes my update on the financial highlights of the company. 
I shall now request the moderator to open the floor for question and answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Sameer who is an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Sameer: 
Good evening. My question is that the results are very good and in future when we hope to get 
the dividend from the company? 
Pavan Logar: 
Dividend actually is to be decided by the Board of Directors at the year-end only, not at present. 
But yes, definitely we have cash available which is INR191 crore. So, we will definitely consider 
dividend. We are a dividend paying company all through these years. It will be decided by the 
board, definitely. 
Sameer: 
Okay, thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankur Sharma from HDFC Life. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX Limited 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
Ankur Sharma: 
Hi, sir. Good evening. Thanks for your time. A couple of questions. One was, I remember right 
in Q1, we had seen decline in top line and that was attributed to some container shortages 
because of the red sea issue, higher paid costs, etc. So, all of that, if you can update us, how are 
things on that front? Have these issues kind of settled down or if not how are we kind of 
managing it and is there also a component of higher freight costs sitting in other opex? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes, the Red Sea issue is still continuing, but its severity is little reduced. And we are finding 
that we are getting containers now, there is no issue. Earlier, the freight cost was very high, now 
it has reduced also, but not it has come to the original level. So, still there are issues, but with 
proper planning, we are managing the show and we are confident that it will not impact our sales 
or revenue this year. 
Ankur Sharma: 
Okay. And, sir, if you could just remind us, what kind of top line and margins are you kind of 
targeting for the full year, FY25?  
Deepak Acharya: 
Can you repeat? 
Ankur Sharma: 
Sir, if you could just remind us, what would be your sales and margin guidance? What would be 
your top line guidance for FY25 and also what would be your targeted margin guidance at the 
EBITDA level? 
Deepak Acharya: 
So, whatever figures we have provided you earlier for the year end, we are 100% sure that we 
will achieve those figures which is almost like a growth of 20% over the last year. And our 
margin will be also in the same fashion between 21% to 25% EBITDA level and around 13% to 
17% PAT level. 
Ankur Sharma: 
Okay. And, sir, on the cash flow which seems to be negative for the first half, if you could just 
help us what is driving that? How do you see full year operating cash flow? Do you expect an 
improvement going forward? 
Pavan Logar: 
Actually, we are already expanding our new unit and we already expanded about INR 68 crore 
worth of value in this year for capex because a lot of expansions are going on, but still we are 
still having the cash in hand of INR191 crore and our order book is already increasing a lot. And 
to cope up with this order book, definitely our working capital will also definitely increase by 
some value, but not much. So, we will be cash positive only in the year.  
Ankur Sharma: 
So, I was just in more to the operating cash flow. So, you expect that would improve as you 
maybe bring down your inventory and debtors that’s what you indicated? 
Pavan Logar: 
Operating cash flow will definitely improve and because of the capex only this has been little 
bit funds available has been decreased, but which will be recovered and INR100 crores worth of 
capex we are incurring in this year. So, that will definitely reduce the cash flow to that extent, 
but because of the earning, it will be again recovered. Earning of 24-25 will be there. 
Ankur Sharma: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX Limited 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhinav from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhinav: 
Good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is in the beer keg segment order 
inflow as you said is expected in Q3, has we seen any interest in the month of October that has 
just passed by? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes. The beer keg business, what we have seen is normally the season starts normally from 
January to July. This is a typical season where there is a peak. And the inquiries start flowing in 
from maybe October, November, December and we have seen that the market which was slightly 
sluggish in the initial period because that was a lull period, but now we are sending a lot of 
inquiries.  
RFQs are coming in and whatever breweries we have supplied so far, as a sample to Indian 
breweries as well as outside in the US and Europe, everywhere the product is approved. So, we 
don't find any difficulty from quality and other aspects point of view. Just we are waiting for 
their final confirmations and I am hopeful this Q3 will substantially and Q4 will be flooded with 
orders. 
Abhinav: 
And what will be the contribution to the revenues in FY25 from this segment? 
Deepak Acharya: 
We are expecting around INR50 crores to INR60 crores business from the keg for this year till 
March. 
Abhinav: 
Okay. And on a whole, sir, in the first half, revenue growth was at about 7%. Can we achieve a 
growth of 15% in FY25 as a whole? What will be our target for FY25 revenue growth?  
Deepak Acharya: 
In the past, you must have seen we are almost 21% growth is there. Coming third quarter and 
fourth quarter we are also improving. We have very good order book and we have expanded our 
facility, we have improved our production capacities. So, we are quite hopeful by end of the year 
we will achieve these targets. 
Abhinav: 
And a significant order that we won yesterday, is that part of the current order book? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Significant? 
Abhinav: 
The order that we won regarding the liquid energy storage tanks. So, is that part of the current 
order book? . 
Pavan Logar: 
No. The order book which we have shown you is on 30th September. 
Abhinav: 
Understood. And what will be the value of this particular order, potential value? 
Deepak Acharya: 
This order will be around something around 50 Crore plus. 
Abhinav: 
Sir one last question. The other income for this quarter is high. What is that on account of? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX Limited 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Pavan Logar: 
The other income is actually we have this cash flow of INR190 crore which is actually, we took 
this mutual funds with us. That is a debt mutual funds. And the earning which we are getting is 
very, very high than last year. So, that's why our other income is increasing. 
Abhinav: 
Okay. And for the next two quarters, what is the estimate on the other income part? 
Pavan Logar: 
Similar only because Indian market is doing very well. And debt market is also doing very well 
and since April only, we are getting very good margins in these mutual funds. 
Abhinav: 
So, we expect the cash levels to remain the same as well?  
Pavan Logar: 
Yes.  
Abhinav: 
Fine. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Bimal Sampat, who is an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Bimal Sampat: 
Yes. So, my first question was asked by the previous participant about the order size of that. And 
what is the addressable market for this kind of product, which we got from England yesterday? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes, this is perhaps the first order in the world I can say. This is a very special technology for 
green energy. And I think this is the first, but there are so many applications which can come up 
because here what they are doing is they are liquefying the air to liquid air. And when the power 
is not available, then they will expand this and run the generators and convert it into a green 
energy for 60 megawatt project.  
So, if this is successful, there are so many projects which are lined up now. So, we are hopeful 
that once we complete this project by 2026, there will be plenty of opportunities for similar 
projects as everybody is thinking of green energy in coming years. So, this is a very typical 
example and first of its kind order for us. 
Bimal Sampat: 
Okay. And second question is about this. You said 1000 LNG pumps are coming up by 2030, 
correct? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes. 
Bimal Sampat: 
So, what is, I mean, for each pump, what is the quantum of equipment which will go in? 
Deepak Acharya: 
It depends on the size of the pump which you are putting, but approximate value for the fuelling 
station is from INR3 crore to INR5 crore. 
Bimal Sampat: 
INR3 crore to INR5 crore. Okay. And at present, what is our market share in this? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Our market share is almost 65% to 70% in this. 
Bimal Sampat: 
Okay. In future, you hope to have the same market share? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX Limited 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Pavan Logar: 
We wish to have. 
Bimal Sampat: 
Okay. Thank you sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Shah from Dalal & Broacha. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhruv Shah: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. So, just continuing on the previous participant question, on 
the LNG station, out of the 1,000 stations that have been planned by the government, how many 
as on date have been constructed? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Total, to our knowledge around 50 plus stations are in - already have started and 30 more are in 
line now. So, depending on the progress maybe another 6 months to 8 months another 30 will 
be added, but 50 have already started working now. 
Dhruv Shah: 
And any number that you can give like how many can come up in the next 3 years? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Next 3 years should come around 400 to 500 minimum. 
Dhruv Shah: 
400 to 500. And out of that we would be doing with respect to 60% market share 240 to 250 odd 
stations? 
Deepak Acharya: 
As of today, we are doing around 60% to 65%. Going forward, let us see when the lot of 
opportunities are there. Many people try to come into the market, but we will because of our 
early start and our product quality being the best and we manufacture the entire equipment, 
people are inclined to come to INOX India. 
Dhruv Shah: 
So, what would be our margins in constructing these stations EBITDA margin?  
Deepak Acharya: 
Pardon? 
Dhruv Shah: 
What would be our EBITDA margins in constructing one station? 
Deepak Acharya: 
EBITDA margin, we don't look at the EBITDA margin station-wise. We from all our products, 
we convert that into EBITDA margin which is ranging from 21% to 25% on an average. 
Dhruv Shah: 
Okay, And sir my next question was so if you exclude the other income, which has been quite 
significant this quarter, have you seen margin dip across EBITDA margins and PAT margins? 
Any specific reason for this dip? 
Pavan Logar: 
Yes. There is a specific reason this year's budget which the government of India has actually, 
especially these mutual funds, all these mutual funds are long-term with us. And suddenly the 
government has changed their policy and now the tax is applicable and the indexation benefit 
has been gone out. So, there is no indexation benefit and now we have to pay the tax on the total 
income which we already accrued on these mutual funds at the rate of 14.3% and due to that, we 
have… 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX Limited 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Dhruv Shah: 
My question was with respect to your operating margin. So, removing your other income 
component, we have seen a margin. So, your EBITDA margins have dipped by around 200 basis 
points on a Y-o-Y basis. So, any particular reason for this dip? 
Pavan Logar: 
No, EBITDA margin always goes with the range. It depends on order-to-order. So, it's a range. 
It cannot be the same every time. It must be in the range only. So, 1% or 2% is here and there. 
It will always be there.  
Dhruv Shah: 
Right sir. And just if you can throw some light on the LNG truck fleet, we have a target of one 
third of the country's fleet to be dependent on LNG. What is the state of that as of now? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yeah, this is a very nice question. And let me tell you that INOX India is working with these 
OEM manufacturers for the last 1.5 years now. So, we are now qualified with almost all four 
OEM manufacturers in India and if you see, recently Tata has inaugurated their LNG trucks in 
Ahmadabad and they are expecting a good number of trucks even in that video and when I was 
also present during the corporate presentation of Tata.  
They are saying 1 million trucks they will sell by 2035. That is such an ambitious project a target 
Tata has taken. Similarly, Eicher Volvo, similarly Ashok Leyland and Blue Energy. These are 
the four major players and we are approved by all of them and we are just waiting for them and 
even we have recently supplied to South America to Scania trucks. And we are getting good 
number of inquiries and our product is getting established. People were just waiting for the fuel 
stations.  
So, almost 50 fuel stations are available. And during one fill with a 450 liter tank, it goes to 
almost 600 kilometrs, 700 kilometers whereas, 990 liter type of tank can go to 1200 kilometers. 
So, the market is picking up. We are seeing a lot of traction into this product. And people are 
very bullish. The performance of the engine, the efficiency, the theft rate, everything has 
improved. And the pollution has also drastically reduced. So, all the benefits are there with this 
LNG. Availability of LNG is also good nowadays.  
So, all this I think there is potential that in coming years we will see many trucks on the road 
with LNG as a fuel. 
Dhruv Shah: 
Thank you. And just if I can squeeze in one last question. So, in cryogenic equipment, what 
would be our market share in India and globally? If you have any numbers on that? 
Deepak Acharya: 
For cryogenic tank business, we have almost like 60% plus market share and on the global basis, 
we have almost less than 10% I can say. 
Dhruv Shah: 
Less than 10%.  
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes.  
Dhruv Shah: 
And who would be the largest player globally? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INOX Limited 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Deepak Acharya: 
Largest player Chart from USA and another one is Chinese called Cimc Enric. These are the 
two major players which we have competition with. 
Dhruv Shah: 
Okay. Thank you so much, sir. 
Deepak Acharya: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Shah from Pranishta. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Shah: 
A couple of quick questions. One, are we seeing any traction in the semiconductor industry? 
That's one. And second, just given this kind of cutting edge work that you do in a variety of 
different industries, what would be your 3 year to 5 year vision in terms of top line? If you could 
just elaborate on this too? 
Deepak Acharya: 
You're asking a very nice question on the semiconductor industry. As semiconductor industry is 
growing very fast, recently three or four projects have declared one in Ahmadabad, one in 
Mumbai and in Chennai and Odisha. So almost every project is more than INR50,000 crore. So 
we find a lot of opportunities for this because we have recently supplied equipment to Micron 
and Foxconn. And way back around a decade back, we have supplied similar equipment to 
Singapore as well.  
A lot of piping work is also involved, which requires very clean piping. The storage has to be 
very clean and our parent company also provides the industrial gases to them. So we find that 
the semiconductor industry can be really helpful in improving our business going forward. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Thank you. And what would be, I mean, just given everything that's happening and the kind of 
industries in which you are involved, what would be your 3 year to 5 year vision or outlook for 
revenue? 
Deepak Acharya: 
So we are growing at around 20% and if everything goes well like green energy, hydrogen, 
nuclear, semiconductor, I think the sky is the limit, but we are trying to see how we can really 
cater to these requirements. But we are into the areas where very few have dared to trade before. 
Sanjay Shah: 
So that's fair. Thank you. That will be useful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Deepak Acharya: 
Thank you all of you for attending this call. I hope we have answered most of the questions. If 
something is still you want to ask, you can send a mail to us and we'll reply. Thank you so much 
for attending this call. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
