TVS Electronics Limited
“Arihant E-Park”, No.117/1, 9th Floor, L.B. Road, Adyar, Chennai – 600 020. Tel.: +91-44-42005200
Registered Office: Greenways Towers, 2nd Floor, No.119, St. Mary’s Road, Abhiramapuram, Chennai- 600 018
Corporate Identity Number: L30007TN1995PLC032941
E-mail id: webmaster@tvs-e.in Website: www.tvs-e.in
13th November, 2024
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street
Mumbai - 400 001
Scrip Code – 532513
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No. C/1 G Block
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra - (E)
Mumbai - 400 051
Scrip Symbol – TVSELECT
Dear Sir / Madam,
Sub: Compliance under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015
In continuation to our intimations dated 4th November, 2024 and 11th November, 2024 with respect to
Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended 30th September, 2024 and intimation on the audio
recording, respectively, we wish to inform that the transcript of the said recording is available on the
website of the Company at:
https://www.tvs-e.in/wp-content/finreports/stock/TVSE_EarningsCall_Transcript.pdf
We have also enclosed the transcript. Kindly take the same on records.
Thanking you,
For TVS ELECTRONICS LIMITED
K Santosh
Company Secretary
SANTOSH 
KRISHNADASS
Digitally signed by 
SANTOSH KRISHNADASS 
Date: 2024.11.13 18:16:03 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 14
TVS Electronics Limited
TVS Electronics Limited Q2 H1 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call
November 11, 2024
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the TVS Electronics Limited Q2 and H1 FY’25
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode,
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing
"*" then "0" on your touch-tone phone. This conference is being recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. Thank you, and
over to you, sir.
Anuj Sonpal:
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Anuj
Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor Relations of TVS Electronics
Limited. On behalf of the Company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the
Company's Earnings Conference Call for the 2nd Quarter and First Half of Financial Year 2025.
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made
in today's Earnings Call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements
are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those
anticipated. Such statements are based on management’s beliefs as well as assumptions
made by and information currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to
place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment
decisions.
The purpose of today's Earnings Call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the
Company's fundamental business and Financial Quarter under review.
Let me now introduce you to the Management participating with us in today's Earnings Call
and hand it over to them for Opening Remarks.
We firstly have with us Mrs. Srilalitha Gopal – Managing Director; Mr. Mr. A K. Vadivelu -
Chief Financial Officer. Without any further delay, I request Mrs. Gopal to start with her
opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, Ma’am.
Srilalitha Gopal:
Thank you Anuj. Good afternoon everyone. Welcome to our first ever Earnings Call to discuss
the performance of the 2nd Quarter and First Half of the Financial Year 2025. Some of you
 

Page 2 of 14
may be new to the company, so let me start by giving a quick brief overview of TVS
Electronics.
TVS Electronics or TVSE as it is popularly known was incorporated in 1986 under the
leadership of Mr. Gopal Srinivasan, a member of the illustrated TVS family. We are
headquartered out of Chennai and have a state-of-the-art manufacturing plant located at
Tumkuru, Karnataka. Our vision is to be an integrated electronic solutions provider for B2B
customers.
The overall performance of the company is reviewed under 2 business units, Products and
Solutions Group and Customer Support Services. In the Products and Solutions Group, we
aspire to be a single point solutions provider. The 2 offerings that we have are point of
transaction products and integrated solutions.
Our point of transaction products mainly consist of input devices, computing devices,
validation devices and output devices. Under integrated solutions, we offer our own software
solution TVSE Pay for retail customers and also have a set of solutions to our partner
ecosystem. These include hardware ecosystems based out of Taiwan, Korea and China.
Software ecosystems mainly consisting of RoyalPOS, SnapBizz and Vyapar and the third is
analytics ecosystem which we are building. While we cannot share any forward-looking
numbers, we would like to share the addressable market size as we assess currently is around
2000 crores of which our market share is about 18 to 20%. This segment of our business
contributes almost 70% to our revenues. The Customer Support Services business unit, we
aspire to be the first choice after sales service partner. Our focus is on field support services,
infrastructure managed services, O&M services and electronic manufacturing services.
The field support services caters to the IT and IT peripherals. Predominantly covers 15,000
postal codes, 2400 field agents. The large customers like Dell, HP, etc., we provide break/fix
and maintenance services to them. Under field support services, we also cater to the banking
community where some of the large banks and financial services companies have break/fix
arrangements with us for their EDC terminals.
Under customer support services, we have identified the following growth areas for TVSE.
The first is the Infra Managed Services for IT and IT peripherals. The second is the operations
and maintenance for solar. The third is the Electronic Manufacturing Services. The broad
serviceable market for field support services is about 500 crores. Infra-Managed Services is
about 4,500 crores and the Operations and Maintenance Services, O&M, is 350 crores. So, we
are looking at an addressable market of about 5,350 crores.
In the electronic manufacturing services, we mainly would like to address box-build
opportunities, exploring the Make-In-India opportunities with our tech partners. We are
 

Page 3 of 14
confident that the new areas identified of growth will place TVSE in a good position in the
coming decade.
With that brief overview of what TVSE actually is, I hand over the call to Mr. A. K. Velu, our
CFO, to provide key financial and operational highlights for the quarter under review,
followed by an open Q&A session.
A. K. Velu:
Thank you, ma'am. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to this Earnings Concall. Let me
first brief you on the financial performance for the 2nd Quarter of the Financial Year 2025.
For Q2 FY’25, the consolidated revenue from operations stood at around 105 crores, which
increased by 13.4% on year-on-year basis. EBITDA for the quarter was around 2.6 crores, and
net loss was reported at approximately 1.3 crores. For the first half of the financial year, the
consolidated revenue from operations stood at around 216 crores, which increased by
approximately 18.6% on year-on-year basis.
EBITDA for the first half was around 5.8 crores, and net loss was reported approximately 2.6
crores. The products and solutions verticals generated revenue of 73 crores in Q2 FY’23,
representing an increase of 8.3% year-on-year. The segment registered year-on-year growth
of 19.1% in revenue in H1-25.
The customer support services verticals generated a revenue of 32 crores in Q2 FY’25,
representing an increase of 27.5% year-on-year. The increase in revenue is driven by
improved volumes in Q2. The segment registered a year-on-year growth of 17.4% in revenue
in H1.
The EBIT margins declined during the quarter, driven by an increase in personal costs
associated with new business initiatives such as EMS and R&D, as well as investments in
building capabilities, which expected to yield better results in the future. The PBT was
impacted due to an increase in finance costs, which were incurred for servicing the loans,
procured for capital investments and the working tax capital purpose.
With that, we can now open the floor for questions and answer session. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Dilip, an individual investor. Please
go ahead.
Dilip:
I just wanted to check the margin this quarter for obvious reasons. Can you segregate what
was the impact of the new line, SMT-1 and if you take that out, the core businesses like
product business and services business, can you individually show how those businesses
performed in terms of margins?
 

Page 4 of 14
A. K. Velu:
Yes, sure. I think overall on all the growth initiatives put together; we are investing between 2
to 3% of our revenue. So, if you look at our current EBIT for Quarter 2, it is 2.5%. So, if you
add that, our EBIT will be somewhere between 4.5 to 5.5%.
Dilip:
Yes, so that is what the traditional margin of around 5% plus or minus 0.5% has been for the
last couple of years. So, there has been no deterioration of the core businesses, but because
of the investment you are showing a little less margin or maybe no margin.
A. K. Velu:
Absolutely, sir. As we are focusing on long-term growth, we are investing in this growth areas.
Otherwise, our business as usual, we are generating 4.5 to 5.5% of EBITDA, which is our
regular performance.
Dilip:
Sir, I am assuming that your customer service business is asset-light business. So, the capital
will be mostly working capital and the factory, I think they are very old ones. So, the net
values will be quite depreciated, right? Can you just tell me broadly what amount of capital
the product business is taking and how much is the investment in customer service business?
A. K. Velu:
Broadly, if you categorize out of our total capital employed, 65 crores to 70 crores will be
towards product business and 20 to 25 crores is towards the service business.
Dilip:
Okay. So, ideally the way to look at it is that around 100 crores of capital, if the scale-up
happens, will give you around 20 to 25 crores of return. So, the ROC will turn to around
(+20%). Is it fair to assume that 20% to 22 % ROCE, 15% ROE is the kind of nature of this
business?
A. K. Velu:
Yes, 15% ROE is the regular past performance for our company, and we are targeting towards
that in the future also. Sure, sure.
Dilip:
Coming back to the customer service business, your vendors are large like Dell and IBM and
those guys. Is there some specific segment you are allowed to serve or is it also that if you
look at networking products or storage or data center products, inside the enterprise
customer premise, is that also you serve or is it only the retail customers who just walk into a
store or somebody who bought a laptop who wants to serve? Is there a differentiation in
terms of customer base from your vendor's perspective?
Srilalitha Gopal:
So, Mr. Dilip, let me take the question. The main customer for us are the enterprise
customers, that means Dell is the customer, the end customer is the walk-in customer or the
actual user is by fact that he or she owns a Dell or HP laptop. But the actual what we serve
will be HP servers, Dell servers, Dell laptops and HP laptops in reality. The retail part of the
business is very small as compared to the enterprise.
 

Page 5 of 14
Dilip:
Okay. So, you are saying that the enterprise customers of Dell are the guys who receive your
service on behalf of Dell?
Srilalitha Gopal:
That's right.
Dilip:
So, my question, ma'am is that when you are trying, so what is the skill level? Is it like
break/fix and logistics and a first L1 kind of a call or you really manage the data centers?
Because if you are going to really manage the switches and routers and data centers and
servers and storage and enterprise apps, your margin should have been much more higher,
isn't it? Not some 5% EBITDA margin, isn't it?
Srilalitha Gopal:
No, at this present, I don't think they are outsourcing data center management and other
management, Mr. Dilip. As and when they are getting outsourced, we will build our skill for
that.
Dilip:
Sure. Understood. So, you are essentially looking at maybe a last mile support and giving
them point of service across multiple locations which they cannot have on their own, is it
correct to understand like that?
Srilalitha Gopal:
No, not correct. That's actually exactly what you have asked for. It is the last mile service.
After sales, last mile support is what we provide.
Dilip:
Great. Ma'am, in terms of the product line, you have been there, that's similar like POS and
keyboards and mouse and stuff like that for a very, very long time, right and I know about it
for at least 30, 40 years. So, why are you focused only, and that segment is also getting
challenged by new platforms coming up. So, both in terms of point of sale for the retail guy as
well as the input devices like printers what would be our compulsion to stick to these two,
three product lines? That's why we are not able to expand to other electronics in the broader
range like say monitors or something like that which are also devices connected to a
computing device.
Srilalitha Gopal:
As of now, Mr. Dilip, being in this particular set of devices makes a lot of compelling case for
us. We will definitely examine your suggestion and go back to the drawing board on this.
Dilip:
You know, I am not, obviously, you are running the business, I am not suggesting, I am just
trying to understand, is there any…
Srilalitha Gopal:
No, Mr. Dilip, I am being very honest here. We do find being, continuing to be in POS and if I
might mention POS has been not a very long term. Actually, we have been in POS for the last
few years only. We have not entered POS before that. POS as in point of sale, as in point of
sale terminal, point of sale processing devices, etc. What we have been for the longest time
are DOT MATRIX printers and printers and keyboards and so on and so forth. Those are Dot
 

Page 6 of 14
Matrix printers, I agree with you. They have sort of now are seeing sunset. Keyboards are
something which are continuing to be in high demand and we think they will be. But the rest,
yes, I think what you make is an interesting thought. We will examine it. I won't have an
answer at this point of time. But as you know, we have set up the R&D center and the R&D
center is examining all such suggestions from the board, well-wishers, shareholders and
investors and I will definitely add this to their list of suggestions to examine.
Dilip:
Yes. But my thought process is coming from the fact that I have been knowing TVS for almost
30-40 years and one of the early pioneers of the best quality keyboards if I remember and
having a few companies in India electronics manufacturing who invested in R&D and set up
and all. But somehow over so many years the volumes, the revenues are still 150-200 crores
per quarter, maybe 400 crores per year. That's what I was wondering that there are so many
new electronic manufacturing companies who came, let's say Dixon or a Kaynes or all these
so-called electronics manufacturing companies who are outsourcing OEM products. They
completely caught the wave and currently are talking about thousands of crores of
manufacturing. But some of the old hands and very quality-oriented companies like TVS
couldn't catch that wave. So, I am just trying to understand what is that happened.
Srilalitha Gopal:
No, very valid query on your part, sir. I am sure you should keep asking these questions and
we will continue to answer them. But no matter what I tell you today, I will not be able to
answer that question.
Dilip:
It is not a question that I am just wondering and not thinking about.
Srilalitha Gopal:
I absolutely appreciate what you do. But as I said, I don't think I will be able to answer it
convincingly or even in a satisfactory manner today. But please keep asking us these
questions.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijit, an individual investor. Please go
ahead.
Abhijit:
Ma'am, this is regarding the EMS business. We have got Mr. Satya for around, I think, 5 to 6
months. Any progress that you can share as to any shortlisted clients or any expected
turnover from that particular area?
Srilalitha Gopal:
Nothing that I can share at this point, Mr. Abhijit. I would like you to keep engaging with us
and we will definitely share when we have something crystal that we can share with you.
Efforts are on.
Abhijit:
Efforts are on. Okay and what are the areas where one would be looking at? In EMS, there
would be various segments, various, what do you say, focus. You can do it for auto, you can
 

Page 7 of 14
do it for consumers. Any particular area where you are focusing, any pharma, how are you
going about it?
Srilalitha Gopal:
So, we are definitely looking at auto electronics, electronics being our backbone. So,
definitely auto electronics. Our one existing extension of our peripherals, a manufacturer
which we are already doing in-house extension of that. These are two major areas we are
focusing at this point of time, Mr. Abhijit.
Abhijit:
And this would be local clients, international clients?
Srilalitha Gopal:
I think as I said, efforts are on. Okay. You can ask me any amount of time in whichever way I
will give you the same answer.
Abhijit:
No, I am just trying to understand more.
Srilalitha Gopal:
No, I know. I appreciate it completely. But if I had a number, a name, you would have heard it
even before we did this call.
Abhijit:
Okay, great and there was a newspaper report saying that you were also looking at
government orders since you are grade 1. Anything you can share that side, be it in terms of
EMS or any other business?
Srilalitha Gopal:
Government orders will predominantly be projects from the products, which anyway has
always been a tender base, gem portals, government orders, part of the infrastructure, not in
the EMS side.
Abhijit:
Okay, fine and ma'am, with the focus increasing in terms of the new personnel who are
coming up, one was actually expecting a Q1 increase in turnover. You had a good Q1 where I
think you did a 20% plus sales growth. Anything you can share if there has been a particular
reason for the Q2 being slightly lower, or is that something which will keep on happening?
Anything you can give more info on that?
Srilalitha Gopal:
Mr. Abhijit, I think we are focused on long-term growth. The Quarter 1, as you might have
noticed and we also announced, there were project revenues from the government which
added to a substantial increase and we will keep focusing on the growth and scale. So, I think
shorter term quarters, there will be pluses and minuses.
Abhijit:
Okay and ma'am, as I see also the investments have gone down in the balance sheet by
around 20 crores from your 31st March 2024 to 30th September 2024. So, do you think down
the line you will be raising more debt or you will be looking at raising equity in case you
require for the funding of new businesses?
 

Page 8 of 14
A. K. Velu:
Actually, it is a mutual fund investment. We have surplus funds in the mutual fund
investments and as we had requirements for our working capital purpose, we just redeemed
those investments and we have used it for our normal working capital purpose. That is why
you are seeing the reduction. On an overall basis, on a CAPEX side, if you ask, we have already
invested in the last 2 years approximately 40 crores for all the growth areas that are CAPEX.
So, in the near future, we may not do such a big CAPEX, but we will do the regular
requirements for growth like setting up new offices, increasing digitization, all those areas,
which will be a regular business CAPEX. Expansion CAPEX, we have already completed in the
last 2 years.
Abhijit:
Okay. But will you be doing the fresh funding in case you require more funds? Since the
personal costs have gone up a bit, would you be looking at more debt or you will be able to
get it through internal accruals or you will be looking to raise fresh capital?
A. K. Velu:
In the short term, we are looking to manage our internal accruals. Long term, if we could, we
will look at the option of fundraising. That will be a long term option.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan Vora from Envision Capital. Please go
ahead.
Rohan Vora:
So, I just wanted to understand how big is the R&D team today versus 2 years back. Also, one
more question on that was how does the team select the products? What is the thought
process behind how a product is shortlisted that the team will work on? Thank you.
Srilalitha Gopal:
Rohan, thank you for joining the call and asking this. The short answer is actually 2 years back,
if you look at it, we just had a very small sustenance engineering team. The R&D team was
practically zero. Today, we have a fairly large team, about 20 to 25 member team, which will
grow with the business. The second question was how do we select products for
development? That is purely based on the market research and the areas that we are in, sales
reports, opportunity reports, trends, a whole bunch of things that are evaluated for
development.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manan Patel, an individual investor. Please
go ahead.
Manan Patel:
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for doing this call. I hope this practice
continues. The question would be on EMS. You mentioned that we are still looking for clients
and all, but we have done the CapEx, so would you be able to give a proper timeline on when
we can start to see the revenues start flowing in EMS, and are we planning to report it
separately, or will it be part of the product and solutions?
 

Page 9 of 14
A. K. Velu:
I think as mentioned by MD earlier, I think we are putting all our efforts to do the business
development, and we are also hoping the onboarding happens sooner. Based on that, I think
we are also having a plan of having a separate reporting in the 3 or 4 quarters as things
progress.
Manan Patel:
Okay. And apart from clients, are there any milestones that we need to reach in EMS apart
from getting clients, like any certifications or anything else?
A. K. Velu:
Apart from doing clients, we are into auto. I think there is some specific certification work
that needs to be done, which we already started. The internal team is working on those
certifications, so that will be ready by this December end.
We are working on a few
certification projects already.
Manan Patel:
Okay. Great. The second question is on the CSS. I have looked at the company's balance sheet
for many years now. If I look at the CSS division, it has never been profitable, and it looks still
like a subscale. I mentioned 5,300 crores of revenue of the market size, but still we are doing
around 100 crores annually, and it has not been profitable ever for us. So, like, how do we see
the growth path in this? First of all, the CSS. Looking at the history of CSS in the company, the
division has probably been at the same scale for many years and has not been profitable. So, I
wanted to understand your views on what path are we looking at for this segment, and can it
grow substantially and become profitable in, like, next couple of years or something like that?
How do you think about this segment and ROCs of this?
Srilalitha Gopal:
Good evening, Manan. First of all, thank you for your questions, and I would like to assure
you that, yes, the Earnings Call will continue every quarter, and we will engage with our
investors and analysts. On the customer support services, I think the observations of all our
well-wishers have been very, very accurate. That is, it appears in the reporting that we are
not actually making profits. But if you look at it, the customer support services, as I already
mentioned, supports a bunch of offerings, some of which are growing, some of which are still
in nascent stages and the combined effect of it sometimes gives the impression that the
division is not making profits. The second thing is that over a period of years, we have now
identified growth areas. As I mentioned earlier in my address, that IMS, field support, and
O&M are our growth areas, and we are going to focus on this. In the earlier years, we used to
have consumer electronics services. I'm not sure whether you have had a chance to examine
them. We used to support consumer electronics repairs, break/fix and repairs which was not,
unfortunately, something that we could make much of, and that actually dragged a lot of our
productivity and our profits. We have now exited them completely, and our focus is going to
be on IT sector. Our focus is going to be on banking sector, and our focus is going to be on the
solar sector, and we believe this will give us the momentum that we need. Hopefully, we
should be able to demonstrate how the performance has been in the next few quarters.
 

Page 10 of 14
Manan Patel:
That is very helpful, ma'am. Last question on the CSS. So, the segment assets, if I look at the
customer support services, the segment assets have increased from around 61 crores to 103
crores. So, what is that jump related to? I am not able to pinpoint that from the balance sheet.
If you can help, what is that some kind of investment, or the receivables have gone up
substantially, or inventory, if you can help us understand that.
A. K. Velu:
Yes. Currently, as we internally look at the customer support service, it includes
manufacturing services, which is EMS. So, the investments in that business and the growth in
receivables and related working capital areas, that is where you are seeing an increase in the
segment assets of that business.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naresh Kumar, an individual investor. Please
go ahead.
Naresh Kumar:
Madam, this EMS line, which has been newly operational, actually, what is in the phase, if you
compare phase-wise, what you people intend to do in the first phase? Will it only be for
captive consumption, or you are targeting some other sectors also in the first phase?
Srilalitha Gopal:
The first phase is definitely, as we have mentioned earlier also, is for captive consumption. As
we increase the productivity and as we settle down, we are looking for customers, as I
mentioned earlier also, in the automotive electronic segment and the IT peripheral segment,
which happens to be where we are currently. We also are currently in.
Naresh Kumar:
Okay. Madam, will we be able to take care, this existing line, will we be able to take care of
the external clients also or do we need to go for some cap?
Srilalitha Gopal:
Yes, I think so. We can.
Naresh Kumar:
Okay and any capacity expansion is there? Will the factory premises be able to do that, space
is enough for the accommodation of CAPEX, or do we need to have some other?
Srilalitha Gopal:
Yes we can accommodate.
Naresh Kumar:
Okay and madam, what is the CAPEX that is incurred on this EMS line?
A. K. Velu:
Yes, the last year we have set up one SMT line, so for that we have invested, let's say, 15
crores. So, that is the investment which we have done in the last year, including setting up
the entire factory with nitrogen gas pipes and air pipes for compressor and everything. So,
that is a first-time setup, so we have spent 15 crores for the first line.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sriram, an individual investor. Please go
ahead.
 

Page 11 of 14
Sriram:
Thank you for the opportunity. Just a follow-up. I mean, this year, what is the total CAPEX
that we have spent for this EMS, and what is the asset turn we are expecting over the next
couple of years?
A. K. Velu:
As I mentioned, we have spent 15 crores, which is, I think, in our capital as of March itself. So,
we have spent 15 crores. The asset turn and all is, I think, as the business onboarding
happens, we will be able to give you those details.
Sriram:
Okay. For this year, what is the CAPEX FY’25?
A. K. Velu:
For this year, we are not planning any additional CAPEX as of now. If there is a business
requirement, we will take the call as and when it is required. As of now, there is no plan for
this year.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohith from Marshmallow Capital. Please go
ahead.
Rohith:
Thank you for the opportunity, sir, and thank you for doing this call. It's really helpful. I mean,
so in the conversation today, you guys mentioned that we are looking at auto electronics and
IT peripherals as the first foray into SMT. So, what are the filters through which a product has
to go through before you decide to make it? I mean, is there some sort of a margin? Is there
some sort of a return on capital metric that you look at? Like, what determines the decision is
something that will be helpful to understand.
Srilalitha Gopal:
Good evening, Mr. Rohith. I think you have given us all the filters that we need to look
through. We are looking at all of that and more.
Rohith:
Understood. So, thank you. That's helpful and it is also helpful to know that whenever the
SMT scales up, you will be reporting it separately. You are looking forward to that and in the
meantime, it will help us to know. So, as shareholders, from the outside, we can't see what is
happening internally. You did do a plant visit, which is very helpful, and I was lucky to be a
participant in that. But what are the metrics? I mean, what should we look out for? Because
numbers, you said, as and when it happens, you will disclose to us. So, what would we look
forward to over the next whatever period of time to see or understand the progress within
the company?
A. K. Velu:
As we have started with the Earnings Call, we will continue to do. So, you will get to listen
from us the progress in each and every business segment. So, whatever developments,
further developments, we will update you in the next business call, the next Earnings Call.
Understood. Fair enough.
 

Page 12 of 14
Rohith:
So, any customer wins, or certifications, and all that, will you be disclosing to the exchanges? I
think that also might be helpful.
A. K. Velu:
Yeah, if it is required as per the SEBI norms, we will disclose it. So, we will keep the exchange
updated about it.
Srilalitha Gopal:
According to SEBI, anything material has to be reported, Mr. Rohith. So, then you can
definitely get to know all that and what we are also planning is regular press reports and
releases to celebrate any new wins and big wins.
Rohith:
Perfect. That also will be helpful and on a broader strategy, right, so this EMS space is very
clear that it is a very, very, very large space, and we have, given our history and our group
reputation, it is something that we have a right to win, and it makes sense for us to target
given the opportunity size. I want to understand more of your thought process in targeting a
segment like solar operation and maintenance, right? So, I think it was indicated that the
market opportunity size is around 300-350 crores. And obviously, it would not be the case
that we get 100% share there. So, when we have such big opportunities in both the customer
solution in terms of IT infrastructure opportunity and the EMS space, why go for something,
or why diffuse our focus with something like this, where the opportunity size is small and it
might not fit into our, let's say, five, seven-year ambition with the size we intend to reach?
Srilalitha Gopal:
So, I think this is a really good suggestion, and as I had mentioned to one of our earlier
esteemed participants also, and this calls for a long discussion. I'm sure this is slightly beyond
the scope of this call. We will take whatever you have said into consideration, and it is
something that we keep also debating. We will get back to you on what our thoughts are
maybe in the next meeting or the next call.
Rohith:
Okay, thank you, ma'am and last question is, in the opening commentary, you mentioned
that in product solutions, the market size is around 2,000 crore, and maybe we are 18, 20%
there. But, I mean, so related to this, it seems like the Indian government is not very keen on
sensitive products coming from China, like, let's say, the closed-circuit camera, etc. and that
seems right within our circle of competence, so to speak. So, do you see this market size or
market opportunity for us expanding and entering newer segments within product? I mean, I
know EMS is an exciting space for us, but even within product, it seems like the opportunity
set can be expanding, and we can probably do more there. So, do you see these
opportunities opening up at your end?
Srilalitha Gopal:
Yeah, I do see opportunities opening up. We are constantly exploring and there are new
areas coming in, even as we speak.
Rohith:
So, are we doing newer products in that space right now, or it's still too early to speak at this
point?
 

Page 13 of 14
Srilalitha Gopal:
Too early to speak. R&D takes nothing less than 4 to 6 quarters to come up with something.
Rohith:
Understood and, ma'am, both of you, last question from my end. So, I mean, I have begun
following this EMS and contract manufacturing space only this year, but one factor that
seems to be a differentiator in many of the large companies which have done well is that, I
mean, the nature of the business is that the margins are probably high single digits or maybe
very low double digits, and in that context, given the labor intensity of the business as well, it
seems like many of the successful players are located in places where the labor cost is cheap,
so predominantly the north, like where the supply of labor, like maybe the UP side or NCR
side or Rajasthan side, and because labor component is an important piece given the labor
intensity and the low margin nature necessitates that we keep some of our large costs low.
So, in that context, while Tumkur has... Tumkur is a great location in the sense of the
availability of engineering talent, do you see cost as a pain point for us to scale, labor cost in
particular?
Srilalitha Gopal:
Not really.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Dilip, an individual investor. Please
go ahead.
Dilip:
I am just trying to understand from your... on the EMS business a bit. Since you must be, I am
sure, engaging with your prospective customers for some time now, what has been the
response? What kind of qualifiers are they putting for either doing business with you or not
doing business with you? Like, what are the reasons why they want to do business and what
are the reasons why they don't want to do business with you? Can you just elaborate?
Srilalitha Gopal:
No, I am not sure those are all questions or things that we could share with you at this point
of time. I am not at liberty to. I mean, you understand why, right? I mean, I cannot tell them
why they want to work with us, nor can I tell you why they don't want to work with us. I do
not want to have assumption that people don't want to work or work with us, so I think I
would like to avoid that question.
Dilip:
Yeah. So, my point was this question of right to win in the market, which was asked before,
and I have been just trying to figure out what is the right to win in this market. There are
various kinds of players with various competency and capacity, and where does TVS fit into
this whole scheme of things? That's what I was saying, if you can tell us. At least when you
are pitching to the customer, what is it that you are pitching?
Srilalitha Gopal:
Mr. Dilip, I am not exactly sure what I need to be mentioning. I was making a little
development
Dilip:
No, is it the R&D?
 

Page 14 of 14
Srilalitha Gopal:
There is enough history and enough capability that TVS has to be able to make a convincing
argument, is all I can say.
Dilip:
Sure, okay. Yeah, I understand. Thank you, ma'am.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Manan Patel, an individual investor.
Please go ahead.
Manan Patel:
So, I would like to ask... So, our employee costs were around 54 crores in FY’24, and given the
run rate of current quarter, we would almost touch around 75 crores. So, where in the
journey of investing or hiring new employees are we stuck? Is that near the end or this cost is
expected to go up further in the quarters coming?
A. K. Velu:
I think, as I mentioned in the beginning of the call, I think we are focusing on EMS and R&D
initiatives. We have invested on these new people, whom we have added in the last 2-3,
quarters and if I were to say whether it will continue, I think we have done 75 to 80% of what
is required. In the future we will add as the business grows. That is the way it will progress.
Either the business development or operationally, as per the business growth requirements,
we will add people.
Manan Patel:
Understood and, sir, what kind of investments are we expecting as a percentage of revenue
or something like that in the R&D for new product development?
A. K. Velu:
See, I can't give separately, but as I mentioned in the beginning, in EMS and R&D and other
initiatives, all put together, we are investing 2 to 3% of our revenue towards all the growth
initiatives, keeping the long-term growth in mind.
Manan Patel:
Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks a lot.
Moderator:
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to
the management from TVS Electronics Limited for closing comments.
Srilalitha Gopal:
Thank you all for asking really relevant in-depth questions. We request you to continue to
engage with us. Some of your questions will make us think even more and come back to you
with answers and responses, which will perhaps make it more interesting for further
interesting sessions.
A. K. Velu:
Thank you all.
Moderator:
Thank you. On behalf of TVS Electronics Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.
 
