 
 
  
 
 
Ref: BEL/NSE/BSE/ECT/19112024           
 
    
                      19th November, 2024 
 
 
Listing Department                                                Department of Corporate Services – Listing  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited             BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza,                                                      P. J. Towers 
Bandra Kurla Complex,                                            Dalal Street, 
Bandra (East),                                                        Mumbai – 400 001 
Mumbai – 400 051                                                    
 
Re.: Scrip Symbol: BRIGADE/Scrip Code: 532929 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: 
Transcript of Conference Call on the Company’s Financial & Operational Performance 
for Q2 FY 2024-25 held on 14th November, 2024:                                                       
 
We are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Conference Call on the financial and operational 
performance of the Company for Q2 FY 2024-25 held on Thursday, 14th November, 2024. 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Brigade Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
P. Om Prakash 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
Om Prakash 
Palanimuth
u
Digitally signed 
by Om Prakash 
Palanimuthu 
Date: 2024.11.19 
18:40:22 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Brigade Enterprises Limited 
Q2 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. PAVITRA SHANKAR –MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
BRIGADE ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MS. NIRUPA SHANKAR – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
– BRIGADE ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MR. ROSHIN MATHEW – WHOLETIME DIRECTOR – 
BRIGADE ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MR. AMAR MYSORE – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
BRIGADE ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MR. JAYANT MANMADKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – BRIGADE ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
PRADYUMNA KRISHNA KUMAR -- EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR – BRIGADE ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
 

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 and FY '25 Earnings Conference Call 
of Brigade Enterprises Limited. We have with us today the management of Brigade Enterprises 
Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Pavitra Shankar, Managing Director of Brigade 
Enterprises Limited. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to the Brigade Enterprises Q2 FY '25 Earnings Call. 
I am Pavitra Shankar, Managing Director. I'm joined today by our Joint Managing Director, Ms. 
Nirupa Shankar; Directors, Mr. Roshin Mathew, Mr. Amar Mysore and Mr. PradyumnaKrishna 
Kumar, Executive Directors, our CFO, Mr. Jayant Manmadkar, along with the members of the 
senior management team. 
 
We are pleased to report a strong performance in Q2 FY '25 with continued progress across all 
key business segments. In Q2 FY '25, our Real Estate division showed stable performance with 
presales of 1.68 million square feet valued at INR1,821 crores. Demand in our Residential 
business remains strong, driven by a preference for properties offering larger spaces, enhanced 
amenities and premium finishes. 
 
Collections during the quarter stood at INR1,937 crores, underlining the strong execution of our 
ongoing projects and customer confidence in our offering. The market continues to demonstrate 
a healthy appetite for both newly launched projects, and we are optimistic about the upcoming 
quarters. During Q2, we launched Brigade Insignia in Bangalore, which along with Brigade Icon 
in Chennai, is growing our presence in the Luxury Real Estate segment. 
 
In our Leasing business, we are almost leased out with 98% occupancy for our operating 
portfolio of 8.7 million square feet. The leasing momentum remains strong, particularly in the 
IT BFSI and Flexi Office Spaces. And our buildings continue to attract long-term tenants. 
 
The demand across retail spaces remains encouraging with a mix of lifestyle, entertainment and 
dining brands continuing to expand in our malls. Retail sales growth was positive despite softer 
performance in the multiplex segment. In addition, the leasing segment generated INR292 crores 
in revenue and INR209 crores in EBITDA, demonstrating the resilience of the Office segments 
despite macroeconomic challenges. Rental collections also remained stable, further highlighting 
the quality of our office assets. 
 
Brigade Hotel Ventures Limited, our wholly owned subsidiary, is proposing, subject to receipt 
of requisite approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public offering of 
its equity shares and has filed a draft red herring prospectus dated October 30, 2024, with the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India and the relevant stock exchanges. 

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
Please note this is also why there are some changes in our usual presentation format. We will 
eventually resume the old format. Looking ahead, we have a robust pipeline for FY '25 with new 
developments totaling 16 million square feet, a significant portion of which will be focused on 
residential projects. We remain confident that our diversified portfolio and strategic initiatives 
will continue to drive growth, value creation and long-term success for our stakeholders. 
 
With that, I'll now hand over to our CFO, Mr. Jayant Manmadkar, who will take you through 
the detailed financials for the quarter. 
Jayant Manmadkar: 
Thank you, and good afternoon. On behalf of the company, we would like to welcome you to 
the earnings call for Q2 FY 2025. Our MD already has shared operational highlights. I will be 
sharing key financial highlights for the quarter. 
 
To start with, the consolidated financial performance for Q2 FY '25. The consolidated revenue 
for Q2 FY '25 stood at INR1,138 crores versus INR1,408 crores for the same quarter last 
financial year. The consolidated EBITDA for quarter 2 FY '25 stood at INR358 crores versus 
INR366 crores in Q2 FY '24. EBITDA margin for Q2 FY '25 stood at 31%. 
 
Consolidated PAT was INR115 crores as compared to INR113 crores for the same quarter last 
financial year. Consolidated PAT after minority interest stood at INR119 crores compared to 
INR134 crores in Q2 FY '24. 
 
The Real Estate segment clocked a turnover of INR727 crores with an EBITDA of 15% during 
the quarter. The Leasing segment clocked a turnover of INR292 crores with an EBITDA of 72% 
during the quarter. Real Estate collections for quarter 2 FY '25 was INR1,454 crores versus 
INR992 crores in Q2 FY '24, an increase of 47%. We achieved highest ever quarterly collections 
of INR1,937 crores in Q2 FY '25 as against INR1,439 crores in Q2 FY '24, an increase of 35% 
on an overall basis. 
 
With respect to consolidated performance for H1 FY 2025. The consolidated revenue for H1 FY 
'25 stood at INR2,251 crores versus INR2,093 crores in the same half year ending last financial 
year, an increase of 8%. The Real Estate segment clocked a turnover of INR1,460 crores with 
an EBITDA of 14% in H1 FY '25 as against INR1,434 crores with an EBITDA of 11% in H1 
FY '24. 
 
The Leasing segment clocked a turnover of INR554 crores with an EBITDA of 74% in H1 FY 
'25 versus turnover of INR444 crores with an EBITDA of 74% in H1 FY '24. The consolidated 
EBITDA for H1 FY '25 stood INR686 crores versus INR572 crores in H1 FY '24, an increase 
of 20%. EBITDA margin stood at 30%. Real Estate collections increased by 39% to INR2,643 
crores in H1 FY '25 from INR1,908 crores in H1 FY '24. 
 
Overall, collections for H1 FY '25 was at INR3,544 crores versus INR2,683 crores in H1 FY 
'24, an increase of 32%. Net cash flow from operations stood at INR1,100 crores in H1 FY '25 
as compared to INR719 crores in H1 FY '24, an increase of 53%. 

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
Coming to the debt position and its breakup. Gross debt of the company stood at INR4,640 
crores as on September 30, 2024. The cash and cash equivalents stood at INR3,784 crores as on 
September 30, 2024, which includes INR1,356 crores out of QIP funds. 
 
Consequently, the company's net debt outstanding as of September 30, 2024, is INR857 crores. 
Net debt to equity ratio stood at 0.15. With the successful issue of QIP, which was 
oversubscribed by 10x, continued robust cash flow and available debt lines, the company has 
strong liquidity provision to meet with its expansion plans. 
 
I will hand it back to the moderator for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Parikshit from HDFC Securities. 
Parikshit: 
My first question is on the approvals in Karnataka. So we have been hearing in other calls also 
from your peers, there has been delays in getting the project approvals. So if you can update us? 
Pradyumna Krishna  
Kumar: 
Parikshit, Pradyumna here. I can't hear you too well. It's not too clear. 
Parikshit: 
Is it better now? 
Pradyumna Krishna  
Kumar:                                  Yes. Yes. Please go ahead. 
 
Parikshit: 
So, my question was on the approval process in Karnataka. There has been issues of late. I mean, 
we have been hearing even from your peers, other peers that there has been delay in getting 
approvals. So just wanted to understand your views on where we stand and how has the process 
improved now for the industry? 
Pradyumna Krishna  
Kumar::                              No, it's true, Parikshit. There have been some challenges on the approvals front. We ourselves 
were hoping to launch a little bit more than 2.6 million square feet in the previous quarter in Q2. 
However, having said that, we are now in the process of getting the last leg approvals out in Q3, 
maybe start of Q4. It is sort of getting better now as we speak, but there has been this challenge. 
 
And for that matter, I think it's not only restricted to Karnataka, Bangalore. We're seeing these 
challenges in both Hyderabad as well as in Chennai. While we're getting most of the approvals 
through, it's just that final leg of getting the plant sanctioned out and the RERA approval out is 
taking a little longer than usual or anticipated. 
Parikshit: 
Okay. But so when I look at your numbers, the demand is very strong, which is like in the 
presales of INR1,800 crores, which is much ahead of my estimate. So if you can help us 
understand how much was the contribution from the new launches? So which were so if you can 
highlight what were the new launches, what was the sales contribution from new launches, what 
was sustaining sales? And what is the pipeline for Q3? 

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Yes. Yes. So in Q2, we had just a very small proportion from completed, but about 47% to 50% 
from new launches ongoing. So when we define new launches, it's not just what got launched in 
this quarter of Q2, but basically in H1. 
 
So those projects that we launched, I think we launched about five or six projects. In Q2, we 
launched Brigade Insignia in Bangalore, which I mentioned earlier in the premium segment. 
Cobalt Block in Brigade El Dorado, and a smaller project called Nebula in Brigade WTC in 
Chennai. It's a very small project. 
But we have seen very good momentum coming from both Cobalt in Insignia as well as a 
previously launched block in El Dorado called Beryl also Valencia, the second block of Valencia 
in Bangalore. And of course, Icon in Chennai is doing well, although there, we are not really 
pursuing like a volume strategy. It's more about a super-premium project where it depends on 
realization. 
 
So across the board, I have to also say that the performance in the ongoing projects and already 
and under construction projects has been strong across the board as well. 
Parikshit: 
And Pavitra, on the pipeline for Q3, the launch pipeline for Q3, if you can? How much of million 
square feet are in terms of value, if you can help us understand your planning to bring to the 
market. 
Pavitra Shankar: 
So it's difficult to, again, because of approval timeframes, really for us to tell you exactly what 
will be launched in Q3. But in Q3, we are looking to launch in Hyderabad, potentially in Chennai 
in Q4, and a couple of projects in Bangalore as well. So it's a bit uncertain whether we would 
get these approvals in the next 6 weeks or so. 
 
But for sure, here a lot of the projects that we had envisioned for this financial year, we do intend 
to still have launched. So I think while there are delays on the approval side, we will still see the 
launches. It's a question of the time that we would have had to sell. But considering that the 
market is also still strong, I think we should still be able to perform quite well for the financial 
year. 
Parikshit: 
Okay. And just the last question on margins. So if you look at historical and then the sales which 
you're recognizing on the resi side right now and booking around 13% margins. But for the sales 
doing right now, so Q1 and Q2, so what kind of embedded margins do you believe these presales 
would be carrying on for Q1 or Q2? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Yes. So definitely, increase we are seeing in the EBITDA margins today. We are assuming costs 
also sort of hold up rates. So if we do that, then we should definitely see north of 28%, 29% in 
terms of EBITDA margin. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saksham from AMBIT Capital. 

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Saksham: 
I have two questions. First question is finally related to the commercial portfolio strategy. As 
noted, the commercial portfolio contributed around 6% of presales in the current quarter. With 
the company planning to add 3 million square feet for the commercial portfolio, what is the 
strategy moving forward? Will the new space will be leased out or will it be sold or a 
combination in between the two? 
And I'll go with the second question also. Can you provide more insights on the company's plan 
to expand its residential portfolio in Chennai market? Where do you see the company's market 
share in this segment over the next 3 to 5 years? These are the two questions from my end. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes, Nirupa here. See, basically, every time we take on a commercial project, it really depends. 
But overall, we expect projects of 5 million square feet in the commercial segment. And all of 
that is actually just for leasing. But sometimes in case there is a very good opportunity, we might 
consider a sale for that. But currently, we have about 2.5 million under construction, which is 
currently all slated for leasing. 
 
Right now, only for Brigade Twin Towers, one tower, 550,000 square feet is slated for sale. We 
are also looking at Padmini C block for sale. 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Yes. So your question on residential in Chennai. Yes, as you have seen and over the last couple 
of years, we've been expanding our presence in Chennai across all the segments. I wouldn't say 
it is only residential. But as of today, I would say our market share is not really among the top 
few in Chennai. Maybe we are within the top 3. 
But I think considering that we have another 12 million square feet of upcoming launches and 
pipeline for Chennai, we will certainly maintain that top 3 market share and continue to keep 
building on that. 
 
The focus for Chennai is, again, mid-segment, a couple of projects that are premium, similar to 
Brigade Icon as well. And all of our locations in Chennai are really top-class locations with high 
demand. So we're very confident of our Chennai growth. 
Moderator: 
The next follow-up question is from the line of Parikshit from HDFC Securities. 
Parikshit: 
So Pavitra, again, referring to my other earlier questions on. If the launch delays continues, if 
you're not able to bring these launches, do you think there's a possibility that H2 may actually 
see a decline in terms of presales? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Well, it's not H2, it will certainly be in Q1. So I would say we are sort of forced to look at this 
business on a quarterly basis. But I would say from a demand perspective and project 
profitability standpoint, we don't have any confirms on that front whatsoever. 

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 
We do expect a substantial portion of our H2 numbers to be coming from the new launches. So 
certainly, if there is any impact on that, then our H2 numbers will also be impacted. But as I 
mentioned earlier, we have a substantial amount of ongoing projects. 
In fact, we have around 4.7 million square feet of existing inventory before we launch anything 
in Q3 or Q4. So we will still look at trying to maximize our sales in our existing and ongoing 
projects. And in addition, trying to make the best of whatever time we have in the rest of H2 to 
drive sales from our upcoming launches. 
Parikshit: 
But you see a probability of like all these launches is bunching up in the Q4, Q3 maybe a slight 
kind of a miss if you are not able to get approvals? 
Pradyumna Krishna 
Kumar: 
Yes. That's the way we are looking at it for now. 
Parikshit: 
Okay. Q3 declined and then... 
Pavitra Shankar: 
It's not like we are not in the early stage of design approvals on any of these. But, these are just 
at the very final stages. So it's just a matter of getting the things out in hand. So we are not 
deliberating in terms of having any comments going back and forth on designs or whatever. It is 
just literally getting the approvals in hand so we can launch. 
Parikshit: 
The question is not on demand. The question here is that you're not able to bring the supply. So 
that's why Q3 could be, if things don't work out, could be a decline. Maybe out of the 3, 4 
quarters, worst could be 3, the third quarter and then you see a sharp uptake as launches happen 
in Q4? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
So there's absolutely no question on demand. I think demand is very strong. Like I said earlier, 
we need to see the launches come in to get the kind of numbers we would like to achieve for the 
second half. 
Parikshit: 
Okay. But as of now, you're maintaining the 15% to 20% kind of growth over the last year of 
INR6,000 crores of presales? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Providing we can launch, yes. 
Parikshit: 
Got it. Just another question on business development. So one is that, you had raised this money 
and one is that you already were doing. So what was the total business development, new 
business and new sales value added in H1 FY '25? And from the proceeds from the QIP, how 
are you looking to deploy it towards new land acquisitions? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
So on the QIP, we basically raised the funds for growth of the organization, focused a lot on the 
residential sector. In terms of business development, I think every year for the last few years, 
we've been adding about and doing about INR1,000 crores of business development activity. 

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
 
In the past, I think, 6 months, we've added around 5 million to 6 million square feet of product 
in terms of the business development activity and continue to see good opportunities, both for 
outright as well as joint development. We did raise the fund so that we would be ready for more 
outright and larger projects on the JV basis as well. 
Parikshit: 
So this fund QIP proceed will also part of that will go towards the hospitality or no hospitality 
will rely in the money, then should, the CapEx will be funded from the proceeds of the IPO. So 
how will you allocate this money? Are this largely be resi, and commercial and then hospitality, 
like it's on its own gets money from the IPO proceeds? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Yes. So we raised the funds in BEL for the QIP predominantly for the residential business. Since 
we have filed the DRHP for hospitality, we won't be making too many comments on that. 
Parikshit: 
But, largely this is for resi businesses QIP? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Not so. As I mentioned earlier, it is for the residential business. So it is not for hospitality. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parvez Qazi from Nuvama Group. 
Parvez Qazi: 
Congratulations for a great performance. So my first question is regarding the upcoming 
launches. Our share of launches on the resi side over the next year is about 10.5 million square 
feet. So fair to say this would have a GD of some  GDV of somewhere between INR10,000 
crores to INR12,000 crores? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Yes. Yes. 
Parvez Qazi: 
And the 3 million square feet upcoming commercial projects, these will be largely on the lease 
model? Or can we look at a sale model going ahead also? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Currently, these are all for leasing. 
Parvez Qazi: 
And these will be largely in Bangalore? Or you will have some portion coming up in the 
integrated projects in Hyderabad also? Will that also form a part of the 3 million square feet? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
No. So the commercial part in Hyderabad has not yet been launched. In the ongoing projects 
that we've mentioned in our deck, everything is in Bangalore, except for Brigade Square, which 
is in Trivandrum and Brigade Tech Boulevard, which is in Chennai. 
Pradyumna Krishna  
Kumar: 
And just to add to what Nirupa was mentioning, the Hyderabad one, we still haven't concerned 
as part of our future launches. 
Parvez Qazi: 
Sure. The other is a data question for Jayant, sir. Sir, what were the BTG and the WTC rentals 
in Q2? 

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Pradyumna Krishna 
Kumar: 
Sorry, could you just repeat that again? 
Parvez Qazi: 
What was the rental contribution of BTG and WTC in Q2? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
WTC was about INR50 crores in Q2 FY '25, and BTG was about INR63 crores in Q2 '25. 
Moderator: 
The next follow-up question is from the line of Parvez Qazi from Nuvama Group. 
Parvez Qazi: 
So this is with regards to the potential usage of the QIP proceeds considering that we already 
have a substantial pipeline in Chennai. Would it be fair to assume that bulk of these QIP proceeds 
will be used for business development in Bangalore and Hyderabad? Or are we open to looking 
at any new city also? 
Pradyumna Krishna  
Kumar: 
So it will be for Bangalore, Chennai and Hyderabad, all three cities. Chennai is also part of the 
plans for as far as the QIP proceeds go. But having said that, it's only limited to these three cities. 
We are not looking at any other geography at this point in time. 
Parvez Qazi: 
Sure. And any update on the Kokapet project? By when can we have some clarity on that? 
Pradyumna Krishna 
Kumar: 
Yes, the target continues to be Q3 to launch Brigade Neopolis. We will be tentatively calling it 
Brigade Gateway Hyderabad for now, because it is a mixed-use development along the lines of 
Brigade Gateway Bangalore. And like I said, we are targeting to launch it in Q3. 
Pavitra Shankar: 
So on that project, we will be launching residential first. So that's also why we have mentioned 
that the commercial will not be part of our upcoming pipeline. So we plan to launch residential 
and then we eventually launch the commercial block. 
Parvez Qazi: 
Sure. And lastly, what would have been the share of Bangalore in the Q2 presales? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
About 90%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prem Khurana from Anand Rathi. 
Prem Khurana: 
Congratulations on very good set of numbers. So my question was with respect to our residential 
real estate vertical. So what I observed from the data that are given in the presentation is, I mean, 
we generally used to be around INR6,000, INR6,500 of number in terms of weighted average 
realization until some time back. And we've gradually moved to almost around INR10,000 a 
square feet sort of number. And even in the launch pipeline, I mean, the way you're guiding in 
terms of GDV potential seems that it's mostly INR10,000, INR12,000 a square feet sort of 
number. 

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
 
So is it that the shift that we've seen from INR6,500 to INR10,000 would be, because of the 
organic price appreciation that we would have experienced in the market? And  how much of 
this would be essentially because of the changed of product? And is it, I mean, fair to assume 
that, I mean, we moved up, I mean, in terms of the product that we offer now compared to and 
what we used to offer, let's say, 3, 4 years back? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Yes. So if you look at the quarterly APR trend over the last couple of years, as you mentioned, 
it used to be around INR6,000. Even as recently, I'd say, just 5 quarters ago, it was more like 
INR7,000. In terms of the like-to-like price change, it moved from about INR7,000 to around 
INR9,000, INR9,500. So the typical mid-segment or slightly upper mid-segment to sell is around 
an average of INR9,000, INR9,500. Again, that can change depending on which submarket 
you're looking at. 
 
But in terms of the product itself, product change moving into more premium and luxury 
category projects, I think that is where we are seeing the shift go beyond and upwards of 
INR10,000 on an average. So Brigade Icon, where the average price per square foot is 
INR10,000 that is going to contribute, some of the Insignia is also north of INR12,000. 
So that's all causing the average to increase much of about INR10,000. And I think it's also a 
contribution of which are the projects that are selling and which ones get launched. So I think in 
the next few quarters, we should still see average price realizations above INR10,000 or so. 
Prem Khurana: 
Sure. And any thoughts on, would you want to kind of go even more premium, I mean, let's say, 
even beyond Icon, which is where I mean, you will all still get to have some more movement in 
the average realization? And generally, I mean, what we get to have from the market essentially 
people are saying that it's difficult to be able to find quality contract. 
Is it a conscious decision on our part to kind of balance between volumes and value, you don't 
intend to take up more volumes. I mean, part of the growth also needs to come from value, which 
is where you will be able to kind of optimize construction even if there is, let's say, some dearth 
of contractors in the market? 
 
Or I mean, how should we see it? I mean, when you say 15%, 20% sort of growth, is it -- would 
it be a function of more volumes than value or more value than volumes? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
So I would say that, see, we want to play across all segments in the residential space. We'll go 
where the opportunity is presenting itself. If in future, there was affordable housing, we would 
look at that, too, if there was opportunity there. But currently, there is a lot of demand in terms 
of premiumization of consumer demand itself, whether real estate or any sector. So that's why 
we are capitalizing on this trend. We are open to any kind of opportunities, including higher 
priced products than, say, a Brigade Icon in Chennai. 

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
 
We just need to find the right land parcel and put the right product in that situation. But we do 
see the maximum amount of demand coming from mid-segment, whether that's just starting to 
skew towards upper mid segment as we're seeing today, then  some  focus that we have. 
 
But I want to reiterate that we are not sort of boxing ourselves into one product or the other. In 
residential, we're open to opportunities across the space. And I think that's the best approach for 
us as we're already looking only at three markets: in Bangalore, Chennai and Hyderabad, we'd 
like to play across the entire residential spectrum. 
Prem Khurana: 
Sure. And on the Twin Towers, because I mean, you're almost there. There's hardly any CapEx 
left. I mean, any thoughts on the way the demand is, the inquiries or LOIs. I mean, if you could 
share your thoughts on have we started engaging with the clients for the area that we intend to 
kind of lease out? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes. So I think that's a relatively new market for office. We are one of the first projects there to 
get OC. The Tower B is one which we have included under the Real Estate segment, because 
we've kept it for sale. We've seen very good traction from an end-user customer in the local 
domestic market, and a lot of the people using the space are from our domestic companies 
wanting to upgrade their office spaces. 
 
So we're getting a very healthy rate of about higher than INR 10,000 square foot, which is good 
for that market. So have put Tower B kept for sale because of the demand for it. and Tower A, 
we have kept aside for leasing. So we plan to finish one tower before we move on to the next. 
But if the demand for purchase and owned offices continue, at the right time, might consider 
even putting Tower A under the sales part of it. 
Prem Khurana: 
Sure. And just one last. Yes, so just one last if I may, please. On the CapEx side, I think the 
slides suggests, I mean, we still have around INR700 crores, INR800 crores to grow on CapEx, 
the balance amount, which is yet to be kind of spend from our side. And the launch pipeline 
gives us a number of almost around 3 million square feet that you intend to launch. I mean, let's 
say around INR1,500-odd crores with incremental CapEx. 
 
And given the fact we still have some more CapEx to go, so fair to assume this three would be 
spread out, we won't get to have this entire thing come through in this year itself, which is where 
suddenly the CapEx pipeline would go up from INR700 crores to INR2,200 odd crores sort of 
number. Would you want to phase this out or? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes, the CapEx is typically phased over 3 to 4 years. Whatever as mentioned, especially in the 
upcoming launches, that will be phased out over 3 to 4 years, over the course of the development 
of the project. 
Prem Khurana: 
Okay. Sure. So if you get to have a permission, this entire 3 million square feet could come to 
the market and you would start construction on the entire 3 million square feet itself? 

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Pradyumna Krishna 
Kumar: 
Yes, yes, that's the intent. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Khanna from Kotak Securities. 
Abhishek Khanna: 
I wanted to check what is the share of your attributable presales in Q2? I think you not shared 
that number in the presentation. So what is that number out of INR1,820 crores? 
Pradyumna Krishna  
Kumar: 
 Can you just repeat that? 
Abhishek Khanna: 
I'm asking what is the share of your attributable presales in Q2 of the INR1,820 crores that you've 
done, what is your attributable share? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Okay. Sorry, I didn't fully get your question. But about INR1,800 crores in presales, about 75% 
to 80% of that would be Brigade share. 
Abhishek Khanna: 
Sure. Second, on the commercial portfolio, your earnings, of course, have improved significantly 
in the last 3, 4 quarters. One thing that I wanted to check, when you say 95% is the occupancy, 
I would assume you're referring to the committed occupancy, right? What would the actual 
occupancy be like? And when we're speaking of these INR2.9 billion of rentals that you got in 
Q2, is almost all of that coming in on the 95% of the portfolio? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
So the occupancy that we are referring to is the current operating portfolio. It doesn't include 
some of the projects like Twin Towers and Padmini, which have not yet been capitalized. 
Abhishek Khanna: 
So all 95% of this is giving you rentals as of Q2? Or do you expect this INR2.9 billion to pick 
up further? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
No, no, that's right. It's the same thing. So are you saying, is the full potential achieved? Is that 
what you're saying? 
Abhishek Khanna: 
Yes. Have you started getting rentals for all 95% of the occupied area or the rentals are yet to 
commence for some of them? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes. We are getting rental for all 95% of it. 
Abhishek Khanna: 
Perfect. And the last one. When you've referred to delays in getting approvals, is it primarily 
pertaining to the general elections? Or was there something else also that was happening in any 
of the cities or locations that you're present in? 
Pradyumna Krishna  
Kumar: 
It's a combination. Elections has played a part, whether it's the state elections in some of these 
states or whether it's the central election. There have also been changes in resources, changes in 

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
committees, etc, that have taken time to be sort of reinstated. So all of that we are hoping is now 
past us and that we will see more approvals come through in the course of the next 2 to 3 months. 
Abhishek Khanna: 
Okay. So it was all largely election-related state or general, which you think is largely behind 
you. 
Pradyumna Krishna 
Kumar: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Biplab Debbarma from Antique Stockbroking. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
My first question is on the Chennai market. So I'm seeing a lot of traction in Chennai market. 
Are you gaining market share in Chennai? Or is the Chennai market itself is growing? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
So I would say it's both. The Chennai market, I think, has long been overlooked. Starting from 
even pre-COVID, both our projects, World Trade Center Chennai, the Residences at World 
Trade Center Chennai as well as Brigade Xanadu have really started to do extremely well. And 
that's also why we started focusing on residential there a little bit more. So market overall has 
increased absorption, but also Brigade has been able to identify good land parcels, and we expect 
good absorption of our launches as they come up in the next couple of quarters. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Okay. That's great. And just wondering in terms of demand in Bangalore. So of the projects that 
you launched in Bangalore in first half of FY '25, what percentage has been sold so far, ballpark 
number? Just trying to understand. For example, 50%, 60% has been sold till date or lesser than 
that. Just trying to understand whether the demand if we compare to, say, FY '24 is the same or 
not? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Yes. So it is, we are not seeing any demand-related issues. We've launched very different types 
of projects in the first half of the year, especially in Bangalore. We did launch Brigade Insignia, 
which is a little more premium. So there, we have sold about 30%, 35% of the project already 
since it launched in the first half of the year. 
 
The other projects that have launched have all been sort of mid segment also. So there also, we're 
seeing good traction. Considering it's only been 6 to 7 months, we've sold around 40% to 50% 
of the inventory. So we're quite happy with the progress, and we expect demand to continue to 
be strong even with the upcoming launches. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
And my third and final questions, basically, assuming that approvals are not an issue. Let's be 
optimistic. And so if that is the case, there is no challenges in getting approvals. I'm just trying 
to understand what would be the four, five key projects there in the pipeline in the second half? 
Like one that you mentioned in Hyderabad and Chennai and a couple of projects in Bangalore. 
Just if you could give us a breakdown of four, five projects, key projects and their GDV, launch 
GDV in the second half of FY '25? 

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Pavitra Shankar: 
See, we have around 3 million square feet of launches for Chennai, so a few quarters. There, 
that's about 3 million square feet, I would say the GDV there would be around INR3,000 crores, 
assume an approximate pricing of INR10,000 or so, maybe that's a little more. 
 
For Hyderabad, we have a 2 million square feet project launching. There, I would expect the 
GDV to be around INR2,400 crores there. So, we have around, say, 2 million to 2.5 million 
square feet of projects, which, again, I would value at around INR10,000 a square foot for 
Bangalore as well. 
 
So in that sense, these are the approximate numbers that could be coming up, but we don't 
necessarily want to mention project name. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Okay. That's fine. So 3 million square feet we expect in second half in Chennai, we expect in 
second half of FY '25? Or this would be over the period of, say, second half of FY '25 and FY 
'26 kind of? 
Pradyumna Krishna 
Kumar: 
Yes, in the next, say, in a matter of 3 quarters, may not be necessarily 2 quarters, or say 3 
quarters, yes. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Ms. Nirupa Shankar, Joint Managing Director, for closing comments. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Good evening, everyone. Before we close, I just wanted to make 1 clarification to Abhishek's 
question from Kotak Securities. I think the hard option that we have has not yet started yielding 
rental at Brigade Tech Gardens. So that should yield about another INR40 crores to INR50 crores 
per annum in terms of the rental. 
 
Okay. So in terms of the closing remarks, I'd like to share a couple of other highlights that are 
non-financial in nature. The 108 beds St. John's Medical College Hospital at Brigade Meadows, 
a unique collaboration between Brigade Foundation, which is Brigade Group's not for profit 
trust, St. John's National Academy for Health Sciences, opened its doors on November 5. 
This hospital is designed to provide affordable, accessible and quality health care to the to the 
people of South Bangalore. Furthermore, we will be starting construction of another hospital 
which will be in operation with St. John's in our 50-acre township, Brigade El Dorado. 
 
We recently also laid the foundation stone for a memorial dedicated to the enduring legacy of 
Mahatma Gandhi in Chikmagalur. The World Trade Center Chennai is now a premier accredited 
member of the World Trade Centers Association in New York with the highest level of 
certification from WTCA for a World Trade Center. 

 
 
Brigade Enterprises Limited
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
 
WTC Bangalore is also a premier accredited member since 2023. Out of 320 World Trade 
Centers globally, only 17 have attained this premier accredited status so far, and this includes 
our two World Trade Centers. 
 
Some of the other accolades and awards received over the last few months. Brigade Enterprises 
Limited has been recognized among India's Top 50 Best Workplaces for Millennials in 2024. 
Our Chairman, Mr. Jaishankar, was honored with the Lifetime Achievement Award by CNBC 
Awaaz Real Estate Awards. Additionally, he was also honored with the Real Estate Visionary 
of the Decade Award by HURUN INDIA and GROHE. 
 
Happy to add that Pavitra and I have been recognized by Business Today as the most powerful 
women in business 2024. Our projects, Brigade Trade Center Kochi won Sustainability Award 
at the Society of Energy Engineers & Managers, SEEM, 2023. We also received two awards at 
the fourth edition of the Sustainability Summit and Awards 2024 for Best Sustainable Initiative 
of the Year. And Brigade Cornerstone Utopia won Residential Project of the Year at the GRI 
Awards 2024. 
 
On that note, we would like to conclude this quarter's earnings call. Thank you all for joining 
and taking time to hear from us today. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Brigade Enterprises Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
********************************************** 
