Ref No: 73/2024-25 
 
Dated: 17th October, 2024 
 
  To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051. Tel No.: 2659 8235 
Fax No.: 26598237/ 26598238 
Trading Symbol: ANANDRATHI 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
Tel no.: 22721233 
Fax No.: 22723719/ 22723121/ 22722037 
Scrip Code: 543415 
 
Subject: Q2 & H1 FY2025 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
We are enclosing herewith copy of the transcript of the Company’s Q2 & H1 FY2025 
earnings conference call dated 11th October, 2024. The transcript is also available on 
the Company’s website at https://www.anandrathiwealth.in/financial.php . 
  
This is for your information and record.   
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
          For Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
 
Rajesh Bhutara 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
  Enclosed: as above 
 
 
ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 
ANAND RATHI WEALTH LIMITED 
(Formerly known as ·Anand Rathi Wealth Services Limited) 
P,ivale Weallh. uncomplicated 
AMFI-Registered Mutual Fund Distributor 
GIN No.: L67120MH1995PLC086696 
Registered Office: Floor No. 10, A Wing, Express Zone, Western Express Highway. Goregaon (E). Mumbai - 400 063 
Board Line No.: 022 6281 7000 I Website: anandrathiwealth.in 
Corporate Office : Floor No. 2 & 3, Block B & C, E Wing, Trade Link, Kamala Mills Compound, Senapati Bapat Marg, 
Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013 I Board Line No.: 022 69815400/69815401 I Website: anandrathiwealth.in 
RAJESH 
KUMAR 
BHUTARA
Digitally signed by 
RAJESH KUMAR 
BHUTARA 
Date: 2024.10.17 
18:13:57 +05'30'

 
 
 
“Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 11, 2024 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on October 11, 2024 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
 
1. MR. FEROZE AZEEZ – DEPUTY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
2. MR. JUGAL MANTRI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
3. MR. RAJESH BHUTARA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
4. MR. VISHAL SANGHAVI – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Company Limited 
 
 
October 11, 2024 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Anand Rathi Wealth Limited Earnings 
Conference Call for Q2 and H1 FY25. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Feroze Azeez, Deputy CEO of Anand Rathi Wealth 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Feroze. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Good afternoon. Thank you, Sejal, for giving me the opportunity to talk to the audience. Good 
afternoon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us for the Earnings Conference Call for the 
quarter and half year ended 30th September 2024. With me, I have our Group CFO, Mr. Jugal 
Mantri, our CFO; Mr. Rajesh Bhutara; and our Head of Investor Relations, Mr. Vishal Sanghavi. 
 
In H1 FY25, our consolidated total revenues grew by about 35% year-on-year, to about INR 495 
crores and profit after tax grew 35% to INR 150 crores. We have revised our revenue guidance 
to INR 980 crores from INR 910 crores, and we have revised our PAT guidance from INR 280 
crores to INR 295 crores. The mutual fund revenue registered a stronger growth of about 70% 
year-on-year to INR 195 crores of the INR 495 crores in H1 FY25. Total AUM grew by about 
57% year-on-year to reaching about INR 75,084 crores. And since our guidance was INR 72,000 
crores for the full year, and we have crossed that number. So, we are giving a new guidance of 
about INR 80,000 crores with God's grace. 
 
During H1FY25  our total net flows registered a remarkable year-on-year growth of about 128%, 
reaching INR 5,700 crores for a 6-month period. Equity mutual fund net inflows achieved a 
year-on-year growth of about 64% to INR 3,116 crores. Share of equity mutual funds in the 
AUM increased to 55% from 50% at the same time last year. 
Return on equity on an annualized basis stood at about 44.4% for the first half year of FY25. In 
alignment with our policy, rewarding shareholders, we have declared an interim dividend of 
about INR 7 per equity share for FY25. 
 
Now in our flagship private wealth business in the first half of FY25, we have added 1,066 new 
client families on net basis, bringing our total number of clients to of 10,977. Our client-centric 
approach has resulted in 0.28% client attrition rate for the first 6 months of this year. We have 
added 63 new relationship managers over the past 12 months from September last year, bringing 
the total count to 374. We have an immense pride in achieving zero regret RM attrition for the 
fifth consecutive quarter, which is about 15 months period, no regret RM attrition. Regret RM 
by which I mean any RM which has crossed INR40 crores of AUM has not left up in about a 15 
month period.  
Digital wealth businesses, which is a B2B2C business registered a growth of about 32% year-
on-year in AUM and to reached INR 1,826 crores. The number of clients increased 22% to 5,454. 
The OFA business, which is an abbreviation to Omni Financial Advisor which is a SaaS platform 
has 6,188 subscribers with platform assets of about INR 1.55 lakh crores at the end of H1 FY25. 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Company Limited 
 
 
October 11, 2024 
 
 
The mean of the year-on-year growth - very distinguished the data, the little differentiated data, 
so I want your attention. For the last 10 quarters, our profits have grown on a year-on-year basis 
the mean growth has been 33.9%. The median growth is 34.2%. The standard deviation of these 
10 quarters, quarterly growth year-on-year is 4.5%. Our performance has been consistent and 
also market agnostic is the belief we have. How do we check market agnostic. If you look at the 
worst NIFTY performance after we have got listed was in the quarter 1 of FY23, where the 
NIFTY fell about 9.6%, which was April to June 2022. Our profit in that quarter on a year-on-
year basis grew almost to the mean, which is 33.6%. 
 
Now I will hand over the call to Mr. Jugal Mantri to take us through the financial performance 
of the company in more detail. Jugal, sir, over to you. 
Jugal Mantri: 
Thank you, Feroze bhai. Thanks, Sejal. First, let me speak about Q2 FY 25 consolidated financial 
performance. Our consolidated total revenue for the Q2 FY 25 stood at INR 250 crores compared 
to INR 189 crores in Q2 FY24, registering a 32% year-on-year growth. Trail revenue was INR 
106 crores registered a strong Y-o-Y growth of 69% from INR 62 crores in last year same 
quarter. Our profit after tax stood at INR 76 crores registering a 32% Y-o-Y growth compared 
to INR 58 crores in Q2 FY24. Profit after tax margin for Q2 FY25 was at 30.6% as compared to 
30.5% for Q2 FY24, which was slightly better. 
 
Now I will take you all through first half of FY25 financial result. The revenue for first half 
FY25 stood at INR 495 crores compared to INR 368 crores in H1 FY24, registering a 35% 
healthy year-on-year growth. Trail revenue was at INR 195 crores, witnessing a strong growth 
of 70% year-on-year. Profit after tax also grew by 35% year-on-year to INR 150 crores for H1 
FY25 compared to INR 111 crores for H1 FY24, and profit after tax margin was 30.2% for H1 
FY25. 
 
So, this is all on the financial numbers. Over to you, Mr. Vishal or Sejal. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Sanidhya from Unicorn Asset. Please go ahead. 
Sanidhya: 
Hi, good afternoon. Good set of numbers. My first question is, can you explain the different 
what are the yields on different product segments, like equity MF, debt MF, NSP and others? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Sorry, your voice was a little muffled. Go again. I am so sorry. 
Sanidhya: 
Okay. So could you explain on the yields of different products like equity MF, debt MF, NSP 
and others for us? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Sure. The yields are on equity mutual funds about 1.08% or 1.09% post GST. On a yield basis, 
yields are always computed per annum. So if you look at the yields of all the mature structured 
products, which is greater than 1,500 over the last 12 years, the yield has been 1.17% calculated 
per annum on average assets, on structured products and then coming to debt MF, debt MF is 
about 0.43 post GST is the yield on the debt. 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Company Limited 
 
 
October 11, 2024 
 
 
Sanidhya: 
Okay. And what's the part that others include? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Others is practically raw material because we believe in these three instruments, largely equity 
mutual funds and structures, which is what intergenerational wealth is all about, debt is also in 
a smaller portion. Others are in custody now, as raw material for its alignment over a period of 
six months or one year. So others is something which we don't track the yield because that's not 
what we recommend, but those are broker code transfers of PMS and all products which are in 
pipeline to get aligned into the three products which I stated. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus Securities. 
Lalit Deo: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. So sir, first question was broadly on the industry 
front. Like we have been hearing that a large AMC has tried to cut the distributor payouts on the 
back book of AUM. So have you received any such kind of intimation? And just a follow up on 
this, like in such cases, like how should we see to it that our yields remain constant in this 
scenario? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes, some AMCs might have tried to reduce the yields of the distributor where the TERs have 
come down because of mark-to-market. But since we are the only wealth management outfit in 
the country, for sure, which uses only equity mutual funds or long-only position, we have not 
sold PMS. We have not sold direct equity. We have not sold AIF long only. We stand apart in 
terms of only using mutual fund platform for long-only positions because we think that's far 
better Sharpe ratios than most other equity participation vehicles. So our bargaining power is 
significantly more because we have only one platform. And I think that's the reason why you 
would not see a dip, and that's why you see a 70% increase in trail in-spite of this pressure, which 
does not impact us as much or not at all. 
Lalit Deo: 
And secondly, sir, just like -- so while the net flows in the equity mutual fund have remained 
steady, but it has declined on a sequential basis, whereas on the -- in the industry front, like if 
we look at the equity flows in the equity mutual fund, so they have remained elevated, they have 
increased also like on a sequential basis. So like anything to look into it, like why has been there 
a decline in the net flows on a Q-on-Q basis, I would say. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Absolutely. Very good question, Lalit sahib. But now that we've been listed for about 12 
quarters, I'm trying to reiterate how you should look at our business, whoever wishes to keenly 
look at our business and seriously wants to understand this business, which I'm sure you do Lalit 
bhai. See, this business is about 1,977 portfolios. The clients' objective risk reward and whatever 
is the allocation is a culmination of an allocation, which is bottom up rather than topped down. 
What do I mean by that is if my total net sale is INR5,700 crores for the first half year, if markets 
run up, I am duty bound to realign once portfolio towards structured products or vice versa, 
depending on which asset has a larger mark-to-market. For example, if you have 1st April 2023, 
if you look at our results, the structured product proportions were 29%, if I'm not wrong. Now 
it might be 23% or 24%. Vishal ji, give me the correct number, proportionate? 
Feroze Azeez: 
24.66%, Lalit sahib. Now what happens is, why is this proportion come down because there is 
more mark-to-market in equity mutual funds because our model portfolios outperformed Nifty 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Company Limited 
 
 
October 11, 2024 
 
 
by 16.88% last year. And it has outperformed as of yesterday by 66.09% on Nifty (though it was 
mistakenly spoken as 66.09% but as mentioned later in the document alpha over Nifty in current 
financial year till date is 7.34%). So when I reallocate money from equity mutual funds to 
structured product for a client who had agreed to have 65-35, it might have changes in the 
allocation from a sequential quarter-on-quarter basis. So having said this, to answer your pointed 
question, what does this imply? This implies that there is some degree of realignment happening 
because of higher mark-to-market. So  if you look at my net sales, which is what we were 
aspiring to have INR1,000 crores per month, did we get there? The answer is no. We got 
somewhere close to that 5,700. Ideally, I would like to see this at INR 6,000 crores. Does it 
answer, Lalit bhai? 
Lalit Deo: 
Yes. But that would be on the overall front. I was more talking about from the equity segment 
itself like equity mutual fund scheme itself. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Let me further elaborate for 30 more seconds. Now if I am at 24.66% of structured product, if 
the agreed allocation is 29% before the mark-to-market that implies that 4% to 5% needs to 
move back to structured product, right, if I have to restore the allocation of 1st April 2023 with 
a specific client. So it might mean that I might sell some mutual funds and buy structured 
products or vice versa depending on the mark-to-market is what I was trying to help you 
understand, and you should look at the overall asset perspective because it is bottom-up rather 
than top-down. I don't sell mutual funds thinking we have to sell so many. I don't sell structured 
products thinking we have to sell so many. You're creating the portfolio and allocations are an 
outcome rather than an input. 
Lalit Deo: 
Right. And sir, just last one data keeping question. Like in this quarter, what has been our 
primary and secondary issue on the structured product side? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Jugal sir, would you want to take that? Jugal sir, are you there or should I? This is for primary, 
right? INR 3,283 crore is primary for six months full period and secondary INR 958 crore. 
Lalit Deo: 
Sure, sir. And sorry, just last question, has there been any change like post the taxation rate 
change, what is the current tax rate which is there under MLDs? 
Feroze Azeez: 
The tax rate change does not impact by structured product business because the Sharpe ratio of 
the structured product is 1.93, okay. Out of the 16 products, which are there in wealth 
management. There are about 15,000 plus ISINs, which a client can cut a check too. If you look 
at arranging them in the descending order of sharpe ratios post tax or pre-tax, you will see 
structured products right on top, the ones which we made. So 1.93 is the sharpe ratio of structured 
products. The next best is mutual funds 0.78, PMS are at 0.3 or 0.4. So does it change our product 
allocation? The answer is no.  
Second is that if you look at taxation, taxation is always at file level. And the great part of Section 
50A is that it counts all the gains as short-term capital gains. And short-term capital gain gives 
you the provision to use Section 70 to Section 74 for any set offs which an equity loss can throw 
up. So having said which, the average taxation at a family level, which we believe is about 19% 
- 20% for the maturity, which have happened after the tax change. 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Company Limited 
 
 
October 11, 2024 
 
 
Lalit Deo: 
Okay. But in general, like if you talk about only the structured products, then I was just trying 
to refer… 
Feroze Azeez: 
No problem. Okay. Now let me elaborate further. Unfortunately, I am trying to compress an 
answer, which is an hour discussion with the client to about 30 - 50 seconds. But yes, having 
said which, with that limitation, let me give you one more data point. In India's new tax regime, 
even if you earn INR50 lakhs, the tax rate is 24% on a graded fashion if we put it on an excel 
sheet. 
 
So if there is a gain of INR 50 lakhs, as per the new tax slabs, if I don't take any provisions of 
those section 80Cs and those small provisions of Section 80DD. If you put on a weighted average 
basis, even if there is a INR 50 lakh gain, INR 49 lakh gain, the weighted average tax was up to 
24% and not 35%. And in a family of 5, you would always have a file, which is a major file, 
which does not have a clubbing provision under the Section 65. 
 
So it's a longer story, Lalit. So as a stand-alone also, it's not something which can be at a product 
level. It’s at a file level, including all provisions and family. That's the point I'm trying to make. 
I can take this one-on-one in a meeting or something like that and help you understand what the 
Section 65 say, what does Section 94 subsection 8 say, what does section 70 to 74 say, Section 
112 say and 111 say. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krishna from ULK. Please go ahead.  
Krishna: 
Great to see that the numbers are spiking year-on-year. My question is not so much around the 
numbers, but it is around people management, if I may say. I do see that for the last 5 to 6 
quarters, there's been zero attrition in your organization. I don't think this is very intriguing for 
me to begin with. So because when my relationship manager calls me from my bank by the time 
I add him to my contacts, he has already switched shops. So I don't know whether this is business 
as usual in Anand Rathi, but this -- I find this to be a little fascinating. So I would appreciate if 
you could give me some insights there? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Sure, Mr. Krishna. Point 1, yes, but I would want to clarify, it's not zero attrition at a company 
level, we have 1,157 total colleagues at current point in time. The regret RM attrition is zero for 
15 consecutive months. That's point 1. Point 2, we basically believe that RM is the easiest to 
retain. Because it is  unless you do something wrong, RM does not need to start his life back 
from zero in a new platform.  And be about 10 - 12 years back, Rakesh sir, I and some of our 
colleagues had discussed why we quit the previous company. And then we realize there are about 
5 - 6 reasons why a person needs to change the job. Now this is my third job, unfortunately. My 
first job was ABN AMRO, spent 7 years and there was a reason why I left ABN AMRO because 
they told me to sell insurance and I was not okay with it. So if you can make sure that those 5- 
6 items are not done in a company, then people don't leave is our belief and that's the hypothesis, 
which is proof point 1. Because an RM needs to convince 50 clients, 30 clients to come along, 
which is a tough task, especially if you look at our client portfolio, the Sharpe ratios for the last 
10 years of my 297 largest client is greater than the best Sharpe ratio of another competitor. 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Company Limited 
 
 
October 11, 2024 
 
 
 
Okay, mathematically provable. So Krishna sir what I am trying to say is this was RM regret 
attrition is zero, point 1. Point 2, RM find it very difficult to restart life. Unless the organization 
is being very unfair, there is no reason why Feroze as an RM should go to a new platform and 
re-build life from zero. And we just have identified those 5 things, which industry does wrongly. 
And that we don't do. That's about it. We don't do anything extra. We don't do contest. We don't 
give RMs more than what is said. We don't give them less than what is said. We give them 
exactly the same formula from 2007 when Rakesh sir set up the bonus formula or the 
remuneration formula that's remained constant for 18 years - 17 years, which has not happened 
in the industry. So that's one of the key reasons stability of remuneration is one of the 5 - 6 
reasons. This is the way it is. And we want to be the Finland of the corporate world, which is the 
happiest country as they claim. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Samyak Shah from Sameeksha Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
Samyak Shah: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I just want to know about Alpha Generated on our 
model MF portfolio. So can you just throw some light on that? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes. Alpha Generated on model portfolio. We like to compare ourselves to Nifty because that's 
the most familiar benchmark. If you look at Nifty, of course, some people might debate why not 
NSE 500, why not Nifty Smallcap 250. But Nifty 50 is what the Tier 2 benchmark most fund 
managers in India have chosen, and that's our benchmark as well. Then given the choice, most 
fund managers is actually chosen Nifty 50 surprisingly, even Smallcap fund managers have 
chosen Nifty 50 as the Tier 2 benchmark, Tier 1 is mandatory by SEBI. 
 
Coming back to now the Alpha, first, I gave you some color on the benchmark because the 
benchmark has to be something which is familiar NSE 500, my clients don't even know the 
levels of it. Coming to Nifty last year, I think 16.88% like I said, with the Alpha on Nifty of our 
model portfolio. We went Smallcap heavy. We were zero Smallcap schemes in December, in 
March 2020 to 2023. 1st  first April 2023, we were suddenly 3 Smallcap funds. So we were zero 
Smallcap for 4 years with whatever God’s grace and some degree of mathematics. 
 
We have decided that we will be out of Smallcap just before or no, just after the ILFS crisis in 
September 2018. So we stayed without any Smallcap for four years. Then we went straight to 3 
Smallcap schemes. Now we have 2 Smallcap schemes, and that really resulted that whole 
broader market call with God’s grace went, right? And that gave us some serious Alpha last 
year. And then this year, of course, the liquidity in the Smallcap space continues. 
 
And we track that on a daily basis and that's why there's a broader market badly continuing 
unlike most of these several institutions believing that it's broad-based rally is overdone till the 
liquidity tight turns, we believe that there is some more juice left. And so the Alpha this year, if 
I have to tell you the precise number, I tell you as of yesterday bear with me for a minute from 
here. I'll tell you precisely as of yesterday. It is 7.3%. 
Samyak Shah: 
Okay, till date. 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Company Limited 
 
 
October 11, 2024 
 
 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes. It is 7.34 till date for this financial year. 
Samyak Shah: 
Okay decent. And my other question is like we have seen increase in finance cost this quarter. 
So is it like a one-off, item on account of buyback or anything else? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes. Jugal, sir, best equipped to answer this. 
Jugal Mantri: 
So actually see, if you recall that we have done the buyback, and the treasury got deployed. So 
now whatever this finance cost is there, it is -- there is no borrowing we have. In fact, we have 
got the other income and the fixed deposits are placed. So as whenever there is a treasury 
requirement, there is an overdraft on the FD line. So it is FD/OD used. And the cost is largely 
on account of that. We don't have any borrowing in the company, it is a debt-free company. 
Samyak Shah: 
Thank you 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aman Singh from Profit Gate Capital Services. 
Aman Singh: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, I wanted to 
understand, as you rightly highlighted, Y-o-Y decline on equity net inflows for the quarter 2 is 
due to the realignment of portfolio towards structured products. So, can you give us the gross 
inflow numbers in equity, for a better comparison of how the book is growing and also for the 
market share that we have in the industry? 
Feroze Azeez: 
In the meantime, while my colleague pulls out precise numbers let me tell you. If you look at 
our equity mutual fund sourcing for the first half year, I think it's about INR 3,300 crores. I'll tell 
you some industry numbers. Now here, I have it in my hand, H1 FY25, the net flow in the 
category as per Category 3 of AMC, as it is mentioned in the website, which is the active 
managed funds. The total net flow is INR 203,994 crores. SIP purchases for the same period of 
H1 FY25 is INR 1,33,925 crores. Net inflows minus the SIP purchase is INR 70,069 crores and 
Anand Rathi's number, is INR 3,116 crores. And our SIP purchase is INR 310 crores which 
implies that our net inflow in equity mutual funds for the same period of the first half year of 
2025, FY is INR 2,805 crores, which makes it a 4% market share in lump-sum purchases and 
1.5% market share, including SIP numbers because we have not focused on SIP being an HNI 
platform. I think we have missed that opportunity so far. We have woken up to that opportunity, 
and we will see SIP numbers going up. But if you look at lump sum purchases, INR 2,800 crores 
is what has come from ARWL on a total base of 70,000 for the industry.  
Aman Singh: 
And sir, what would be the gross equity inflow market share, including SIP lump-sum for H1? 
Feroze Azeez: 
For the industry or for us? 
Aman Singh: 
For us compared to industrial market share. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes, the market share is 1.5. ARWL Equity Net flow INR 3,116 crore on the Industry Net-flow 
INR 2,03,994. 
Aman Singh: 
So it would be net inflow market share, right? I'm asking about gross inflow market share. 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Company Limited 
 
 
October 11, 2024 
 
 
Feroze Azeez: 
Gross inflow, we don't track it at all. 
Jugal Mantri: 
Gross it is next to impossible to track because there are a lot of switches and the realignment 
even within the equity mutual portfolio. So it is next to impossible to track the gross numbers. 
Besides the equity, what is important is that even the net inflow in the first half, which we have 
is INR 5,700 crores in the products which are being distributed compared to that, we had net 
inflow of INR 2,500 crores. So in fact, the net inflow in our products, which are being advised, 
has gone up by 127% in the first half of this financial year. 
Aman Singh: 
Right. Yes. So, as you explained in quarter 2, there was some realignment from the equity mutual 
fund to structured products. So, was it across the categories in equity mutual fund or you made 
redemptions from a particular category, like you did in small cap a few quarters back? 
Feroze Azeez: 
See, we release a new model portfolio every 15 months, then start the realignment. The model 
portfolio is a lump sum now. The same 14 schemes I own, the same 14 schemes my largest client 
as an RM own. So it is never going to be so transactional. 
Aman Singh: 
Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi Group. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Just on the guidance part, when I look at it for the second half, you have built in almost a high 
single-digit sort of AUM growth. But when I look at the revenue numbers or even when I look 
at your PAT numbers, for the second half you are building in a lower than what you have 
achieved in H1. Now given the opex structure, when I subtract and get the opex number, this 
numbers seems to be broadly flattish what you're assuming between H1 and H2. Now just on 
the revenue part, why would you kind of assume a relatively lower revenue number for the 
second half compared to the first half, even when you are assuming AUM growth. That's my 
question number one.  
The second question is now when I look at your flows that you're getting into your business, just 
if you could give some color between flows from, let's say, the new customers and from the 
existing customers. What the breakup would be and if that has changed in the last year or quarter 
out there. And my last question is more from a structural perspective. I mean, in the segment 
that you're operating, do you see increased competition from some of the domestic boutiques. 
And if so, can that lead to some sort of maybe not immediate but maybe a near to medium-term 
pressure on the cost side? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Thank you, Dipanjan, for your question. Firstly, I think if you would have heard us in the past, 
we always try to under-commit and over-deliver. That's our principle. And that's the principle 
any business which is supposed to be in the trust business. To clients also we try to under commit 
and try our best to overdeliver. We don't show Sensex 200,000 and then sell equity. We show 
Sensex can go down. every 8 months 10% and then sell equity. So 1 is the principal and the 
DNA, which Mr. Rakesh Rawal, who's the CEO of our company and incidentally also our 
professional guru has imbibed in us, is to under-commit over deliver. So any guidance numbers 
have to be seen with that color.  

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Company Limited 
 
 
October 11, 2024 
 
 
And we also believe in God, so there could be surprises. That's why you will always have some 
conservatism and not look at sequential growth. Half year to half year growth are not supposed 
to be seen in this business. For the time and I am mentioning that in my calls that it is a business 
of managing money and revenue is an outcome. I can't decide this is the revenue I want, and 
that's how I will manage them on and we have to respect the fact that we have collected 
INR75,000 crores of hard earned money, which on an average, takes 15 to 20 years for every 
family to accumulate. So revenue can't result in the allocations. Allocations have to result in 
drive. So that's on the guidance part right? Second, which was first question was existing v/s 
new clients. 65 old clients and 35 new clients, okay? 
We believe that we are one of the wealth management outlets, we like to believe that we are 
more secure as a group of professionals saying that we don't push people to start big. We will 
start with whatever INR 1 crores. But as long as you have INR 8 crores, INR 10 crores, INR15 
crores as your investable surplus, I would allow somebody to start with INR 1 crores earlier I 
used to allow them to start with INR 50 lakhs also. 
And once I establish that my sharpe ratio is better than the best Sharpe ratio of somebody else. 
There is no reason why I will not be able to consolidate. That's why two-thirds comes from 
existing clients. And one-third comes from new clients.  
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Allocation of more on the competitive intensity, how these things are shaping up? 
Feroze Azeez: 
The competitive intensity -- our competition with anybody who has a sharpe ratio less than me, 
okay? There are two things -- how we see competition. Of-course, it might look too idealistic. 
There is a competitor to sales team. There is a competitor to research team. Now for example, if 
there is anybody better than us in terms of risk reward to a client, that is a competitor to my 
product team. Mr. Chethan Shenoy and 145 people - saying that why is somebody delivering a 
better Sharpe ratio than me? 
If somebody is delivering worse off than me, then it's a competitor to my sales fraternity. 
Because if the money is not growing well, why are you not bringing it in? If it’s going well, then 
Mr. Shenoy what is your research team doing? So that's how we see and we learned from our 
competitors. So to answer your question, competition will come, but there is enough and more 
money, which is not delivering the Sharpe ratios or even 0.5. And people don't even measure 
risk-adjusted return of that portfolio. So if you measure and somebody is doing very well, better 
than us, we don't treat that as competition. We let that be. And so we have the courage to say no 
to some clients, which I don't think wealth management outfits at the client. Once I say no to 
those 5% people who are doing better than us and learn from them, I have the conviction to get 
the 95% in, and that's been the principal sir. That's how we see competition. And there is so 
much underutilization on a risk-reward basis, you had be surprised, even INR 100 crores clients 
have a Sharpe ratio of 0.3. So many of them.  
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
If I can come back on the first question, my question is not from a guidance perspective, more 
from the perspective that baring asset allocation. If I just look at your mutual fund distribution 
business, do you see any risk to the MF yield. I think one of the first questions was regarding to 
the that book re-pricing from one of the larger AMc. I mean, is that more of a trend that you 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Company Limited 
 
 
October 11, 2024 
 
 
expect on the other incumbents to follow? Or it's just more of a one-off event from one of the 
larger players. I mean, a question more from a yield perspective, how you see that shaping up? 
Or is there any risk to the MF yield? 
Feroze Azeez: 
We personally think that we generally like to manage risk. Risks will be 
there. I can give you a 100% that not just the risk which I have written on my notes in my phone. 
There will be some unknown risks and risks are practically the ones which you don't see coming, 
right? So I have total 17 - I call the green risks and higher likely risks are 10. So after having 
provision, that is why Rakesh Rawal gives the guidance of 20% -25% for the next 10 years. So 
to answer your third question, the yield compression, unlikely. We were the only wealth 
management or one of the few wealth management outfits, which went all trail in 2016 when it 
was regulatorily mandated in 2018. And we have not had to change our distribution and advisory 
model from 2013, 1st January when it has been released. Most of our industry participants had 
to be toying between advisory, distribution, PMS platform for the mutual fund business. I think 
if I am not wrong, at least three changes have happened in most wealth management outfits from 
2013 in their business model. When we look at regulation, we look at regulation, not from what 
is written but between the lines. And probably on a one-on-one discussion, I can tell you what 
we read as a regulatory change. The yield compression is the least of our risk and even if there 
is 5 – 7 paise risk of having 1% only trail commission, we are very well poised to handle that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Congrats on at great set of numbers. Just a couple of questions. Firstly, when you were 
mentioning about your alpha generation, you mentioned your performance versus the NIFTY. 
But could you also give some colour as to how many of your portfolio schemes would have 
outperformed their respective benchmarks. And what would be the average data over their 
respective benchmarks? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes, I can tell you that, but that's something which I don't track as much, but of course I track, 
but that's not a commitment I give because everybody has a Tier 1, Tier 2 benchmark, if you 
want to know what is the outperformance on the respective benchmarks, which I think is itself 
flawed - it's 2.91% for this year. 
Prayesh Jain: 
2.9%.Okay. Great. And the other thing is from a structural product, how do you see the share of 
your structured products, say, over the next three, five years, how do you see that kind of 
changing? 
Feroze Azeez: 
I don't think there could be too much change. When we started in 2012, November, our first 
structured product issuance at Anand Rathi. We had a 30% allocation as the maximum. 
Allocation today is 35% so we went in 12 years to 40% came back to 30%. We are now at 35% 
for most of the portfolios, we recommend this. So to answer your question, it's going to be a plan 
B in the portfolio. And that to my mind, would be one-third or close to that for the next 10 years. 
Unless the macroeconomics change it the way delta, vega, gamma, theta, rho which are the first 
order Greeks of long-term options changed dramatically which I think is unlikely vega and beta 
which are the second owner Greeks which we track to make a product unless they change to 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Company Limited 
 
 
October 11, 2024 
 
 
over its heads, there is no reason why with the allocation would change or the same product 
which we have done 1,500 times each will change.  
We don't believe in innovation. We believe in optimal innovation because innovation for the 
heck of it is something which is detrimental to the sharpe ratios of the portfolio. That's what our 
study shows. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yes. That’s it from my side. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan Mandora from Equirus Securities. Please 
go ahead. Sorry to interrupt you sir, may I request you to use your handset. 
Rohan Mandora: 
This is better? 
Moderator: 
Yes sir. Please go ahead Mr. Rohan.  
Rohan Mandora: 
Hello.  
Moderator: 
Sir we are not able to hear you very clearly. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sorry, I'll join back the queue. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Now we can hear you Rohan Bhai now. I could hear. Sejal I could hear Rohan. 
Moderator: 
Sir he got disconnected.  
Feroze Azeez: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
Due to no response from the current participant, we will take the next participant. The next 
question is from the line of Sunil Shah from SRE PMS. Please go ahead. 
Sunil Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Congratulations Feroze and the entire team at Anand Rathi, Jugalji 
and all. Sir I have been there in the company for like reasonable period of time and I'm really 
looking at being there for like another 5 years - 10 years. As you stated, Rawalji and all are 
targeting 20% to 25% growth over the next decade. That's the sense and we are clearly preparing 
our company in that direction, really appreciate the client acquisition to employee retention, to 
the products, processes, everything. Sir the only point is this and I don't want to sound negative, 
but are we working or preparing for as creating a proxy of Feroze in the organization because 
Feroze has been there for a long period of time. And has all the firepower today. Also when I 
hear him speak, but my only that Six Sigma event or the Black Swan is Feroze kind of decides 
to move on or whatever, are we preparing any proxy?  Just an outlier completely minus 3 sigma 
event, but are we working towards creating any such thing? This is just one thought because 
that's the only risk which I see in the company at this point of time. So just wanted to bounce 
this, just create some thoughts and just want to hear your thoughts as well Feroze? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Thank you Sunil Shah for your question. Thank you to be our investor for so long in your PMS. 
So Sunil Shah I speak a lot and I appear a lot, but I think I'm not -- I'm just the postman. To be 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Company Limited 
 
 
October 11, 2024 
 
 
honest and I'm not being trying to sound modest. Rakesh sir who is a back bencher is the person 
who has actually put the strategy in place. Segment was chosen by Rakesh sir, the strategy 
mathematical approach was chosen by Rakesh sir and his experience is what I try and articulate.  
Today like you rightly said sir I joined in September 2012, so finished about 12 years. Now I 
speak like Rakesh sir, but he doesn't speak so much in the public is why it is misconstrued that 
it's my language, point one. Now I will give you a little more tangible answers. This was just a 
disclaimer. And in 2015 July I was chosen by Rakesh sir to be the Deputy CEO, not from a 
purpose of our transition because one of us can die to be honest Six Sigma event, not Six Sigma 
it’s a certainty that one of us will die sooner unless we take the same flight and something 
happens. And so on a lighter note I had a very strong long chat. So Sunil bhai so what I'm saying 
is why I am a Deputy CEO from last 9 years. My media friends tell me that you are so bad that 
you don’t get a promotion on a lighter note. I say I don’t want any promotion. So we are two of 
us point one and not one. I might be doing the talking in the public domain. His brain is 
significantly more than mine in the business because of he joined in 2007. That's point one.  
Point two if you look at it our unit heads barring the last four - five hires have been there for 
more than 12 years - 14 years. My Hyderabad unit head is taken care by Protima who is 17 years. 
Our Delhi unit head is taken care by Manish Srivastava who is 17 years. Adil came with us again 
co head Delhi. So if you just went the second in line the average period the unit heads have spent 
is anything more than 11 years, 12 years, 13 years,14 years.  
We've hired three people from Karvy who came in 2015, 2016, 2018 and 2019. So they would 
bring down the average because they spent some period. Then coming to the product head who 
heads this division of 145 people which is the brain in the anatomy. If I have to draw up analogy, 
Chetan Shenoy who is the Product Head has worked as a colleague of mine from the first day I 
started in the corporate world in 2004, when I joined ABN AMRO that was one of the first 
people I met. So we have worked together as a group for really long periods of time like Chetan 
Shenoy 20 years. My Product Deputy Head close to 14 years. So if you look at all the product 
top 10 people,  I actually have 6 people plus 14 people. 6 people have worked as a colleague to 
me for at least 14 years - 15 years from 2010. And the next in line and the product 14 people 
have spent at least 8 years average. So the only way to prepare for somebody's absence in 
unfortunate event is to have near zero attrition both at product level and the RM level. That's 
what we've tried to do, but you really set us thinking Sunil bhai. We will try and see if there can 
be a more cogent plan and I will take this as a feedback. 
Sunil Shah: 
No, really appreciate the detailed explanation that you shared with me and good to know the 
Tire 2 the people working. So thanks for all this. That really puts to rest all the doubts that I had 
in my mind. Thank you so much, Feroze a real long journey ahead in all aspects. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viraj Mehta who is an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Great set of numbers. Quality an up-up growth for the last 2 years, reaching almost 4,000 great 
achievement. I have only 1 question, which is any plan of corporate action going forward? There 
and split - bonus? 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Company Limited 
 
 
October 11, 2024 
 
 
Feroze Azeez: 
Like we said the last time also, the AGM, I quote my Chairman saying that we will surely 
consider corporate action actually, what was said. And that stands to today as well in the same 
manner, which was told in the past. But one very interesting data, we made a predictive model 
to see which the companies which give a bonus are. Maybe if you get in touch with Vishal ji, he 
can share with you predictive analytics of which are the companies which end up giving bonuses 
on NSE 500. We've done some interesting data and any company which has risen has a larger 
probability of giving bonuses in any company which has given larger bonuses have risen so vice 
versa, which is at, I think we can give you. 
 
So I'm giving you an abstract answer, but we have done some predictive analytics in terms of 
the NSE 500 companies in terms of bonus. Not specific to Anand Rathi, but whatever I heard 
Mr. Rathi hearing him in the AGM, I'm repeating the same thing, yes, we will consider, we 
believe in rewarding the shareholder. 
Viraj Mehta:  
Well, thank you. And I get your details from the website, is it? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Sanidhya from Unicorn Asset. Please 
go ahead. 
Sanidhya: 
Just to follow up that the number of clients in the H1 FY25 or say, one full year  if we compare 
from H1FY24. What kind of client base that is like in terms of the AUM that they're bringing? 
In which category do you place and what percentages would you sand INR 50 lakh to INR 5 
crores and 5 crore to 50 crore or more than? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Sir, your name I missed again, sorry. 
Sanidhya: 
Sanidhya. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Sanidhya, see how we look at it is the first filter is we try and see whether the client is from our 
segment. What is our segment is INR 5 crores to INR 50 crores of investable surplus other than 
the office / home occupies. That's the first step we do. Let's assume Sanidhya balance sheet, 
apart from the home, he lives in picking across. Then I know the first stigma, but he has the 
potential to be my client segment. Then I will tell Sanidhya, sir listen to my story and start with 
INR 1 crores. So you can start with INR 1 crores. This is the same thing, 6-8 months ago we 
were starting with INR 50 lakhs, but I think they have come some distance unlike most private 
banks who say that you start with INR 5 crores, which we think is a little unfair. 
 
So that most of the clients, would be most if not all will be investable surplus is greater than INR 
5 crores - INR 7 crores. And below INR 50 crores. We don't like to go after rich people who 
have got into money just now, unlike most of our friends in the industry do they sold the business 
for INR 200 crores. They would go to it. We would not want to go to him because I don't want 
to fight a cost war. And we like to get intergenerational wells and INR 5 crores to INR 50 crores 
in that segment, starting with INR 1 crores. Does it answer, sir? 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Company Limited 
 
 
October 11, 2024 
 
 
Sanidhya: 
Yes, that definitely answers. And what do you hear from those people what are their aspiration 
in terms of returns what are they looking for really? Like INR 5 crores to INR 50 crores. I think 
the best segment in the entire industry, That's my view. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Absolutely. That's a good segment provided I am building a business on the basis of MAT. So 
if you ask me, what do these clients have? They don't have clarity. Okay? That's why is tagline 
as uncomplicated. What is happening to INR 15 crores client, if I described. He is distributing a 
INR 5 crores, INR 7 crores in Real Estate. He's got INR 7 crores, INR 8 crores in financial assets 
distributed across 3 different financial advisers. One is surely going to be his bank. He is acting 
like a INR 2 crores client to 4 people. 
 
And that is resulting in people selling him products, which may not suit this need. So what is 
their first requirement? They don't want it, but the need is clarity of objective. They want 
something fancy to start with. When we meet somebody, what's new with you? Is the first 
question. We say, we haven't come for entertainment, we don't have anything new. That same 
thing has been running for 12 years. Our aim is that your IRRs and your Beta is measured. 
 
Today, most of the advisers -- most of the clients at between INR 20 crores balance sheet will 
not even know that Beat of their portfolio, right? So what do they want? They want new products, 
what do they need? They need clarity of objective. They need clarity of mathematics. They need 
services which are peripheral. We have done about 6,000 - 7,000 wills, and most of the wills 
which we audit are incorrect, even if they are a INR 500 crores will. So we have done 7,000 
wills. We've listed down 11 most popular mistakes. They need it, but they don't want it. So we 
have to create the need before we address it. 
 
So uncomplicated is only appealing to a person whose life is complicated and you open his eyes 
saying that is any complexity. As seen portfolios you'll be surprised, 100 ISINs with a Sharpe 
ratio of 0.1. I've seen 92 ISIN with Sharpe ratio of minus, right? So what do they need? They 
need some mathematics. And since this segment is filled with professionals, professionals 
respect mathematics because they have to present to the board so they work with mathematics a 
little more than a promoter does, because promoter is lesser answerable than a professional. I as 
a professional and more answerable than my promoter. So that's why that segment is good, and 
we believe in mathematics. That's why our RMs being introverts, do a good job, because the 
straight come to the point to the mathematics and does not ask him what you wait last night or 
how was your golf game. 
Sanidhya: 
Great. And do we do any insurance kind of product? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes, sir. 
Sanidhya: 
Do we sell any insurance kind of product? 
Feroze Azeez: 
No. 
Sanidhya: 
Great. 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Company Limited 
 
 
October 11, 2024 
 
 
Feroze Azeez: 
And investment based insurance. Would we have sold some term plans with general insurance 
to protective house? Answer is yes. Anything which is investment and insurance mix trying to 
do one or two insurance is not in finance. It's in the context. 
Sanidhya: 
Yes, exactly. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Feroze Azeez for closing comments. 
Feroze Azeez: 
I'd like to thank everyone for being a part of this call. We hope we have tried our best to answer 
the questions to our ability. If you need any more information, please feel free to contact Mr. 
Vishal Sanghavi our Investor Relations Head, and Rajesh Bhutara, who is our CFO for decades. 
I would like to extend my good visions for the upcoming festive season and may you have a 
great decent in and thank you for your time and patience. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Anand Rathi Wealth Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
