3WlW 
REC 
_ 
;>;>\, 3fRI ~ 
Endless energy Infinite possibilities. 
A MAHARATNA COMPANY 
REC Limited I 3lTrl ~T f~fl:l~s 
('Ifffi'I ~ 
~ 'f<fi ~ 
~) / (A Government of India Enterprise) 
Regd. Office: Core-4, SCOPE Complex, 7. Loohi Road, New Delhi ·110003 
Corporate Office: Plot No. 1-4, Near IFFCO Chowk Metro Station. 
Secto r -29 , Gurugram -
12200 1 
( H aryana ) 
Tel : +9 1 124 44 4 1300 I Website : www.recindia .niC .in 
CIN : l40101Dl1969GOI005095 I GST No.: 06AAACR4512R3Z3 
SEC-1I187(2)12024/ 2 02 C) 
Dated: November 4,2024 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange ofIndia Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra 
ast , Mumbai - 400051 
Scri Code- RECLTD 
~ufu'mll 
aft Qti { Rlf;je;s 
~ 
Jj fGt (1 , n!~:t:~rr.'j \1jC:l' "Gfu;ft~ "C'TCRf 
~ ~
. 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
151 Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai - 400001 
Scri Code-532955 
Sub: Transcript of Investors Conference call held on October 28, 2024. 
In continuation of our earlier letter(s) dated October 23, 2024 & October 28, 2024, and 
pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith transcript 
ofInvestors Conference call (Group Meet) ofREC Limited held on October 28,2024. 
~ ~ 
"1HCf>loi1 ~fffil:~1 This is for your information. 
RegionalOffices: Bengaluru, Bhopal, Bhubaneswar, Chennai, Oehradun, Guwahati, Hyderabad, Jaipur, Jammu, Kolkata _ 
Lucknow, Mumbai, Panch kula, Patna, Raipur, Ranchi, Shillong, Shimla, Thiruvananthapuram & Vijaywada 
State Offices 
: Vadodara, Varanasi 
Training Centre : REC Institute of Power Management & Training (RECIPMT), Hyderabad 
Jyoti 
Shubhra 
Amitabh
Digitally signed by Jyoti Shubhra Amitabh 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal,CID - 6992566, 
pseudonym=20240829162233235, 
2.5.4.20=96ed5c3c20972a0f47df962fdc4a
780c9e9024cf91b3ff6f7d5f85abae7d8510, 
postalCode=201301, st=Uttar Pradesh, 
title=0573, 
serialNumber=159303584c6c1556d495de
d817d8acafb7052d4bc2ffef2356115a0e92
ae00ac, cn=Jyoti Shubhra Amitabh 
Date: 2024.11.04 17:31:52 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“REC Limited 
Q2 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VIVEK KUMAR DEWANGAN – IAS, CHAIRMAN 
AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – REC LIMITED 
 
MR. VIJAY KUMAR SINGH – DIRECTOR (PROJECTS) – 
REC LIMITED 
 
MR. HARSH BAWEJA – DIRECTOR (FINANCE) – REC 
LIMITED 
 
MR. MOHAN LAL KUMAWAT, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
FINANCE – REC LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:  
MS. SHWETA DAPTARDAR – ELARA SECURITIES 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 

 
 
REC Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the REC Limited Q2 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Elara Securities Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shweta Daptardar from Elara Securities Private Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Shweta Daptardar: 
Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Elara Securities, we welcome you all 
to Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of REC Limited. From the esteemed management today, 
we have with us Mr. Vivek Kumar Dewangan:, IAS, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. 
Vijay Kumar Singh, Director (Projects); Mr. Harsh Baweja, Director (Finance); Mr. Mohan Lal 
Kumawat, Executive Director (Finance); and other senior officials. 
We express our gratitude towards the management of REC Limited to provide us the opportunity 
to host this conference call. Without further ado, I now hand over the call to Mr. Vijay Kumar 
Singh, Director of Projects, for his opening remarks, post which we can open the floor for Q&A. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vijay Kumar Singh: 
Good morning, everyone. I'm Vijay Kumar Singh, Director (Projects). So we have a very brief 
presentation for our Q2 and half yearly results. We would like to make that quick presentation. 
And thereafter, our CMD will be giving overall overview of the sector. So please allow us to 
make this quick presentation to you. Over to my colleague, Mr Supreet Pandya for making the 
presentation, please. 
Supreet Pandya: 
Good morning, everyone. We'll take you ahead with the investor presentation. We believe 
investors got an access of the investor presentation on our website. We will take you ahead with 
this presentation. 
We have divided this presentation into five areas, which is REC overview, Operational 
Performance, Asset Quality, Borrowing Profile and the Financial Highlights. Let's take REC 
overview first. We see that REC has a journey of more than five decades, wherein we started 
our journey in 1969 to develop our infrastructure sectors in rural areas. And from there, we have 
grown ahead in leaps and bounds. 
And in the latest year 2024, we have been appointed as National program implementing agency 
for PM Surya Ghar Muft Bijli Yojana. We also did our Maiden Yen Bond issuance of JPY61.1 
billion. And recently in September 2024, we did a USD bond issuance of $500 million, which 
were raised at the most competitive rates.  
REC has multiple key strengths. The first being Maharatna Company and a strategic player in 
the Indian Power, Infrastructure and Logistics Sector. We have a diversified asset base with 

 
 
REC Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
robust access to diversified funding sources. We occupy a strategic position in the growth and 
development of the Power Sector and a major player in Renewable Energy segment and creation 
of India's Green Energy Corridor. We have a healthy asset quality with adequate provisioning 
coverage ratio. We have very strong fundamentals and profitable business with stable margins, 
leading to strong profitability. We have highest domestic credit ratings of AAA, which is 
awarded by all the four major rating agencies in India. We have international ratings of Baa3 
and BBB- from Moody’s & Fitch, respectively, which are at par with the Sovereign rating of 
India. 
We are the nodal agencies for all the major flagship schemes of India. The major being RDSS, 
Saubhagya, DDUGJY, the latest being Rooftop Solar, etc. We have a highly qualified and 
experienced management team with sector expertise. 
We are a government's trusted arm, wherein we are assisting GOI in multiple schemes being 
RDSS, Saubhagya, Late Payment Surcharge Scheme, Consumer Services Ratings of DISCOMS 
on operational matters, Integrated Ratings of DISCOMS on financial matters, DDUGJY, NEF, 
Rooftop Solar program.  
We have been accorded by Coveted Maharatna Status in FY 2023, which is the highest amongst 
all the ratings assigned to the Central Public Sector undertakings in India. We are amongst the 
top 14 PSUs, which have been accorded this Maharatna Status in India, out of a total 100 rated 
entities in India. Apart from Maharatna, the ratings are Navratna, Miniratna I, and Miniratna II. 
REC holds the highest rating of Maharatna. This Maharatna status gives us various business 
advantages, wherein we get greater operational and financial autonomy. It allows us strategic 
investments by incorporating JVs, Subsidiaries, and M&A activities in India and abroad. We 
have access to accelerated growth and support government's vision for the power sector. 
If you come to Slide Number 8, you can see that REC has forayed into Infrastructure Sector for 
Nation's Accelerated Development, wherein REC has diversified its loan portfolio with a 
mandate of up to 33% loans in the Infrastructure Sector and Logistics sector. In these sectors, 
we have sanctioned various projects in Metro, Ports, Waterways, Airport, Oil Refinery, Road & 
Highways, IT Infra/Fiber Optics, Steel Infra and Health Sector. 
If we come on the Slide Number 9 of the PPT, we have given the shareholder outlook. If you 
see the shareholding pattern of REC as at 30th September 2024, we are majorly owned by Power 
Finance Corporation, which holds 52.63% in REC, while the Foreign Portfolio Investors and 
FIIs hold 21.23% in REC. The insurance companies hold 3.93%, Individual, HUF, and NRIs 
hold 10.78% in REC, the Mutual Funds and AIFs hold 9.48%. The Corporates, Banks and 
Finance Institutions hold 1.71% and Others hold 0.24%. 
The top 10 shareholders as of September 30, 2024, are also given in the slide, wherein PFC hold 
52.63%; Government of Singapore hold 1.56%; HDFC Trustee 1.47%; LIC 1.35%; Nippon Life 
1.28%; Tata AIG, 0.77%; NPS Trust of Aditya Birla Sunlife Pension Fund 0.77%; SBI PSU 
Fund 0.71%; SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 0.67%; Vanguard Total International Stock 

 
 
REC Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Index Fund hold 0.66%. So these are the top 10 shareholders of REC as at 30th September 2024. 
And FIIs and FPIs have always reposed faith in REC, and they have consistently hold more than 
20% in REC stock since IPO in 2008. 
REC has a strong history of high dividend payouts and in the same context, we have declared 
the second interim dividend of INR4 per share in Q2 FY '25. This is in addition to the first 
interim dividend of INR3.5 per share, which was declared in first quarter, making a total 
dividend payout of INR7.5, which is 75% per share on the face value of INR10. The earnings 
per share of REC for the half year is INR28.28 i.e. on annualized basis INR56.56, and the book 
value per share is at INR276.82 as at 30th September 2024. 
We have received various Awards and Accolades in our long history. The latest being that we 
have been awarded the ‘Plaque’ under Financial Services Sector (Other than Banking and 
Insurance category) at the ICAI Awards, i.e. Institute of Chartered Accountants of India Awards, 
for Excellence in Financial Reporting for FY 2022-23. Apart from that, we have received various 
awards in various areas for Renewable Financing, Risk Management, Green Bond Sustainable 
Finance and Corporate Governance, etc. 
We now come to the operational performance of REC for quarter and half year ended 30th 
September 2024. In the first half of FY '25, we have sanctioned total projects worth INR188,991 
crores, wherein we have sanctioned the highest category of loans in renewable space including 
Large Hydro of INR60,391 crores, implying sanctions of 32% in renewable energy space out of 
the total sanctions. So we are on the trajectory of outpassing the last year highest ever sanctions. 
In the quarter 2 of this year, we have sanctioned projects of INR76,200 crores wherein renewable 
sanctions stand at INR20,737 crores. 
The disbursements during the half year stands at INR90,955 crores, wherein the renewable 
disbursement stand at INR11,297 crores, making 12% out of the total disbursement portfolio. 
The total disbursement made in second quarter was INR47,303 crores and out of that, the 
renewables were INR5,946 crores. This signifies an increase of 20% in the total disbursements 
from the last half year of FY '24 than in the current half year of FY '25. And there's an increase 
in the renewable including Large Hydro disbursement of 93% in the current half year of FY '25. 
Our loan book during the half year has increased by a robust rate of nearly 15% Y-on-Y and our 
loan book as of 30th September 2024 stands at INR546,117 crores, out of which state sector 
stands at 88% of the total book at INR480,818 crores, and the private sector stands at 12% of 
INR65,299 crores. The renewable book stands at 9% and has grown continuously from 30th 
September 2023 at INR29,833 crores to INR47,820 crores as at 30th September 2024. Now 
renewable book stands at 9% of our total loan book.  
The generation book is at INR150,937 crores; transmission book is at INR48,592 crores; 
distribution book is at INR219,990 crores; Infrastructure and Logistics sector in the core area is 
at INR16,504 crores; and Infrastructure & Logistics Sector Electromagnetic Components at 

 
 
REC Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
INR49,308 crores. The STL and MTL stands at INR12,966 crores. So that is the total book of 
INR546,117 crores. 
We have Pan-INDIA presence across all the states in India, wherein we have lending across 28 
states of INR480,818 crores and private book of INR65,299 crores, making the total loan book 
of INR546,117 crores. 
On Slide 17 of the presentation, we have given the top 10 major borrowers of REC, which are 
all in the state sector. The top being Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution company, then 
Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution, Tamil Nadu Power Generation, Kaleshwaram 
Irrigation Project, Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited, Telangana State Power Generation 
Corporation, Andhra Pradesh Southern Power Distribution Company, Telangana State Southern 
Power Distribution Company, Jodhpur Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited, and the Jaipur Vidyut 
Vitran Nigam Limited. 
We have a well-diversified asset portfolio with top 10 borrowers accounting for nearly 36% of 
the outstanding loans. And none of the top 10 borrowers account for more than 7% of the total 
loan book, and there are no NPAs in the top 10 accounts ever. 
If we come on the asset quality of REC, the asset quality has shown continuous improvement 
wherein our Gross NPAs have reduced considerably from 3.42% in March '23, to 2.53% in 
September '24. Our net NPAs have also reduced from 1.01% in March '23 to 0.88% in September 
'24. The provision coverage ratio stands healthy at 65.12% as at close of September 2024. 
On Page 20 of the presentation, we have given the sector-wise breakup of our ECL provisioning, 
i.e. Expected Credit Loss provisioning of our loan portfolio. If you see out of the total loan 
outstanding of INR546,117 crores, the total NPAs are at INR13,824 crores, wherein we have 
made a provisioning of INR9,003 crores, signifying a provision capital ratio of 65.12%. 
Additionally, we have a provisioning of INR3,705 crores on Stage 1 and Stage 2 assets i.e. 
standard assets, implying a total provisioning of 0.70% on the standard assets. 
The credit impaired assets of REC are at various stages of resolution. Almost 13 projects worth 
of INR12,296 crores are under NCLT, wherein we have made a provision of 67%. And we are 
also pursuing 4 projects outside NCLT worth INR1,528 crores with a provisioning of 50%. 
We now come to the borrowing profile of REC, wherein we have the highest domestic long-
term ratings from CRISIL, ICRA, CARE and India Ratings of AAA. And the international credit 
ratings of Baa3 from Moody's; BBB- from Fitch Ratings, and BBB+ from Japan Credit Rating 
Agency, which are at par with Sovereign Rating of India. 
On Slide Number 24, we have given breakup of total outstanding borrowings of INR475,832 
crores as at 30th September 2024, wherein our External Commercial Borrowings are at 
INR148,792 crores. Apart from that, we have access to various other areas as well of borrowings, 
which are Institutional Bonds including subordinated bonds of INR202,776 crores. We have 

 
 
REC Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
taken loans from banks, financial institutions of INR71,508 crores. We have access to 54EC 
Capital Gain Tax Exemption Bonds of INR43,753 crores. REC is only amongst the four agencies 
in India who can issue such kind of bonds. We have tax-free bonds of INR8,999 crores, and we 
have borrowed a small amount of INR4 crores from Infrastructure Bonds as well. So that is the 
total portfolio of INR475,832 crores of our borrowings. 
During the current period of half year 2025, we have raised total quantum of INR77,759 crores 
to fund our disbursements. Out of this, INR23,121 crores have been raised from FCNR (B) loans 
and INR18,105 crores have been raised from foreign currency borrowings. We have also raised 
INR29,378 crores of Institutional Bonds, INR4,254 crores from Capital Gain Bonds, and we 
have also taken loans from banks and FI Institutions of INR2,900 crores. And during the current 
quarter ended September '25, we have raised INR30,928 crores. 
Now we come to the financial highlights of REC for the half year ended 2024. We have recorded 
the highest ever half yearly profit of INR7,448 crores during the half year ended 30th September 
2024. Our total income stands at INR26,633 crores versus INR22,571 crores, which signifies an 
increase of 18% Y-on-Y. The net interest income stands at INR9,723 crores versus INR7,763 
crores, that also signifies an increase of 25% Y-on-Y. The net profit for the half year stands at 
INR7,448 crores, which is an increase of 11% year-on-year from INR6,734 crores in the 
corresponding half year last year. The loan book has reached INR546,000 crores as at end of 
September 2024, which is an increase of 15% Y-on-Y. The asset quality has improved with net 
credit impaired assets at 0.88% against 0.96% year-on-year. The net worth has also increased to 
INR72,893 crores versus INR63,117 crores, which was an increase of 15% year-on-year. We 
have a capital adequacy ratio of 25.31% including Tier 1 capital of 22.87% and Tier 2 capital of 
2.44%, which is well above the RBI requirement of 15%. 
During the half year ended 2024, the yield on loan assets stands at 10.08% and the cost of funds 
at 7.12%, implying an interest spread of 2.96% and a net interest margin of 3.64%. The return 
on net worth is at 21.03%. The interest coverage ratio is at 1.57x and the debt equity ratio at 
6.47x.  
The stand-alone statement of profit and loss is also given on Slide Number 29, wherein we have 
given the quarterly and the half yearly presentation of the profit and loss. We have attained a 
Profit After Tax of INR4,005 crore in the quarter ended 30 September 2024, against INR3,773 
crores and also the profit for the half year is at INR7,448. The balance sheet position is also 
given on Slide Number 30, wherein we have given the item-wise distribution of the balance 
sheet position of assets and liabilities as of 30th September 2024. 
With this, we have concluded the presentation. 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: 
I welcome all the participants today in this con call who are present today. As you have noted 
that our revenue from operations and income is increasing at the rate of 17% to 18%; and our 
asset under management has grown by 15% on a half yearly basis. 

 
 
REC Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
We'd like to give guidance that our asset under management is likely to increase in the next 3 to 
4 years at the rate varying from 15% to 20%. Depending on particular quarter it can go to 15%, 
in some quarter it may go to 17%, and in some quarters it may go to around 20%. But on an 
average, we hope to maintain this 17% growth in our asset under management. But even if you 
take a conservative estimate, even if we grow at the rate of 15%, our asset under management 
would be double to about INR10 lakh crore by the year 2030. But if we are able to sustain this 
17% growth, perhaps we may reach doubling the asset under management by the year 2028-29. 
One more significant thing you might have observed that our sanction to the renewable energy 
sector has increased by about 21% in the first half of the year. We have sanctioned project worth 
INR60,391 crores in the first half, and disbursements have also gone up by 93% with respect to 
renewable energy sector. 
Going forward, as Ministry of Power has outlined the requirement of 80 gigawatt capacity of 
coal-based capacity in the next 6 to 7 years by the year 2032, we are targeting a 20% market 
share in this coal-based power plant business also. 
And distribution sector will remain our key focus area because revamped distribution sector 
scheme is being implemented. And thereafter, also since country's distribution network is quite 
old, 35-to 50-year old, so the continuous upgradation of distribution infrastructure will still be 
required. And with the increase in share of renewable energy in the total overall generation 
profile, the requirement of the storage solution, the evacuation through green energy corridor 
will be still there. And we are targeting 20% market share in the renewable energy business, 
which definitely would be more than INR3 lakh crore by the year 2030. 
With this, now we are open for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question may press star and 1 on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to 
withdraw yourself from the question queue, you may press star and 2. Participants are requested 
to use handset while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while 
the question queue assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Two questions. First is on the liability cost of funding 
side. So your cost of fund has inched up. Can you give some outlook for how it's going to be in 
the future? And which bonds I'm assuming one of those -- which bonds are the one which has 
caused the spike and how much price hike have we done for borrowers? And which segment, 
renewable, etcetera, in which segment did we hike the prices? 
Second question is on some of these media articles had these news items about lending to some 
of these groups like say, Vadhavan Port was mentioned a couple of weeks back in the media 
articles. Sir, can you help us understand given Vadhavan Port is owned by JNPA. Will our loan 

 
 
REC Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
have a government guarantee over there from an explicit government guarantee as a collateral 
over there? 
And also, there was a news article about lending to company called Azure in the renewable 
sector. I wanted to understand the thought process behind lending to that company, given that 
there have been whistleblower issues with them. The CEO changed within 2 years -- 2 months 
or so, stuff like that has happened in the past? And yes, those are my two questions. 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: 
Let me respond to those questions. The cost of fund is likely to come down by the end of year -
- by Q4, as you might have observed that Reserve Bank of India, although are holding this rate 
cut, but there is likelihood that the rates may come down in Q4.  
We have kept a diversified portfolio of our borrowing. You might have observed that our FCNR 
loan and External Commercial Borrowing has increased to about 31% of our total borrowing. 
That is there that our cost of fund is much less than 7% actually. And our 54EC bond is the 
cheapest source of fund available that gives us 5.25%. 
Going forward, we are not planning to increase the burden on the borrowers because the cost of 
funds, we will be able to contain.  
With regard to your queries about lending to non-power infrastructure and logistic sector. Let 
me clarify that our hands are full with our core sectors proposals, conventional generation, 
transmission, distribution and with a renewed focus on energy transition from the renewable 
energy segment and entire green project. We have a huge pipeline of projects from these, our 
core competency areas. So we are slowing focus on non-power infrastructure and logistic at this 
stage. And as I had already indicated that with regard to renewable energy projects, we have 
recently signed MOUs worth INR112,000 crores when we had participated in RE-INVEST 
Summit in Gandhinagar and in last year, we had signed MOUs worth INR285,000 crores. So we 
have a huge pipeline of projects on renewable energy sectors and conventional generation, 
transmission and distribution also. We'll be selective in financing non-power infrastructure and 
logistics. Only where the asset quality is good, revenue cash flows are ensured, only those sectors 
will be the focus. 
With regard to Vadhavan Port, you might have learned that it has already been approved by the 
Cabinet Committee of Economic Affairs. Government of India. This is being taken up by the 
JNPA but the execution will take time for Vadhavan Port. This execution will commence from 
the year 2027 only.  By that time, it's likely cash flows would become clearer, that point of time 
we'll take a call. But we do feel that there is absolutely no concern with regard to funding 
Vadhavan Port. I'll request our Director Projects to respond on Azure and security feature for 
Vadhavan Port. 
Vijay Kumar Singh: 
So, on Vadhavan, just to add what CMD sir just now informed is that, we are in close discussions 
with them. They have confirmed that the entire equity will come upfront. Now, you might be 
aware, there are two promoters. JNPA is one and Maharashtra Maritime Board is another 

 
 
REC Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
promoter with 26% stake. Both of them will put 100% equity upfront. Now upfront equity 
infusion and that too 100% definitely gives us a lot of comfort in terms of project development 
and subsequently as well. But then we are in discussion in negotiating this loan with them. 
With regard to your query on Azure, yes, we are very, very careful, and we are watching the 
developments in Azure. What we have done in Azure is that we have picked up only the 
commissioned projects; the commissioned project which have definitive revenues; the projects 
have secured a very good rating, if I'm correct, it is A- rated projects. So it is all towards 
refinancing of commissioned projects only. And we are definitely not considering at this point 
of time any greenfield project. Because we are still not very sure that for greenfield project, the 
equity would come quite smoothly. But commissioned assets, the equity is complete, the projects 
are commissioned, they are up and running, and they have very good rating, and therefore, we 
did that particular transaction. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it, sir. Very useful. Can you help us understand in the commission project of Azure? What 
would be the EBITDA cover? 
Vijay Kumar Singh: 
I don't have that particular number. But in terms of our Debt Service Coverage Ratio, it was 
close to 1.3. So that's a lot of comfort. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manish Agarwalla from PhillipCapital. 
Manish Agarwalla: 
So taking the similar discussion forward, what's your take on telecom sector? Is company open 
to provide loan assistance to likes of MTNL or Voda? Your views will be very useful, and I have 
a few more. 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: 
Yes. At this point of time, we feel that we are not going to finance telecom sector. Because as I 
have already mentioned, our hands are full with conventional generation, transmission, 
distribution and with regard to renewable energy sector. Telecom sector, as of now, we are not 
considering to finance. 
Manish Agarwalla: 
Okay, sir. That's useful. Second question was on repayment rates. So this quarter, the repayment 
rates were slightly high. Is there any prepayments you are witnessing? Or are there some short-
term loans which we disbursed earlier which are coming back? If you can comment on that? 
Harsh Baweja: 
Actually REC is into a financing business. And you can well expect that some of the 
prepayments will always come in. During the quarter itself, we have received prepayments of 
around INR7,000 crores, which has impacted our loan book also. But that is a continuous feature, 
and it will keep on coming in the year and in the quarter, next quarters also. 
Manish Agarwalla: 
So there's nothing called refinancing by other entities, correct? 
Harsh Baweja: 
No, it is nothing like that. It is just that there is cash surplus with the borrowing agency and they 
have prepaid the amount to us. 

 
 
REC Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Manish Agarwalla: 
Okay. And sir, finally on Lanco. So I understand the status quo is maintained. There is no money 
received. So if you can update on that? And also on the related point, so we have seen our 
coverage on Stage 3 is coming down. So your take on that, why are we bringing down the 
coverage on Stage 3? That's it from my side. 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: 
Lanco Amarkantak is in the NCLT and it has passed the orders, but there were some operational 
creditors. They have approached NCLAT about the distribution of this profit. That matter is 
pending. So that's why some amount has been kept. Once this matter is disposed off, the 
remaining amount would also get disbursed to all the lenders. Second question was ... 
Manish Agarwalla: 
On coverage, Stage 3 coverage ratio. 
Harsh Baweja: 
Actually, there was some amount which was received and against which we have reversed some 
ECL provisions. So that is why our Provision coverage has changed. And as soon as we get the 
full amount, the full settlement is there, the gross NPA will also come down. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Alok Srivastava from UBS. 
Alok Srivastava: 
Sir, on the previous participant's question, could you mention which asset is this, where this 
provision reversal has happened? 
Harsh Baweja: 
It is regarding the KSK Mahanadi project, which is under advanced stage of resolution, bids 
have already been received; some amount out of the dues we have received, that the amount 
which we have received out of the due amount, we have reversed ECL provision for that. Our 
management considers that the value as of now, which has been bidded by the prospective 
investors is much more than what we have already made a provision under ECL. So whatever 
was the safer side, we have reversed to that extent. And for that, the money has already been 
received. 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: 
In fact, NCLT allowed distribution of the money lying in TRA to the lenders. That's how we got 
some receipt. And the resolution of KSK Mahanadi is in advanced stage. We have got very good 
bids, and our recovery is going to be more than 100% with regard to KSK Mahanadi. 
Alok Srivastava: 
Sure, sir. And sir, we have been reading that on Hiranmaye project, DVC has emerged as the 
highest bidder. So sir, what is our exposure there? And do we expect any write-back on that one? 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: 
Yes. Yes, we are expecting a recovery of more than 80% from the Hiranmaye asset. And we had 
made provisioning about 50%. So we'll get some write-backs. Our total write-back that we are 
expecting from three assets KSK Mahanadi, Hiranmaye, and Sinnar project in Nasik, our total 
write-backs are expected to be about INR1,500 crores. 
Alok Srivastava: 
Okay, sir. And sir, one more question I had about the TANGEDCO, which is also your biggest 
borrower. There, this bifurcation is going on between the generation, distribution and the 
renewable entity. So sir, is there enough clarity now that where the guarantees will sit and your 
exposures, are they all guaranteed over there. Is there any risk post the trifurcation that happens? 

 
 
REC Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: 
Thank you so much, Alok, for asking this very pertinent question. The trifurcation of 
TANGEDCO has already happened and the three companies have become functional. And I'll 
request Director Projects to comment on our exposure within the limit and we have got sufficient 
space for all the three utilities. 
Vijay Kumar Singh: 
So what was happening that especially in the case of Tamil Nadu, the generation company and 
the distribution company work together called TANGEDCO. You might notice that in a state 
like UP, we have 5 DISCOMs. In Tamil Nadu, we had only 1 DISCOM. And then that DISCOM 
was also clubbed with Gen Co, Generation Company. And therefore, we were experiencing a 
great difficulty in terms of our exposure limits. 
Now since this trifurcation has happened. Earlier also, the entire loan was for a specific purpose, 
specific scheme for generation, transmission and distribution. So likewise, the loan separation 
has happened with respect to the scheme that we had sanctioned. So now we have separate loan 
amount, which is in generation, transmission and distribution. 
Whatever loan was guaranteed by the government continues to remain guaranteed by the 
government even after the trifurcation. Now the biggest relief that we have got is that we are no 
way close to the exposure limit for any of the utilities with respect to generation, transmission 
and distribution. 
Alok Srivastava: 
Okay. Got it, sir. So sir, here, there is a possibility that there could be a rating upgrade of some 
of these entities and you can have write-backs also at a later point? Because if I'm not wrong, 
TANGEDCO had a C- rating? 
Vijay Kumar Singh: 
Overall rating, there will obviously be impact, and they'll be rerated again. All these three 
utilities will be rerated again. And you may note that distribution utility rating is dependent on 
the rating being done by the Ministry of Power. I'm sure their rating will go up and similarly for 
Genco also. Some of the assets have recently paid to their lender, we were not the lender for 
those projects. This will also improve the overall financials of the generation company. So our 
understanding is that all the three companies will have improved rating going forward. 
Harsh Baweja: 
Once the improved rating is there, and you have rightly mentioned that, that will impact our ECL 
provisioning also that will also, to some extent, develop. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Suraj Das from Sundaram Asset Managers. 
Suraj Das: 
Congratulations on a good set of result. Sir, on your Slide 20, where you gave your loan portfolio 
and ECL provision. If I see the longer-term trained on that thing. Just wanted to understand two 
things. One, sir, on the private sector side, in the generation and renewables, your PCR coverage 
on Stage 1 and 2 is continuously coming down. So for example, in March '23, it was something 
like more than 100 basis points, which is now 60 basis points. Similarly, on renewable, it is 
something like 230, 240 basis points. Now it has come down to 60 basis points. 

 
 
REC Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
So just wanted to understand what is the rationale behind this? Is this -- I mean, and at the same 
time, you are growing the renewable book also. So is it because your ECL PD assumptions are 
lower, because you don't have any significant delinquency over the past few years? Or is it a 
conscious choice? 
Harsh Baweja: 
Sir, can you please repeat the question? I'm not able to hear you perfectly, sir? 
Suraj Das: 
Yes. Sir, I'll repeat it. So if I see the Stage 1 and Stage 2 provision for the private sector in 
Generation and Renewables segment, it is now 60 and 62 basis points, respectively, this quarter. 
This number, let us say, in March '23, 4, 5 quarters back, it was something like 100 and 230 
basis points. So this number is continuously coming down. So just wanted to understand what 
is the rationale behind this? Because we are also growing the renewable book. And you are also 
reducing the Stage 1 and 2 provision on both the segments. So what is the rationale, sir? 
Vijay Kumar Singh: 
So I think you might have seen that our renewable book is growing quarter-on-quarter, year-on-
year basis. Now there are some projects which are under construction, have not achieved COD. 
Also, there are projects which have achieved COD and there are some refinancing projects also, 
which we mentioned during the earlier answers. 
So during the construction stage, the provisioning remains high, which is close to 1% as per the 
ECL methodology. And once the project achieves the COD, the ECL provision comes down by 
40 bps. So as the projects continue to achieve COD, this provisioning will also come down. 
But then, if there's addition of under construction project, there will be change in this particular 
provisioning. So all will depend on the mix of the under construction and commission project, 
which will get reflected in overall provisioning in the renewable energy sector. 
Harsh Baweja: 
Number two, the PD of these projects of renewable sector have also been improved, so which 
has resulted in lesser ECL provisioning also. 
Suraj Das: 
Understood, sir. Very clear. And the second question, similarly on the infrastructure sector, both 
core and E&M, your provision on the Stage 1 and 2 is only 8 basis points. So should not it be 
higher sales because, I mean, at least 40, 50 basis points would be the initial provision to begin 
with or... 
Vijay Kumar Singh: 
Actually, what happens that, in case of infrastructure project, most of our funding is to the 
government sector.  And out of this, the maximum are against the state government guarantee. 
So as per our ECL approved policy, the weightage of the PD and LGD is lesser than in case of 
the project is secured by the government guarantee. So that may be the reason what you are 
mentioning here, why it is in case of I&L, it is less. 
Suraj Das: 
Okay. Sure. So for private sector also, you have government guarantee. Is that what you were 
implying? 

 
 
REC Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Harsh Baweja: 
No, no, no. That is not the case, sir. Private sector is on the basis of the outstanding figure. As 
regards to the provisioning on the private sector, it is absolutely based on the ECL model for 
which we have the PD and LGD, which is done by independent third party ICRA. 
Suraj Das: 
Sure, sir. Got it. And last question is, sir, if I see the first half, your disbursement has been 
something like INR90,000 crores. What is the disbursement that you are expecting in the second 
half? 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: 
Yes. Last year, you might have noticed that our total disbursement was around INR161,000 
crores. This year, our disbursement may go up to INR190,000 crores. Another INR1 lakh crore 
disbursement is expected in H2. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreepal Doshi from Equirus. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Congratulations on a decent quarter. So my first question was on sanction pipeline. So what is 
the cumulative sanction pipeline in the Renewable Energy and in the Infrastructure Project 
segment? 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: 
Let me first cover the Renewable sector. Last year, our total sanction was INR136,000 crores. 
And this year, we have sanctioned more than INR60,000 crores. Another projects of more than 
INR80,000 crores are there which we'll be considering for sanction in the H2. 
With regard to Infrastructure and Logistics, as I have clarified that we are going slow on 
Infrastructure and Logistics sector because our hands are full with conventional generation, 
transmission and distribution as well as the renewable sector. We'll finance only those 
Infrastructure and Logistics sector where revenue cash flows are assured, asset quality is good, 
entity is good. So last year, in first year of 2022-23, when government has allowed us to diversify 
into non-power infrastructure and logistics, that year, we sanctioned projects worth INR85,000 
crores. But last year, it came down to INR40,000 crores. And this year, we will be able to 
maintain the same at the rate of INR40,000 crores to INR50,000 crores in the current financial 
year. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it. Got it, sir. That's helpful. Sir, the other question was, last quarter, we had highlighted 
about this account in Andhra Pradesh, which was seeing some issue. So is the cash flow now 
back to normalcy? Or have you seen any improvement there? 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: 
Yes. A lot of improvement has happened with regard to repayment coming out of the overdues 
from Andhra Pradesh utilities.  
Harsh Baweja: 
They have made some good amount of payments in the month of October itself. So things are 
coming on track. 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: 
And by November or by December, all the dues will start getting paid. 

 
 
REC Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Okay. Okay. So we'll see complete normalcy for that account or even on provisioning side by 
December? 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, sorry to interrupt, the management line has been disconnected. Ladies 
and gentlemen, thank you for patiently holding. The management line has been connected. Mr. 
Shreepal, please go ahead with your question. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
So I was just asking that since that account has started repaying. And by December, you expect 
complete repayment for the dues. So will we see the reversal on the provision side as well for 
this account by December? 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: 
Naturally, there will be reversal of more than INR100 crores. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it, sir. And then, just one last question, which was like on the growth side. So while 
repayment rates are a little higher. So despite that, our growth guidance on loan book side will 
remain in the range of 15% to 17% or there could be some downside as well because of the 
higher repayment? 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: 
No. Now in Q3, Q4, it is going to be about 17% and may go up to 20% also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Preethi from UTI Mutual Funds. 
Preethi: 
So my question is on the market share comment that you made. So could you help us understand 
the current market size and how the split right now between NBFC, banks and bonds? And 
follow-up to that is, do you expect the competitive intensity for the sector go up given the healthy 
asset qualities and also the structural power sector value chain that we've seen the structural 
trends that we've seen in the power sector value chain. That's my question. 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: 
The question pertaining to market share, let me first answer that. In power sector, conventional 
generation, transmission, distribution, as you might have noticed that our loan portfolio is mainly 
in conventional generation, transmission, distribution and only 9% is there in the renewable 
sector and infrastructure and logistics, about 11%. About 80% is in conventional transmission 
and distribution and generation sector. The market share of REC and PFC is about 20% each 
and remaining 60% is with other financial institutions. 
The same market share, we will be able to hold on to the renewable energy space also. There is 
the total requirement for achieving 500 gigawatt of installed capacity from renewable energy. 
We already achieved 200 gigwatt and another 300 gigawatt capacity will come. 
For the renewable energy installation of 300 gigawatt additional capacity, roughly INR15 lakh 
crore will be required. Then associated transmission line in the form of green energy corridor 
and storage solution is also required. Out of this total requirement of about INR15 lakh crore to 
INR20 lakh crores, we are targeting a humble pie of 20% of INR15 lakh crores, which we are 
estimating on conservative basis, i.e. at least INR3 lakh crores will come from to our renewable 

 
 
REC Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
energy portfolio. But it can go up if the sanctions gets faster and accordingly it might go up to 
more than 20% also, but minimum 20% we will be able to capture of renewable sector business. 
With regard to power sector overall, you might have seen that power demand has been increasing 
at the rate of 8% to 9% from the last 2 years. And this trend is going to continue, as India is 
trying to become a developed country by year 2047 i.e. in next 23 to 24 years. 
The power demand will keep increasing. As you might have noticed the per capita consumption 
of electricity in India is only 1/3rd of the world average. When we are trying to become a 
developed country, per capita consumption of electricity is bound to grow and to be more than 
the world average like developed countries such as U.S.A., other countries, where the per capita 
consumption of electricity is about 11x to 12x of the world average. But we have followed a 
sustainable path. Right now, per capita emission of carbon dioxide is also 1/3rd of the world 
average. 
But as we pursue to become a developed country, our per capita consumption of electricity is 
bound to grow, and it will be reaching about 4x to 5x of the world average. But per capita 
emission of carbon dioxide will not grow to that extent, and we'll be able to maintain 1/3rd of the 
world average only with regard to the emission of carbon dioxide. 
Any other questions, Preethi? 
Preethi: 
Yes. My question was on the competitive intensity from banks or the debt market banks. 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: 
Yes, competition from banks will be there, particularly renewable energy sector. Because a lot 
of financial institutions are there. But even then, we'll be able to hold on because the advantage 
with respect to REC is that we can give longer tenure loan. Our tenure of the loan can go up to 
85% of the project's life. 
So normally, if the project life is about 20, 25 years, and then tenure of loan can go up to 18 to 
20 years. While banks typically give loans for a tenure 10 to 12 years only. And that we can take 
a larger expose in a single project 30% of our Tier 1 capital, i.e. about INR20,000 crores. We 
can do sole lending to the tune of INR20,000 crores. That is the inherent advantage which is 
there with REC as compared to other banks. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanket Chheda from DAM Capital. 
Sanket Chheda: 
Yes. Good quarter. Just to check on the recovery spent. Now in case of KSK Mahanadi, we 
already know and I think that it did to be over and above 30% that's first? And second, one 
Hiranmaye and Sinnar, while we say more than 50%, but what's the sense on recovery? Can it 
be more than 70%, 80% the way we have seen this change in KSK Mahanadi? So yes. 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: 
For KSK Mahanadi, let me first clarify it. NCLT has already allowed disbursement of the funds 
lying in the trust and retention account to all the lenders. About INR12,000 crores are already 
there in the trust and retention account. About INR6500 crores has already been allowed to be 

 
 
REC Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
distributed among the lenders. And based on the bids for KSK Mahanadi, the recovery is going 
to be more than 100% with regard to outstanding admitted claims, more than 100% we are 
getting actually.  
In Sinnar, our exposure is INR2,231 crores, and we had made provisioning of 80%. The 
Admitted claim in Sinnar is INR15,909 crores. 
Harsh Baweja: 
In Sinnar, we are expecting a recovery of around 55%, which is more than the ECL already 
provided. And as regards the Hiranmaye is concerned, we are expecting a recovery of around 
82%, and we have made a provision of 50%. So on ECL provisioning, we will be getting a 
reversal for that. 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: 
As I have mentioned, the overall reversal that we are expecting more than INR1,500 crores from 
these three projects. 
Sanket Chheda: 
Okay. sir. And there was a less accretion in AUM this quarter. I understand it was due to higher 
repayment from LIS LPL than in the same quarter last year. But from here on, the accretion to 
AUM should be normalized, right? And while we guide for 15%, 20%, is 17%, 18% right 
number to go with as far as expectation is concerned? 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: 
Yes, Sanket, this I have already replied. I mentioned that the range will be 15% to 20%. Some 
quarter, it will be 15%, some quarter, it will be 17%, some quarter it will be 20%. On an average, 
we are expecting that growth in AUM would be around 17% to 18%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Nigania from Bernstein. 
Nikhil Nigania: 
Just one question. This is regarding the Rooftop Solar scheme, which REC is used to be part of. 
I wanted to understand what is the role REC will play? And what is the loan security mechanism 
for these loans? 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: 
Nikhil, REC has been given the task of National Program Implementation Agency. Our main 
job is to coordinate with the various stakeholders like consumers, distribution companies, 
vendors and the banks. We are not into retail financing. 
The retail financing for the Rooftop Solar is being done by the public sector banks at the rate of 
7% interest rate, they are giving the loan. We are not targeting to finance this retail business of 
Rooftop Solar. However, if some aggregators, vendors or PSUs are there, who are going to 
implement this Rooftop Solar on large scale, there, we are going to finance those aggregated 
vendors. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jigar Jani from B&K Securities. 
Jigar Jani: 
Just one on the margins, given assuming that the interest rates cuts do not happen very soon, 
how confident are we of maintaining the current margin of about 3.6%. Is there a range that we 
should kind of maintain over the rest of the year? 

 
 
REC Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: 
Yes, Jigar, let me assure you that, we'll be able to hold on the net interest margin of more than 
3.6%. The broad range is 3.5% to 3.75%, but it is definitely going to be more than 3.6%. Because 
we are getting more of coal-based thermal capacity addition that is going to happen, and there 
our margins are quite good. And in fact, in renewable sector also our average interest rate is 
more than 9.5%. While in respect of this conventional generation, it is more than 10.5%. Thus, 
we'll be able to hold on to our net interest margin of more than 3.6%. 
Jigar Jani: 
Right, sir. And just lastly on, there was one special loan disbursement of about INR8,000 crores 
this quarter. Could you just throw some light what is that special loan? 
Vijay Kumar Singh: 
Of course, some of the agencies actually need this special loan for a long-term tenure or not long 
term, but rather medium term for 5 to 7 years. These loans are advanced to very few utilities for 
multiple purposes. Like Punjab, for example, is not availing CapEx loan for very small scheme. 
They have taken a special loan, and that could be deployed for the CapEx purposes only. And 
they are taking only for 6, 7, 8 years. So such loans constitute especially loan for us. 
Jigar Jani: 
So these are not short term, right, like RBPF? 
Vijay Kumar Singh: 
Yes, these are not short term. These are relatively medium-term loans. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today's conference call. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: 
I would like to thank all the participants for asking very pertinent questions. And hopefully, we 
have been able to address all the questions. And let me assure all of you that, we will be able to 
sustain the growth rate of minimum17% in the next 3 to 4 years to come. And our asset under 
management is definitely going to be more than INR10 lakh crore and it is likely to be earlier 
than 2030. That's what I can assure you. Thank you so much, and happy Diwali to all of you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Elara Securities Private Limited, that concludes the conference call. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
