 
 
                 
 
 
Corporate office 
: 207/208, Udyog Bhavan, Sonawala Road, Goregaon (East), Mumbai – 400 063. Maharashtra, India. 
  Tel: +91 22  40332727 / 66942507  
Fax : +91 22 26860011            GSTIN: 27AALCS8686A1ZX 
 CIN: L51900MH2008PLC180452  E-mail: supriya@supriyalifescience .com   Website: www.supriyalifescience.com 
 
Factory                 : A-5/2, Lote Parshuram Industrial Area, M.I.D.C.  Tal.– Khed, Dist. – Ratnagiri, Pin :415 722, Maharashtra, India. 
                                          Tel: +91 2356 272299          Fax: +91 2356 272178           E-mail: factory@supriyalifescience.com  
 
GOVT. RECOGNISED EXPORT HOUSE 
 
 
Date: November 4, 2024 
 
To,                                                                          To,                                
BSE Limited                                                         National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers                                   Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Dalal Street, 
                                                     Bandra Kurla Complex 
Mumbai – 400 001                                                 Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543434                                              Scrip Symbol: SUPRIYA                                      
 
Dear Sir (s), 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Call for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 
2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 we hereby enclose the transcript of the Earnings call held on Monday, October 28, 2024 at 03.30 P.M. 
IST to discuss operational and financial performance of the Company for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2024 (Q2 & H1 of FY 2024-25). 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Supriya Lifescience Limited 
 
 
 
Shweta Singh 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A44973 
 
 
SHWETA 
SHIVDHARI 
SINGH
Digitally signed by SHWETA SHIVDHARI SINGH 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=5ed61118f9524963913aab8b2dd2f85
8, 
2.5.4.20=7ecd6cc212b10d907bb2883c588d6eb1d
1f28d80e13dba2ebd6975df438869e5, 
postalCode=400097, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=b696ab674736edaacabe9d4e9a63a
e406ea0e6dd83072b0cf6fa56593bffa9dd, 
cn=SHWETA SHIVDHARI SINGH 
Date: 2024.11.04 15:06:31 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Supriya Lifescience Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SATISH WAGH – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN & 
WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, SUPRIYA LIFESCIENCE 
LIMITED 
DR. SALONI WAGH – MANAGING DIRECTOR, SUPRIYA 
LIFESCIENCE LIMITED 
MR. KRISHNA RAGHUNATHAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, SUPRIYA LIFESCIENCE LIMITED 
MODERATORS: MS. PRACHI AMBRE – ORIENT CAPITAL 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q2 FY25 earnings conference call of Supriya 
Lifescience Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Prachi Ambre from Orient Capital. Thank you and over 
to you, Ms. Ambre. 
Prachi Ambre: 
Thank you, Shlok. Good afternoon everyone on behalf of Supriya Lifescience Limited I extend 
a very warm welcome to all the participants. 
Before we begin the call I would like to give a short disclaimer: 
This call may contain some of the forward-looking statements which are completely based upon 
our beliefs, expectations as of today. The statements are not a guarantee of our future 
performance and involve unforeseen risks and uncertainties. 
With this, I would like to hand over the call to Satish sir, Executive Chairman & Whole-time 
Director for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. Thank you. 
Satish Wagh: 
Good afternoon and warm welcome to all the participants. Thank you for joining us today to 
discuss the Q2 & H1 Financial Year ‘25 Results of Supriya Lifescience Limited. 
To take us through the Results and answers to your questions along with me, Dr. Saloni Wagh 
– Managing Director; Mr. Krishna Raghunathan – Chief Financial Officer and our Investor 
Relations Team, Orient Capital. 
I hope everyone had an opportunity to go through the “Financial Results” and “Investor 
Presentation” which we have uploaded on the stock exchange and on our company website. 
We are excited to share that Q2 Financial Year ‘25 has been another successful quarter for us. 
Revenue surged 19% year-on-year to Rs. 166 crores. We have achieved an EBITDA margin of 
39% and a PAT margin of 28%. Underscoring our operational excellence and strong financial 
performance, Supriya Lifesciences Limited is committed to strengthening its position as a strong 
API manufacturer. 
Our strategic focus remains on expanding our product portfolio while enhancing our presence in 
regulated market and maintaining robust margins. Over the years, Supriya has transformed from 
a generic OTC provider to an innovator within high margin regulated markets. 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
Our export contribution has increased to 83% in Q2 Financial Year ‘25, up from 81 in Q2 
Financial Year ‘24. LATAM has shown strong growth with its share increasing to 19%, this 
quarter from 13% in the same period last year. We have also seen positive momentum in other 
regions, including North America and Africa, further driving our global expansion. Our diverse 
customer base of 1,700 plus clients across 128 countries provides a strong foundation for our 
strategic shift. 
We have developed a promising pipeline of new products that extends beyond our expertise in 
anti-stimulants, incorporating anesthetics, anti-anxiety, medications, anti-diabetic and more. To 
further accelerate our CMO and CDMO business, the new formulation facility in Ambernath has 
already started commercial production from Q4, Financial Year ‘24. Additionally, the validation 
of module E is underway with commercial production anticipated by Q3 Financial Year ‘25. 
Upon successful completion of this capacity, revamping our total production capacity will nearly 
double, reaching approximately 1,020 KL. We are confident in achieving our (+20%) revenue 
growth guidance maintaining strong margins. We expect this year to be our highest in terms of 
EBITDA and PAT margin compared to previous years. 
Our goal is to double the revenue to Rs. 1,000 crore by Financial Year ‘27 focusing on high 
margin niche markets. We remain committed to expanding exciting molecules in regulated 
markets and fast track the commercialization of new products. As we transition into a leading 
API manufacturer with exceptional capabilities, we are leveraging CM opportunities to diversify 
and strengthen our revenue stream. 
I will now hand over to our CFO, Sri Krishna Raghunathan to present the financial highlights of 
Q2 Financial Year ‘25. 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Hello, everyone and good afternoon. I will now share the “Operational Performance” of the 
quarter and following which we will open the floor for questions-and-answers. 
In Q2FY25, our revenue from operations rose to INR 166 crores, reflecting a 19% year-on-year 
growth from INR 140 crore in Q2FY24. This momentum carried through the first half of 
Financial Year ‘25 with revenue reaching around INR 327 crore, a 20% increase over INR 272 
crore in H1FY24. Our EBITDA performance was also impressive with Q2 FY25 EBITDA 
doubling to INR 64.7 crore from INR 31.7 crore in the same quarter last year, resulting in an 
EBITDA margin of 39% up from 23%. 
For H1 FY25 EBITDA reached INR 127.3 crore, a 68% increase compared to INR 76 crore in 
H1 FY24. On the bottomline, PAT nearly doubled in Q2FY25 reaching INR 46 crore compared 
to INR 24 crore in Q2FY24. Our PAT margin for the quarter improved significantly to 28% up 
from 17% a year ago. For the first half of FY25, PAT was INR 91 crore, a 73% increase from 
INR 52 crores in H1 FY24 with PAT margins reaching 28% up from 19%. 
Our annualized asset turnover ratio has strengthened to 2.2 this quarter compared to 2.1 in the 
corresponding period last year. We continue to uphold a strong financial position with a debt to 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
equity ratio of 0.01. Significantly, we have maintained a conservative approach to borrowing by 
utilizing only letter of credits and bank guarantees without tapping into working capital limits. 
Now we can open the floor for questions and answers. Thank you, all of you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question comes 
from the line of Aditya Pal from MSA Capital Partners. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Pal: 
I wanted to quickly understand from you that we've got 15 products that are now backward 
integrated. They generate 74% of our revenues and this has sharply improved from 69 last 
quarter. Wanted to understand from you, is that the reason that our gross margin improved 
significantly. And a sub point to that would be that are all these backward integrated products 
that the 15 products that we've highlighted, are they all registered in regulated markets? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Yes, backward integration definitely helps in improving the margins because we do not 
outsource any advanced intermediates from outside. We make our own advanced intermediates 
right from the basic stage. So, backward integration definitely helps in bringing the cost down. 
One of the other reasons also for the margin improvement is you know better penetration into 
regulated market. If you see for most of the regulated markets like North America, Latin 
America, and Europe, our sales has gone up. So, penetration into regulated markets where the 
average selling prices for the products are higher also adds to the margin improvement. Yes, 
most of the products that we manufacture about 15, they are fully backward integrated and most 
of these are already present in regulated markets. However, we are still expecting USDMF, we 
are also expecting registration of some of these products in markets like Japan, Europe. By 
hopefully quarter two of next year, we should mostly have CEPs and USDMF for all the 
products. But yes, the 15 products are mainly into more regulated markets 
Aditya Pal: 
I also wanted to know, so you all went for the CPHI Milan conference and I was seeing the 
banners of Supriya on LinkedIn also and phenomenal, I would say, the entire team that went 
with you. So, wanted to know how was the trip, what was the feedback that you received from 
the formulator, from the innovator that came there. Any new takeaways from the trip? 
Saloni Wagh: 
I think the show was a great opportunity to showcase all the new products that we have launched. 
We have had a very good presence in CPHI for over 20 years and all our customers have also 
seen the growth happening in the company. We had a lot of new products coming up in our 
portfolio from anesthetic, anti-diabetic categories plus the launch of our new Ambernath site 
which is focused on contract manufacturing for finished formulation. So, a lot of new 
opportunities are on the cards. They have been approached by a lot of new companies for the 
newer products, as well as for some of our existing products we are seeing great traction in 
regulated markets. All in all, I would say that the show was a very successful one for us, and 
you can see the commercial implications of the show happening in the next coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investments. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
Pritesh Chheda: 
I have a few questions. If you could tell us the capacity utilization pre and post this expansion 
that is being undertaken? My second question is whether the cost of the expanded capacity, 1,020 
kiloliters, is it a part of P&L or is it going to be a part of P&L? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, I'll answer the first part of the question. Before module E got introduced, we were at almost 
550 KL capacity. And our capacity utilization was upwards of 76%, which is the optimized 
capacity utilization, considering that it is a multipurpose facility. The module E has just been 
added. We have completed the validation. We are expecting to start the commercial production 
in quarter three. So, once that is done, it would take us at least one and a half to two years to 
have maximum utilization of this new added capacity. And for the second half, Krishna will 
answer. 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
 Basically, when it comes to the cost of module E, see, there could be another couple of crores 
which can get added up to the P&L as of now. There would be what do you call around 30-40 
personnel which we might add and the power cost which will increase. Basically, we also see a 
saving in power cost overall because we have already initialized solar power for the plant and 
that will give us some bit of a saving which has already started. So, to answer your question, 
yea, might be a couple of crores on the OpEx front can get added up apart from EBITDA on the 
power side. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Couple of crores per month, couple of crores per quarter? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Not per month, it would be per quarter. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, in your last call you had mentioned that your H2 will be better than H1. So, are you sticking 
to that thought process or there is any change there? On the topline, yes of course we will have 
an improvement when compared to H1. And what about margins? 
Saloni Wagh: 
On the margin front also, definitely we think like our chairman said in his speech also, in terms 
of the absolute EBITDA value and the PAT value, we definitely think that this would be our 
best year so far. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, basically H2 should be better than H1 on an overall basis? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Yes. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And my last question is, when you look at the half yearly margin number and when you look at 
your commentary for H2 versus that you guys have given a guidance of 30% only in the EBITDA 
margin? So, how should we read both these statements? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, we have also informed this after our first quarter results that we are definitely expecting 
better margin profile for the rest of the year. Quarter-on-quarter margin variation will be there 
because it is purely a function of product mix and geographic mix. But like I said, if you look at 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
the annualized number in terms of the absolute EBITDA and PAT value, it will definitely be our 
highest so far. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And this expanded capacity of 500 KL, can you help us with the utilization ramp up possibility 
year one, year two, year three and what is the total revenue potential out of this capacity? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, revenue potential at this point, I will not be able to say because it depends on the product 
that we are going to put in this plant. But it will take us at least two years to get to complete 
utilization of this new module. It will start the commercial production will start in quarter three. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, two years means should we say FY27 where you reach the full utilization? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Yes. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
On an exit quarterly basis ‘27 or full year basis 27? 
Saloni Wagh: 
On two-year basis by ‘27, by end of FY27 we will be able to utilize full capacity of this new….. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
so that means exit quarterly basis. Exit quarterly FY27 will be a full utilization? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirali Shah from Ashika Stock Broking. Please 
go ahead. 
Nirali Shah: 
I have two very good questions. First one is on the Brazil. So, we were registering some 8 
products in the Brazil geography. So, any update on that registration status? And if you could 
add on any color on the market opportunity for these products in quantitative terms? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Yes, so like we have mentioned in the past also, the Latin American market is one of our focused 
markets and we have done extensive registration in Brazil for at least 9 of our products. We even 
cleared the ANVISA audit without zero observations beginning of this year. And you can see 
the revenue growth happening in the Latin American market. It has gone up from 9% to almost 
19% in this quarter. And you can expect a similar trend moving forward also when some of the 
other products also start getting traction. 
Nirali Shah: 
Just one more on the cancer detection. So, has any progress on the clinical trial? I guess we had 
an identified partner also. So, is there any progress on that? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, yes, at the moment, we are in the process of filing all our international patents. So, we have 
already selected a first cut of countries, countries like Korea, Thailand, Indonesia, Philippines, 
where we are now filing the patent in those respective countries. Also, we expect that this activity 
would be completed in the next 2 or 3 months, after which we will start with the clinical trials 
and all the other related information. So, in the next 2 to 3 years, you can expect the 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
commercialization of the project. But yes, it is very much on track and the filing of the patent 
has already started in a lot of other markets other than India as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Pal from MSA Capital Partners. Please 
go ahead. 
Aditya Pal: 
I was trying to reconcile the capacity that is there in the presentation, as well as that you were 
discussing that capacity will be increased to 1,020 KL per day. So, I am not able to reconcile. 
Can you help me with the numbers? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, it is approximately 550. Currently, our capacity out of the A, B, C, D blocks where we are 
operating, it is approximately 540 KL. And then we are adding about 400 odd KL capacity with 
the new module E which is coming in. And then we are also adding the Ambernath site which 
is about 70 KL. So, all in all put together, it would be about 1,020 KL in terms of capacity. 
Aditya Pal: 
I'm getting thousands with all the numbers that I have. Alright, I'll take this offline with you, so 
that's not an issue. Just another data point that I wanted was that, so 83% from exports, if I were 
to bifurcate it between regulated and semi-regulated market, what would be the split?  
Saloni Wagh: 
So, for us, approximately 50% to 51% would be regulated markets, and then the balance would 
be the semi-regulated markets and a little bit of the domestic market. But over 50%, I think about 
52% or 53% is regulated. 
Aditya Pal: 
Understood. One last question that I had was trying to understand the raw material status of 
Supriya. So, which would be that one key raw material that Supriya requires to start because we 
are backward integrated, so we are not really reliant on the inputs. But if I were to say, one key 
raw material that you need to start production? 
Saloni Wagh: 
No, so for us, if you look at our product portfolio, and it is also one of our key strengths, it is 
very diverse in terms of the processes we are able to handle in-house. There is no one common 
raw material that there is a high dependence. Each product has its own starting raw material, and 
we are backward integrated up to the basic chemical stage. I mean, mostly these basic chemicals 
are available across different industries. They are not very specific to pharma as well. So, they 
are cheaply and widely available across the globe. So, as such, I would not say there is any 
dependence on any key starting material for us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Richa from Equitymaster. Please go ahead. 
Richa: 
So, my question is, if you could share some updates on how CDMO and CMO opportunities are 
shaping up, I think you had earlier mentioned that there would be some revenue contribution 
from third quarter. So, what kind of visibility do we have for this year and maybe for the next 2, 
3 years from this CDMO-CMO phase? 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, the CMO-CDMO opportunities are moving fairly well. We already have started seeing some 
contribution from one of our European CMO opportunities which will get reflected in Quarter 3 
of this year. So, overall they are moving well. The full effect of the CMO-CDMO, you will be 
able to see in the next 2 years. Our anticipation is that in the next 3 years it should contribute 
closer to 20% of the total revenue. 
Richa: 
And my second question is that your guidance for EBITDA margin had been in the range of 
28% to 30%. And that is conservative as compared to what we have seen in the recent quarters. 
Is this because you expect the share from regulated markets to come down over next 2 to 3 years? 
Or what is the reason for that conservative guidance? 
Saloni Wagh: 
No, actually after the first quarter earnings call, we have already said that we would like to revise 
our margin guidance. It will definitely be higher than 28% to 30%. Like I said, in what range of 
30s it would be, it completely depends in that quarter on the product mix and the geographic 
mix. But what we would like to say is that in terms of the absolute EBITDA and the absolute 
PAT value, you will definitely see a growth from this year onwards. 
Richa: 
And can you also share, after this year, what is the plan for CAPEX? Is there any meaningful 
CAPEX plan by the company or budgeted so far? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
The current year, we will be closing the module E and Ambernath facility. And I think beyond 
which we might have to take up the module A, B, C for our repairs. I think which would be to 
the tune of around Rs. 100 crores, which will be taking it over phases. I think that is something 
which we are planning at this stage and the best of it would be the normal CAPEX, which would 
be the maintenance CAPEX for the existing modules, that's all. Other than that, we don't 
anticipate. The next wave, if at all if it has to come would be the next level of expansions in 
Patalganga. That would be something which we would be looking at around another 2.5 to 3 
years down the line is what we are thinking. 
Richa: 
And so my last question is that for FY27 you shared a guidance of Rs. 1,000 crores. Does that 
include any contribution from oral cancer detection kit and Scar-Free gel? And if not, how is 
that shaping up both these areas and by what year can we expect any kind of significant 
breakthrough or developments in this regard? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, no, it does not include any projections from the oral cancer kit. As of now, we don't have 
any projections in hand because this is still in clinical trials, but definitely the overall global 
market for cancer detection kits is very large. So, we can expect some commercial revenue to 
start coming in the next three years’ time. And right now, we will not be having any number to 
give you. But it will take at least 3 years for this product to commercialize. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prateek Kothari. Please go ahead. 
Prateek Kothari: 
Ma'am, one question. So, when we say backward integrated, how do we define that or how 
backward integrated are we and where do we start when it comes to any molecule that we do? 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, backward integration means that we do not rely on any advanced intermediate outsourcing 
from outside. In API, usually N minus one is equivalent to a final product. Most of the API 
manufacturing companies before COVID, they were outsourcing N minus one or N minus two 
and then only doing one or two stages in-house. Once you are getting the N minus 2, N minus 
1, it is as good as you're getting the final product and just doing the powder processing, which 
is the final step. In this case, you have very little control on the costing of the product. In our 
case, we are backward integrated all the way up to the key starting raw material level. So, in 
many products, we manufacture in-house as much as eight or nine steps. So, basic raw materials, 
which are the basic inputs in our product. These are available cheaply and widely. And these are 
just basic chemicals, not only restricted to the pharma industry. So, as such, there is no scarcity, 
shortage, or dependence on any one country for availability of these key starting raw materials. 
When you get these, usually the contribution of these key starting raw materials to the final price 
of the API is also not very high. So, that is how you get a complete grip on the costing of your 
product, and it helps to bring the costs down. So, this is why since the inception of the company, 
our Chairman and our philosophy has been focusing on backward integration. Not only does it 
help with the cost angle, it also definitely helps in the supply chain continuity. Also impurity 
profiling as far as regulatory is concerned, you have a far better grip as compared to when you 
are getting advanced intermediates from outside. 
Prateek Kothari: 
In terms of identifying new products or getting into something new, this would also be a key 
criteria for us before we develop a new product. 
Saloni Wagh: 
Yes, so eventually when we launch a new product, we try to scale up that product in semi-
regulated markets and once it has reached a certain size, then we start focusing on backward 
integration. Since we take the product, the eventual plan is that yes we want to be fully backward 
integrated but we do it in a phase-wise manner. 
Prateek Kothari: 
Correct and then for the last 3, 4 years our gross margins used to be in 60s and for past 2 quarters, 
at least we are in 70s. So, this is just a function of we shifting our focus to regulated markets or 
is this something else too? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Yes, it is only us focusing on more regulated market. Most of the products that we have in the 
current portfolio, they are mature products where we already have backward integration, where 
we have already got all the regulatory approvals. Also, these products are doing really well in 
regulated markets and that is why you see the improvement in the gross margins as well as in 
the EBITDA. What will happen is that in the Quarter 3, quarter 4 when we start adding new 
products into the product mix, there will be some level of margin dilution which will happen 
because new products usually scale up first in semi-regulated markets and then they mature into 
more regulated markets. Also, that's why we believe that there would be some slight margin 
dilution. But of course, we will grow in terms of revenue 20% plus year-on-year. And with that, 
definitely there will be an improvement in absolute EBITDA and the PAT numbers. 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Prateek Kothari: 
Correct. And then last on the LATAM opportunity, when we are seeing that in numbers too, 
right? I mean, it's proportion is increasing very quickly. So, one factor which was playing in our 
favor was this Chinese players did not have this GMP compliance and that is where we came in. 
So, how hard is it for them to get this GMP compliance? And then are you seeing any changes 
on their side where they have started taking this to kind of complete with us? 
Dr. Satish Wagh: 
See, basically, if you see in China, nobody bothers for GMP at all because so far, couple of 
years, everybody was greedy to buy from China and get the profits on a more higher side. In our 
case, we have decided that we will do everything at our end because we have GMP, CGMP, 
USFDA, EUGMP, all factors in our favor. So, we consider our own policy and our things that 
we will manufacture rather than going to buy from China. So, we don't worry about China and 
even if you say and go to them and put GMP, they will not get GMP for another 10 years. That 
much we know because we have been going to China for at least not less than 25 years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aashish Upganlawar from InvesQ PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Most of my questions have been answered, but just to understand, sir, historically our margins 
have been kind of high, but there has been volatility across the years. The last instance was 
because our Chinese customer, I think there was a drop. So, we had a big jolt on the margins. 
So, now that you've recovered to close to 40%, how do we read this actually? Because today 
everything is going well, probably the mindset is strong and also there are issues with GMP as 
you mentioned now for the Chinese players. So, is there any threat to these margins again being 
volatile over the years, any inventory situation and customer, anything else that you would like 
to highlight? Or this is going to be stable yet at this kind of margin? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, like I said before also, see quarter-on-quarter, there will be some volatility in the margins 
because it depends on which product is going in which geography. And most of our products, 
some of them have already matured in regulated markets. Some are still under registration. We 
will also be launching a lot of new products which will first scale up in semi-regulated markets. 
So, depending on the product and geographic mix, you can expect that quarter-on-quarter, still 
be a little bit of volatility in the margin. But what we would like to highlight here is on that 
annualized basis, we are expecting our margin trend to be somewhere between that 32% to 34% 
moving forward. And year-on-year, definitely you will see that in terms of the actual growth in 
the EBITDA number and the PAT number that you will be able to see very clearly. Quarter-on-
quarter guidance, we will not like to give but annualized basis like I said 32% to 34% is 
something moving forward also we are confident that we will be able to maintain. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Yes, my point was mostly related to how do we look on an annualized basis. So, if I have to take 
a view as to going 2 years ahead, will these margins suffice? So, you said to say that base would 
be 32% to 34% but one cannot say whether this 39 will stay stable or is it going to go down or 
up? That's what the reading is. Am I right here? 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Saloni Wagh: 
Yes, so 32% to 34% would be stabilized because what will also happen is that we are introducing 
a lot of new products in the portfolio. Currently, what revenue you are looking at is mainly our 
existing mature products in regulated markets. But as we grow, our revenue base is also going 
to grow. The products which we are going to add, it will be more diverse portfolio. So, with us 
growing much larger in topline, there will definitely be some dilution in the margin. But if you 
look at the absolute number of EBITDA, what we are doing today and what we will do in the 
next 2 years, you will see a significant growth. 
Dr.Satish Wagh 
I would like to add on this one more. I will tell you the Supriya's ideology. See, we don't 
manufacture any product which are being manufactured in India and we fight with Indian 
manufacturers. This is very clear. What we are going to manufacture and what we are going to 
do is the products which are being catered from China to whole of the world. Now you 
understand, all over the world where it is being supplied, the plants are non-GMP plants. But 
there is no manufacturer who is having a GMP, CGMP with the supplier buyers, that is why 
people are continuing to buy. Now you have seen Latin America, there is a massive change that 
without GMP, they will not buy. Similar way, there are more and more countries which are 
coming and we will be doing only chemistry based on the products which will hit China. There, 
we are confident that we are telling our customers, please don't ask for any reduction in the price. 
This is our ideology because you should be happy that rather than a non-GMP plant, you are 
buying the material, even intermediate API from a US FDA plant. And that is being given a 
green signal to many of the multinationals and many manufacturers that they feel very much 
secured. We give end-to-end solutions. We don't buy N minus 2, N minus 3, N minus 4. We go 
for the basic, where people use cyanide. We use cyanide. We do not avoid cyanide. And we will 
give the confidence. This is our ideology. So, I'm sure we will definitely get a better EBITDA 
and better margins and security, sustainability to the business because people in the world expect 
that a good manufacturing USFDA plant is giving all this to them. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Sir, continuing on this, I just wanted to ask is for our set of products, which typically would be 
small issues that we always target, would there be competition when you are bidding for, when 
you are kind of convincing the clients to move from Chinese to your supplies? Is there 
competition for that same pie or we have a very good right to win over there and less competition 
over there? 
Dr.Satish Wagh: 
Sir, why should we say like this? Any buyer is being forced to buy because he has no alternative. 
Correct? Everybody in the world is talking about GMP, CGMP. Impurity profiles are going 
down. That means everybody is curious and wants a good quality product. So, in this case, if 
some qualified good manufacturer with all these things, with this facility comes, he will have 
some few days, but he will definitely change. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
And so we've heard this, what you said right now, I think for last 3-4 quarters. So, how much of 
a maybe all the business that we would have won on this logic of ours till now, or is it still we 
have work in progress or we have seen initial success in this endeavor of ours? 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, this is still work in progress. For some of our existing products, yes, we have seen good 
traction in Europe and Latin American markets. But this philosophy and this will come in play 
in a very large way with some of the new products that we are launching, which you will be able 
to see, hopefully, from quarter 4 of this year. But the full effect of the new products you'll be 
able to see in Quarter 3 of next financial year. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
And ex of CDMO, the new product that we are launching now, what can be the contribution? I 
understand it's very difficult to say, but what can be the contribution maybe 2 years out from 
these products on the topline at least? Is there a way to map that? Would you like to share that? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
I think it's very, very difficult to quantify, but we believe that should be in the range of around, 
say 15% is something which is a possible number to have. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Okay, so it's a material addition that new products will do to our topline. 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Of course. 
Saloni Wagh: 
Because most of these new products that we are launching, like our Chairman said, the global 
volumes of these products are extremely high, and there is a lot of dependence on a single 
manufacturer for these products. So, definitely we can expect to get very good volume traction 
as soon as we launch these products. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Great and lastly given the revenues that we have achieved in the first half I think Rs. 325 odd 
crores, it looks likely that with H2 being heavy we might be around Rs. 700 odd crores in the 
this year, so the guidance of say Rs. 1000 crores for FY27 the growth seems to be maybe the 
range of say 15 odd percent. So, is that really the picture that you would like to give us or is 
there possibility of you getting added here on the drivers and this is a very conservative estimate 
that we are talking about? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Yes, this is definitely a very conservative estimate based on whatever projects are already in 
hand and the volumes where we have very clear visibility. But definitely with the Ambernath 
facility getting launched with the module E coming in full effect and the new products also 
gaining traction in regulated markets, there is definitely a very positive upside to this number 
that we have communicated. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
So, can we talk on a base case rather than a very conservative case, maybe Rs. 1200 crore of 
topline which we used to talk maybe around IPO that we intend to achieve this Rs. 1200 crore 
mark that was the statement then. So, is that something in maybe in 27 or FY27 or you would 
not like to maybe share your thoughts on that? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
As of now, the base case is what we are looking at is Rs. 1000 crore number. I think there could 
be a lot of upsides like what Dr. Saloni has said, the higher utilization from Ambernath, the 
higher utilization from Module E. See, as of now, we haven't factored some of these numbers 
most probably during this year's budget. In fact, that is what I was just talking to the Managing 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Director as well as Chairman today morning in our board meeting that we will start this process 
now and we will try and finalize this number. See, there could be a lot of upsides to this. The 
number of Rs. 1000 crore what you are saying is a base case value that is the base case number 
we are talking about. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
So, what are the drivers for this addition that might come? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Like I said this is our existing portfolio growing in regulated markets. Some of the newer 
products getting traction in semi-regulated as well as regulated market, and then contributing to 
revenue. Of course, the CMO, CDMO opportunities that we have, both on the advanced 
intermediate API front, as well as the CMO opportunities that we have on formulations from 
Ambernath. These are going to be the 4 or 5 major growth drivers. Of course, Module E, what 
we have added, that is only going to facilitate the growth from API and the new product. 
Dr.Satish Wagh 
: 
It might be in a new therapeutic segment also. This is I can tell you. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
My point was that you are a pretty R&D focused company and your focus is very sharp. What 
kind of business that you want to do on which products and stuff. That's why I thought that if 
there are opportunities which are beyond the realm of this Rs. 1000 crore, I should know that 
was the only purpose. Anyway, maybe we will catch up one on one and try to understand more 
on where you are headed. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Shubham Harne from Purnartha Investment 
Advisers. Please go ahead. 
Shubham Harne: 
Just want to know the margin profile in LATAM market versus European market? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, we will not be able to give you numbers on country or region-specific margin profile. 
Shubham Harne: 
And do you treat LATAM as a semi-regulated market or a regulated market? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Also LATAM, we consider as a regulated market because going by our experience, because we 
recently also had ANVISA Brazil audit and we have done 9 product registration with ANVISA. 
So, given our experience, we feel the regulatory standards of Brazil and the Latin American 
markets are as stringent as USFDA or a Health Canada or EDQM. So, we classify that as a 
regulated market. 
Shubham Harne: 
And what is the status of USFDA audit which you mentioned earlier in one of the calls? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, we had our USFDA in FY20 and after that we have not had any USFDA audit but beginning 
of this year in February, we actually had a desktop EDQM and Health Canada audit, which we 
have cleared. So, we are not anticipating any USFDA audit happening immediately. We do have 
a China NMPA audit in December, but other than that, we don't have any major upcoming 
regulatory audit. 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar Bohra from MK Ventures. Please go 
ahead. 
Tushar Bohra: 
First quick clarification on the previous participant’s question. While we may not have specific 
number for LATAM, but is it safe to assume that LATAM margins are similar or maybe slightly 
better than the corporate average because the higher contribution from LATAM has not 
prevented the margin profile from being strong? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Yes, so like I said, the regulated margin profile is higher as compared to the others and we 
consider LATAM to be a regulated market. So, it would be similar. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Second, despite a very strong gross margin performance, 72%, the EBITDA margins are in line 
with last quarter, primarily because of a significantly higher operating cost. Should we assume 
that this is due to some of the buildup that we had in anticipation for new product development, 
either on research side or maybe operating cost with the new facilities have already started 
coming in from this quarter? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Yes, I think some of the formulation and also some of the R&D recruitments have already 
started, Tushar, yes you are right. 
Management: 
The new plant, even validations and all are going on. Because before launching any API, we 
have to do all validations. So, those things are going on. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Got it sir. Third, quickly on the CMO project, which I think in the previous call you mentioned 
as DSM, do we assume that this Rs. 60 crore per year starting FY27, we are being conservative 
on the maximum annual potential and or also on the launch timelines? Because I believe we've 
already launched this product or are going to launch, right? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, the project with DSM is getting launched in three phases. We have already launched, because 
it's a vitamin product, it has applications across food, feed, and pharma. So, what we have 
currently launched is the feed application where you don't need any kind of regulatory approvals. 
But for the food, you need the FSSAI approval, which we have just got last week. So, next year, 
you will see the feed and the food volumes coming in. For the pharma volumes, we still have to 
wait for 2 years because these are mainly targeting extremely regulated markets like Japan, US, 
or Europe. So, once the CEP, the US DMF number and the Japanese DMF number come, then 
only we can start seeing the volumes from pharma. So, it will take us three years to reach that 
peak volume. After that, yes, there is a possibility that the number could be higher because both 
the companies DSM as well as Supriya are aggressively looking at marketing this product. So, 
there is definitely a potential for this number to be higher than the Rs. 50-Rs. 60 crores what we 
have indicated. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Ma'am, are we also looking at other products with DSM potentially? 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Saloni Wagh: 
Yes, I mean there is always a possibility because most of the multinationals like Chairman said 
they have been given a mandate to consolidate portfolios with good manufacturers who have all 
the GMP and the regulatory requirements. So, once we have established the confidence with 
DSM on this one project, there could definitely be larger opportunities there. 
Dr.Satish Wagh: 
As you also know that they have already sold off their API plants. They are sitting with the cash 
and they want to concentrate on vitamin sector only. So, there will be a possibility that once we 
complete this project, another projects will come from their end. That's a preliminary discussion 
has been taken place. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Also, in H2 revenues, we are looking at higher than H1. Should we assume that the DSM content 
coming through, there's a CMO opportunity you had highlighted earlier in some hospitals in this 
product, as well as the whey protein opportunity? Some of these could start contributing in H2, 
and therefore, we expect a significant bump up in revenue going forward? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Yes, so definitely some volumes from DSM will be added in the H2 number. Also some of the 
new products what we are launching in Quarter 3, we are expecting them also to get some 
traction in the non-regulated market. For the whey protein project, we are just waiting for our 
licenses to come. We are waiting on our FSSAI license, which also we are expecting should 
happen by the end of Quarter 3. So, with all these other products also contributing, we are 
expecting the revenue to be slightly higher as compared to H1. 
Tushar Bohra: 
One last question, if I may. Just want to qualitatively understand some of the CMO opportunities 
we are pursuing going forward, which may be some, if you can give some color on the kind of 
opportunities we are pursuing. And if you can confirm that these will be in line with our margin 
guidance or higher in terms of the profitability potential for us. Also, if you can, Dr. Wagh 
mentioned some new therapeutic area. If you can share a bit more details on that please? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, definitely most of the contract manufacturing opportunities that we have on hand are in line 
with the margin profile that we are currently doing. In fact, on the formulation end in contract 
manufacturing, we expect the margins would be even better than what we are currently doing. 
Also definitely that aspect is taken care of. On the API advanced intermediate front, we have at 
least three or four opportunities which can start giving commercial revenue from quarter 4 or 
quarter 1 of next financial year. And on the Ambernath side, definitely once the validation is 
completed, because Ambernath side on formulation is also going to be only a contract 
manufacturing site. We are not currently planning on coming up with our own label. It would 
just be for contract manufacturing formulation. So, definitely from quarter 4 of this year or 
quarter 1 of next year, we can start seeing some revenue generating from this. But all would be 
in line with the current margin what we are doing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. In the interest of time, this was the last question for today’s Conference Call. On 
behalf of Supriya Lifescience Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
