JAI BALAJI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Ref 
:JBIL/SE/2024-25 
Date 
: 21% November, 2024 
To 
The Manager 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“EXCHANGE PLAZA", C-1, Block G 
Bandra—Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
(Company’s Scrip Code: JAIBALAII) 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
To 
The Manager, 
Dept. of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 
— 400 001 
(Company’s Scrip Code: 532976) 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Con-Call held on 19" November, 2024 
With reference to the captioned subject, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Con-call 
for Q2FY25 held on November 19, 2024. The transcript is also available on the Company’s website 
at www.jaibalajigroup.com. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jai Balaji Industries Limited 
AP 
e 
Ajay Kumar Tantia 
Company Secretary 
Regd. Office 
: 5, Beniinck 
Ajay Kumar 
Tantia
Digitally signed by 
Ajay Kumar Tantia 
Date: 2024.11.21 
11:18:00 +05'30'

% 
JAI BALAJI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
“Jai Balaji Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
November 19, 2024 
‘% 
JAI BALAJI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
_ 
Investments Re-defined 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ADITYA JAJODIA — CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
MODERATOR: 
DIRECTOR, JAI BALAJI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. RAJ KUMAR SHARMA — JOINT CFO, JAT BALAJI 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. VIJAY KUMAR BAGRI — PRESIDENT, FINANCE, JAI 
BALAJI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. AJAY KUMAR TANTIA — COMPANY SECRETARY, 
JAI BALAJI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MS. SHWETA DIXIT — SYSTEMATIX INSTITUTIONAL 
EQUITIES 
Page 
1 0of 12

‘M‘;{ JAI BALAJI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Moderator: 
Shweta Dixit: 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Jai Balaji Industries Limited 
November 19, 2024 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Jai Balaji Industries Limited Q2 FY25 
Tnvestor Conference Call hosted by Systematix Institutional Equities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Shweta Dixit from Systematix Institutional Equities. 
Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Systematix Group, we welcome you to the 2Q FY25 
Conference Call of Jai Balaji Industries Limited. 
We are joined today by Mr. Aditya Jajodia - Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Raj Kumar 
Sharma - Joint CFO; Mr. Vijay Kumar Bagi - President, Finance and Mr. Ajay Kumar Tantia 
- Company Secretary to discuss the company's “Financial and Operational” performance for 
2nd Quarter and first half 
of Fiscal Year ‘2025. 
I would like to thank the Management for giving us an opportunity to host this call. Now, I 
request Mr. Aditya Jajodia for his “Opening Remarks™. Over to you, sir. 
Thank you, Shweta. Very good aftermoon to all ladies and gentlemen. We are extremely 
pleased to welcome you all to our Q2 and H1 FY25 Earnings Concall 
Our “Investor Presentation, Press Release and the Financial Results” have already been 
uploaded on the exchanges and we hope that you have had the opportunity to view it. T am 
pleased to announce that JBIL has maintained a healthy performance on half yearly basis 
amongst a very challenging working dynamics. 
Our efforts are fully aligned with the objectives outlined in Jai Balaji 2.0 and we are 
committed to prioritizing value added and specialized products such 
as DI pipes and 
specialized ferro alloys. While also working to enhance our balance sheet strength, we are 
strongly progressing towards our aim to be net term debt free in the next 12 months and are 
diligently working on capacity expansion of ductile iron pipes and ferro alloys as per the plan. 
This will lead to increase in revenue contribution of these products from the current 45%-55% 
to 80% in the near future. 
Before discussing the financial and operational performances, I would like to highlight the 
following: 
Strategic updates of Q2 and H1 of FY25: 
Page 2 of 12

‘Mf JAI BALAJI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
' 
Jai Balaji Industries Limited 
November 19, 2024 
Firstly, updates on the “Capacity Expansion Plan”: 
JBIL is expanding its DI pipes capacity from 3 lakh metric tons to 6.6 lakh metric tons. Of this, 
1.4 lakh metric tons, the remaining capacity from Phase 1 that is expected to be commissioned 
in FY25 while the Phase 2 capacity of 2.2 lakh metric tons is expected for commissioning in 
FY26 receiving a total capacity of 6.6 lakh tons. The ferro alloy capacity will increase from 1.6 
lakh metric tons to 1.9 lakh metric tons with client capacity expansion by Q1 FY26. 
Additionally, 
1 blast fumace has already been revamped and commissioned with the second 
one expected to be completed by Q1 of FY26 boosting the total capacity from 6.3 lakh metric 
tons to 7.5 lakh metric tons. And the center capacity was raised to 9 lakhs tons in FY24 and an 
additional 3 lakh tons is expected to be commissioned in Q1 of FY26, bringing the total to 
approximately 
12 
lakh metric tons 
per annum. Furthermore, 
the company 
has 
also 
commissioned a 35 TPH blast furnace gas boiler as part of a green energy initiative. This 
project integrates waste gas utilization from the blast fumace into the captive power plant, 
reducing carbon emissions and enhancing sustainability. For more information, please refer to 
slide #13 of the investor presentation. 
Updates on the “CAPEX Plan™: 
JBIL earlier announced a CAPEX plan of around Rs. 1,000 crores for the capacity expansion 
plants, which were discussed just now. Out of this, approximately Rs. 700 crores has already 
been incurred and the balance Rs. 300 crores is expected to be incurred over the next 9 months. 
All this CAPEX has been done through internal accruals and our guidance for FY24 CAPEX is 
Rs. 350 crores and in FY25 we have spent around Rs. 200 crores. This is excluding Rs. 8 
crores spent on the other repair CAPEXs. The company is also making substantial strides in its 
net term debt reduction strategy. In H1 FY25, the net debt of Jai Balaji decreased to Rs. 355 
crores from Rs. 308 crores as when compared to last year. Since that is associated with Tata 
Capital Limited and its core lenders and we are optimistic within the next 12 months, we will 
achieve our goal of becoming a net term debt free company. Our FY25 guidance is to reduce 
the term debt to Rs. 225-Rs. 250 crores of which we are very optimistic of achieving. When 
amnounced the liquidity of the stock, the company has also announced a stock split dividing 
each equity share value Rs. 10 into 5 equity share with a face value for Rs. 2 each. 
Now coming to the “Operational Performance”: 
For the half year, production of all products showed an increasing trend on a year-on-year 
basis. The production of ferro alloys and ductile iron pipes increased by 18% and 3% 
respectively, whereas the sale of ferro alloys and ductile iron pipes dropped marginally. On the 
realization front, realization for ferro alloys was similar to H1 FY24 and for ductile iron pipes, 
it increased by 8% whereas for all other products there was a drop-in realizations in the range 
of 5%-7%. On a quarterly basis, the production of ferro alloys was stable and ductile iron pipes 
increased by 3%, whereas sales showed a decreasing trend on year-on-year basis. Realizations 
of ferro alloys and ductile pipes increased by 3% and 7% on a year-on-year basis. 
Page 3 of 12

‘M‘;{ JAI BALAJI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Moderator: 
Aditya Welekar: 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Aditya Welekar: 
Jai Balaji Industries Limited 
November 19, 2024 
Coming to the “Financial Performance” 
On an half yearly basis, revenue, EBITDA and PBT increased by 8%, 30% and 34% 
respectively, underscoring the company's commitment 
to efficient operations and cost 
‘management and demonstrating the strength of the company’s core business. I am also very 
happy to share that the adjusted EBITDA margin for HI FY25 has been increased to 17% 
compared to 14% in H1 FY24. The PAT showed a decline because of the deferred tax 
provision, which is a non-cash item. On quarterly basis, revenues, EBITDA and PBT increased 
on year-on-year basis; however, PAT decreased owing to defer tax provisions. There has been 
a fall in revenue and profitability on Q-on-Q basis on account of fall in production and sales 
realization of some of the finished products like TMT bars, pig iron and sponge iron. However, 
the company has been able to maintain its margin in the value added products. 
In “Conclusion”™ 
I would want to say that despite the complexities of the global operating environment and the 
pressure on the commodity pricing due to the China's macroeconomic trends, our strategic 
focus on value added products and operational efficiency has enabled us to negate the 
challenges effectively. We remain committed to leveraging our strengths, to drive sustainable 
growth and meet the evolving demands of both domestic and international markets. I would 
also want to highlight that we are very optimistic for the second-half of FY25 and hoping to 
get better results on the strategic CAPEXs made by the company on its value-added products. 
We remain very focused on the value chain of the ductile iron pipes and ferro alloys, which 
will continue to play 
a very significant role in driving both the company's topline and 
bottomline growth. We can now open the floor for question and answer. Thank you. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first question 
comes from Aditya Welekar from Axis Securities. Please go ahiead. 
1 have three sets of questions. Number one is post our HI performance, you have indicated the 
25%-30% revenue growth guidance and EBITDA margin of 17%-18%. So how do you see H2 
FY25 panning out and how confident are you in respect to achieving this guidance for full 
year? 
We are sticking to our guidance because we are expecting increase in the volumes of ductile 
iron pipes which are the major contributors to our topline and the bottomline. And as we have 
already said carlier also that we are expecting the share of value added products to go 
substantially with every sequential quarter. 
So next question is on sir, net debt trajectory, you are expecting to be net debt fiee next 12 
months and that is our guidance. So any color on that front, how do you see whether we will be 
able to achieve that target by end of the year? 
Page 4 of 12

%:! JAI BALAJI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Management: 
Aditya Welekar: 
Management: 
Moderator: 
Punit Gupta: 
Management: 
Punit Gupta: 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Moderator: 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Jai Balaji Industries Limited 
November 19, 2024 
The total term debt is around Rs. 300-Rs. 350 crores right now. And looking at the EBITDA 
and the pending CAPEX which is going to be, the pending CAPEX is around Rs. 300 crores 
and the total term debt pending is Rs. 300 crores. Since the EBITDA is so strong, we are 
definitely going to be net debt free within next 12 months. 
And last question, sir, on the deferred tax provision, which we have taken in this quarter. So 
what kind of tax number should we estimate for the future quarters? 
As far as deferred tax assets, which were in our books, we have consumed it in last 3 quarters 
and the pending which I think in the third quarter will be consumed is around Rs. 70-Rs. 75 
crores. As far as the carry forward losses that we carry, in the opening of the year, we had Rs. 
1,000 crores of carry forward tax losses which definitely we are going to consume. As of the 
update, after the 2nd Quarter is concemed, the pending carry forward losses which is to be 
consumed with the profits which are going to come in is Rs. 500 crores plus minus 5. 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Punit Gupta from YES Securities. Please go ahead. 
My question was, could you please shed some light on your expectations for the operational 
performance of DI pipes and ferro alloys for the next half as well as FY26? 
So for the volumes of ferro alloy capacities will be added in Q1 of FY26. So for the second- 
half 
of the year, we expect the volume of the ferro alloy to remain same. For realization in the 
specialized ferro alloy division, it will remain at similar levels only, maybe 2% plus minus 
because of the global markets and the Red Sea situation, it should be similar. Regarding DI we 
expect the relations to be at similar levels, maybe plus minus 2%-3% rather because we have 
the order booked for the coming 6 months. Regarding volumes, we expect volumes to increase 
incrementally on each quarter. So we will target to achieve 4 lakh ton this year and the coming 
year. 
My second question is about any CAPEX plans after the current Rs. 1,000 crores plan is 
completed in the next 9 months? 
Right now, there is no CAPEX plan which we have announced, but definitely we are looking 
at certain opportunities, but it will take time. 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Kirtan Mehta from BOB Capital Markets. Please go 
ahead. 
I had one question in terms of, as We are becoming net debt free over the next 12 months and 
you mentioned that we are progressing, we would be considering some CAPEX plan, could 
you just sort of share the areas Where we are considering to expand? What are the things which 
are currently on the drawing board? 
Page 5 of 12

‘M‘;{ JAI BALAJI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Management: 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Management: 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Management: 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Management: 
Moderator: 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Jai Balaji Industries Limited 
November 19, 2024 
See, I think the first part of the question, I think Sharmaii has already answered our plan to be 
net term debt over the next 12 month. As the current CAPEX plant is only Rs. 300 crores and 
beyond this, we have not announced any CAPEX plans as such. So we will be having 
substantial cash. Hence, to repay that debt, so we are on track. Coming to your second question 
is what is on the drawing board. So what is it doing? It has still not been finalized in the board. 
It is just on the drawing board. So at this moment of time, it will not be comrect for us to 
announce any without having anything concrete on the table. As and when we are announcing 
it in the board meeting, we will announce it. 
How long would we take to finalize this plan? 
It will take some time. It will take more than 3-4 months, 5 months. 
So sometime over the next, by year end or probably early next year, we will be announcing 
these plans? 
By the end of the financial year, not earlier than that. 
And in terms of there is sort of a market still remains reasonably strong. So would we be also 
open to sort of access the capital market to raise funds to consider a larger expansion plan? 
Well, we look into it. Right now, it has not been discussed over here, with the board. To add 
one more thing to what Adityaji had said, last 3 years we wanted, the priority was to tum 
around the company, stabilize the operation, go into value added products in a big way, 
convert our big iron and the hot metal to ductile iron pipe and go big on ferro alloys. That was 
the priority and probably 90% we have achieved it. There was some CAPEX also. Out of that 
70%, we have already completed, the Rs. 300 crores, roughly around 30% 
is going to get 
completed by the first quarter and maybe going into the 2nd Quarter also. So that was the 
priority, number one. The priority right now in next 3 quarters is to get debt free and then look 
for expansion plans and all those things. 
Thank you. The next question comes from Deepesh Sancheti from Manya Finance. Please go 
ahead. 
Till when do we expect our revenue contributions from DI pipes and ferro alloys to increase to 
80% from the current 50%? 
Sorry? 
Current, it is 50%, right? 
Then it should reach to 65% by the end of the current financial year, and then once the second 
part III of the ductile expansion is completed and it is fully operationalized, we will be north of 
75, that is broad idea. 
Page 6 of 12

%:! JAI BALAJI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Management: 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Jai Balaji Industries Limited 
November 19, 2024 
So, by the end of the next financial year, it will be in the region of 80%. 
By Q4 FY26, we expect about 75% of? 
75%-80%, yes. 
Can you throw some light on, how do you expect the demand to grow for DI pipes and 
specialized ferro alloy segments because the lives of even JBIL had plans of getting into 
OPVCs, looking at the reduced demand of DI pipes? 
I will answer your question in two parts. Number one is that the demand for ductile pipes, it is 
robust and we expect it to be robust because not only are we looking at the compression of the 
JIM scheme, we are also looking at the AMRUT 2.0. And other than that, there are also many 
more 
irrigation schemes have been launched. 
So with 
the governments focused 
on 
infrastructure spending and to developing, as we say, the water network of the country, so the 
demand for ductile pipe should remain robust. Coming to the other materials, see ofher 
materials have always been in the frame like plastic pipe, PVC pipes, NDP pipe, steel pipes, 
they are always there and they will always be there. So ductile pipe is a very specialized 
product which s one of the best pipe materials for the transportation of water, because of its 
quality issues, it is one of the best products, one of the most internationally accepted. So we 
expect that the demand for the ductile pipes will always be there in the country as long as the 
development work, it is going on. 
And for the specialized ferro alloy segments? 
As far as the specialized ferro alloy segment, it is a very niche market. Here, we are already 
exporting to around 40 countries, but we are one of the only manufacturers in the country to 
make this product on organized basis. So to reach the market, it is a very tough job. Already, 
we have done, hard work has already been done over the last 5-7 years and we don't expect 
that the share of specialized ferro alloys will be jumping by a huge percentage means we will 
be seeing a share of our whatever volume there, so we are raising a capacity to 1,90,000. So we 
expect that the growth not going to be exponential, it is going to be very, it is going to be slow 
and steady, but in steps, but then the growth will be there. So when we talk about the blended 
EBITDA margin of 18%, 17%, 20% for the next financial year, 
so when we talk about the 
blended margin, it is considering all these factors, the pace of the growth and the pace of the 
volume and the price growth. 
Are we planning to export these DI pipes as well as these ferro alloys? 
DI pipes, already export market is there. Since the local demand has been very robust, we have 
(Inaudible) 23.48. Going forward, we have 
a plan that with the increase in the capacity 
expansion, here export is negligible. It s less than 5%, it is less than 1%. So we are looking at 
exporting around 5%. So on the export market, we have not been very active in the export 
market because the local demand had been very robust and it is very robust. But going forward 
Page 7 of 12

‘M‘;{ JAI BALAJI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Moderator: 
Rajesh Agrawal: 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Rajesh Agrawal: 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Rajesh Agrawal: 
Jai Balaji Industries Limited 
November 19, 2024 
with our increasing capacity, we will be looking at exporting around 5% of our production in 
the export market. We can do more, but our target will be around 5%. 
T wanted to have the segmental EBITDA per ton for Q2 FY25 and what are the expectations 
for the same in second-half of FY25? 
For ductile iron pipe, it was Rs. 22,000 per ton, ferro alloy was 25,000, pig iron, it was around. 
5,000, TMT was 4,000 and sponge iron 3000. There was a dip in ductile was almost same. 
Ferro, there was a dip. Pig iron, there was a slight dip and going forward, we expect ductile 
iron to be at the same level, ferro alloy also same level with the positive buyers; pig iron, there 
will be an increase of Rs. 1,000. TMT similar increase of approximately expected at 1000 and 
sponge iron also Rs. 1,000. There has also been reduction in the raw material prices that 
benefit is also going to accrue in the third quarter and fourth quarter, plus there is going to be a 
volume increase in ductile pipe and third quarter and fourth quarter that is going to add to the 
‘margins and the sale price. 
So the raw material prices, which has reduced, it has reduced for all the products? 
The prices of coking coal compared to the previous few quarters are substantially down. The 
prices of coal have cooled down and the iron prices are more or less flat, but expectation the 
global markets as a downward buyers. Only Chrome Ore is going up substantially. 
Thank you. The next question comes from Rajesh Agrawal from Moneyore. Please go ahead. 
How is the outlook of DI pipes because we have heard from other industry players that 
government order has slowed down and exports are not feasible because of the freight rates, so 
what is your comment on that? 
Our outlook is extremely positive, the order is slowed down only because the result of this is 
the monsoon period and also in the post-clection period when the government in the recast 
mode, projects have been announced. Registered question is that after the election there is a 
process of doing all this, expecting a very robust inquiry and the tendering process will be 
starting from this quarter itself. And that is why exports are concerned the exports market, it is 
already there. So, as I mentioned in the carlier question also, you are again repeating the same 
thing that exports you can increase whenever you want, but currently since the demand of the 
country is so high, so I would not take much on account of this. 
But do you feel the realization will be under pressure domestically? 
Realization, there will be a pressure of 4%-5% over the long term because the raw material 
prices are 
also coming down. They will be coming down 
if there 
is any limits of 
domestically.... 
So the old orders which we backed out in that we don't have to reduce the realization? 
Page 8 of 12

ﬂi{ JAI BALAJI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Rajesh Agrawal: 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Rajesh Agrawal: 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Moderator: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Jai Balaji Industries Limited 
November 19, 2024 
No, not for the others. 
So you think the outlook will be very bullish and same thing can be used for interlinking or 
reverse and sewage and all same DI pipes? 
Yes, absolutely. So (Inaudible) 30.10, projects which were announced the first project can 
finalize the details we made so many personal projects will be announced and already the 
(Inaudible) 30.22 unit is still incomplete and number 2 has already been announced, so the 
demand will be there. 
So we are expecting that order, when, sir in next 2-3 months? 
For the interlinking of the products, the order will not come before 6, 7, 8 months because this 
would require so that will take some time period. The existing already been announced, there 
are some delays in implementing and the pipeline already so what we are expecting 
is 
whatever we are discussing in the selling that much quantity of orders we are basically getting 
also. 
Thank you. The next question comes from Saket Kapoor from Kapoor and Company. Please 
g0 ahead. 
Sir firstly very fine investor presentation with all facts and whatever are required for us are 
being very well depicted in the presentation so please continue with this format sir. Sir the 
question of product wise EBITDA if that also includes this then please do look into the various 
EBITDA per ton and a compare number QoQ that will suffice that question part also. Sir, if 
you could give us some color, what should be the tonnage we are expecting for DI pipe for Q3 
and Q4? 
The total tonnage envisaged for this particular year 
it is around 4 lakh tons. In the first 6 
months, we have achieved around 1,50,000 tons. Going forward from here, the require run rate 
is around 35,000 tons per month. So we are very confident that we will be able to achieve this 
plus minus 10%, but we will be able to achieve. 
You are on a bad line. The 4 lakh is what we are emphasizing for this year? 
Yes. For the first two quarters, you have already done 1,30,000 and we have also to consider 
that 2nd Quarter is the monsoon quarter where the production number is already softer. So, 
from here onwards, we are looking at doing around 40,000 tons per month which will take it to 
around 4 lakh tons. 
And that run rate we have already done for October and we have planned delivery for 
November also, 50 We are on track for that 40,000 plus? 
Page 9 of 12

‘M‘;{ JAI BALAJI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Management: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Management: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Jai Balaji Industries Limited 
November 19, 2024 
The commissioning of the new plant, it is already hot commissioning has been done and the 
trial has been completed. So that plant has just come into operation just a few days back. So 
the fruits of that we will be getting. In October, we are not able to do. October, we were able to 
do say around 30,000 tons approximately, but incrementally in the month of November, we 
will be around 31,000; in the month of December, it will be increased. So whatever projections 
we have made, it is on the basis because some of the plans they are getting commissioned in 
USA. So, as the plant is getting commissioned, the total projections we are giving, it is based 
on the incremental capacity. 
And sir, we have this capital work in progress closing balance of around Rs. 280 crores, 50 
what will get capitalized and if you could give the breakup, where are the money we have 
spent, breakup of Rs. 280 crores? 
That is already in the presentation on page #3. I think we have given the entire details over 
there with the current status, mention every over here in line. 
I don't think you will not be able 
to notice. It is already on the page #13. 
And, sir, other income component part also, we sce this appearing only for the September 
quarter. Last year, it was Rs. 28 crores and this time it is Rs. 22 crores, so what constitutes this 
and what is the nature of this other income? 
These are general. There is only one other income. This was regarding the railway rakes that 
we had supplied to railways. Out of that, part compensation has been received that s around 
Rs. 9.48 crores. And there 
is further claim, which 
is pending. Apart from that nothing 
substantial is there. It is as per the last quarter. 
And Adityaji, what is the bid pipeline currently for DI pipe, you did mention about robust 
demand coming up. How is our pipeline in order booking in DI Pipe. What is the annual 
requirement of the DI pipe in the country and whatever fresh capacities have come and 
whatever is in anvil if you can give us the balance of demand and supply? 
Our internal team is working is that the demand of ductile iron pipes, this particular year will 
be in the region of 6-7 million tons and the bid pipeline range with that only. So as I mentioned 
in the earlier question also, see whatever quantity we are supplying, so we are getting orders 
every month or more than the quantity. So the bid pipeline, it is extremely robust and even 
going forward. we are expecting that as the GDP grows in line with that the demand of the 
pipe will be giving. Also, what we are looking at is very keen because the demand could get a 
very big boost from the central looking of this project of this reverse. So this is going to be 
really good, but so far what has happened s that this project has been announced many years 
back, but so far we work on the ground, have not started, but now at least we work on the 
metro project which is a project of around $7 billion. The work has only started now and DPR 
has been made. So now, we are putting action on the ground. 
Page 10 of 12

%:! JAI BALAJI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Saket Kapoor: 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Moderator: 
Pinal Kothari: 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Pinal Kothari: 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Pinal Kothari: 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Jai Balaji Industries Limited 
November 19, 2024 
Sir, just to dwell on the same that Ken-Betwa River Linking what is the DI pipe contribution, 
what should be the percentage of that $7 billion project? How much value terms? 
We are unable to envisage because the DPR has still not been completed. Once it is completed, 
we will be knowing it there will be other materials also, maybe the steel price also, the plastic 
price also, so we don't know exactly, but DI pipe will be the major type material which will be 
there because of the superior quality and because of the economic viability. 
And lastly, sir, for Jal Jeevan Mission project, there is a slowdown in the order since they have 
reached 75% or 80% of their reach or what is the update? And also, sir, we have heard from 
other players that the fund released from the center has been delayed or there are lower release 
of funds from the center. State contribution is there, but center participation is not there. So 
what is your feedback because and sir, for our selling also, sorry to lengthen the question, we 
are selling directly to the government or to the EPC players, our DI pipe? 
So basically three questions. 
I will answer your third question first. In some cases, we are 
selling around 25%-30% of the sales, it is directed to the government. The balance is to the 
EPC contractors who are executing the projects for the government. So by and large, the major 
buyer of the DI pipes, it is the government sector be it the state government or be it the central 
government schemes. This is the first part of the question. Now, coming to the second question 
is that the (Inaudible) 38.36 so fund release in this quarter has been slower, but this again this 
post-election this phenomena we are seeing not only from the Jal Jeevan Mission scheme, but 
we are seeing actoss all these sectors more or less where the money spending has been reduced 
here and as far as the demand is concerned, demand is robust, but then the funds. Ultimately, 
this is what we see as a very slick side. What we are seeing is that since the funds have not 
been released to a great extent after in the last 15 months, actually the government has a budget 
requirement to meet the expenditure, so over the next 4-5 months, we are expecting very 
robust spending to be coming. 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Pinal Kothari from Systematix. Please go ahead. 
Sir, 1 had just two few questions. Firstly, why did the DI pipe volumes decline in this quarter, 
like sequentially also and year-on-year also the volumes have declined, so what is the reason 
for the same? 
So, they have not declined, there is no decline, I think there is a mistake. 
There s a decline in the production volume? 
Ma’am, the decline is only about 2% or 3% which is very. 
Yes, sequential 2%. 
Ttis increased. It was 63 now it has become 65 so it has increased. 
Page 11 of 12

‘M‘;{ JAI BALAJI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Pinal Kothari: 
Management: 
Pinal Kothari: 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Moderator: 
Aditya Jajodia: 
Moderator: 
Jai Balaji Industries Limited 
November 19, 2024 
In the sales volume, actually from 61 in quarter 1 it has declined to 60. So sequentially by 2% 
the sales volume has declined? 
That is the monsoon quarter because this is the monsoon quarter and in Calcutta, the festive 
season goes on in this quarter. 
And, sir, what is the share of the special grade ferro alloys currently, if you can quantify the 
same? 
Special grade ferroalloy we are taking it together, we have not given the breakup of that. We 
are giving it together so the ferroalloy will be 18%-19%. 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Thank you everyone for joining the call today. We trust that we have addressed all your 
inquities to our satisfaction. In case, you have any remaining unanswered questions, please 
don't hesitate to contact our Investor Relations Agency, Golndia Advisors, they will be there to 
assist you further. Thank you once again. We apologies for the disturbance in the audio. 
Thank you so much, members of the management. On behalf of Systematix Institutional 
Equities, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
Page 12 of 12
