 
         DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
          CIN – L72900DL1986PLC330369 
          Regd. Office: JA-122, 1st Floor, DLF Tower A, Jasola, New Delhi – 110025, Tel: +91 11 41251965 
          Corp. Office: Spice Global Knowledge Park, 19A & 19B, Sector – 125, Noida – 201301, Uttar Pradesh, India – Tel: +91 120 5029101 
          Email ID: complianceofficer@digispice.com  | Website: www.digispice.com 
 
Date: 27th November, 2024 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 517214 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: DIGISPICE 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the Investors/Analysts Conference Call held on 21st November, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
In continuation to (a) our letter dated 16th November, 2024 intimating you about the schedule 
of the conference call for Investors/Analysts held on 21st November, 2024 with senior 
management team, ; and (b) letter dated 21st November, 2024 sharing the investor 
presentation, please find attached herewith the transcript of the aforesaid conference call.  
The 
transcript 
will 
also 
be 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://investorrelations.digispice.com/information.php?page=transcripts    
You are requested to kindly take the above on record and acknowledge the receipt of the same.  
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
 
(Ruchi Mehta) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: as above 
RUCHI 
MEHTA
Digitally signed by RUCHI MEHTA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=9952, 
pseudonym=034ADED405131CD3EAD1BB334
CCF4F85, 
2.5.4.20=a3fe5361d4203c8603ad4d93465c663
3a4b632bf9884f7dd831b85bab49a9d85, 
postalCode=110091, st=Delhi, 
serialNumber=CD0D3E0EE621CED09F7C59DE
557F78E2914D4D9A98A3BE999B1AE4AD155B
0F45, cn=RUCHI MEHTA 
Date: 2024.11.27 19:33:16 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
DiGiSPICE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED  
Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Zoom Webinar  
 
November 21st, 2024  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Management Participants:  
 
 
Mr. Dilip Modi  
 
 
Mr. Sunil Kapoor 
Chairman DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
Chief Executive Officer, Spice Money Limited  
 
Whole-time Director & Chief Financial 
Officer, Spice Money Limited  

 
Page 2 of 18 
DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Zoom Webinar 
 
Moderator: 
Good Morning, everyone. A warm welcome to the Earnings Zoom Webinar of 
DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited for Q2 & H1 FY25. We have with us Mr. Dilip Modi, 
Chairman 
of 
DiGiSPICE 
Technologies 
Limited 
(‘DiGiSpice’ 
or 
‘DiGiSpice 
Technologies’) and Mr. Sunil Kapoor, Whole-time Director and Chief Financial 
Officer, Spice Money Limited (‘Spice Money’). Before we begin, I'd like to state that 
some of the statements made in today's discussion may be forward looking in 
nature. The actual results may vary as they are dependent on several external 
factors. A statement in this regard has been included in the result presentation sent 
to you earlier and also uploaded on the exchanges. We will commence the call with 
the management taking you through the operational and financial performance for 
the period under review, following which we will have an interactive Q&A session. I 
would now like to invite Mr. Dilip Modi to commence the presentation. Over to you, 
Dilip. Thank you. 
Dilip Modi: 
Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the quarter 2 earnings call for DiGiSPICE. It is 
indeed a pleasure to connect with all of you once again on this call. At DiGiSPICE, 
you know,  this is a great opportunity for us to engage with the investor community 
at large, to share with them the progress that we are making at the company, 
provide any clarifications on how we are progressing, share with you strategically 
how we are looking at the business going forward, share with you of course in more 
detail the earnings that we have achieved in the quarter gone by and what is the 
trend looking like, provide any answers to any questions you might have, But thank 
you for taking the time out to be on this call and to spend this time with us. It's 
really an honor to get to spend time with all of you. 
We have a brief presentation followed by which we will want to take questions. But 
just to share with you, just as a recap. We were a company doing multiple 
businesses in the technology space. Last year, we took a decision to just focus on 
our Fintech business and exit all other verticals. That is something that we've now 
managed to achieve. DiGiSPICE Technologies is now a very focused Fintech company 
targeting to serve the unmet formal financial needs of Bharat, the emerging Bharat 
in semi-urban and rural India under our brand Spice Money. As you're aware, we are 
also going through a process of merger of our subsidiary Spice Money into DiGiSPICE 
Technologies. So effectively, I would encourage all of you to see us as Spice Money 
going forward. Obviously, all our presentation is going to be on our fintech business 
in terms of how we are progressing. Also, in terms of our discontinued business, you 
will see in the financials of how the numbers have also moved and how we have 
brought down the costs associated with the discontinued business, something that 
Sunil, our Finance Head will walk us through. And then of course, we'll talk about 
some of the new businesses within the Fintech area that we are focusing on. So 
we'll start the presentation. Can I request if you could move to the executive 
summary, please. 

 
Page 3 of 18 
So friends, if you look at it, we are very focused on four key building blocks for our 
strategic vision. The first is to consolidate our share for the core assisted payments 
industry. As you know, digital payments continue to grow exponentially in our 
country, and there are two models of self-serve and assisted. At DiGiSPICE, we are 
significantly growing our business in the assisted digital payment space. This is an 
area that we will continue to consolidate our share and grow our share of the 
market and eventually double down in terms of topline growth, which will finally 
convert into bottomline growth going forward. So this will continue to be our focus 
in terms of our core business. 
In terms of then leveraging this platform business that we've built, in terms of the 
network of merchants we have and the platform through which we are able to 
access these merchants will give us an opportunity to continue to bring strategic 
formal financial products to many parts of India, which otherwise from a unit 
economics point of view, product manufacturers are unable to reach. So, whether 
it's in the area of savings or investments, our goal is to connect formal financial 
providers to customers and merchants in semi-urban and rural India at cost 
economics that are really attractive. Of course, credit is something that is part of our 
growth strategy going forward. As you know, we have put in plans to bring in an 
NBFC into the structure. And this is something that we're going through with the 
regulator in terms of seeking approvals and their blessings to be able to start this 
business under Spice Money. 
And then our final fourth building block is around UPI, this is an area where we as a 
country are totally committed. At about 400 million UPI users in the country, the 
opportunity and the challenge we have as a Fintech ecosystem is to get the next 200 
million customers on board. At Spice Money, we are a market leader in the AePS 
segment, which is also 400 million as a market. So there are 400 million UPI users in 
the country and there are 400 million AePS consumers in the country. 
We at Spice Money have a 17% market share in the AePS segment. And our goal 
going forward is to grow this market share in AePS and also contribute towards the 
next 200 million UPI users in the country and I will talk about that. If you look at the 
quarter gone by, which is quarter 2 FY25, the two main highlights I would like to call 
out is on our collections business and on our saving account business. While we look 
at numbers in more detail, we've seen that how this quarter over last year has now 
shown a growth in gross transaction value (of collection business) by close to 30%. 
In the AePS segment, which is our core product business as well, we have been able 
to maintain a market share above 17% and our goal is to continue to grow this going 
forward and we have plans in place how to do that. 
On the current account saving account business, this has been a significant focus 
product for us at Spice Money. And the goal is to be able to enable customers in 
semi-urban and rural India to be able to open zero balance bank accounts, but then 
start using our network to transact with those bank accounts and effectively move 
cash to digital. We've seen significant growth in this product in the last one year. 
And today we are opening over 2000 accounts a day. So a run rate of nearly 60,000 
new accounts being opened on a monthly basis. 

 
Page 4 of 18 
As far as our corporate restructuring plans are concerned, we do have that process 
on the way. It's going through various steps and we are working with the advisors 
and going through that. Eventually our end goal is to merge Spice Money into 
DiGiSPICE or DiGiSPICE Technologies become Spice Money. And with the blessings 
of the regulator, if we were able to receive them, we'd be able to also bring in an 
NBFC under the structure as a subsidiary. So overall at DiGiSPICE, we are now a 
focused fintech company with a mission to serve the unmet formal financial needs 
of Bharat. And this is something that we are excited on all three elements of AePS, 
UPI and credit. 
Moving to the next slide, our customer base, are the small merchants in semi-urban 
and rural India, who we refer to as Spice Money Adhikaris. This network, over the 
last five years, has continued to grow and we've seen from 241,000 merchants or 
Spice Money Adhikaris in FY20, we've closed September FY25 at close to 1.4 million. 
So we've seen significant growth, from the close of the financial year 24 to 
September, we've also seen a 5% growth. We have now got a pretty dense network 
in a large part of India, North, East, Central, and we are now expanding in terms of 
density in the South as well. So, more than number of Adhikaris, it's going to be now 
in terms of number of transacting Adhikaris and also in terms of number of products 
per Adhikari. So eventually, our goal is to consolidate this network and to be able to 
drive more products penetration through this network, because now we achieved a 
good size in terms of over 1.4 million Spice Money Adhikaris on-boarded on the 
Spice Money platform. 
We are present in close to 2.5 lakh villages in the country out of total 6 lakh and in 
all the blocks in the districts that we are, 6475. So we have a point of presence 
across India. When you see the darker shades, it's more about dense presence 
versus lighter presence. The fact that we are present across India gives us an 
opportunity to tap into each of the markets, but our goal is to make sure that if you 
look at the India map, mostly all of it goes dark in the next couple of 2 to 3 years 
where we are lighting up the villages with our Adhikari points, both in terms of ATM 
and banking products. 
Can we move to the next slide, please? These are the three headline metrics that we 
track, the customer gross transaction value, associated with that our service fee 
revenue, and associated with that our service fee gross margin. If I look at quarter-
on-quarter, we've seen a 2.5% growth in our customer gross transaction value, Rs. 
26,300 crores from last quarter Rs. 25,600 crores. The impact of this is reflected in 
our service fee revenue growth of also 2.8%, which is about Rs. 104 crores 
compared to Rs. 101 crores in the previous quarter, and a 4.6% growth quarter-on-
quarter at the service fee GM level, which is Rs. 42.6 crores from Rs. 40.7 crores last 
quarter. 
You would see that compared to the 2.5% to 2.8% growth in the topline, we've seen 
a 4.6% growth in our gross margin, and this has been due to product mix, which I 
will explain on the next slide. Year-on-year, our Q2 customer gross transaction value 
and service fee revenue has dipped. A lot of this dip in customer gross transaction 
values because of the headwinds we faced in the AePS business, something I will 
talk through in more detail. But really, we've been focusing in terms of our product 

 
Page 5 of 18 
mix to make sure that we can continue to have a healthy growth in our gross 
margins. And you can see this on the graph that we've seen quarter-on-quarter 
growth. 
Moving to the next slide, we'll show you in more detail the different product lines 
that we have and what is the contribution of each of the product lines to our gross 
margin number. So if you really see, our product lines are split into two key buckets. 
One is our transaction business and the other is our distribution business. So 
transaction business is really linked to what we call the gross transaction value. And 
the distribution business is more in terms of number of accounts, number of loans 
and number of other products that we enable. So these are two different buckets. 
The first bucket of transaction is linked to the GTV number that you saw on the 
previous slide. So if you really look at this slide, you can see we've highlighted in 
green three key product lines of collection, subscription pack and banking. And the 
share of these three product lines has grown year-on-year. So from quarter to last 
year, these product lines were contributing close to 26%. Now these product lines 
are contributing close to 33%. And it's really the shift from 26% to 33% to our gross 
margin that has led to an absolute gross margin growth both year-on-year and 
continues to be quarter-on-quarter as well. So collections and banking, something I 
highlighted in the executive summary, continues to be a big growth strategy for us. 
Subscription packs has been an interesting one because having on-boarded a 
significant number of Spice Money Adhikaris on our platform, now we are focusing 
on driving lifetime value from the merchants. Subscription packs is a great 
opportunity because it helps us build a loyalty program with all our merchants 
where they subscribe to a monthly, bi-monthly, two to three month packs. And 
because of that, they get high commissions per transaction, but it also allows them 
to focus to bring more of their counter-share on the Spice Money platform. So it is a 
win-win situation and it's something that is helping us on our gross margin front as 
well. 
Moving on, I'd like to talk about each of the service lines that we have. Can we move 
to the next slide, p lease? So if you look at the first core product of ours, the 
Aadhaar enabled payment system, these are three buckets and for those who've 
not seen this format earlier, I'd just like to walk you through this. So what we show 
is both in terms of year-on-year, as well as quarterly updates. So if you focus on the 
first bucket, the one in highlight, the overall industry of Aadhaar enabled payment 
system, on a quarterly basis about Rs. 70,000 crores, right? Which is basically the 
money being withdrawn using the AePS stack by customers. Out of this, about 
nearly Rs. 12,000 crores in quarter 2 has been the transaction value done on the 
Spice Money platform, leading to a market share of 17.19%. So when we say we 
have a market share of 17%, it's really the amount of gross transaction value using 
AePS stack on the Spice Money platform compared to the industry. If you really look 
at it at an industry level, we've seen decline and that's why you've seen an year-on-
year decline on the GTV front. Obviously, this is something that if you see year-on-
year, we went from Rs. 81,450 crore as an industry down to Rs. 70,000 crores, which 
is nearly a 13% decline. And obviously that translated into a decline of nearly 13% 
on our gross transaction value as well. Now, the way we read this is that this is an 
ongoing dialogue we're having within the industry, in terms of looking at new use 

 
Page 6 of 18 
cases that this network can be used for, because majority of this gross transaction 
value is linked to cash withdrawal. 
As of now, cash deposit using the AePS stack on the office network has not been 
enabled across all banks. We believe that this network today is serving more like an 
ATM network and it can also move towards serving as a CDM network. So from cash 
withdrawal, it can also become a cash deposit network. And this is a big need in 
semi-urban and rural India where consumers are also looking at ease of deposit as 
much as ease of withdrawal. So then there are other initiatives we are working on. 
So our goal is to grow the pie, which is right now close to a run rate of let's say Rs. 
2.8 lakh crores. How do we grow this pie? And these are areas which we believe will 
help us to grow the pie. As far as transaction metrics are concerned, quarter-on-
quarter, this quarter we've seen growth. So 7.4 crore transactions attempted in 
quarter 2 compared to 7.2 crores in quarter 1. Our success rate has also improved 
and the number of transacting customers have also improved. The reason this has 
happened is because to control risk, there was an industry-wide implementation of 
a two-factor authentication for every transaction. In quarter 2, this was removed for 
every transaction to just the first transaction of the day. And that has translated into 
more transactions happening because of the ease of having removed the two-factor 
authentication on every transaction. The good news is that the fraud and the risk 
associated with the product, which was a major concern in the ecosystem has been 
addressed. So we are feeling like now as things are easing up, we'd be able to 
control risk as well as drive transaction growth. 
In terms of the Spice Money Adhikari metrics, we segment them in terms of large, 
medium, small. This is in terms of throughput per merchant and throughput per 
Adhikari. What we call the large AePS SMAs, our SMAs doing a gross transaction 
value of greater than Rs. 5 lakhs a month. The medium, what we call Aadhaar 
Enabled Payment System, SMAs are the ones doing one to five lakh a month and the 
small ones are less than one lakh. Our goal continues to be to grow number of 
transactions per Adhikari. Obviously, some of the large Adhikaris have got more 
impacted because they had more footfall and because of these restrictions, it 
impacted them more than the smaller ones. But effectively we think that this will 
start kind of improving as new products like cash deposit get enabled on the 
platform. And this is something that we are committed to enabling. We do have a 
significant concentration in a few states compared to others. So UP, Bihar, West 
Bengal continue to be our top markets which contribute to more of the AePS GTV 
and as we grow density in the other states, we see this growing as well. So AePS 
continues to be an area that we will work on in terms of new product lines as well as 
growth in our transacting base. So this is something that we will continue to focus 
because it gives us an opportunity to extend the reach of ATM banking to every part 
of rural India. 
Moving on to collections, next slide please. This is the cash management services 
product line. So within collections, we have two product lines, cash management 
services and Bharat Bill Payment System, and I'll talk about both of them. This slide 
is about cash management services. This is basically a product where we tie-up with 
MFIs, NBFCs, e-commerce companies who are looking to collect cash and bring it to 
their branches, and then from the branches going to deposit this cash in the bank. 

 
Page 7 of 18 
What we enable to them is to reduce their cost and time to cash, which is basically, 
bank branches being closed, weekends, odd timings. Instead of having to travel to 
the bank branch, they can come and deposit that cash at our Adhikari point near to 
them, and we can help them to move that money digitally to the bank. This is a 
business that is something that we've seen very good growth, and effectively we're 
becoming like a utility platform when it comes to collections for MFIs across. So if 
you look at the number of large CMS, SMAs who do more than 30 lakhs collections, 
GTV per quarter, this actually increased 15% year-on-year. And we've also seen that 
the business that they are contributing, has also increased by 31% year-on-year. So 
basically it's a sign that bigger enterprises are doing more business for us. 
If you look at quarter-on-quarter GTV, now we are at a run rate of 8,836 crores for 
quarter 2 compared to 7,924 crores in the previous quarter and 6,874 crores in the 
last financial year quarter 2. So we're seeing good growth and really this is a sign 
that as a utility platform, we are offering a much more efficient way for the 
enterprises to deposit cash back into the bank. Effectively, we've seen the number 
of transacting enterprises grow. We've consolidated and therefore the idea is more 
business per enterprise, more large enterprise and more large CMS SMAs. So if you 
look at the number of CMS SMAs that are in the large category, like I said, it's seen a 
growth of 15.6% year-on-year and 3.2% quarter-on-quarter. So now we are nearly 
like on a quarterly basis, 4,000 large collection counters in the country. And it's 
effectively becoming a great, again, a win-win situation where agents are able to 
deposit their collections closer to from where they collect it, which is having 
multiple benefits in terms of cost, time and effort involved. So our goal is to 
continue to onboard more large enterprises, demonstrate the value to them and 
continue to grow business per enterprise. 
I also want to say that both the CMS business and the AePS business are 
significantly complimentary to each other, because effectively in one business 
you're collecting cash and the other business you're dispersing cash. So there is an 
efficiency sitting in terms of cash availability and making sure that we are able to 
reduce the cost of cash management and therefore, enable efficiency across the 
board. 
The next service update is a very strategic one for us. Can we go to the next slide, 
please? This is the Bharat Bill Payment System license that we have from the 
regulator. This is a product of NPCI. Again, something that we are super excited on 
because what this does is it enables people, enterprises to get onto one stack, 
looking for collections, starting with EMI, electricity bill, DTH, recharge, gas, water, 
number of use cases that are coming on this platform. If you see this product line 
from FY21, we were at Rs. 419 crores and FY24, we closed at Rs. 4,190 crores. So 
you can see the significant growth from Rs. 400 crores to Rs. 4,000 crores that we 
achieved in a matter of three years. So exponential growth in this product, quarter-
on-quarter we've grown 6%. Like CMS is large collection counters, BBPS is smaller 
collection counters. So we have 4,000 per month over there. Here we have nearly 
100,000 plus counters which are serving as collection centers in deep rural and 
semi-urban India. Our goal is that as more and more enterprises connect with us 
and use our utility platform to collect money, we can also work with them to 
encourage their customers to start depositing their EMIs and paying their bills close 

 
Page 8 of 18 
to where they live in the community itself using the BBPS tax. Even reducing the 
cost of their agent having to go to the village to collect cash, the customer can just 
come and deposit their EMI at a merchant point close to them. What I would like to 
highlight on the table below is the unique customer account. So if you look at EMI 
collections, we've seen a growth on this year-on-year. So if there were about 15 lakh 
customers in quarter 2 last year using the BBPS platform to deposit cash, now make 
their EMI payments, that's gone up to 19,000,000 customers. That's close to 1.9 
million customers who are paying their EMIs using the BBPS platform. The other 
encouraging point for us is that majority of these customers, at least half of them 
are repeat customers, which means there's a behavior that's evolving where agents 
and customers are able to regularly use our Adhikari points as ways to go and 
deposit their EMIs. And there's a kind of a recurring behavior to this, as well as if 
you could see our average ticket size of collections is also growing both year-on-year 
and quarter-on-quarter. So from Rs. 1,696 quarter to last year, it's gone up to nearly 
Rs. 2,000. So a 23% year-on-year growth, a 10% quarter-on-quarter growth. Our 
goal here is to work with NPCI to see how to bring more billers on this platform, 
drive network density so we go as close to the customer as possible for him to pay 
his EMIs and bills and drive this organic repeat behavior. So effectively if you see the 
three key pillars of our transaction business is the AePS business, the CMS business 
and the BBPS business and all three we are focused how to grow gross transaction 
value and ultimately serve more customers which will also lead to gross margin 
improvement in our business. Needless to say that there is competition on the 
ground and therefore there continues to be pricing pressures on all these products. 
But as a platform that significantly scaled, we believe that we are perhaps better 
placed to absorb some of these pricing shocks and be able to work to continue to 
scale the business and offer more value to both enterprise as well as consumer. 
Moving on to the financial products, Current account savings account. So I think to 
begin with, if you see the network that we've built out in semi-urban and rural India 
is really an ATM collections network, but now it's moving towards becoming more 
like a branch network for banks. So we have now on-boarded two banks with whom 
we work very closely, Axis and NSDL Payment Bank, to open accounts for them. If 
you see the first graph between last year, we closed quarter 2at about two lakh 
accounts. Quarter 2 this year, we've closed at nearly 5.8 lakh accounts. So nearly 
1.7x growth and a 38% quarter-on-quarter growth in savings account open, 30% 
growth in current accounts open. And the last graph that I would like you to see is 
the SMAs opening more than five accounts and that's the number that we track. So 
out of our total base, nearly 22,000 Adhikaris, till the quarter gone by, open more 
than five accounts. So effectively they are becoming more like kind of digital bank 
branches. And the goal is now going forward to be able to cross sell more products 
into these accounts. Of course, we earn a margin per account, but the whole goal is 
to open more accounts and get people to use the accounts. The challenge we have 
as a country is that a lot of accounts being open, but if they are dormant, they have 
limited value because we want people to transact with their accounts. And having 
an Adhikari on the ground very close to them, functioning like a bank branch, can 
lead to more digital literacy education about what all can they do with this account. 
So growth in average bank balance per account, cross-selling more products into 
this account and getting more SMAs, opening more accounts is the three key 

 
Page 9 of 18 
building blocks for this product. Our goal is to bank the underbanked and make sure 
that they can get access to formal saving and credit products. So we want them to 
not only open an account, but to transact with that account and then to be able to 
get the benefit of that account to grow income. So this is a kind of a strategic 
platform for us. So like we have a strategic platform for our transaction business, 
this is becoming a strategic platform for our going forward, our banking business. 
Moving forward, I'd like to close with credit. This is an area that we are going very, 
very carefully. We are very conscious of the fact that we're working in rural India. 
While there's unmet needs of MSME in rural, as well as formal credit for the 
consumers, we want to be very careful because we have noticed that unsecured 
lending has been something that we all read in the newspaper has been something 
of a concern amongst MFIs. So if you see the collections business that we are 
building, the utility stack on collections that we're doing is actually helping the MFIs 
collect cash. And that's something that we hope can help them to reduce NPA 
pressures. But as far as ourselves giving credit is concerned or partnering with 
lenders is concerned on our platform, we are focusing more on secured loans. So if 
you see quarter 2 this year compared to quarter 1 this year, we've actually grown 
our secured loan book, work with lenders a lot more. So if you see in terms of 
number of loans, we were similar to about 1,700 to 1,600 loans, but effectively you 
see the value has gone up from Rs. 29 crores to Rs. 57 crores, the red part of the 
graph. And this is really secured loan products like loan against property, 
commercial vehicle and all that. As far as third party loan distribution is concerned, 
we've significantly moved from unsecured to secured. And our goal is to work with 
lenders more on the secured lending side. And that is something that we will 
continue to multiply in terms of offering our platform as a way for lenders to 
responsibly do secured lending and also help them on collections. So effectively help 
them to close the loop to build a healthy book in semi-urban and rural India. We do 
hope that we can help in robust lending, but also robust collections. 
I'd like to now hand over to Sunil, our CFO of Spice Money, who can run you through 
the financials. I want to come back and talk about PPI, our UPI product that we 
launched 2 days back in Bihar. Something that we're excited about. We are really 
committed to the next 200 million UPI users in the country. And because of the base 
of merchants and through them the consumers we have, we see an opportunity for 
us to really add to the UPI growth story of the country, something that we can talk 
about during the Q&A and I'd love to talk more about that. So before that, over to 
you Sunil, if you could just run us quickly through the financials. 
Sunil Kapoor: 
Yeah, thank you, Dilip. Good morning, everyone. This sheet contains about the 
consolidated financial highlights and I want to emphasize on the quarter 2 results 
where we have seen that customer GTV has grown by 3% quarter-on-quarter and 
consequently that the gross margin has improved by 4% better than the customer 
GTV and even the revenue is flat and service fee revenue is also increased by 3%. So 
we can see that there is an improvement in the gross margin due to the product 
mix. And if we see that where is coming from, that's primarily from the CASA that 
we are opening for the banks and increase in collections and the subscription packs 
which is important for us to engage our Adhikari to work with us for a long term. 
And if we see on the indirect cost side, there is an increase of almost Rs. 5.5 crores. 

 
Page 10 of 18 
This is because of three factors. One is with respect to that we are working on the 
corporate restructuring, which is one as a merger and also the acquisition of NBFC. 
So there's some costs related to that. And another is a cost related to the increment 
cycle for this quarter. And second, some new business investments, hiring the 
people for these new verticals of credit and spice pay or UPI. And consequently, the 
EBIT is having the impact of this indirect cost increase and PAT is negative Rs. 1.5 
crores against positive Rs. 4.5 crores. However, if you see on the YTD side, then we 
have a Rs. 3 crores PAT against Rs. 4.8 crores in the last year for the first half. 
On the eighth point, there is an investment we have in Digiasia Bios, which is a mark 
to market as per the accounting standard, we have to recognize if there is any gain 
or loss. So that has been recognized for Rs. 5.7 crores. So it's a mark to market gains 
and loss that has nothing to do with the impact on the cash flows. PAT, if we see on 
the discontinued side, that has almost come to closer to nil. So discontinued 
business of DiGiSPICE is almost done and we will be having very less impact. If we 
see on the last year, we have Rs. 38 crores loss and quarter 2 of the previous period 
was Rs. 7.4 crores loss. So this will help us to overall improvement in the overall 
result of the company at the consolidated level and consequently overall total PAT is 
negative Rs. 7.3 crores which is primarily coming from the mark to market gain or 
loss which has no cash impact. 
Can we move to the next slide please? Yeah, here in this slide, we want to just 
emphasize on that whatever the investment we are doing in the new business, 
which is credit and UPI business. And if you see that we have increased investment 
in last two quarters, almost Rs. 3 crores and Rs. 4.5 crores in this quarter in these 
businesses, because these will be the more on the customer side, because we are as 
of now B2B2C player, but we are working on these two businesses on the direct B2C 
customer to own the customers and we can do have a cross-sell and upsell 
opportunities to capture. So in effect, the platform business is doing a positive 
EBITDA and barring whatever the one-time cost and we foresee that with these new 
businesses coming in, more engagement with our Adhikari network will be there 
and we will have a mutual kind of new business. And also in the platform business 
have better margin going forward and better profitability. 
Thanks. That's all from my side. I'm handing it over to Amit. 
Amit: 
Thank you, Sunil. And also thank you, Dilip, for those fairly detailed and, insightful 
opening remarks. I'd now like to open the floor for Q&A. Participants who wants to 
ask a question, can ask a question by raising their hand or by writing the question in 
the chat box . So I now like to request people, who want to ask the question, kindly 
raise their hands or put question in the chat box. We will wait for a moment while 
the question que assembles. Participants who want to ask a question can raise their 
hands or put the question in chat box.  
Dilip Modi: 
So the question comes from Naman from Ventura. Two questions. First is pertaining 
to the credit distribution business. Is there some kind of default guarantee 
arrangement between you and the lender? And if yes, could you give me a brief idea 
about what are the terms of such a guarantee? And the second part is talking about 

 
Page 11 of 18 
the NBFC business, how do you plan to fund the operations of the business? Thank 
you, Naman, for that. 
Basically, Naman, as far as the credit distribution business is concerned, there is no 
default guarantee arrangement we have with the secured loan providers. The whole 
goal is to become more a loan origination platform where we are able to generate 
leads for the lenders to be able to get access to customers and of course help them 
in terms of processing those leads. So that is something that as we go forward, our 
focus, as I said, Naman, will be on the distribution side, will be more on the secured 
credit distribution, where we will not want to enter into any guarantee 
arrangements, especially on the distribution side. We want to be more on the 
secured lending side. As you're aware, under the LSP guidelines, there is a first loss 
default guarantee arrangement that is allowed. And of course, if we were to do 
that, we'll kind of work in line with that but as of now our focus is more on secured 
loan distribution. As far as unsecured loan distribution is concerned, our focus is 
more on lending to our own Adhikaris when it comes to secured loans and that is 
going to be predominantly through our own NBFC once we have all the approvals in 
place and really on that we just want to make sure that we focus on Adhikari 
lending to borrowers who we know who are on our platform where we have more 
confidence on ourselves as a lender, how we can engage with them. As far as 
funding of the NBFC is concerned, Naman, as a business, as we've exited the non-
fintech businesses, we are looking at the consolidated balance sheet of DiGiSPICE, 
something that's out there in the public domain. And we do have the balance sheet 
strength to begin to fund the NBFC acquisition as and when we get the NBFC as we 
get the approvals. And then going forward, we will see based on how the business 
evolves, how we should think about the capital requirements and the mix between 
equity and debt. So that's something we can consider. Sunil, you want to add 
anything to that? 
Sunil Kapoor: 
Yeah, of course, that's what you have mentioned. I think from a lending standpoint 
of view, because we have distribution strength and we have an experience with 
some banks about the distribution of secured product. And we have seen early sign 
of acceptability and scalability. So, we will be focusing more on the secured 
distribution and where we will be able to participate with other lenders in co-
lending on our balance sheet. So what Dilip mentioned is secured lending will be our 
focus. 
Amit: 
Thank you both of you. Just one clarity. It seems the first round of question has 
gone directly into Dilip's direct message. So request if people can ask questions in 
the common forum. The next question is from the line of Mohit Bansal. He asks, 
when will the merger get completed and what will be the benefits to the 
consolidated entity? What will be the shareholding pattern post merger? 
Dilip Modi: 
Thank you for that question. I think we are working with the advisors where there 
are steps involved in terms of merger because we have multiple licenses at Spice 
Money which is being merged into DiGiSPICE Technologies. So the first step is to get 
the necessary approvals from all the authorities who've given the licenses as they 
move into the listco. And of course, then there is other statutory approvals that we 
need to go through. We are trying to see how to expedite the approvals, but what 

 
Page 12 of 18 
we are given to understand is that it is a 9 to 12 months process and therefore really 
it moves to the end of the next calendar year, but we are trying to see how to work 
to see how to do this as soon as possible. As far as the benefits are concerned, I 
think clearly the main business of DiGiSPICE which is the fintech business gets 
housed in the listco itself instead of sitting in a subsidiary, so it is kind of removing a 
layer. So it's simplifying the structure. And this is something that we've always 
received feedback on that simplification leads to value unlock better. So this is 
something as well as if you have multiple entities does lead to more costs. And 
therefore it also becomes a more efficient, cost efficient way of creating value. So 
simplicity, efficiency are the two key positives that have led us to take this decision 
of merger and something that we believe will allow people at large to then directly 
get exposed to the fintech business and participate in this journey with us. 
Sunil Kapoor: 
The important thing is with respect to this merger is simplicity and also this will 
enable Spice Money business to have a subsidiary going forward with respect to any 
vertical business we can have or we can have a separate focus on that. So as of now, 
due to layer issue, we can't have a subsidiary of Spice Money that will also help us 
with that. 
Dilip Modi: 
I think the primary reason behind the merger has to be simplicity and the Spice 
Money is the only business of DiGiSPICE now and by merging it, we are kind of 
housing the main business and like Sunil said, to reduce the number of layers 
tomorrow if you were to get the NBFC approval then it comes in as a subsidiary of 
the ListCo directly. 
Amit: 
Thank you. Next question is from Rupesh. What is the primary objective behind this 
merger? 
Dilip Modi: 
I think we've already explained that, Amit. Simplicity, convenience and housing the 
main business in the ListCo itself. 
Amit: 
Next question comes from Siddharth Doshi. In what ways do the September 30, 
2024 balance sheet figures reflect the company's strategic transition towards 
financial technology services? 
Sunil Kapoor: 
So, as the management has decided last year to come out of the digital technology 
services business and focus on the financial services and Spice Money having you 
guys knows about the platform business and whatever the new business we 
mentioned in our presentation with respect to the credit and that's UPI or Spice Pay 
that we are focusing on. So now our group is primarily focusing on the financial 
services business and whatever the opportunities financial services business 
through to us are available on the basis of the reach what we have built on in last 5, 
6 years, we want to write on that. So that's our main focus. 
Amit: 
Continuation of the previous question from Siddharth himself. And to add on 
previous question, what steps is the company taking to address regulatory 
challenges and meet compliance standards in the fintech sector? 

 
Page 13 of 18 
Dilip Modi: 
Siddharth, this is a very important question. And we believe that for us, one of the 
things, when we took a decision to focus on fintech, at the board level, it became 
very clear to us that the two key value drivers, like in any business is governance, 
but especially in the fintech business, it's compliance. When we think of ourselves as 
a fintech company, we see that it's fin followed by tech and not tech followed by fin. 
And so for us, being a responsible financial services participant, compliance is going 
to be key, both in terms of letter and spirit. As you know, this is an ongoing 
partnership and a journey of collaboration with the ecosystem. We are trying to 
solve the unsolved. We are working in an ecosystem where rules are evolving 
because we are moving from an unorganized space to making it organized. So we 
will continue to learn, and we are placing a lot of emphasis, if you look at 
governance, the kind of directors we have on board, coming from the banking 
space, coming from a background of having worked on these important subjects of 
compliance. We have a very dedicated risk compliance function, very rigorous, 
directly reporting into the audit committee. So for us, compliance is key. And if you 
really ask me, personally, I think, if given an option between growth and 
compliance, 100% focus on compliance led growth. We are in this for the long term, 
we are building a business over the next 25 years. We want to make sure we build it 
with the culture of compliance and strong adherence to the spirit of compliance. 
Amit: 
Thank you. I would like to merge next two questions coming in from Rupesh and 
Mohit. It's about the NBFC business. When the business is going to commence 
operations and when will it reflect in our accounts? Also, how is the NBFC business 
funded as of now and its leverage in the business? 
Dilip Modi: 
So obviously, we can only start the NBFC business once we get approvals from the 
regulator. We are awaiting that, we are hoping to get it soon. I'm hoping that we 
can get it within this financial year, but this is not in our hands. This is something 
that we will continue to be guided by the regulator. And as they get more 
comfortable, we will only be able to proceed once we have their blessings. So this is 
an optionality, that is there for us at Spice Money. But we believe there's value and 
therefore, we at Spice Money are hoping that we can demonstrate that there is 
value for us as a company to enter this space to the regulator. If they see merit in it, 
they will give us the approvals and if they give us the approvals, we can start. So this 
is something we will start once we get the approvals. We are organizing ourselves in 
terms of capability. Sunil showed us the numbers in terms of investments. We have 
invested in teams. We have people on board coming with an NBFC background. We 
have been working with third party lenders over the last three years. So we have 
learnings as a LSP, what works, what doesn't work, how to think of underwriting, 
how to think of collections, how to think of risk models. So it's a new business. And 
like I said, we're going to go through this very, very carefully. We're not going to 
rush into credit in terms of scaling up. For us, AUM is not going to be the key driver. 
The key driver is going to be a responsible credit provider that can enable our 
Adhikaris to grow income. And we're going to use that more as a metric of growth. 
As far as funding of the NBFC is concerned, I said earlier, we have the starting 
balance sheet. To start the lending, we'll be able to demonstrate with the money we 
have as to how the models work. We'll test out various models. And as we test out 
and demonstrate that we can build viable models, I'm sure we'll be able to figure 
out ways to raise growth capital to scale it. Our key goal is to make sure that we 

 
Page 14 of 18 
build a responsible credit business, a healthy credit business and a credit business 
that works to grow income rather than just size of book. 
Amit: 
Thank you. Related to this is a question from Mohit. What would be the cost of 
funds for the NBFC and the credit rating right now? 
Dilip Modi: 
Sorry, cost of funds, I think initially, of course, the NBFC will be funded more 
through equity, which is our own balance sheet. And therefore, it's more higher cost 
because it's cost of equity, but we believe that we are trying to build an efficient 
NBFC. The reason we are bringing it under Spice Money is to make sure that we can 
build on the learnings and capabilities and then, of course, extend it to the larger 
MSME ecosystem in rural India. So of course, starting with equity and then 
hopefully, as we move forward and demonstrate models, we'll be able to leverage 
with lower cost capital in the form of debt. And I guess the rating will be a function 
of how we scale the business as well as the mix between secured and unsecured 
lending. 
Amit: 
Thank you. Next question comes from Pritam Bajaj. Sir, is there a delay in NBFC and 
PPI rollout while both the new businesses will have a large investment to be done? 
Consider one in is a B2C play where investments in brand and customer 
engagement will have to be done. On the other side, there is a great opportunity on 
lending the Adhikari and the customer. How is the funding pipeline looking like? 
Also there is a peer now which is listed and has declared a profit and have a very 
similar model RNFI except for its business from an investor's perspective. We will 
have a direct comparison. While you have a Forex business as well, will it not be 
right to merge the business under one entity from a cost and identity in market? 
Dilip Modi: 
So, Pritam, there are three parts to your question, PPI, NBFC and Forex. So let me 
try and cover all three, right? On the PPI side, Pritam, you're absolutely right. It's a 
B2C opportunity. It is basically the next 200 million UPI users in the country. The 
only difference for us, Pritam, is the way we are looking at it is that, unlike other 
players who are participating in this UPI ecosystem, we are participating on the back 
of the platform we already have, Pritam, which is our merchant network and their 
customer base. So we are hoping that we'd be able to leverage this to be able to 
bring down cost of acquisition for UPI. At the same time, we'd be working closely 
with NPCI and the other participants in the ecosystem to see how to create revenue 
models. We do see that while UPI using bank account has no interchange, but UPI 
using the wallet, there is talk with the authorities to bring in an element of 
interchange. So while bringing down the cost of acquisition, we will also see how to 
create a revenue model associated with the UPI business. So needless to say, we will 
continue to see how to efficiently invest and build the UPI business. As far as the 
NBFC is concerned, you're absolutely right. There's a great opportunity to lend to 
the merchant ecosystem, the Adhikari base we have. But like I said, we'll do it step 
by step. We will use the money that we have to test out various products to the 
lenders or to the Adhikaris, see what works. We have within the Adhikari base new 
to credit, existing to credit with different bureau scores. We're going to work 
closely. See, we're coming with a background of having scaled a collections 
business. So for us, we're going to make sure that when we lend, we can collect. 
And so we're going to see which products work, at what cost they work, because 

 
Page 15 of 18 
our challenge is to keep the cost of credit down at the same time to drive 
collections. So everything has to come together for us to build the lending business. 
It is a business that we're going to build in a steady way. We're not going to rush 
into it. We're going to make sure that we are able to make our Adhikaris into help 
them effectively become responsible borrowers and really help them to improve 
their income going forward. On the Forex side, yes, we do have another listed 
entity, WSFx Global Pay in the group. It is running as an outward remittances and 
Forex company. It's an independent space with a different profile of customers, 
which are mainly students and corporates and people traveling for leisure. It is 
again, kind of a Forex fintech company. So we do have two fintech companies in the 
group, Spice Money and WSFx Global Pay. As of now, there's been no discussion at 
either of the boards to think about a potential merger or something like this. These 
companies are building out in their own spaces and have their own growth journeys 
as of now. 
Amit: 
Thank you for the detailed answer. Next question comes from Rupesh. He asks 
about the NBFC business, are there any fundraising plan? And if so, what would be 
the timeline for that? 
Dilip Modi: 
So Rupesh, as far as NBFC is concerned, like I said, once we get the approvals, we'll 
start the business. We'll run pilots using capital of our own to be able to 
demonstrate the robustness of the products that we have. And then we can follow 
it with the capital raise in the new financial year. 
Amit: 
Sure. Siddharth asks another question. He says, thank you, sir, for the answer on the 
compliance. Helps us evaluate the regulatory threats. Last question. As DiGiSPICE 
sharpens its focus on financial technology services segment, how will it strategically 
allocate resources and investment to drive its growth objectives successfully? 
Dilip Modi: 
So I think, as we are becoming a focused fintech company, the profile of the people 
that we have on board, our own teams over the period of time, like I said, we are a 
fintech and not a Techfin business. So effectively, a lot of our team, which is coming 
from a tech background, we are kind of aligning with the demands and the skills 
needed on the financial services side. I think of course our focus is going to be to 
build more and more capability to be able to do more. We have business that has 
been built grounds up. So a lot of our understanding of products going forward will 
be depending on how we continue to see, what works and what doesn't work on 
the ground with our Adhikaris and through them and with them, we'll be able to 
chart out this journey of serving the unmet for my formal financial needs of Bharat 
using technology at the core. 
Amit: 
Thank you sir. Next question comes from Harsh Sharma. Since we are in fragmented 
market/industry and there are peers in the same space, how are we trying to stand 
out in terms of tech stack? 
Dilip Modi: 
So yes, we do, AePS, we have 17% market shares. Of course, there are other players 
who are operating in this space. But if you see today, Spice Money is the most 
preferred platform amongst the merchant ecosystem looking to offer AePS service. 
So we have invested significantly on our platform stability. I mentioned about new 

 
Page 16 of 18 
products that we are bringing on the AePS side. Today on the collection side, we are 
working with some of the largest MFIs and NBFCs in the country and that couldn't 
work if the stack did not work. We are investing in our capabilities to build on the 
UPI stack and of course on the lending stack as an NBFC. So I think when it compares 
to other players in the market, we have our own focus in terms of product lines that 
we are doing and Sunil showed some of the data in terms of investment in new 
businesses and a lot of that investment is going in terms of people and tech. 
Amit: 
Thank you, Dilip. Next question comes from Pritam Bajaj. Also, Jio is expected to be 
seen in this space in the last quarter this year. How are we preparing ourselves for a 
giant player entering this space? Are we looking at any inorganic growth too? 
Dilip Modi: 
Pritam, my experience has been focus on customer, not competitor. I think for me, I 
don't know where competition will come from. I just know that we are serving the 
whole of India with our Adhikaris and through our Adhikaris, we will stay the course, 
we'll stay focused. Very difficult to pre-empt where competition is coming from. 
What are they thinking? We are just focused on what we are doing and we are 
seeing result of that. So we'll just stay the course, Pritam and hope for the best. 
Amit: 
Next question is from Rupesh. This is with regard to the question, can you shed light 
on the technology advancements and R&D initiatives that DiGiSPICE is focusing on 
to stay ahead in the fintech sector? 
Dilip Modi: 
I think this is an amazing question and something that we are really committed to. 
You see, if you think about technology, and while I said we are fintech and not 
techfin, but technology is at the core of what we are doing. So what are the 
opportunities for us to work on technology. For example, there are barriers in terms 
of ease of use. So when we are entering UPI, how do we want to build our product 
which is very easy for first-time UPI users to use? So we're focusing a lot on UI and 
UX. Voice is going to be a big thing. So for us, we are a biometrics, we run on the 
back of a biometric stack. So effectively, Aadhaar-enabled payment system is using 
the thumbprint. Going forward, we're talking about face authentication and many of 
us who use DigiYatra, day in day out, at airports know that face authentication 
works. In biometrics, we are one of the leaders in the world around that. As Spice 
Money, we are committed to investing behind biometrics. And then the question on 
voice. I think with language barriers, 9 out of 10 new users on internet are non-
English speaking. We have to figure out a way how to use Gen AI, new language 
models to build voice-based vernacular solutions. So biometrics and voice are two 
big areas that we're going to commit to on tech. We are looking to partner with, one 
of the things that we are excited about is to partner with Academia. There's a lot of 
innovation happening within institutions, which is low cost, frugal innovation. I had 
the opportunity recently to meet Professor Anil Gupta, who's working on Grassroots 
innovation, someone from IIM Ahmedabad background. As a country, fintech has 
made us really given a lot of confidence to us as a country that we can innovate. We 
were from followers who are becoming leaders on innovation and UPI has shown 
the way, right that the world is looking at UPI. And we believe that AePS is 
effectively going to become the top of the funnel for the next generation of UPI 
users in the country. So for us, technology is something that we are building 
homegrown as a country, as an ecosystem. Fintech is doing stuff, which is amazing 

 
Page 17 of 18 
and we at Spice Money want to participate and contribute to this. So, a lot of focus 
on technology. The key is going to be people. The key is going to be about attracting 
the right talent and working with the right talent. So that's something that we 
continue to work on. We hope that we can go out there and convince great talent to 
solve for rural. We are an impact story as much as a for-profit growth story. And I'm 
hoping we can, I met Professor Anil Gupta two days back and he made a statement. 
He said, can we create hunger amongst the best minds in India to serve the poor? If 
we can do that as a country and as a company, I think we'll see amazing tech being 
developed, which will solve for rural and we'll be able to demonstrate to the world 
that rural can actually implement the best of technologies and can actually compete 
and offer the best even to consumers who can't afford to pay a lot. 
Amit: 
Amazing answer. Pritam says thanks for the reply to the question that you 
answered. Next question comes from Harsh Sharma. Also our presence in different 
geographies, has it remained stagnant? Any particular reasons for that? 
Dilip Modi: 
I would not say stagnant, but yes, we've not grown as much in the South as we 
would like to. I think it's just a factor of time. I guess there have been lots of things 
that we've been working on the product side and on the tech side and all of that 
stuff. I think there's been competition also coming into some of our strong markets 
and we've been trying to make sure that we don't lose our positioning over there. 
But yes, to that extent, if you see our market share has been holding at 17%, ideally 
it should be growing. And yeah, that's the thing we have to turn the needle. We 
have to move from a holding market share to a growing market share. And we at 
Spice Money are committed to that. 
Amit: 
Rupesh has a question, I think is in continuation of the previous question. What is 
the percentage of your overall budget which has been allocated to technology 
innovation? And how much has this changed over the past few quarters? 
Dilip Modi: 
Rupesh, if you ask me, really, this is something that I think Sunil and I talk about a lot 
in terms of how to do the investments. We are actually now beginning to show the 
segment between investing in current business and new business. It's not as much 
as I would like it to be. Actually, I want to invest a lot more in technology innovation. 
I'm hoping that once our corporate restructuring is over, we can start allocating 
more capital to innovation. So right now, I don't want to talk to you about numbers 
because it's not as much as we would like it to be. I want this number to grow and 
maybe in the coming quarters we will talk more about this number. 
Amit: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand over the call to Dilip for 
his closing remark. Over to you, sir. 
Dilip Modi: 
Well, I would just like to say thank you for all those who showed up on the call. I 
know many of you have come to these calls multiple times. It's so amazing to see 
people giving time to listen to what we are doing. I can just conclude by saying that 
we at Spice Money are a mission focused company. We are a purpose driven 
company. We want to solve for the unsolved. We want to solve for the unmet 
formal financial needs of Bharat. We have an amazing network of merchants- 
hungry, committed, driven to serve customers and small businesses in rural India. 

 
Page 18 of 18 
We're very conscious of the ecosystem we are working in. We want to be a 
responsible participant in the financial services ecosystem. We share the concerns 
of the regulator when they talk about NPAs and the need to build a robust financial 
services sector. We want to be a responsible participant in the financial services 
space. Of course, it comes with a lot of responsibility, but it also comes with making 
sure that we give up on many opportunities if we feel that it could lead to concerns 
from a systemic risk point of view. So we will continue to tread very cautiously and 
very carefully because we are working in a part of India that's financially vulnerable 
because there are issues of financial literacy and we want to make sure that we as a 
responsible player are not only able to grow business, but also be able to organize 
the unorganized financial services sector. So we'll make our humble contribution 
towards that. Thank you so much for showing up on these calls. If there's anything, 
please do keep reaching out to us. We need as much support in this journey. We are 
on a long-term journey, but together we can build a fix in Bharat. Thank you so 
much. 
Amit: 
Thank you, sir. With this concluding remark, we now close the call. You may please 
disconnect the call. Thank you. 
 
***** 
Note : 
This transcript is provided without express or implied warranties of any kind and should 
be read in conjunction with the accompanying materials published by the company. The 
information contained in the transcript is a textual representation of the company's 
event and while efforts are made to provide an accurate transcription, there may be 
errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the reporting of the substance of the event. The 
transcript has been edited wherever required for clarity, correctness of data or 
transcription error.   
This document may contain “forward-looking statements” - that is, statements related 
to future, not past, events. In this context, forward-looking statements often address our 
expected future business and financial performance, and often contain words such as 
“expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “should” “shall” or 
“will.” Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different 
degrees, uncertain. These uncertainties may cause our actual future results to be 
materially different that those expressed in our forward-looking statements. We do not 
undertake to update our forward-looking statements. 
 
