 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 540767 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: NAM-INDIA 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter 
ended September 30, 2024, conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on October 24, 
2024, for your information and records. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company:  
https://mf.nipponindiaim.com/InvestorServices/pdfDocuments/Conference-Call-Transcript-for-Q2-FY-
2025.pdf 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
 
 
Valde Varghese 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: A/a 
VALDE 
VARGHESE 
PONTHOKKEN
Digitally signed by 
VALDE VARGHESE 
PONTHOKKEN 
Date: 2024.10.28 
12:16:33 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 20 
 
Data Classification: Public
 
 
 
Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
Q2 FY2025 Earnings Conference Call 
 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
• MR. SUNDEEP SIKKA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CEO 
• MR. PARAG JOGLEKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
• MR. SAUGATA CHATTERJEE – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER 
• MR. AMOL BILAGI – DEPUTY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
• MR. ARPANARGHYA SAHA – CHIEF DIGITAL OFFICER 
• MR. ARUN SUNDARESAN – HEAD OF ETF 
• MR. ASHISH CHUGANI – HEAD OF AIF 
• MR. SHIN MATSUI-SAN - NOMINEE OF NIPPON LIFE INSURANCE, 
JAPAN 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. JIGNESH SHIAL – INCRED EQUITIES 
 
 

                                 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Data Classification: Public
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Nippon Life India Asset 
Management Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by InCred Equities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Jignesh Shial from InCred Equities. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Jignesh Shial: 
Yes. Thank you, Steve and good evening, everyone. On behalf of InCred 
Equities, I welcome all to Nippon Life India Asset Management Q2 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. We have along with us Mr. Sundeep Sikka, 
Executive Director and CEO, Mr. Parag Joglekar, the Chief Financial Officer, 
and the senior management team of Nippon Life India Asset Management. We 
are thankful to the management for allowing us this opportunity. I would now 
like to hand it over to Mr. Sundeep Sikka, Executive Director and CEO of 
Nippon Life India Asset Management for his opening remarks. Over to you, 
sir. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Good evening and welcome to our Q2 FY25 earnings conference call. 
We have with us, Chief Financial Officer – Parag Joglekar who has joined us 
recently, Chief Business Officer - Saugata Chatterjee, Deputy Chief 
Financial Officer - Amol Bilagi, Chief Digital Officer - Arpan Saha, Head 
ETF - Arun Sundaresan, Head AIF - Ashish Chugani, and Shin Matsui-san, 
nominee from Nippon Life Insurance (Japan). 
 
I would like to share some comments on the recent Industry trends and our 
performance, prior to addressing your questions. 
 
I would like to start by mentioning that in Q2 FY25, NAM India has achieved 
its highest ever quarterly Profit After Tax of INR 3.60 bn as well as its 
highest ever quarterly Operating Profit at INR 3.65 bn. Further, our Equity 
Net Sales market share and SIP market share remain well above our 
Equity AUM market share.  
 
 
 

                                 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 3 of 20 
 
Data Classification: Public
Beginning with the markets: 
Equity markets in Q2 FY25 displayed another strong performance overall. 
The NIFTY moved up 7.5% QoQ, while the NIFTY Mid & Small Cap indices 
rose by 7.1% & 7.6%, respectively. RBI held the repo-rate steady at 6.50%, 
while the 10 Year G-Sec yield moderated by 26 bps QoQ to 6.75%. 
 
Coming to data on the Mutual Fund industry: 
1. Industry QAAUM grew by 12% QoQ and 41% YoY in Q2 FY25 to INR 66.2 
trillion. 
2. Strong momentum in the Equity segment sustained, as the share of Equity in 
overall AUM continued to increase, ending at 60.9% for Q2 FY25, up from 
53.5% for Q2 FY24. 
 
Now, moving to Industry flows: 
1) The Equity category (excluding index funds and arbitrage funds) witnessed a 
gross inflow of INR 2.78 trillion and a net inflow of INR 1.32 trillion – both 
gross and net inflows were higher on a QoQ basis for a fifth successive 
quarter. 
2) Categories with the highest inflows were Sectoral/Thematic funds, Multi 
Cap and Multi Asset Allocation funds. 
3) Moving on to SIP - Investments via the SIP route further increased, with the 
SIP contribution for the quarter being INR 714 bn, up 52% YoY and 14% 
QoQ. 
4) Monthly SIP flows in Sep-2024 stood at INR 245 bn, which was another all-
time high.  
5) The Fixed Income category i.e. (debt + liquid), witnessed a net inflow of 
INR 507 bn which was lower on a QoQ basis. 
6) The ETF category had a net inflow of INR 204 bn. 
 
At the end of the quarter, unique investors in the Mutual Fund Industry 
increased to 50.1 mn i.e., an increase of 24% YoY. 
 
Now moving to our business performance: 
1) We closed the quarter with total assets under management of INR 6.54 trillion. 
This includes Mutual Funds, Managed Accounts and Offshore Funds. 
2) Our Mutual Fund QAAUM grew 14% QoQ & 57% YoY to reach INR 5.49 
trillion. This made us the fastest growing AMC among the Top-5 AMCs 

                                 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Data Classification: Public
over a 6 month, 1 year and 3 year time frame. We also had the highest 
increase in QAAUM market share on a YoY basis among all AMCs.  
 
I would now like to share a few key highlights for the quarter: 
1) Starting with market share - Our market share increased 9 bps QoQ and 83 
bps YoY to 8.29% with market share increases across most asset 
categories. This is the sixth successive quarter of market share increase that 
we have witnessed. 
2) Our Equity market share also continues to improve. It increased by 8 bps 
QoQ and 43 bps YoY to 6.96%. This is our highest Equity market share post 
Dec-2020. 
3) The share of Equity AUM in our overall AUM continued to increase and 
stood at 51.1% for Q2 FY25, up from 49.8% as of Q1 FY25. 
4) We achieved a high single-digit market share in net sales in the Equity + 
Hybrid segment in Q2 FY25. However, excluding NFOs our market share 
would be in double digits. 
5) We continue to have the largest base in the Mutual Fund industry, with 
18.9 mn unique investors. We are humbled to have over 1 in 3 mutual fund 
investors invest with us. 
 
I would also like to touch upon some important aspects of our Systematic 
Book: 
1) I am happy to share that there has been a continued uptick in our systematic 
flows over the last 13 quarters, which has led to an increase in market share. 
2) SIP market share increased by 52 bps to 9.88% over June 2024 to 
September 2024. This also represents an increase of 385 bps over March 
2023 when our SIP market share was ~6%. 
3) Our monthly systematic book rose by 22% QoQ and 81% YoY to INR 31.4 
bn for September 2024. This resulted in an annualized systematic book of 
INR 376 bn. 
 
I would now like to update you on the increase in headcount witnessed in 
the quarter:  
1) Our employee headcount increased by ~85 employees in Q2 FY25.  
2) As stated on the previous call, we had inducted ~55 management trainees in 
July-2024. 

                                 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Data Classification: Public
3) As AIF remains an important focus area for us, we have also added resources 
on this front. 
4) We will continue to invest in our future growth, including talent, technology, 
and other areas. 
 
Moving on briefly to the ETF Segment: 
1) We continue to be one of the largest ETF players with AUM of INR 1.48 
trillion and a market share of 18.2% (which increased by 37 bps QoQ and 
414 bps YoY). 
2) Our share in the industry’s ETF folios is 57%. We have 56% share of ETF 
volumes on the NSE and the BSE. Our ETFs’ average daily volumes, across 
key funds, remain far higher than the rest of the Industry. 
3) Further, our Gold ETF, is the 11th largest Passive Gold Fund in terms of 
AUM globally. 
4) To further augment our Passive offerings, we launched 2 New Products in the 
Index Funds Category in the quarter, namely the Nippon India Nifty 500 
Equal Weight Index Fund and Nippon India Nifty 500 Momentum 50 Index 
Fund. 
 
Moving on to our digital franchise: 
1) Digital purchase transactions rose to 3.97 million in Q2 FY25, up 160% 
YoY. Digital Business contributed 70% of the total new purchase 
transactions Q2 FY25. 
2) ONDC is one of the major initiatives undertaken by the Government of India 
towards financial inclusion. NIMF was part of the first ever Mutual Fund 
transaction on ONDC platform that happened at the Global Fintech Fest, in 
August 2024. 
 
Now, I would like to briefly update you on our subsidiaries - namely the 
AIF & Singapore subsidiaries: 
1) Starting off with AIF - Under, Nippon India AIF, we offer Category II and 
Category III AIFs and have a total commitment of INR 67.7 bn across various 
schemes. 
2) Fundraising is currently underway for our Listed Equity AIF, Performing 
Credit AIF, and Direct VC Fund.  

                                 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Data Classification: Public
3) During the quarter we have undertaken final closing of one of our Real 
Estate Credit AIFs - a follow-on fund to an existing Real Estate mandate from 
Japanese Investors. 
4) On the Offshore front - We have witnessed good equity inflows in the quarter 
from various international geographies. Offshore AUM grew 56% YoY to 
INR 172 bn. 
5) Our UCITS Equity Fund has now crossed an AUM of USD 500 mn and we 
continue to explore new and niche offerings in the Indian Equity space for 
International Investors. 
 
Now on to our Financial Performance: 
• 
For Q2 FY25, Revenue stood at INR 5.71 bn, up 44% YoY and 13% QoQ. 
• 
Other Income stood at INR 1.21 bn, up 55% YoY and down 8% QoQ. 
• 
Operating Profit stood at INR 3.65 bn, up 57% YoY and 19% QoQ. 
• 
Profit After Tax stood at INR 3.60 bn - up 47% YoY and 8% QoQ.  
• 
The Tax component in the quarter includes a one-off impact owing to 
changes in tax regime post the Budget i.e., i) removal of indexation benefit 
on Debt Mutual Funds invested prior to March 31, 2023 and ii) increase in 
Short Term and Long Term Capital Gains Tax on Equity Mutual Funds. 
• 
For H1 FY25, Operating Profit grew by 58% YoY, Profit After Tax grew by 
44% YoY. 
• 
Further, the Board of Directors has declared an Interim Dividend of INR 8.00 
per share along with the Q2 FY25 results. 
 
To conclude, I would like to again mention that we have been the fastest 
growing AMC over 6 months, 1 year and 3 years and we will endeavour to 
continue our journey of profitable growth going forward as well. 
 
With this, I would like to conclude my remarks and open the floor for 
questions. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Krupanshu from Thinqwise Wealth. 
Please go ahead. 
 

                                 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Data Classification: Public
Krupanshu: 
Yes. Sir, you mentioned that ONDC we had a first transaction. So I just wanted 
to understand how is ONDC helping you and the industry at large basically? 
And if you could just speak about ONDC in general, I just wanted to 
understand that one thing. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Sure. I will request my colleague, Arpan to give some inputs on this. But I'd 
just like to give an initial comment. ONDC is Government of India's largest 
initiative equivalent to or bigger than UPI, and it will help a lot for financial 
inclusion in India. Our transaction is in spirit of continuous innovation that we 
plan to do and launch new products and try to keep exploring new avenues to 
reach small investors in small cities and towns. In line with that, I'll request 
Arpan if he wants to add anything else. 
 
Arpan Saha: 
Thank you Sundeep and thank you for the question. So the Open Network for 
Digital Commerce is as Sundeep mentioned an initiative by the Government 
of India. The objective is to democratize digital commerce to reach out to the 
numerous sellers and buyers across the last mile in this country. Also as part 
of our digital strategy, we believe that in order to have inclusion of new 
customers for the mutual fund industry it's important to go beyond BFSI 
partnerships and touch upon the retail space where people have still not got 
etched on the mutual fund industry. And we believe that ONDC would be a 
great platform, which will gain a lot of momentum in the years to come. 
 
 
And each and every Indian customer who would be able to invest in Nippon 
India Mutual Fund along with the rest of the asset management industry, 
especially the huge base of B2C customers in Tier 3, 4 locations and the pin 
codes where internet has penetrated, but mutual fund is just starting to gather 
momentum. It is the right time to do that. And Nippon, in fact, was the first 
asset management company to partner and get an opportunity with ONDC to 
start the mutual fund business on this platform for the consumer. Thank you. 
 
Krupanshu Shah: 
So just one follow-up on that. So are we like paying ONDC for some kind of 
a data analysis on that sense for those cities where we cannot have reach? Just 
wanted to understand that. 
 
Arpan Saha: 
No, we are not in any kind of payment structure because we believe that both 
ONDC and Nippon have the same vision of inclusivity for the digital 

                                 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Data Classification: Public
commerce space, and therefore, it is important that we jointly get customers to 
the mutual fund for us. So that's the overall vision that we have jointly. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Lalit Deo: 
Congratulations on the good quarter. Sir, just 2 questions. Firstly, on the SIP 
flows. So we have gained about more than 50 basis points of market share on 
a sequential basis. I just wanted to understand, like which of the categories we 
are seeing a huge improvement in the SIP flows. And also you can talk -- could 
you talk about the different channels where we have been gaining market 
share? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So Lalit I'll request my colleague Saugata Chatterjee to answer this question. 
 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
Thanks Lalit for this question. Yes. So SIP for us, like we have been 
mentioning in the previous calls, it's a very, very important part of our strategy. 
And when we are trying to acquire these SIPs from the various parts of India. 
We use multiple channels. For us, digital is a big channel. We also use the feet-
on-street model where our mutual fund distributors, the bank and various stock 
broking arms, they are all -- they have all onboarded our funds. And through 
the retail channels, we acquire these SIPs in the market. The good part is we 
have a very strong franchise of beyond 30 channels who are participating in 
our SIP growth. 
 
 
So it's a cumulative effort of digital, physical efforts which we are putting on 
the ground to increase the SIP book. We also do a lot of digital marketing 
activities using all our existing client base to enhance the SIP book as well as 
to ensure that multiple products are acquired through the digital channel. That's 
the way we are increasing our SIP book. 
 
Lalit Deo: 
Sure, sir. And second, on the yield side. So our calculation suggest that revenue 
yields have broadly been remained stable on a QoQ basis in the standalone 
business. But despite the strong growth in the overall AUM. So could you give 
us the segment-wise yields like have you seen any pressure on the -- across 
different segments? 
 

                                 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Data Classification: Public
Amol Bilagi: 
Amol here. So on the yield side, because of telescope pricing at the AUM 
growth, I think the pressure on the yield would continue as we have been 
maintaining same over the call. So for the current quarter, the yield stood at 
around 37 basis points, a drop of around 0.5 basis point QoQ. As far as asset 
class wise is concerned, the yield on the equity stood at around 58 basis points. 
On debt, it stood around 25 basis points, on liquid around 12 basis points and 
on ETF around 15 basis points. 
 
Lalit Deo: 
Sure. And sir, another thing was like one of our competitive peer has probably 
cut distribution -- has cut yields on the back book of the distributors. So going 
ahead, do we see any similar kind of reaction from our side just to protect our 
revenue yield? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
As a process, we continue to always keep evaluating wherever there's an 
opportunity. As I mentioned in closing remarks, we will continue focusing on 
profitable growth. And as a part of that, we have it in past also, we looked at 
the brokerages, and we will continue doing that irrespective of what the 
competition does or not do. Our focus remains, while we have seen a lot of 
increase in our market share. But between market share, top line and bottom 
line, our focus has always been on bottom line. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Shreya Shivani: 
So just wanted to check on the tax that has come in. So whatever was the excess 
that we would have incurred because of the change from March '23 till now, 
we've taken all of it 2Q, and we should not expect anything higher than this 
coming up in the coming quarters. I'm just asking because this tax rate was a 
big question mark for this quarter and your tax rate and what probably your 
peer has reported is very different. And I understand the mix is very different 
and so many things could be different for the calculation of it, but I just wanted 
a clarification on that. 
 
 
Second, I wanted to check that on the employee addition, you mentioned -- you 
had mentioned 55 management trainees had joined in July. And had you also 
mentioned about 45 new employees’ addition in this financial year? So is it 
like there are 90 people added in FY '25? This is my second question. 

                                 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Data Classification: Public
 
 
And my third question is just something that I was wondering that on your 
small and mid-cap fund, so I understand that if I take Nippon small and mid-
cap fund as a market share of the total small and mid-cap industry, it's been -- 
it dipped a little back to about 13% or so. Do we internally keep any market 
share limits over here or any market share limits in the non -- in the other large 
caps, et cetera, because there, you've significantly gained market share in the 
small and mid-cap equity portfolio. So do we internally keep any limits, any 
ranges that we want to be in? Those are my 3 questions. 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
Yes. Thanks, Shreya for the question. So I would take the tax part of it and 
then probably other colleagues can take the other part. So on the tax front, see, 
how we go about when we provide for taxes on a yearly basis, what is the 
effective tax rate that we foresee that is going to happen. So on that basis, what 
we force is the tax rate for the year is as of now tax rate forecast is 25.7% of -
- roughly 26%. And that is what you will see in the half yearly results tax rate 
if you look at it. 
 
 
So we -- that is how we posted as mentioned. So we have taken the full impact 
of the change in the tax rate and the indexation benefit that is 1. We have taken 
the full impact of that in this quarter. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So on the other 2 questions on the employees. We have added 130 employees 
in H1, 45 were added in Q1 and 85 were added in Q2. We broadly feel for this 
financial year, this number will not go up maybe by about another 10, 15, but 
we have finished our recruitment for this year. That is point number one of the 
employees. 
 
 
Coming to the other question on the small cap and market share. We do not 
like to approach it like from a market share of a segment point of view. Our 
focus is very simple that we'll continue every fund, every category is important 
for us. We will ensure that we continue to deliver superior returns and let the 
investor decide where he wants to come rather than put individual market share 
targets in a subcategory. We feel that is not a very customer-centric approach. 
Let customers take the decision whether he wants to come based on risk 
appetite. 
 

                                 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Data Classification: Public
 
From our perspective, overall, as a portfolio, every fund remains equally 
important. It's not that small cap is more important than others. And as we have 
mentioned in the past, the inflows for us, even after we put a cap on the small 
cap, inflows we are seeing across the various funds. I hope this answers your 
question. 
 
Shreya Shivani: 
Yes. That's useful. One more question, if I can add is on your managed account. 
That book -- okay, I'm not very sure of this, but that includes your AIF 
business, right, the INR825 billion? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Yes, that includes. 
 
Shreya Shivani: 
Yes. So I was just trying to understand that book has been largely flat between 
June and September. So any color around that? What has happened and some 
color on that would be useful? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So you're right, it's broadly been flat. There has been some fundraise, but 
there's also some maturities. There are some funds which have matured, I think, 
and they have seen an outflow. From our perspective, as I mentioned earlier, 
we are currently underway in our fundraise for our listed equity AIF, 
performing credit AIF and a direct venture fund. 
 
 
So as you can understand unlike mutual funds, many of these things - some of 
these are also foreign flows they take a little time, and they are more binary. 
We believe we are building up a strong foundation. And even maybe in the 
next quarter or two also you might see it relatively flat because it will take a 
little time. But all I can say is this is going to be an important business for us. 
 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it. So should I interpret it as it is an account whether inflow outflow can 
be chunky. That bit is correct, right? If the money can come in huge amounts 
and then exit in huge amounts, right? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So there are two parts to it. I mean, definitely when you look at the offshore 
mandates and all, they are chunky. But I want to also clarify, what you're seeing 
in the managed account, a very large is the Postal Life Insurance mandate that 
we manage. And so that also has a reflection of mark-to-market their flows and 
inflows. 

                                 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Data Classification: Public
 
 
But on your bigger question on - is that AIF remains very critical for us. In 
fact, when I talked about recruitment also head count, as specifically 
mentioned we are adding a lot more senior resources in AIF business. And 
we're building a strong foundation for future. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Firstly, I just wanted to understand the behaviour of the customers especially 
coming in from the digital players like Groww, Angel One and those kind of 
digital customers. Is it that a lion's share comes to the top three schemes -- top 
rank three schemes the category and the lower schemes get a much lower share. 
So basically trying to understand whether the quartile -- importance of quartile 
is kind of receding, and the top three rank is kind of holding up better? That 
would be my first question? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
I would not like to go for the customers of a particular channel, coming through 
ABC distribution on its digital partner. But broadly, what we have seen is 
digital, investors which are coming through digital are also in offline. There 
can be divided in 2 different categories. There are investors who are especially 
some of the first-time investors for whom the returns become a very, very 
important thing. they look at the only the returns. But what we have seen as 
investors mature and they try to see a longer track record of the companies, 
which have been -- how they have performed in different market cycles. And 
no two investors are the same. 
 
 
So these are the investors, there will be investors who like to see funds which 
have a track record of 20 years. For them, the -- some investors that could be a 
very important thing. For some investors, performance of the last quarter forget 
1 year could also be important. So there's no single trend that we can figure out 
from digital channels, but one thing that you must see that works whether it is 
digital or offline, funds having the long-term track record and have performed 
through different market cycles, they tend to get away with the lion's share, 
irrespective in one or two quarters, you can see a little bit of slip here or there, 
but consistency over a long period of time is what gets rewarded. 
 

                                 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Data Classification: Public
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. Secondly, on the international fundraising - what are the recent 
developments? And what are the things that you guys have planned for the next 
couple of years? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
There are two parts to it. I'll break it down Japan and ex-Japan. So as a regular 
day-to-day basis, because of our UCITS structure, and we have come some 
advisory mandates globally, which keeps happening. But we've also seen a lot 
of interest from Japan. At this point of time, while I won't be able to give 
specifics. But over the next 6 to 9 months, you will see a couple of new funds, 
India dedicated funds getting launched in Japan, which will be managed by us. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
And Japan? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
In next 6 to 9 months. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
So you said a couple of schemes in Japan in the next 6 to 9 months, right? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Yes. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
And what about ex-Japan? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Japan is like our home country, we're very strong there. But other than that, 
also there are a couple of Middle Eastern sovereign wealth funds that we are 
managing. We are seeing flow coming from Europe also. But in Japan, we have 
a distinct advantage being the home country for us. We are very bullish on that. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. And last question is on the commission structure you mentioned that 
you make corrective actions here and there. But is it a trend that you basically 
to protect the further fall in yields from here on with respect to the growth in 
AUM, would you want to kind of link to the commission structure to the TERs 
and rather protect your yield as well by not passing on -- by passing on the hit 
of the TER to the distributors? Is that a thought that we are working with so 
that our yields kind of get protected in further falling TERs because of the 
telescopic structure? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
I won't get into the nitty-gritty, but my sense is you will see industry moving 
towards that. 

                                 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Data Classification: Public
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from 
Nuvama Wealth Management. Please go ahead. 
 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. So just a couple of questions from 
my side. I don't know whether you've already addressed this because I missed 
a little bit of the call. First, is there some reduction in Q-o-Q equity yields? 
And I just wanted to get a sense of what is driving that? And if you could also 
give your segment-wise yield, that would be useful. 
 
 
Second, what is driving such a strong other income? And third, even if I adjust 
your tax amount by the INR 29.5 crores of that deferred tax liability, our tax 
rate for the quarter is still quite low. So what is happening there? If you could 
help us with that. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Madhukar, I'll request Parag and Amol to take this question. 
 
Parag Joglekar: 
So Madhukar, I think, Amol covered the realization which we have. So there 
is a slight drop because due to the telescopic pricing in equity, it has dropped 
to from 60-odd to 58 around. And so that is there. So as telescopic pricing, 
there will be some more movement in the yields will happen on equity. Debt 
remained in the range of around 24, 25 basis and liquid remain in the range of 
around 12 basis. 
 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Got it. 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
Yes. On the other income front, Madhukar, it is more due to mark-to-market. 
There's nothing -- anything one-off or something like that. It is clearly mark-
to-market. It is on the investment that we have in the mutual fund equity debt 
scheme. 
 
Madhukar Ladha: 
That's why the tax rate is low because... 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
Yes. Tax definitely the higher the other income, it would have a positively 
impact on the overall tax rate. 
 

                                 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Data Classification: Public
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Darshan Shah from Multi-Act 
Equity. Please go ahead. 
 
Darshan Shah: 
My question is on the commission rationalization part. So on what percentage 
of AUM have you rationalized the commission? And have we seen the full 
impact in this quarter? 
 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
Yes. Darshan, this is Saugata. So commission rationalization, like we have 
mentioned in our earlier calls. So we had done in our small-cap fund, which 
was the largest fund of ours. We have done the entire -- on the book, the 
commission rationalization was done, which continues to fall in place because 
we have now set up a system whereas per the TER movement, the commercials 
keep going down in case of small cap fund. The similar logic has been applied 
to all the new businesses which come in all the funds. 
 
 
So depending on the telescopic pricing, the new brokerage structure on the new 
flows continues to move in that direction. So we are technically, it's a pass-
through what is happening at this point in time. 
 
Darshan Shah: 
But there is no change in the back book commission side, except for the small 
cap fund? 
 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
On the entire book, of course, it was the small-cap fund, and we are evaluating. 
As you progress, we will definitely keep assessing opportunities to look at the 
entire book on certain funds. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Santosh Keshri from SKK 
HUF. Please go ahead. 
 
Santosh Keshri: 
Actually, a few queries from the financials. Like, I can see that our revenue 
QoQ went up by 13%, whereas the PBT is up only by 10.78%. Now in this 
kind of business, the operating metrics is more in favour of the business, it 
should not -- it should be more than the percentage of revenue that it went up 
by. So may I know the reason? Is this because of ESOP cost? 
 

                                 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Data Classification: Public
Amol Bilagi: 
So if you look at it -- you're right, the revenue from operation has gone over 
13%, but the other income is down 8%. So that is also having an impact on the 
PBT level. So that's why the PBT is up by 11%. 
 
Santosh Keshri: 
Okay. And what is the impact of ESOP cost in this quarter? And how long it 
will continue if you can just give full numbers? 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
So the ESOP for the quarter, it would be around INR 11-12 crores. And for this 
year, as we have maintained that for this year, the ESOP hit on account of the 
ESOP granted would be around in the range of INR 42-45 crores. 
 
Santosh Keshri: 
And second thing is from the business point of view, I guess we haven't 
launched any new ETF or new fund for fund for subscription by the investors. 
But even then, we can see that the fees and commission line is going up, like 
we have seen an increase of almost 7% QoQ and 23% YoY. So what's the 
reason that the fees and commission will go up while we are not launching any 
new fund? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So Santosh this is not only for the mutual fund, but also on the AIF side. That 
is why there is a slight increase on the fees and commission. 
 
Santosh Keshri: 
What you're seeing is a consolidated basis. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Yes, not mutual fund. 
 
Santosh Keshri: 
And any reason, sir, we are not launching new funds because our competition 
is launching new funds, and they are collecting money in buckets. And most 
of the subscriptions are hugely successful, a lot of funds are coming in and 
their profits are also -- even though they are quite large, their profits are much 
more appreciating QoQ increment is much more than us. So any reason we're 
averse to launching new funds? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So Santosh, I think, as we have mentioned in the past, we would not like to 
launch multiple NFOs. We like to focus scaling up our existing schemes, and 
wherever we have good performance, continue creating wealth for investors 
and scale it up. We do not believe in launching NFOs which is more asset 
gathering strategy. From our point of view, the two principles guide us.  

                                 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Data Classification: Public
Number one is to create wealth for investors, we focus on the existing schemes. 
And for the shareholders, the focus will be on profitable growth. So we do not 
want to be distracted by short-term increase in AUM, which comes with NFOs, 
which may or may not be sticky or sustainable from long-term point of view. 
 
Santosh Keshri: 
Okay. So that's the biggest call we have taken. 
 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
And also Santosh. Just a reference point should be that our net sales growth is 
very consistent over the last 1 year, month-on-month. So we don't get impacted 
by these NFOs, because there's a lot of churn money which keeps coming in 
NFOs. We are looking at fresh flows which keeps giving us growth. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So what you should see is basically our SIP book has almost doubled. And the 
market share has doubled in last 3, 4 years. And we believe it is slow growth, 
but consistent and stable growth. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Gupta, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Amit Gupta: 
Most of the questions have been answered. But one question which I've been 
looking to ask is like we are the leading player in the ETF and ETF segment. 
But we are not launching any innovative products like triple ETF, triple 
leverage ETFs, which are like in U.S.? Are we not allowed to do launch such 
ETFs in India, or we have not pushed those to -- SEBI to introduce such ETFs 
India? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Mr. Amit, broadly, we continue, like we mentioned in the opening address, we 
launched two new products this time in this quarter, which was Nippon India 
Nifty 500 Equal Weight and Nippon India 500 Momentum 50 Index Fund. 
Some of these are industry first. We continue evaluating various products. 
Some of the products that you mentioned right now, some are not allowed by 
the regulator and some we have a very strong view. Overall, we like to launch 
products such as simple and easy for investors to understand. 
 
 
We do not want to get into complex products, which basically is difficult for 
investors to understand. And while in the short-term, they look very exciting. 
But from a long-term point of view, they may or may not be good for investor. 

                                 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Data Classification: Public
But we'll continue evaluating. I would also like to share with you our ETF and 
passive product suite is one of the largest in the industry. And this also gets 
reflected in the number of investors and the total market share we have. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Sakhare from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
I just have one number question. What would be your realizations or yields in 
the pension in the offshore business? 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
Generally, we don't give out that number. So it would be in the range -- actually 
you see on the government, it will be on the lower side, but on the AIF and 
other businesses it could be in the range of 0.5% to 1.5%. 
 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it. And just one more, if you can share any outlook on expense growth for 
the next 6 to 12 months? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So Abhijeet, the expense growth we are looking at except ESOP should be in 
the range of around 15%-odd that should be the outlook we are looking at. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Jani from Prabhudas 
Lilladher. Please go ahead. 
 
Gaurav Jani: 
Congrats on the quarter. So two questions from my side. One is a slightly 
broader question. I mean also according to the industry, I mean, not only you 
guys, but last 2-odd years we have seen elevated commissions, elevated 
payouts which is sort of normalizing right across some of the AMCs. So could 
this trend continue for 1.5, 2 years? I mean, how should we look at it? That's 
number one? 
 
 
And secondly, what would be the impact on net sales overall for the industry 
and especially for the players that are doing well? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So it will be very difficult to answer it for the industry. But one thing is very 
clear. If you were to see in any industry, there will be different players 
depending on what the Board and the shareholders guide, whether you want to 
work for top line or bottom line. What you are seeing is basically -- I mean 

                                 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Data Classification: Public
there will be industry players who will continue to pay higher commissions for 
whom the market share is more important. As over multiple quarters and 
including the address earlier I mentioned, as a company we will focus on 
growth, but it will be profitable growth. 
 
 
While we have seen market share go up, but if ever it's a question between 
market top line and bottom line, it will be the bottom line that will guide us. So 
for us that will be the guiding principle. 
 
Gaurav Jani: 
So, Sundeep, what I understand is certain amount of flows can be 
compromised? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
If it's incremental, they do not add to the profitability, yes, we will. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavin Pande from Athena 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
 
Bhavin Pande: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. I just had one question regarding 
the filing that we had done last month in which we spoke about investments 
made by erstwhile promoters. So has there been any measurable progress on 
that front? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
We continue working with the regulator. There's no new update. the last 
update, which has been informed to the stock exchanges, there's no further 
update after that. And if there is any, I think, we'll keep you informed. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jatin, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Jatin: 
My question is like whether Nippon India Mutual Fund will look to expand in 
other verticals like health insurance or life insurance in near future? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So, Jatin as mentioned earlier, our focus will remain on profitable growth 
within the regulatory framework that we can do. As per Section 24, we can 
only continue focusing on asset management businesses. So we will continue 
focusing and expanding our businesses and continuously evaluate both 
growing organically and acquiring any business that is related to asset 

                                 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Data Classification: Public
management. And as when there is anything further update, we'll be in touch 
with you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the management for their closing 
comments. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So thank you very much. As mentioned earlier, the management team will 
continue focusing on profitable growth. Thank you very much and wishing all 
of you very Happy Diwali. 
 
Moderator: 
On behalf of InCred Equities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
