 
 
Registered and Corporate Office: 
8-2-293/82/A/700, Road No.36, Jubilee Hills, Hyderabad – 500033, Telangana, India 
Phone: +91-40-40300300, E-mail Id: cs@moldtekpackaging.com / ir@moldtekpackaging.com,  
Website: www.moldtekpackaging.com, CIN No.: L21022TG1997PLC026542 
MTPL/SECT/65/2024-25 
Date: 12th November, 2024 
 
The Secretary, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Ltd., 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai-400001. 
Scrip Code: 533080 
The Manager, Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051. 
Symbol: MOLDTKPAC - EQ 
 
Sub: Transcripts of Earnings Conference Call for discussing the Un-audited Financial 
Results of the Company for the second quarter and half year ended on 30th September, 2024 
and other Business Updates 
 
Ref: Regulation 30(6) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. 
 
This has reference to our letter dated 4th November, 2024, where-in the Company has given 
intimation to the exchange(s) about the schedule of the Earnings Conference Call of the company 
for discussing the Un-audited Financial Results of the Company for the second quarter and half 
year ended on 30th September, 2024 and other business updates Thursday, the 7th day of November, 
2024 at 04:00 P.M. (IST). 
 
In this regard, pursuant to the requirement of Regulation 30(6) read with Para A of Part A of 
Schedule-III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the transcripts of the said earnings call of the company and be informed that 
the same has also been uploaded on the website of the Company at:  
 
https://www.moldtekpackaging.com/investors.html   
 
 
For Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
  
   
 
 
Subhojeet Bhattacharjee 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: A/a 
SUBHOJEET 
BHATTACH
ARJEE
Digitally signed by 
SUBHOJEET 
BHATTACHARJEE 
Date: 2024.11.12 
16:02:23 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Mold-Tek Packaging Limited Q2 FY25 Result 
Conference Call” 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. J. LAKSHMANA RAO - CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, MOLD-TEK PACKAGING LIMITED 
MODERATORS: MR. NITIN GUPTA - EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES 

 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Mold-Tek Packaging Limited Q2 FY25 Result 
Conference Call hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask question after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Nitin Gupta from Emkay Global Financial Services. Over 
to you. Thank you, sir. 
Nitin Gupta: 
Thank you, Shifa. Good evening, everyone. I would like to welcome J. Lakshmana Rao, 
Chairman & Managing Director, and thank him for this opportunity. I shall now hand over the 
call to him for the opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Good afternoon, everybody. Thank you very much for joining our Q2 Conference Call. 
As mentioned in the press note, our sales volumes have increased in the first half year by 7.2% 
and EBITDA is up by 3.6%. Similarly in Q2, the sales volumes are up by about 7% and EBITDA 
is up by 4.5%. This growth was achieved through improved sales of tin packs which have grown 
by about 5.11%, whereas lubes have decreased by 5%, food and FMCG grew by 6%, Qpack by 
35%, resulting in an overall growth of 6.9% Q2-on-Q2. However, the PAT has been impacted 
due to higher provisioning of depreciation and interest costs on the huge investments what we 
made during the last 2.5 years, resulting in profit down by about 10% compared to the Q2 last 
year. 
This is basically the highlight and I would like to continue the conversation with question-and-
answer session. Back to you, operator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Gaurav from Capital Farming Consultants. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav: 
If you can guide that how is the progress happening basically on the paint segment, the major 
work that we are doing right now with Aditya Birla Group. How is the demand picking up from 
there vis-à-vis Q1? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
The demand from Aditya Birla Group is improving and they have even indicated us to ramp up 
our capacities by end of this year. So, expansion is happening both at Panipat and Cheyyar plants 
and Mahad plant production has just started from our Satara unit we are supplying the initial lots 
because there will be some delays in the construction of the Mahad plant. So, they allowed us to 
supply from Satara, which is just about 150 kilometers, 200 kilometers from Mahad. So, our 
Satara plant capacities have been enhanced to meet this demand. And maybe in a few months 
down the line, a few quarters down the line, Mahad plant will start taking up our supplies. 

 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
Gaurav: 
What was the utilization level in the Panipat plant and the Cheyyar plant? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Slowly it is improving. It was less than 50% in the first quarter. But currently, it has reached 
somewhere around 55% to 70%. I can say around 60% on average on the initial capacity. Now 
the new capacities are also being added. 
Gaurav: 
Second question is with respect to the pharma segment that we have started. What was the 
volumes and the revenues in Q2 specifically for the pharma products that we are supplying? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
As we told you the pharma products sales have just started and last quarter we have done about 
Rs. 1 crore sales to some of the tube, effervescent tube segment and also in the main pharma 
segment. I am glad to inform you the numbers are improving. In the month of October, we did 
close to 75 lakhs sales in pharma alone and going forward the numbers will increase because 
now Marksans, MSN Labs, Graviti, Pulse. and also, Nutra Life and many other companies have 
cleared their audit and started taking our commercial line trials and small lot supplies. Once 
these lots are approved and they found our products are acceptable, the numbers will ramp up 
from Q4 onwards. 
Gaurav: 
Last question, if you may allow me, before I come back to the queue. In cash flow statement, 
we can see that you have almost made expenses of Rs. 55 odd crores in CAPEX side, right? So, 
any colors that in which direction, whether it is towards the augmenting the production 
capabilities for the paint segment that we are doing or it is food and FMCG or towards the 
pharma? If you can just give a break up that in which segment this major CAPEX has been done 
in the last six months that is from April to September 2024? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Last six months, the CAPEX is happening in all the segments but overall pharma investment is 
close to Rs. 90 crores which is yet to really start contributing. Hardly 10% capacity is being 
running now but it will pick up pace and hopefully from Q4 onwards it should reach at least 25% 
to 30% capacity utilization. And the next financial year we hope it will be more than 50% 
capacity utilization will be able to reach in pharma. And the current year the overall so far the 
investments are Rs. 62 crores and another Rs. 31 crores we have committed in purchase orders. 
So, again, it will be crossing around Rs. 90 crores investment in the current financial year 
because of the expansion at Panipat, the expansion of Cheyyar and also small additions in the 
pharma units to balancing the capacities. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We have next question from the line of Jenish Karia from Antique Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Jenish Karia: 
Thank you for the opportunity. First question is with regards to your gross margin on a per kg 
basis. We see that it has expanded to Rs. 86 per kg. So, if you could just help us explain where 
this expansion is coming from? Is this product mix improvement and is this sustainable? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
It is sustainable because as the volumes of production improve in all the plants, the per kg 
conversion costs or production costs will come down. If you notice, maybe you don't have the 

 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
break up as of now, but the consumables and staff cost especially have shot up by 20%, more 
than 29% in the case of staff cost, basically because people in the different divisions have been 
added in the pharma but they are yet to start giving results but their costs have been absorbed in 
the P&L. Consumables are increased because of two reasons. One is our printing is under severe 
pressure now because of increased IML consumption. There is a sudden spike in IML 
consumption and to cater to that some of the IML we are getting it printed outside. We are even 
buying from outside. And our printed purchases also have gone up, increasing the consumable 
consumption by about 20%. All these will be controlled later in the year or maybe towards the 
end of this year once our printing and die cutting facilities are added. And as I told in the previous 
meeting, previous conversation, we are bringing all the printing under one roof in Sultanpur, 
Hyderabad unit and that process is still going on. We have moved 70% of the machines but 
another 30% we are not in a position to move because of the increasing demand for IML. And 
this will be able to do only in January once additional machines are received. So, going forward 
those economies of scale can be achieved once we are under one roof and all the operations of 
printing are done in one location rather than three locations currently happening. So, this facility, 
this will improve the consumables control, that is wastage control and reduce the consumables 
cost in the next couple of quarters. That should improve the EBITDA. And another major reason 
for improvement in EBITDA positive is our growth in pharma sales we anticipate from Q4, 
especially some of the orders we received. The molds are getting ready and the molds will be 
arriving in December, some of them in January. And supplies, commercial supplies might start 
in Q4. So, starting from Q4, we see pharma contributions improving. That should result in better 
EBITDA. 
Jenish Karia: 
Sir, if you could just help us understand the volume and value-wise breakup in each of the 
segment for this quarter and last year same quarter? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Last year it was 50.8% and it is now 50% paint. Last year lubes was 24.6%, it has now come 
down to 21.9%. Food and FMCG 11.85% to 11.77% and Qpack from 12.72% to 16.12%, pharma 
is 0.26% this year. 
Jenish Karia: 
So, Qpack has increased from 12% to around 16% and it is a low per kg margin product, right? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
It is average. I would say it is the average of paint and lubes. 
Jenish Karia: 
And so this was in volume terms. If you can just help in revenue terms, the similar numbers? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
In the revenue terms, the growth in Qpack is 44%. 
Jenish Karia: 
For paints, lubricants and everything, sir. 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Paint is up by 14% revenue, lubes 0.9%, food by 3.43% and Qpack by 44.5% in terms of revenue. 
Jenish Karia: 
Sure sir, and similar numbers for IML, non-IML? 

 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
IML came up considerably this quarter. Now it is around, total labeled products are 72.57% up 
from 66.7% last year. 
Jenish Karia: 
Next is on your guidance sir, we had earlier guided for a 15% volume growth for full year and 
Rs. 40 per kg of margin. So, do we still maintain that guidance considering the first half 
performance to be slightly off? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
I think we are little off from the projection basically because of little delay in take off Mahad 
plant volumes just started now. We thought that we will be starting in May, June, but the plant 
is going into stream only. I mean, supplies are starting only from September, October in any 
small way. And it might pick up speed only from October, December onwards. So, that is one 
reason. And also delay in our printing facilities is also kind of constraint on our sales growth 
because we are not able to develop IMLs as quickly as it is required in the market now. But the 
facility is coming in January. From January we will be ramping up our IML capacity further and 
that will enable us to catch up with growth. But I think as you correctly said, reaching 15% is, I 
don't think it will be possible from the current 7% growth. Probably we are still aiming at double 
digit growth for the full year and probably the EBITDA average which is now currently at 36.73, 
probably it will land around 38. 
Jenish Karia: 
Just one last question. Could you just explain the reason for us postponing our new Mahad plant 
specifically for Grasim and supplying it from Satara plant? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
There are some issues related to local pollution and local approvals. They got delayed and that 
is why because the plant got delayed, ABG agreed supplies from Satara for next few quarters. 
Probably in next 2-3 quarters, we will set up an alternative location and the same location, the 
plant in Mahad. Until then, we will be supplying from Satara. 
Jenish Karia: 
And sir, the full year CAPEX guidance you gave of Rs. 90 crores, is that understanding correct? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes. This year also, it will come close to. Already Rs. 70 crores has been committed and we 
have some more printing and other equipment being ordered, which will arrive before March. 
So, the overall cost of investments could be in the region of Rs. 85 crores to Rs. 90 crores. 
Jenish Karia: 
And just one last thing on CAPEX, sir. We were planning to expand our pharma capacity once 
we receive the certification and audits are done. So, any update on that front? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Rs. 70 crores also include some of the pharma molds and machines. And just remaining Rs. 15 
crores also part of it will go into pharma. This year, almost Rs. 34 crores has been spent on 
pharma equipment, apart from last two years Rs. 55 crores. So, Rs. 90 crores is overall 
investment and it will probably go up to Rs. 100 crores by the end of this year, overall 
investment. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Siddhant Chhabra from Minerva 
Asset Advisors. Please go ahead. 

 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Siddhant Chhabra: 
I wanted to ask my first question on the pharmaceutical segment. So, without IML, what kind of 
levers would we have that would help us gain business in the pharmaceutical sector, because if 
we see without IML, the kind of products that we do, the market is very fragmented. There will 
be a lot of players in EV tubes, canisters. So, what advantage, except IML, would we have in 
the pharmaceutical segment? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
See, in EV tubes there are not several players. There are hardly 3 or 4 players. None of them 
have IML capability as of now. So, that is one big USP. Apart from that, the quality of the tubes 
and the heat resistance, which they frequently test, we are at the top end of the quality. So, at 
that range there are hardly another 1 or 2 players who are capable of giving that quality issues. 
So, that way we are already getting orders from some of the leading players in the EV and tablet 
segment. So, that is one. In the canisters, ours is single piece canisters whereas the others are 
majority of them are in two piece. So, this will give them lot of benefits in not only cost but also 
in safety and non-breakage of the canisters during usage. So, these two benefits will go a long 
way in being able to penetrate into the market. Already in EV tubes we are seeing that. In 
canisters our supplies are being tested in what you call trial runs and hopefully bulk orders will 
start coming in from December. 
Siddhant Chhabra: 
So, just to summarize what you said, without IML is basically in tubes it's our quality and in 
canisters we are doing single piece canisters, so there would be more safety and less breakage 
of the canisters. 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes. 
Siddhant Chhabra: 
And now my second question would be again related to pharma as well. So, could you give me 
some idea about the need of IML in pharmaceutical because based on some of the conversations 
that we have had with pharmaceutical people, there is not much a need or a focus on going 
towards IML in packaging, but rather they are more focused on cost cutting and with IML being 
a more expensive alternative to traditional labels, what would be kind of the reasons why a 
pharmaceutical company would need to go towards IML? Could you give me some idea on that? 
No, I am not saying that the pharmaceutical companies will go for IML, only the EV tube 
segment and to some extent this for nutraceuticals and vitamins, what the companies will be 
interested in IML. None of the basic pharma companies will be looking at IML because they 
have a lot of statutory obligations of labeling and all that, which the vendors will take care. 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
So, it would be then again only catered in EV tubes and nutraceutical bottles? 
Siddhant Chhabra: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We have next question from the line of Sandeep Modi, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Modi: 
I wanted to know what are the new clients we have added in this quarter? 

 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Nutra-Life is one of them, MSN Pharma, quite a few clients have been added in Food and 
FMCG. Some of them are Bioplus Life Sciences, Nutralike Formulations, Univad Healthcare . 
It is there in the press note, you can have a look. 
Sandeep Modi: 
Any CAPEX we are planning in Pharma for the next year 2025? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes, even in this year there is a further CAPEX of more than Rs. 10 crores happening in pharma, 
Rs. 10 crores-Rs. 15 crores. Actually for the last year erections were done this year. So, overall 
investment in pharma this year is Rs. 34 crores. So, the total by end of this year the pharma 
investment will be close to Rs. 100 crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We have next question from the line of Gaurav from Capital Farming 
Consultants. You may go ahead please. 
Gaurav: 
Sir, in some of the last concalls we were highlighting that the Panipat plant that we have 
established that will also be used for food and FMCC products that we deliver, right. So, is that 
plant ready because we were targeting that festive season somewhere around that we will start 
supplying, the declines based out of the North India out of this plant. So, was that done or not 
yet? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Just in the month of October and a little bit in November, we are making some supplies of Qpack 
from North. But the real quantities would start only by end of December. As I said, the printing 
consents will be coming out by end of this year, that is December and then we will be in a full-
fledged way to provide the IML containers from January in the North also. But the 0:22:34__ 
products for North will be starting sometime in April. That is for the next season. 
Gaurav: 
So, if you can share some kind of a color that what kind of clients we are targeting based out of 
North to supply products from this particular plant? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
The same clientele, similar clientele of edible oil, ghee, pharmaceuticals, nutraceuticals, protein 
powders, similar companies, even detergents, all these companies were there. We will be saving 
transport cost also timely dispatches, so they will be glad to have supplies from our North plant. 
Gaurav: 
And there were some talks from your side in some of the last concalls, projects related to Iodex, 
Kissan Jam or Horlicks, they were all in pipeline. 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Kissan Jam and Horlicks have started, but Iodex is still pending because there's some changes 
in their filling, the assembly line they have adopted, which have kept all the mounts, of course 
the mounts are invested by Iodex itself. They are lying idle for last 6-7 months. They are yet to 
complete their CAPEX on the assembly line. Also assembly line starts sometime maybe next 
quarter, we will be in a position to tell you some more details 
Gaurav: 
Next question on the pain segment again, in the beginning of the year we were saying that 
expected volume with the ABG group is somewhere around 5000 tons per year, but even if they 

 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
take approximately half of that that will give us a 10% kind of a growth. So, what percentage of 
volume they have picked up from us in the first six months of this financial year? Any color on 
that? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
I am not able to share the exact number, but we are in line. Actually, H1, maybe the volumes are 
around 1500 tons to 1600 tons. Probably in the second half, it may go to 2000 plus. So, we are 
online. About 70% of the capacity will be utilized. The initial capacity set up is about 5,000 tons 
for them, including Mahad. So, maybe around 70% of that we will be able to achieve. 
Gaurav: 
Last question from my side is if you allow. When we take up a decision to invest in the CAPEX, 
so since we are a manufacturing company, it will require a lot of upfront CAPEX to be done. 
So, do you have any visibility that, let's say, asset turnover ratio is going to be so-and-so much? 
For example, if you invest x amount of money in the plant setup then what kind of a turnover 
you expect out of that investment? That is my last question. Thank you. 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Our asset turnover ratio always used to be around 2-2.5, but currently it is low because of very 
high investments that have been made which are yet to become completely utilized. So, going 
forward, we should be able to cross to 2.5 asset turnover ratio. But currently it is below 2. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jaiveer Shekhawat from Ambit Capital. You 
may go ahead please. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Firstly on the paint segment, I think if you see the growth in volume being only about 4% to 5% 
in the first half, so you have not really seen the benefit of volume that possibly we are supplying 
to ABG and also Asian Paints that also double their capacity at Mysore plant, so possibly next 
year, what are your volume growth expectations and for the entire year of FY25, what do you 
think would be the overall growth expectation from the paint segment? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Paint segment was negative last year, but this year I am glad in terms of half year, the growth is 
around 4.9% which was last year was negative. So, hopefully this year we will end up with 7% 
to 8% growth in paint segment for the full year because ABG numbers are going to go up in the 
second half. That is the reason. But the lubes is down by about 2.5% in the half year, which was 
positive last year. So, that is a bit of disappointment. Food and FMCG is up about 5.2% and the 
Qpack is 39.7% up in the half year. So, going forward, paint this year will be we expected around 
10% but I think we will end up somewhere at 7% to 8%. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Once all your plants are operational for EV as well and then the benefit of doubling your capacity 
at Mysore plant also comes in. What kind of volume growth expectation, only in the paint 
segment do you expect from next year onwards? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Next year onwards we should be in the position to reach somewhere around 12% to 15% volume 
growth. This year we thought so, but due to a couple of reasons as I explained, we may end up 
this year close to 10% growth only, volume growth. But next year I am more confident today 
because ABG is doing good and they're asking us to expand the capacities and Pharma will be 

 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
catching up because quite a few of our products have been accepted by at least 4 large Pharma 
companies and 2 or 3 products are under development now which will going into production 
from January and they have committed volumes to us which are reasonably good. So, if those 
products are also added next year Pharma sales will be considerably good. So, with that 
confidence, I am hoping next year at least we will be able to see 12% to 15% volume growth. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Sir, on the F&F tin pack side, the growth has been very muted. Only about 3% to 5% as you 
mentioned. So, are there any structural reasons as to why that growth has been moderated and 
how do you see that growth possibly from next year onwards? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
You mean in the paint segment? 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
On the F&F side, sir. On the food side, on the tin pack? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Food and FMCG side unless our north client comes, we may not able to see more than 10% 
growth because as I said last quarter there is quite a bit of competition in the small product 
segment in the south and in the north we are completely absent. So, leaving such a big geography 
has led to this kind of sort of distraction. So, we are now concentrating to set up the facility there 
by March next year but as a beginning we started with our Qpacks there. Already response is 
good. We are able to supply from Panitpat itself. But our capacities will be enhanced only from 
January. So, from January, more and more number of food products will be, food packaging 
products will be manufactured in Paniput. By March, April, we will have even ice creams and 
dairy product packaging products will be supplied from Panipat. So, then probably we will be 
seeing a double-digit growth in Food |& FMCG segment also. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
And sir, lastly on your pharma packaging segment, I think you have been tracking your company 
and your commentary as well. I think there have been considerable delays in terms of how we 
have been able to ramp up or get the approvals in place. I mean, possibly 2 or 3 years out, how 
do you expect that revenues to sort of shape up for the company? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
I agree. There was some delay in projects, especially the printing expansion project has been 
delayed due to construction delays and then missionary supplier delays. But however, we have 
initiated the process bringing all printing activity under one roof. Almost 75% of the equipment 
is now under one roof, but others, we are not in a position to move because of the lack of capacity 
and increasing demand for IML products has made us to hold on to the shipping because it will 
disrupt the production by about one week, 10 days. So, we are waiting for our next machines to 
arrive in January and then take a call on the shifting of these machines. One of the reasons why 
we have clocked the lesser growth in this year is, I should admit, is our printing capacity is being 
a little delayed in setting up the printing capacities. Otherwise, we could have been at least at 
10% if not more. So, anyway, having lost that time, we want to catch up at least in the off-season, 
that is December, January is generally our off-season. That's the time to shuffle the machines 
and create the extra capacities also. And then we may probably see better growth. 

 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
So, sir, my question was on the pharma segment. I mean, how do you see that scaling up over 
the next 2 to 3 years? I mean, what are your expectations there? I mean, once all the approvals 
are in place. 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
I am certainly confident about pharma because already our products and facilities have been 
approved by 4 major pharma companies and at least another 4-5 are in the line to visitors and 
auditors, including companies like Sandoz, Alkem are in talks with them. MSN, Marksans, 
Graviti, Pulse have already approved. Neutralike has approved our facility. Bioplus has 
approved. So, almost 8 to 9 or maybe 10 companies have already approved and started taking 
small quantities. Line trials are completed. ETV trials, extended testing has been approved by 
more or less all the companies. So, I am confident that going forward the numbers will improve. 
But it will take time because pharma companies go through a lot of testing and stability tests 
before they will take volumes. At least a couple of them started taking one or two products in 
volumes now. That's why the numbers are kicking up from October onwards. In October, we did 
almost 70-75 lakhs sale, which was a quarterly sale of last quarter was Rs. 1 crore. So, in October 
alone we did 75 lakhs and going forward probably from January onwards it may cross 1 to 2 
crores per month. So, as these are all cumulative in nature, all these orders should go up as we 
go into next year. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
So, by FY25, do you think you can at least get Rs. 50 crores-Rs. 100 crores on revenue, what's 
your ambition there? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
At least we will see Rs. 30 crores to Rs. 50 crores. It could be 30 or 50. It all depends upon how 
products that are being launched we will be taking off. These products are launched based on 
the approvals from the client and commitments from the client. So, these are more of a sure shot 
than trying in the darkness. So, now we are able to gain the confidence of some of the clients in 
giving new product development to us. That is the proof that Mold-Tek stability and mold 
making product design will definitely help us in slowly conquering a decent market share in 
pharma segment. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Pranav Doshi from ARDEKO. Please go 
ahead. 
Pranav Doshi: 
Sir, my first question is on the paint side. So, the realization per kg for paints was about 215 per 
kg 2 years ago. Nowadays declined to 180, 190 per kg range. So, can you tell me what is the 
reason for that? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
See, there are two reasons. At that time, the raw material price went up to 120-125. Currently 
the raw material price is around 105. More or less in this year, the price was stagnant there. And 
also, in the paint segment, like any other segment, RCP, that is recycled plastic usage has become 
mandatory. So, slowly companies are adopting 15% to 20% or maybe 25% RCP material which 
is available at a cheaper price. So, this also brings down our entire overall selling price. So, these 
are the two main reasons. And there is some competition in the market, especially in the paint 

 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
segment. There is also some pressure is there on pricing. But that is not the main reason. The 
main reason is raw material and RCP. 
Pranav Doshi: 
And sir, on the paint side, so if I heard it correct, the volumes from Grasim for H1 were about 
close to Rs. 1,400 tons to Rs. 1,500 tons. Is that correct? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes. H1. 
Pranav Doshi: 
Sir, I was just wondering that, let's say, barring those 1500 odd tons, so let's say, then there is a 
degrowth in the segment. So, like apart from the ex of Grasim, there is a degrowth in the 
business. So, are we losing wallet share for any of our customers, especially someone like in 
Asian Paints? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes, in Asian Paints there is a continuous pressure on pricing and some volume loss is there 
because of mainly the pricing reason. We are trying to, also we have capacity constraints as I 
told you in the beginning in the printing side especially on IML and HTL which is causing us 
also to go slow in competing. Once the capacities are in place, we also can take the advantage 
of higher volumes and can be competitive in the pricing. So, hopefully from Q4 onwards we will 
be able to strategize that way. 
Pranav Doshi: 
I was just asking what was the reason for degrowth on the lubricant side of the business? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Lubricant side is completely based on the sales of the industry because there we are not losing 
any client. We are not losing any even market share. The markets in lubricant are always plus or 
minus 2% annually because lubes are now more of a standardized product where more and more 
mileage they are offering and volume-wise growth is minimal. So, one quarter it may be 3%-4% 
plus, one quarter it may be 4%-5% minus but overall it is stagnant. This time it is around 2.3% 
minus for the half year. 
Pranav Doshi: 
So, we expect it to be in such a range, like there is a plus minus? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
It will be plus or minus 2%-3%. Last year was an aberration. Last year we had a good growth. 
Pranav Doshi: 
And on food delivery, so do we see what kind of an opportunity do we see with Swiggy and 
Zomato and some of the other quick commerce players? Do we see any opportunity? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Swiggy and Zomato we have tried several times, but they have a lot of logistical issues. And 
there are restaurant packs, they’ve 1000s of restaurants and that will be very difficult for them 
to control the packaging material with their name and also the name of the restaurant. That is 
where I think their logistics didn’t support and it's not moving much. 
Pranav Doshi: 
So, we have some volumes where it's not moving much, it's not significant? 

 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
We did some small quantities long ago, more than a year ago. Plain containers, but everybody 
wanted their brand and then the restaurant people don't want only Zomato name or Swiggy name, 
they want their name also. Then the number break between several combinations and logistics 
to supply those will be a very big challenge. So, they didn't attempt that later. 
Pranav Doshi: 
And sir apart from that, I just missed the revenue breakup between paints, lubes and F$F. So, 
can you just repeat it once for me? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
In terms of revenue, 47% is from paint, 20% lubes, food and Qpack together is around 32.4%, 
0.5% is pharma. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Richa from Equitymaster. You may proceed 
with your question. 
Richa: 
Sir, my question is for the pharma segment, I think our revenue potential from the existing 
capacities is Rs. 60 crores, and please correct me if I am wrong. And I also wanted to know that 
let's say, if we realize this by, let's say over next 2 to 3 years, what is the opportunity size in 
pharma from the client response? What is the sense that you are getting? How much scale up 
can happen in this segment over the next five years? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
With the current further investments we are making in the pharma during this financial year, the 
capacity at full range when we supply could reach even up to Rs. 80 crores to Rs. 100 crores 
during the next financial year. But it all depends upon how we will be able to bring the products 
into commercial production. Fortunately for us, there are at least two products which are cleared 
by clients with a commitment to buy back the capacity. And those products will be starting 
production from January. It's not huge, but both of them together would be not less than Rs. 10 
crores to Rs. 12 crores per annum. So, those two products will be launching in January with a 
commitment of volumes from two particular clients. So, those two products will add to the 
numbers from Jan. And similarly, we are working with other clients for our regular products 
also, like the robotics and caps, which are picking up because most of them are cleared our 
stability test, online test, everything is cleared. MTER or ETVR tests are cleared. So, now they 
will be in a position to start trying our commercial quantities. So, all these numbers look positive, 
but as I said right in the beginning, the pharma industry take longer time to approve a new vendor 
and do several tests, including stability, online testing. And they start with small batches. And 
once they are confident about the small batch going through well, then only they go for huge 
volumes. So, looking at the trend, I am confident next year we should be in a position to reach 
up to, minimum could be Rs. 30 crores-Rs. 35 crores, and it can reach even up to Rs. 50 crores-
Rs. 60 crores at the topline for the next financial year. And as an opportunity, it is a huge 
opportunity, close to Rs. 5,000 crores opportunity, including both exports and the Indian market. 
So, even if we reach 1% to 2% of the market share, it will be close to Rs. 100 crores. So, market 
penetration and the ability to bring in new products is what matters as we go forward. 
Richa: 
And sir, the EBITDA per kg is ranging between 80 to 100, like you had hinted in the past? 

 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes, it will be in that range. 
Richa: 
And currently, like in the past, we have seen EBITDA margin per kg at 40 and the earlier you 
had guided for 42. Currently, it is down because of low capacity utilization. But how soon can 
we reach that 40 or 42 per kg kind of level? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
I think we should be able to see that in the first quarter of next year itself. That is the Q1 of next 
year. It may inch towards 40. And overall, next year, we are aiming definitely for 40 as a 
minimum number to achieve. 
Richu: 
And what kind of expansions are we taking for Grasim from the existing capacity. You said that 
you would be expanding capacity by January 25. So, what kind of expansion are we undertaking? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Currently, our capacity is at three plants put together is around 5,000 tons per annum. Probably 
it will go to 7,500 tons to 8,000 tons by March. Progressively, machines are arriving from 
January. Machines, robots, and molds, they will be ready from January onwards. But the capacity 
will ultimately reach by March. It will be close to 8,000 tons per annum. 
Richu: 
Sir, my last question is, any guidance on the CAPEX the next year for FY26? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
FY26 I can't comment today, but because as it is our CAPEX for this current year, which we 
thought we could control within Rs. 60 crores, there's now up to 70 and plus additional printing 
and die-cutting machines we are adding. So, hopefully it will be stopping somewhere around Rs. 
85 crores to Rs. 90 crores for the current year. Based upon how numbers move in pharma and 
new product launches, there could be similar CAPEX next year or could be less because there 
will be no greenfield projects to start. Next year CAPEX may be limited to 50 crores to 60 crores 
as of today but we can only comment as we go towards the end of this year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take next question from the line of Siddhant Chhabra from Minerva Asset 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Siddhant Chhabra: 
Sir, I just wanted to follow up on my last question only. When you said that for the 
pharmaceutical companies, EV tubes are going to be the only use case and then nutraceutical 
bottle as well. I didn't get basically the kind of used case or the reasoning why for EV tubes and 
for nutraceutical bottles, why IML packaging would be necessary? So, if you could just throw 
some light on that. 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
No, it is basically the decoration. The people who buy these tubes are nutraceutical people who 
buy it from the off the shelf OTC counters and in OTC people are more concerned about the 
looks and feel of product as much as like, it is not like food and FMCG, it is somewhat closer to 
that kind of purchase. So, the print feel and quality is much superior in IML compared to DOP 
or HDL that is why in EV tubes and Nutraceuticals IML would be preferred over the other forms 
of compression. 

 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Siddhant Chhabra: 
And it could be only because as we were discussing traditional pharmaceutical packaging will 
not require, this only specifically for EV tubes and for nutraceutical companies in their bottles. 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes. I think so. 
Siddhant Chhabra: 
And my second question, I just want to get an idea is that, pharmaceutical companies take quite 
some time to onboard packaging folks. So, around 3 to 5 years. So, can you throw some light on 
the kind of existing commitments or at least the amount of companies who we would be in trial 
with or in discussions with? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
No, 3 to 5 years I never said. It will take about a year for any company to test a packaging partner 
and start giving commercial orders. Maybe max is one year. It's not three to five years. So, there 
are several companies who have already audited us. And once audit clearance comes, they will 
ask for line trials. After that, stability test. After that, economics. That is commercial quotes and 
all that. So, the whole process, and then a small commercial lot, say 20,000 pieces, 50,000 pieces. 
And once those lines are also filled and supplied without any trouble, then they start giving 3 
lakhs- 5 lakhs kind of volumes. So, the whole process will take max 12 months sometimes maybe 
15-16 months not 3 years. 
Siddhant Chhabra: 
So, basically the kind of timeline will be more like 12 months to 18 months at max not 3 years 
or 4 years, not like that, and we would be expecting, can you give us an idea what kind of client 
additions we would be expecting in terms of number of client additions over say the next 3 to 5 
years? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
No, we are touching all pharmaceutical companies right from Sun Pharma, Glen, Intas or even 
Alkem, Midas, Dr. Reddy's, MSN Labs. All of them are in contact with us. Some of them have 
visited, cleared our premises. That list I already published in the press note. And several of our 
sales people are in touch with them. The point what Mold-Tek is trying to drive to pharma 
companies is our ability to develop new products faster than anybody else. Even the leaders in 
pharma packaging, we are in a position to meet or exceed them in terms of new product 
development. And all the new product developments are always under fire, timelines. Everybody 
takes long time to decide, but once they decide, they want within a month. But developing molds, 
developing product designs is not so easy. That is the strength of Mold-Tek which we are going 
to use and get into bigger pharma companies. And once they start using our new product 
development, they will be obliged to consider our existing standard bottles also. That is way 
forward for our growth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Pranav Doshi from ARDEKO. Please go 
ahead. 
Pranav Doshi: 
Just one question. On the business side, what kind of contracts do we have with our customers? 
So, is it on like order-to-order basis do we have to bid for it or like is it a contractual agreement 
and we have kind of a visibility for our volumes for some time? So, how it is, sir? 

 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
You are correct. All the kinds of contracts or agreements are possible in pharma also. Generally, 
now we are at a testing stage. Nobody will give us a long-term five-year contract. They generally 
test our products, take some one-month lot, test it in the market, on their lines. How is it? How 
are our caps? Let's say somebody is buying only caps. How is our cap doing with the other 
bottles? All those tests, they do it over a period of 3 to 6 months. And then they start building 
up the confidence and increase the volumes. So, at least 6 to 7 companies have tested our 
products or are testing our products and 3-4 of them have started giving us repeat orders. 
Actually, touchwood this month we received one major order from Marksans and hopefully 
another product which is under development will start from December, January. Like that, once 
our relations start with a new product, actually our relations with Marksans started with a new 
product development. And then obviously when they see our ability to quickly give a new 
product and our facilities are world class, they also encourage us for their existing products. So, 
similarly, we are trying with the Laurus, we are trying with MSN, we are trying with Alkem, we 
are trying with Graviti, Pulse Pharma. So, at least 8 to 10 companies we are in Amneal, Sanders, 
Sun Pharma. So, we are in touch with their packaging development teams, R&D teams, and they 
have started. And once we have 3-4 in the line, 5-6 becomes easier to add. So, that is a confidence 
I have. Again, it's coming back to our strengths in product design and mold design and speed at 
which we can develop new products. That is the strength which we are focusing as a USP, even 
in the pharma segment. 
Pranav Doshi: 
Sure, so this is for the new segment and for the segments that we've established, like let's say 
paints or F&F.  So, that… 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
In the paint and FMCG, most of the products are well established, especially come to paint pails, 
those paint pails standards have become normal. They are like commoditized. So, there are at 
least 20, 30, 40 suppliers or even 50 suppliers who are able to produce paint buckets to a 
reasonable quality and reasonable consistency. So, obviously there is a severe price war and also 
supply options. When it comes to pharma, you can hardly count on fingers, notable players like 
FIJI, Gopaldas, Doctor Pack like that there may be another 3-4 players. So, these are all catering 
to the current pharma companies. We too also enter into the fray with them. But our USP will 
be new product development and faster mold development. Because of our strengths in injection 
molding, our ability to produce at low cycle times will also make us can be an economical player. 
So, with all these strengths, we are trying to focus on pharma business. 
Pranav Doshi: 
And so just one final question. So, like the competitive intensity as you mentioned, we are seeing 
a lot of it in paint. So, like is it possible that let’s say down the line the same kind of competitive 
intensity of pressure we might see in the other segments as well? Apart from pharma of course, 
pharma I understand it is a longer approach. But let's say in the F&F or the lube segment, like…. 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Competition will be always there in all segments. Even today paint, we are now 40th, almost 
35th or 36th year of production of paint pails. So, even today we have our own value and even 
today 47% of our sales come from the paint segment. So, there is a growing demand for the pails 
and quality pails especially with IML. So, having IML advantage, which is not possible for all 
and sundry to start, we will certainly have our own niche market for our products going forward. 

 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
However, there will be a small pressure, but then capacity utilization, in-house manufacturing 
of labels, and robots is what brings us economies of scale even at a under pressure. That's how 
we are able to stabilize our EBITDA. Now the current EBITDA also would have been Rs. 40 
but for increase in staff cost, because for all these several projects across the country, especially 
pharma, we have added a lot of staff who are yet to contribute, because the capacity of pharma 
is hardly 10%. Similarly, Panipat and Cheyyar are now picking up. Earlier, 3-4 months ago, 
hardly it was 20%-35%. Now it's coming to 40%-50%. So, going forward, as the capacity 
population improves, EBITDA margins will improve. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Ashutosh Khetan from Asian Market 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ashutosh Ketan: 
I just wanted to know the revenue mix from the Qpacks in Q2. 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Qpacks contribute around 14.53%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question we have is from the line of Vikram, who is an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Vikram: 
Mr. Rao, just a quick question on H2. Do you think H2 will be better than H1 in terms of topline 
and bottomline? And any early guidance for FY26? I do remember on a previous call you 
mentioned we should exceed Rs. 1000 crores for FY27. 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Again, my expectation of H2 is definitely better than H1 because as I said, all the plants are now 
up and running and Pharma started, if not in a big way, in a reasonable way, the numbers will 
start adding in Q3 to some extent, maybe Rs. 3 crores and Q4 maybe Rs. 4 crores to Rs. 6 crores. 
It will be a value addition from Pharma. So, with these numbers and now the Mahad plant started 
picking up some pace recently. So, that numbers will start increasing from December. So, all 
this gives me optimism to have a better H2 than the previous year H2. I am not comparing with 
H1 of this year because our product sales are always seasonal. Compared to previous H2, this 
H2 should be better in terms of topline. Coming to the bottomline, the things can only improve 
as our capacity equation improves. It may be similar or it may be marginally better than previous 
year H2. Going forward to 2025-26, yes, I am positive about it because all these numbers and 
pharma also will contribute handsomely. And our printing constraints, what we are facing now 
in this year, will be completely eliminated because we are adding almost 60% to 70% additional 
capacity in IML printing by January-February. Maybe last mission will come in April. So, by 
April next year we will have our IML capacity sub by around 60%. So, that should give us 
adequate capacity to cater to all the segments, including pharma tubes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I now hand the 
conference over to management for closing comments. 

 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
I take this opportunity to thank all the participants for their interest in our Q2 results conference 
and especially I thank Emkay Global, Nitin Gupta for arranging this conference. Thank you very 
much. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Service, that concludes this conference call. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
