Page 1 of 17 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
              CIN-    L72900DL2009PLC341980           
                  1st Floor, A-24/9, Mohan Cooperative Industrial Estate 
Mathura Road, New Delhi-110044, Phone No. +91-11-4084-4964  
Email : cs@e2enetworks.com, website https://www.e2enetworks.com/ 
 
 
Date: November 4, 2024 
 
 
Listing & Compliance Department   
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai, Maharashtra-400051 
 
Ref: NSE Symbol- E2E 
 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts/Investor Earnings Conference Call for Q2/H1-FY25 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the 
Transcript of Analysts/Investor Earnings Conference Call which was held on Monday, October 28, 2024 
at 11:30 A.M. (IST) to discuss the Company’s Q2/H1-FY25 earnings.  
The aforesaid information shall also be made available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.e2enetworks.com/.  
 
Kindly take this on record.  
 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
For E2E Networks Limited 
 
  
 
Ronit Gaba 
Company secretary & Compliance Officer 
ICSI M. No.: A59215 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RONIT
Digitally signed by RONIT 
Date: 2024.11.04 22:05:38 
+05'30'

E2E Networks Limited 
October 28, 2024 
Page 2 of 17 
“E2E Networks Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 28, 2024 
MANAGEMENT: MR. TARUN DUA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – E2E 
NETWORKS LIMITED 
MS. MEGHA RAHEJA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
E2E NETWORKS LIMITED 
MR. RONIT GABA –  COMPANY SECRETARY – E2E 
NETWORKS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MS. SOUMYA CHHAJED – GO INDIA ADVISORS 

  
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to E2E Networks Limited Q2 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing the star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Soumya Chhajed from Go India Advisors. Thank you, 
and over to you, ma'am. 
Soumya Chhajed: 
Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. We welcome you to E2E Networks Limited Q2 FY 
'25 results con-call. We have with us on call today Mr. Tarun Dua, the Managing Director; Ms. 
Megha Raheja, the Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Ronit Gaba, the Company Secretary. I must 
remind you that the discussion on today's call may include certain forward-looking statements 
and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risks that the company may face.  
I now request you, Mr. Tarun Dua sir, to take us through the company's business and highlights, 
subsequent to which we will be opening the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Tarun Dua: 
Thank you, Soumya, and good morning everyone who has joined our call today. I would like to 
welcome all of you to E2E Networks Q2 earnings call for the financial year ending March '25. 
Let me briefly reintroduce you to the company. E2E Networks is a cloud computing company 
majorly focusing on accelerated computing using cloud GPUs and was founded in 2009. Today, 
we support a wide range of customers ranging from startups, enterprises, higher education and 
research. And we are also MeitY empanelled, which means that we are also targeting 
government for our solutions.  
We have been an early mover into the space of AI, ML, and GenAI. We have operated our cloud 
GPU platform. The very first GPUs were bought in 2018, but we have operated our cloud GPU 
platform from all the way from like 2019 on our cloud. And E2E continues to leverage the early 
mover advantage by focusing on the three areas of support, solutioning and software. So we 
have been supporting our customers, including many of the unicorn scale customers since 2009. 
We have provided AI, ML solutioning for our customers since 2019 onward. And we continue 
to deliver excellent software, which matches up to some of the global majors in terms of AI, 
ML, and GenAI computing via our TIR platform, and this platform was released like in the last 
year or so. 
So our core services and platforms include ability to support an entire cloud platform, which 
typically provides all the major features that are required for majority of the bill of materials of 
any cloud user in India. And our GPU platform, like we try to compare it with the best of best 
in terms of being able to do rapid deployments of like training clusters, inference workloads, 
and model endpoint deployment and any kind of like GenAI support. We plan to include that in 
the coming future. 

  
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
So we have a deep and vast focus today on AI, ML, and GPU computing. Now, as a world kind 
of like additionally add GPU computing apart from the traditional CPU-based cloud systems, 
we believe that like we are very well positioned to leverage many of those workloads on our 
cloud platform and meet the demand for GPU computing. We have explained that in the previous 
call as well, so a typical CPU today would be say about 250 to 300 cores, a typical CPU server 
would have about 250 to 300 physical cores. 
A typical GPU server, let's say an H100 or H200 would have 17,000, nearly 17,000 into eight 
physical CUDA cores, which essentially means at about 10x the cost and 10x the opex compared 
to a typical CPU server. Now, how it matters to us is that like this obviously, on a per teraflop 
basis is like cheaper compute. 
And this opens up the world of possibilities for the typical CPU using organization to kind of 
like who are only processing say a couple of percentage points of the organization's structured 
data to start dealing with like training, like a lot of data in motion, the unstructured data through 
the AI/ML workloads that run on top of GPU, they can start using that. 
And for us, like obviously, the ARPU grows, because essentially we are providing like typically 
to a typical customer like amount 10x or 20x the amount of ARPU for about 100x to 200x the 
amount of compute, essentially because like compute on GPU, cloud GPU is cheaper than say 
cloud CPUs, because CPUs tend to have like a lot more cores. 
Now, GPUs, of course, need specialized software to operate. And in the recent past, we've seen 
that the open source state of the art has rapidly evolved for the customers to be able to leverage 
all of this compute, which is now available to be able to process the unstructured data. 
Now, the source of competitiveness in the AI/ML and GPU space comes not just from the sticker 
price of cloud GPUs that we offer. But the main source of cost efficiency and competitive 
advantage comes from the fact that ultimately, like if you have a large number of GPUs where 
you're spending significant amounts of money, like if you are able to prevent the idleness of 
those cloud GPUs by building up the platform software in a way that people are able to rapidly 
deploy clusters, as opposed to spending a couple of days to build out the workload managers 
onto a cluster. So that results in significant deployment savings.  
Now, whenever you are putting up new workloads, again, like all of that setup needs to be done 
again. So if your setup allows you to easily tear down and rebuild the software stacks required 
for cluster-based training or deployment of scale to zero inference workload, essentially, you 
save a lot of time and effort from the engineering side. 
And apart from saving the engineering time, you also end up optimizing the amount of time your 
GPU stay idle versus -- you are able to reduce the idle time and you are able to utilize like most 
of the GPU time that you have purchased.  
Typically, with H100 onwards, we have seen that there is less usage of hourly GPU time 
compared to the past in the A100 era. So H100 and H200 onwards, like what we've seen is that 
like the contract length is typically one month to three years, which means that like you have 
already reserved the capacity, which means that the software that you have in terms of being 

  
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
able to schedule, being able to set up the clusters, you are rapidly able to do what you want to 
do, which means that the movement of data, the creation of operating system environment, the 
setup of the configuration, all of that has to be supported by the software in a way that like all of 
these activities get done faster than your typical raw GPU providing competition. 
So that's where the value of the platform really comes to the fore. So competitive advantage just 
doesn't come from like being able to offer at a lower per hour sticker price, but also the efficiency 
of the efficiency and the usable-ness of the software that you build on the platform. 
 
Now, we have reiterated in the past that the growth opportunity for India is very, very clear. 
India generates like more than 20% of world's data, thanks to our vast and digitized population. 
And currently, in the data centers, like we, if you just measure by power, we are probably like 
somewhere around 2% of world's compute capacity, give or take something. So this highlights 
a very major opportunity in terms of expanding the compute capabilities, especially for 
accelerated computing led by cloud GPUs in our part of the world. 
Now, essentially, if you look at the past, there were companies who were doing their own 
computing. And there were companies who were using like large hyperscalers to do the 
computing, so large multinational hyperscalers. And the middle ground of people who had built 
like a cheaper cloud, cheaper or more value-centric cloud at a lower price point, like that was a 
kind of like a much smaller space. 
Now, more recently in the cloud GPU, as the cloud GPU market has evolved, in the other 
developed markets, we have already seen that there is a middle ground between having to run 
everything on your own. And that is especially hard with regards to like running very large GPU 
focused machines, which are very expensive, and the amount of time it takes to set up is all adds 
to your cost. 
 
So the middle ground is that like you take up providers in India, like cloud GPU providers in 
India, like E2E, who provide a middle ground in terms of cost. And in terms of capabilities 
required to operate, compared to either running your own where the cost is low, but the 
capabilities required is very, very high. 
Or going to hyperscalers where the capabilities required to run are reasonably low, but the cost 
is very, very high. So E2E offers a middle ground where like a reasonable set of capabilities 
allows you to use our platform very, very easily, and recover most of the cost advantage that you 
had by doing it on your own. 
 
Now, this is also the cloud GPU has also accelerated the trend of cloud repatriation, where people 
have run through multiple cycles of running their things, running their workloads on the cloud. 
And they have found that like, yes, the initial calculations on the cloud, on the hyperscaler clouds 
typically tend not to hold, and the cost rapidly rises. And this is where players like E2E who 
offer a very, very predictable pricing with not too many variables doesn't require an advanced 
degree in mathematics to operate and understand that where the pricing could move in the future. 
So we come into the picture over here. Now, what we have seen, like more recently is that like, 
the demand for cloud GPU services continues to be fairly robust. And the cloud GPU utilization 

  
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
rates like although they have come down from the last quarter or so with the new addition of the 
capacity very recently in October, but we continue to see a reasonable demand pipeline. And we 
hope to achieve higher and higher rates of GPU utilization. And we are seeing a lot of interest 
in terms of the adoption. 
So I think in the past couple of years, we have seen like startups, of course, are the first ones to 
adopt. AI startups are obviously leading the pack in terms of adoption. But increasingly, we are 
seeing like budget allocations from enterprises with regards to figuring out like what are the 
core, some of the core problems, identification of some of the core problems that they see, which 
can be solved using AI, generative AI and machine learning. 
So there is a very strong impetus towards like, initially, trying out, figuring out, putting through 
the blue board to figure out the AI solution, and demonstrating that to the decision makers within 
the enterprises. 
 
So there is a very, very strong push towards that. And like whatever, kind of like in the 
enterprises, like a lot of small language models running like the previous generation of GPUs 
are actually seeing like production deployments today. So this is something that started two years 
back. So which means that we are going to see the push towards like using more cloud GPUs in 
production spread over the next many years. So where this trend has already started. 
Now, kind of like latching on to this trend of like some very strong demand and growth coming 
in this field. We, E2E has kind of like evolved its infrastructure and expanded it. We have nearly 
something like 700 or so 800 GPUs. We have recently secured 256 H100 GPUs in October. And 
we also continue to expand the non-H100 or non-Hopper variety of GPUs that includes the T-
force and the L-force and L-40s and A-100s and A-40s of course, like we are only expanding 
the latest generation of GPUs. 
So currently that number also as of the end of September stands at about like 600 or something. 
And your company has also raised nearly INR405 crores, which would be used primarily for 
infrastructure expansion and further investing into in-house AIML research and GenAI research, 
which would result in outcomes that can be utilized in our platform to help our customers do 
things faster, cheaper and better. 
 
So like the market potential as per various industry reports and industry bodies seems to be 
presenting massive growth opportunities in this area of both the cloud and upward from the 
stack. And in India alone, like the projections are running into the amount of value AI would 
provide to the GDP would exceed like a couple of hundred billion dollars. The AI infrastructure 
market growth is projected at a reasonable CAGR of like 25%-30% year-after-year, which 
increases the demand for cloud GPUs for selling the AI applications. 
 
So, E2E aims to support the AI-driven business transformation in all sorts of organizations, 
whether it is startups in India, startups outside India, higher education and research. We want to 
work with the government. We want to work with enterprises. We want to work with 
multinational organizations who have their centers of excellence in India.  

  
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
So, we continue to build solutions to support various industry solutions to support all -- a diverse 
range of customer base. And with this note, I would like to hand over the call to Ms. Megha, our 
CFO, to give a brief update on what has been happening in the last quarter and overall growth 
that we have experienced. So, over to you, Megha. 
Megha Raheja: 
Thank you, Tarun, and good morning, everyone. I would like to start by highlighting some key 
financial metrics for our performance in Q2 FY '25. For Q2 FY '25, total revenue was INR484 
million, reflecting a substantial year-on-year growth of around 120%. Our EBITDA for the 
quarter stood at INR314 million, showcasing an impressive growth of 181% year-on-year, with 
an EBITDA margin of 66.1%, an increase of 1,440 basis points compared to last year. In terms 
of net profit, we reported PAT of INR121 million, demonstrating a remarkable year-on-year 
growth of 108%. 
 
The PAT margin for September quarter was 25%, and our diluted EPS for quarter is INR7.8, 
marking around 98% increase year-on-year. In comparison to previous quarter, June FY25, we 
experienced a total revenue growth of 16%. Our EBITDA also grew by 15% quarter-on-quarter, 
resulting in net profit of INR121 million, which reflects a quarter-on-quarter increase of 18.9%. 
 
Additionally, I am pleased to announce that we successfully raised INR4,056 million through 
preferential issue of equity shares, which position us well for future growth and investment 
opportunities. Pursuant to this, the paid-up capital has increased from INR145 million to INR169 
million, and our total equity has increased from INR718 million to INR4,874 million as on 
September 30, 2024. That concludes financial update for the quarter. 
Tarun Dua: 
Megha, I think you mentioned INR405 million, that is INR405 crores. 
Megha Raheja: 
INR405 crores, INR4,056 million. 
Tarun Dua: 
Okay, sure. 
Megha Raheja: 
Okay, with this we can open the floor for question and answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Ritesh Chadha from Lucky Investments. Please go ahead. 
Ritesh Chadha: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Sir, one broader question I have. I understood the growth 
possibilities in India and your initial comment on the GPU capabilities. With this INR400 crores 
of capital raised now that we have on our balance sheet, and last year the computer's gross block 
was about INR222 crores and the total block of asset was INR260 crores. From a three-year 
perspective, let's say FY '25, FY '26 and FY '27, what should be the asset creation or the asset 
capex that we will do over the next three years and this incremental capex that we are doing and 
what asset turn and margin this capital will be invested? 
Tarun Dua: 
Hi, Ritesh ji. Thank you for your question, Ritesh ji. So essentially, as we have said many times 
in the past in our conference call and earnings call, mostly we recommend that you look back 
into the past for many of these answers. And for the future, like it's very, very hard to predict, 
like it's a growing market. 

  
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
 
So we have no upper limits in our mind with regard to how the growth block should grow. It 
completely is driven by the demand. So we are able to like set up our deployment in a way that 
like we are prepared for large capacity expansion. 
 
But obviously, we keep building the capacity as the demand keeps coming in and as the 
customers keep getting signed up onto our platform. So based on that velocity, we keep on 
building the infrastructure. Now, obviously, there is some sense to this fundraise. 
 
So we are essentially in a way we feel that like this should be something close by in terms of 
like how quickly we can ramp up and deploy. So it gives a sense of perspective. The perspective 
for asset turn and EBITDA margins, of course, like we have mentioned that many times that like 
the EBITDA margins are also a function of the platform effects that we are seeing. 
 
So obviously, we have certain fixed costs with regard to having an employee base and certain 
amount of investments we make for the data center side like they tend to spread across like in 
the sense that yes, for the most part, it is pay as you go, but then you also resolve certain fixed 
amount of capacity or promise certain fixed amount of capacity to be paid for. 
 
So which means that all in all, like as the volume grows, the EBITDA margins like typically 
tend to grow. Now, we are obviously hopeful of further increasing the EBITDA margin in the 
coming years. 
Now with regard to kind of like how the growth stands out, like again, like we are very, very 
hopeful based on all the industry reports and the expansion of industry and what we are seeing 
in terms of the interest level coming in from like a lot of people to figure out like how to do how 
to use the Gen AI to advance further their organization's goal. 
 
So we do hope to grow better than the industry average being a much smaller company. So that 
is what I would like to point to. 
Ritesh Chadha: 
Sir, at least can you share one, you might have a goalpost. So at least on the gross block side, if 
you could share that over the next three years, I would like to have, let us say, INR1,500 crores 
worth of assets, which will be given out? 
Tarun Dua: 
Obviously, it is a function of demand. So if you look at like the amount of fundraise and the 
ability to leverage that, so it could be anywhere between say INR300 crores-INR400 crores of 
new addition in terms of gross block all the way to like maybe something like INR1,000 crores 
to INR1,500 crores. So there is no upper limit in our mind that like it cannot go beyond like any 
number. And obviously, it is completely based on like the demand we are able to capture. 
Ritesh Chadha: 
Okay, can I ask you in a different way for FY '25, the current year for which you will know the 
visibility, what will be the assets that you will add for the current year? 
Tarun Dua: 
Okay. So again, I feel that like it is better to look at like the kind of like... So assets like it 
completely depends on like a number of factors. So one is, of course, like there is a slight thing 
about like supply chain. So it takes like a couple of months for the supply chain to provide us 

  
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
the new material. Second, of course, that like we always look at like, okay, what's the current 
pipeline and what's the current capacity. 
 
So based on these numbers, like we take all these decisions. Now, typically, what we are doing 
today is like we are buying hardware in blocks of about approximately INR100 crores plus minus 
INR10 crores. So... 
Ritesh Chadha: 
INR100 crores per annum or INR100 crores per quarter? 
Tarun Dua: 
Every time we buy, it's like a typically like INR190 crores to INR110 crores or INR120 crores 
kind of a buy for the hardware. And we keep on trying to run multiple cycles of this by like 
every year. So, basically based on that like it's very hard to predict. You could run more number 
of cycles, you could run less number of cycles. It depends on the demand as well as the supply. 
So, we are quite flexible in that regard. So, I wouldn't like to put a number to like what happens 
this financial year, what happens next financial year. Like, we always recommend that in our 
cloud business like look back rather than look ahead. 
Ritesh Chadha: 
Look back. So, if I look back then you added INR175 crores last year. 
Megha Raheja: 
No, we added INR185 crores last year in FY '24. And in H1, we have added around INR107 
crores till September. 
Ritesh Chadha: 
And my last question is at what is the comfortable balance sheet leverage for you and the GPU-
CPU mix for us in the asset, what is the GPU-CPU mix today and what will be the GPU-CPU 
mix in the future? 
Tarun Dua: 
The GPUs in the mix keep growing in number in terms of percentage. So, I think like we are 
already at like more or less like 90-10 kind of a mix. So, I think that's the steady state in terms 
of what we buy the GPU and CPU mix. So, with regards to I think like comfort in terms of 
leverage, I think like that depends on the MRR growth for us. 
So, with more MRR growth, we become more comfortable of being able to service more debt. 
So, again like as far as like debt is concerned, leverage is concerned like there is no upper limit 
in our mind. As long as we have the ability to surface it comfortably, we can take more debt.  
Ritesh Chadha: 
Okay. And lastly what is the asset turn that you would look at for deploying your capex, the 
asset turn ratio? Is it half time, one time?  
Tarun Dua: 
Currently, it's like broadly about 0.5 for incremental deployment. So, like we of course like as 
we continue to build our software like we expect it to grow. Now, what phase it grows is very 
hard to predict. So, which is why we say that like, yes, like generally like let's look at what is 
currently happening. And when it changes like, for example, like when it changes then we know 
that it has changed. 
Ritesh Chadha: 
Okay. And last sir you do not have any working capital… 
Moderator: 
Sir, I am sorry to interrupt Mr. Ritesh. Could you please go back in the question queue. 

  
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Analyst: 
Okay.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ketan from Taurus Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Ketan: 
Hello, sir. Can you please elaborate the MOU signed with Dell the prospects whatever it is? 
Tarun Dua: 
So, see Dell is one of the industry leaders in terms of providing a lot of hardware solutions in 
the entire world. And that gives them a unique access through their entire sales and marketing 
organization into what is happening across the organizations across the globe. And what are the 
trends that we are seeing in India which could accelerate based on their assessment of what is 
happening in the rest of the world. 
Now, at one level, of course, they are a vendor to us where they are one of the vendors who 
supplies the GPU servers and other hardware to us. At another level like essentially both our 
companies are in the business of providing solutions to our customers. So, in that essence like 
from a sales perspective if we are able to jointly target solutioning for a few customers, then that 
works out well for both us as well as Dell. 
So, that's the broad nature of the tie-up that like ultimately we are looking to kind of like help 
each other serve our customers better. So, since Dell does not provide the cloud, so they are able 
to kind of like point to us towards like some of the cloud solutions for the customers that are 
asking for solutions from them. And in our case like in case like the customer is not amenable 
to a cloud, then obviously kind of like we can give them the options to directly work with Dell.  
Obviously, we are not in the business of selling hardware. So, that's broadly it. So, it's like very 
early days. We have not seen any revenue impact because of this MOU or this relationship as of 
today, but obviously we kind of like continue to work towards helping each other jointly in the 
cloud GPU and the GPU market in India.  
Ketan: 
And what is the latest MRR? 
Tarun Dua: 
Sorry, say that again please.  
Ketan: 
Your latest MRR month revenue rate?  
Tarun Dua: 
Yes. So, we have updated the presentation in which the exit MRR for September is mentioned 
So, I think it is somewhere close to 16.5 something. 
Megha Raheja: 
Yes 165 million.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pankit Shah from Dinero Wealth. Please go 
ahead. 
Pankit Shah: 
Hi, Tarunji. Thank you for the opportunity. Sorry for harping on the capex front again. So, 
actually if you remember in the earlier call the plan was to do like a capex of approx INR800 
crores in a scenario where things goes as per the plan including the fundraise also. So, now if 

  
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
you are done with the fundraise, should we expect that things are as per the plan, as in we should 
do 800 or more?  
Tarun Dua: 
See without putting a time limit to it I think like over the next couple of years we should 
definitely do more capex than INR800 crores. 
Pankit Shah: 
That is for sure. But I'm saying from a visibility perspective as in and also in terms of leverage? 
Tarun Dua: 
Pankaj ji, I already answered this question. So, where essentially what we are saying is that like 
every time we go and make a hardware expense typically it goes something like this. Let's say 
essentially we are buying say somewhere close to 255 GPUs, associated storage, associated 
memory, associated peripherals, some amount of CPU compute and that entire bundle would 
typically like in a one series of purchases, which are close to each other to build capacity. So, 
that would be close to about like somewhere between INR90 crores to INR120 crores or maybe 
INR125 crores. 
And typically, we try to kind of like consume majority of this capacity and see the visibility for 
the next set of capacity before we go and place another order. So, essentially it's a balance 
between building the capacity versus the run rate for sale. So, ideally we would like to run as 
many cycles as quickly as possible. Now, that being said like there would obviously be periods 
like for example, like the holiday season due to festivals where things would get delayed by a 
couple of weeks.  
But broadly, the idea is to run as many cycles of these throughout the year to build up the 
capacity. So, again very hard to predict like what numbers do we end up with, but essentially we 
are moving as fast as possible. 
Pankit Shah: 
But if I want to understand, say, currently, in current times, how much time does this one cycle 
consume, say from ordering deployment to say consumption, if you can give a rough ballpark 
figure of two months, three months or? 
Tarun Dua: 
Okay. So, this keeps on changing, like the hardware supply chains, like sometimes they become 
very efficient. Sometimes there is a bit of inefficiency in those hardware supply chains. Then 
the conversion of demand, demand is a constant in the sense that like, if you look at the amount 
of workloads being run currently in India on the cloud, those number of workloads is essentially 
infinite. 
Like, so, we are talking about a couple of billion dollars worth of workload spread across CPU 
and GPU, where obviously, the workloads on the GPU side are growing very, very rapidly. Now, 
so one is, of course, like the demand pipeline coming from the presence of that many workloads 
being run by that many enterprises and organizations. 
 
And the second part is the conversion velocity. So, again, like I said, that like the conversion 
velocity is dependent on like a number of factors, including solutioning for individual customers, 
depending on their size and scale. And kind of like, it's very, very hard to predict all of these 
numbers. So, instead of like predicting, we react. So, that is what I would like to again stress on 
that, like, we work very nimbly and efficiently. 

  
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
And kind of like, you see those efficiencies, I hope that we are able to show, reflect that 
efficiency in our numbers as well. So, we intend to be the same in the future to kind of like, 
nimbly react to the market conditions very, very rapidly, and not commit to like hardbound plans. 
Because ultimately, what happens is that like the hardware SPUs, including cloud GPU SPUs 
change very rapidly. 
So, it is very important to build only the amount of capacity that you can kind of like sell very 
rapidly and quickly, and kind of like deploy more towards the future version. So, this is what 
reflects in our, this reflection of our philosophy also shows up in our, us being the first ones to 
deploy H200s in India. So, like, this flexibility goes away, like if we go and commit ourselves 
to a hardbound number. So, that's what I would like to continuously maintain over here. 
Pankit Shah: 
My second question, wanted to understand that, how is the competition shaping and with a lot 
of H100 coming in, say, inventory from competition side, we are seeing any impact on the yield 
side or anything on that end? 
Tarun Dua: 
So, as yet, we have not seen like a major impact of competition in terms of the yield. So, with 
regard to like the overall scenario of competition, I think it's also a reflection of the growing 
market. Now, some of the largest companies of the world have already been working in this 
space. 
And we do see that like, both from the end of like the bigger companies as well as from the end 
of the smaller companies, like, there would be more participants. I think we have mentioned that 
like, this is such a large market that it would not be kind of like impossible to imagine that there 
could be like 10 successful players, each with its own way of like operating in this market and 
its own niche could be successful in India alone. 
 
And a few of them would be of course, multinationals, a few of them would be domestic players. 
So, that's what it looks like today based on the various industry moves that we are seeing in the 
cloud GPU market today. So, there is obviously growth of competition, as there is growth of the 
market. So, I think both go hand-in-hand, if it is a very attractive market, obviously, there would 
be competitors. 
Now, we of course, have our own USPs in terms of having done support for more than a decade 
for unicorn scale customers, having done solutioning on the cloud GPU side for more than four 
years plus, and having built our software over the past couple of years, which is being better 
tested by a lot of our customers in terms of adoption. So, which obviously gives us an early 
mover advantage in terms of having a better understanding of what the customer needs are. 
 
And with regards to yields, like we also try to limit our exposure to any one FPU more than by 
going towards the newer FPU as soon as possible. So, especially by being better at predicting 
that okay, what is the volume that we will be able to sell on an FPU. And later of course, like 
for next couple of years, that FPU stops getting new supplies because it stops getting 
manufactured. 
 
So, eventually, the price for any FPU reaches a steady state. And that steady state like eventually 
is still a reasonable number. This is what we have seen in the past with the previous generations 

  
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
of FPUs. So, where initially there is less demand for an FPU because people have not yet figured 
out like how to utilize this FPU with the newer software library. And then over a period, the 
demand increases, the supply increases, then eventually the supply drives up. And this particular 
price point for this particular FPU then kind of like reaches a steady state. 
 
And then that steady state continues for next many years. So, this is something we have seen in 
the past. Now, how it exactly pans out for all future FPUs, again, is yet to be seen. But like 
looking at the past, this is what we feel is likely to happen. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Sriram from GM Financial Mutual 
Funds. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Sriram: 
So, how do you see your collaboration with People+ai in terms of large scale computing? If you 
could help us understand that. 
Tarun Dua: 
See there are many organizations which do not have like a kind of like very hard profit motive. 
They are trying to figure out a play for India. So, I think like People+ai is one such organization. 
Of course, like we are working with many others as well, where they are trying to figure out 
that, okay, from an India perspective, like, what is it that makes sense for like all of the cloud 
FPU players and maybe even other CPU cloud players in India to kind of like jointly do together.  
So, like, it's still very early days. It's again, like, so there is no current revenue impact due to 
People+ai in terms of a positive or negative in any way currently. But we are hopeful that, like, 
as People+ai evolves its strategy for where they want to influence the direction of the country, 
like, it will become known that, okay, what's the impact they're able to generate? 
Ashish Sriram: 
So, in terms of supply chain, do you still feel that we are still restricted in certain way in terms 
of sourcing of GPUs? And in parallel to that, how do you see the government's AI mission 
panning out? 
Tarun Dua: 
It's a very complicated answer. Both yes and no. So, in the sense that, like, we are definitely, 
India is definitely not a top buyer of GPUs. And so to speak, like, we do see kind of like India 
slightly behind in the queue from people who are able to kind of like get the very first versions 
of the GPUs that come out. Of course, like, even hardware has like a set of bug fixes that can be 
applied via the firmware and so on. 
 
So initially, like the very first people to get, like, the initial samples of GPUs tend to be the 
largest of hyperscalers or the largest of consumers of GPUs who are buying 100,000 plus kind 
of GPUs a year. That being said, that is still not a sufficient quantity for them to be able to launch 
like a broad based service, on demand service for their entire customer base. Let's admit, we do 
see that, broadly, the bulk of the GPU supplies, almost everyone gets almost at the same time. 
 
And so the current version, for instance, I think, like, it's now available for anyone to be able to 
kind of like purchase. And of course, the next version, like we intend to place the orders much 
in advance to ensure that, like, as soon as the new supply comes in, we are the first ones in the 
queue. So yes, like the supply chain, once a new SKU has stabilized, it's like very, very fast. 

  
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
 
When you're looking at a new SKU, there is like certainly a wait period. Now, a lot of things 
have improved compared to what they were a year ago, or even 6 months ago, in terms of speed 
of delivery. And the entire project being like shaped together. So for example, when you're 
buying GPU servers, you're not just buying the servers, you're also buying the networking 
equipment, you're also buying the fiber optic cables, you're also buying the storage, you're also 
buying the memory. 
 
So like, I think all of that, as of today, currently, it's all in a very good shape from a supply chain 
perspective. Now, there could be, like always, destabilization of a few components which are 
critical to the deployment, like in the future, as well as they have been in the past. But then, as 
of today, we don't see any impact on the current SKU supply chain. 
Ashish Sriram: 
Yes, fair enough. So, let me talk about... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Ashish. Can you please fall back in the question? 
Ashish Sriram: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shankar from Singularity AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Shankar: 
Yes. Hi, Tarun. Congrats again on the numbers and the performance. Would you be able to talk 
about the progress made, if any, with the partnership? And also, are you seeing most of the 
demand coming from domestic startups or international? If you could touch upon... 
Tarun Dua: 
The split between domestic and international has been about, I think, like close to 65, 35, 
approximately, in the last two quarters, is what we have seen. And mainly from outside, we see 
a lot of interest from the startups and some higher education and research institutions as well. 
And from a making progress perspective, like, again, it's a long cycle business. 
 
So, we kind of, like, continue to figure out, how well we are able to operate in the government 
ecosystem. So, it is still very, very early days. So, as something major becomes visible over 
there, obviously, we will inform everyone at the same time through the exchange notification. 
So, we continue to see very strong demand, both from domestic as well as international 
customers. 
Shankar: 
Just my second question, there's been a lot of talk about the GCC's off late and the surge in 
demand from that side overall across the IT industry itself. Are you seeing any trends with 
respect to the GCC itself in terms of the demand coming in from outside? That would be the 
second question. Thank you. 
Tarun Dua: 
Okay. So, like, currently, of course, like, we have a few in the pipeline, but whether we can 
quantify that today, I don't know. 
Shankar: 
Okay. All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keshav from Nivesh. Please go ahead. 

  
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Keshav: 
As mentioned on the website, there's one partner program. So, how much revenue do you 
generate from that? Like, what percentage of revenue did it help to, generate? You could answer 
that. 
Tarun Dua: 
So, it's still a fairly small number compared to the overall revenue generated by doing. But then, 
like, we are working hard towards, like, building partnerships across the ecosystem. And 
hopefully, in the future, we'll see a lot more revenue coming out from this channel. So, it's more, 
I guess, future and forward looking rather than what we are seeing immediately as of today. 
Keshav: 
And second one is, like, sorry, I joined a little late. So, you have already answered that. So, you 
have deployed 700 gigabytes in September and 256 in October. So, like, how much is the 
utilization rate? You have that number? You can share that. 
Tarun Dua: 
So, I don't have it handy currently. So, but like, the last 256 CPUs, they were just are very, very 
recent. So, I would believe that, most of that would be unutilized from a revenue perspective, 
although they would be utilized for some purpose or the other. But, like, from a revenue 
perspective, I think most of that should be unutilized as of today. 
 
And previously, whatever we have already have, like, apart from a few small outages where they 
are under some of the GPUs, machines are under repair and maintenance, I think, like, there is 
utilization anywhere between 80% to 90%. 
Keshav: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kshitij Saraf from Tusk Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Kshitij Saraf: 
Hi. Good afternoon. Excited to see how the company is shaping up and excited to see the whole 
fund-raise go through and how it will be deployed. Question on the technology side, just out of 
curiosity. We have the Blackwell, which is coming along, and you mentioned you're looking to 
serve a new customer segment of source. So, with Blackwell, how will it work? 
 
So, are you seeing economies of scale in serving the existing customers with this big GPU 
concept, or are you also looking to serve enterprise customers or geographical or more 
geographical diversification? How are you looking at it? 
Tarun Dua: 
Let me try to create a path over here. See, if you look at the state of the art in the open-source 
LLMs, which are usually the heart of most Gen AI installations today, the open-source LLMs, 
they are the heart of the Gen AI installations. Now, if you look at the trend in the open-source 
LLMs, mostly we have seen that larger number of parameters in terms of number of billions. 
 
So, a 400 billion, 405 billion parameter LLM in open-source would be very typical of the state 
of the art today. Now, that state of the art requires obviously bigger and bigger GPUs. So, today, 
the same LLM at 405 billion parameters would run at the minimum on a 16 GPU cluster, not 
less than that. 

  
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
 
Now, there is already talk of 1 trillion parameter LLMs. And of course, there are people building 
the smaller footprint LLMs as well in open-source. It's not that the state of art for more 
specialized, verticalized LLMs is not there. But if you look at the major state of the art of the 
open-source LLMs, there is an increasing trend for more ebb and issue, zero-shot knowledge to 
be available within the LLM. 
 
And they require bigger and bigger GPUs for sure. So, broadly, the trillion-parameter model that 
would become expand by the time the Blackwell gets released would be like whatever crystal 
gazing we can do, that seems to be where there would be a good match between the latest state 
of the art of LLMs and the Blackwell GPUs. And of course, if you look at the ecosystem, it 
continues to be very, very vast, where large number of organizations have large number of very, 
very different requirements from each other. 
 
And people will continue to explore the entire open-source universe of what fits their problem 
space with a solution very, very well and continue to test and deploy it. So, I think ultimately, 
that's where the new demand for the Blackwells is going to majorly come from. So, very large 
LLMs in open-source, state-of-the-art, all the community editions released by the major LLM 
providers of today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this will be our last question. It's from the line of Richa from 
Equitymaster. Please go ahead. 
Richa: 
Hi, my question has been answered. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan from Keynote Capitals. Please go ahead. 
Karan: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, could you please clarify if the fund is used for GPU capacity 
or not? 
Tarun Dua: 
See, broadly, I think like 75% of the funds will at least go towards augmenting the infrastructure 
capacity, which majorly includes the GPUs. And for the remaining 25%, we have taken that in 
the general corporate corpus, where there is sufficient optionality. Now, we would like to keep 
looking at opportunities that come our way for deployment of those part of the funds, some of 
which could go towards like helping increase our engineering and technology capabilities on the 
software side. 
 
Other than that, like if we are not able to utilize for development of capabilities, or there are no 
other opportunities that kind of like arrive for utilization in the optional space, then we could 
like utilize that part for the infrastructure expansion itself. 
Karan: 
Okay. And lastly, what are some primary internal KPIs that the management uses to monitor its 
performance, the company's performance? 
Tarun Dua: 
So, we have also put that up in our latest presentation. So, we do intend to establish at least like 
one new major cloud zone, south of India. So, that would also include GPUs. So, we do intend 
to increase the diversity of our customer base. So, where we want to incrementally add more 

  
 
 
 
E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
government and enterprise customers. Obviously, scaling up of accelerated computing, GPU 
capacity and overall cloud infrastructure remains one of the key strategic initiatives for us. 
 
And last but not the least, like we also intend to kind of like add to our engineering and 
technology and operational health in terms of both software and processes for delivering to our 
customers like the latest and greatest in the AI ML and AI technology. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, this was the last question for today's 
conference call. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for the closing 
comments. 
Tarun Dua: 
Yes, thank you to everyone for participating in our call. And with this, we would like all of you 
a very happy Diwali. And thank you for the organizers of the call. Thank you, Megha. And 
thanks to all our customers and our team. And with this, once again, happy Diwali to all of you. 
And with this, we would like to end the call. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. And 
you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
