 
 
 
सचिवीय चवभाग                                             Secretarial Department  
प्रधान कार्ाालर्  
 
        
                Head Office 
 
                       
 F    +91 80 22248831 
112, जे सी रोड, बेंगलूरु - 560002 
               112 J C Road, Bengaluru - 560002   
 T    +91 80 22100250 
E-Mail - hosecretarial@canarabank.com               www.canarabank.com                       
 
 
Ref :: SD:428/429/11/12::2024-25  
 
 
 
 
 
30.10.2024 
The Vice President 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
MUMBAI - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 532483 
The Vice President 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
EXCHANGE PLAZA 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra [E] 
MUMBAI - 400 051 
Scrip Code: CANBK 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Q2 FY 2024-25 Earnings conference call with Analysts / Investors - Transcript 
 
Ref : 1. Our Letter SD:389/390/11/12::2024-25 dated 18.10.2024 & 
          2. Our Letter SD:409/410/11/12::2024-25 dated 29.10.2024 
 
With reference to above and pursuant to the applicable provisions of SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015, we herewith enclose the transcript of post results Earnings conference call 
Q2 FY2024-25 held on 29.10.2024. 
 
The transcript of Q2 FY2024-25 Earnings conference call is uploaded on Bank’s website and 
the same can be accessed through below link: 
 
https://canarabank.com/pages/Earning-Conference-Call-Transcript 
 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
SANTOSH KUMAR BARIK 
COMPANY SECRETARY    
SANTOSH 
KUMAR BARIK
Digitally signed by 
SANTOSH KUMAR 
BARIK 
Date: 2024.10.30 
18:36:40 +05'30'

 
1 
 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Web Call of Canara Bank 
October 29, 2024 
 
− Moderator: 
− Good evening, everyone, we welcome you all to the Q2 FY25 Earnings Web Call of 
Canara Bank. Thank you for giving us this opportunity to host the call today. Today 
with us we have Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD and CEO, Mr. Debashish Mukherjee - 
Executive Director, Mr. Ashok Chandra - Executive Director, Mr. Hardeep Singh 
Ahluwalia - Executive Director and Mr. Bhavendra Kumar - Executive Director, along 
with other senior members of the team. Without any further ado, I hand over the 
call to MD sir for his opening remarks, post which we will open the floor for 
questions and answers.  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Good evening to all of you. First of all, I wish you a happy Dhanteras for all the 
people participating in these interactions. I am presenting the September Quarter 
results. Again, one more consistent quarterly results we are putting forth before you. 
Our global business has grown at 9.42% and stood at 23.59 lakh crore. Global deposit 
growth at 9.34% and stood at 13.47 lakhs crore. Our global advances also have 
grown at 9.53% and stood at 10.11 crores. Our Net Profit has increased 11.31% year-
on-year, and first time it has crossed a quarterly net profit of 4000 crores. It stood at 
4,014 crores. Our CRAR year has reached all-time high of 16.57% with a year-on-year 
increase of 37 basis points. Our PCR, first time we have crossed 90% and stood at 
90.89% with year-on-year increase of 216 basis points. Our Gross NPA has come 
down below 4% i.e. June Quarter it was 4.14%. Now it has come down to 3.73% with 
year-on-year decline of 103 basis points. Our Net NPA also has come down below 1% 
from the June level of 1.24%. It has come down to 0.99% with year-on-year decline 
of more than 42 basis points.  
− Our credit growth is led by the RAM sector, and our RAM credit has grown at 
11.54%. If you see, sequentially, our RAM credit growth in the current quarter itself 
is 4.5%, contributed by the retail credit grown at 31.27% and stood at Rs 1.94 lakh 
crore. Our housing loan growing at 12.29% stood at Rs 99,452 crores, but as on date 
we’ve already crossed Rs 1 lakh crore in this housing loan portfolio. Our vehicle loan 
is also growing at a good growth at 15.49% and stood at Rs 18,607 crore.  
− Our Earnings Per Share… Now this is against the Rs 2 face value of the share. Our 
Earnings Per Share stood at Rs 17.41 with year-on-year growth rate of 10.57%. Our 
fee-based income has shown a growth rate of year-on-year at 17.68% and stood at 
Rs 2,436. First time we could touch the slippage ratio at the bottom of 1%, with an 
improvement of year-on-year 32 basis points. 
− These are all some highlights of this. Just I want to compare our latest performance 
with the guidance given in the 1st Quarter for this whole financial year. 

 
2 
 
− The whole financial year we have given a guidance of business growth at 10%. As 
against that, 9.42% we have grown up to September 30th. The main reason for that 
was, in the 1st Quarter of course we shed our low yielding advances in the corporate 
sector of Rs 30,000-35,000 crores. That's why the 1st Quarter growth was only 
around 1%. But the 2nd Quarter advances has grown at near to 4% and deposits also 
has grown at near to 3%. That has contributed this growth rate of business growth at 
9.42%. Advances growth at 9.53% and deposit growth at 9.34%, as against the 
guidance of 9%.  
− First time in the last three quarters, CASA has shown uptick on growth compared to 
sequentially the quarter-on-quarter. June Quarter to now it has improved by almost 
28 basis points. It was 30.98%, now it is 31.27%. And in absolute numbers also, 
quarter-on-quarter we improved CASA of Rs 8,000 crores. Our NIM slightly has come 
down compared to the peer banks. It come down from 2.9 to 2.88. Though there is a 
lot of pressure on the cost of deposits, but we could manage this because of efficient 
management of our resources, alternative resources, and efficiently lending at little 
higher cost. These two we could manage efficiently. That’s why, the peer banks, 
their NIMs have been impacted from 7 to 10 to 11 basis points. But we could 
manage with only two basis points reduction in the NIM.  
− Our Gross NPA has come down from 4.14% to 3.73% as against our next March level 
guidance of 3.5%. Our Net NPA, next March level guidance we had given 1.10, but 
already we are at below 1% i.e. 0.99%. Our PCR we had given a guidance of 90% at 
the next March level, but we are already touching the 91% at 90.89%. Slippage ratio 
also we had given a guidance of 1.3% for March, but we already could successfully 
control slippages and we have touched that 1% slippage ratio. Our credit cost slightly 
increased quarter-on-quarter from 0.9 to 0.97, but still it is much below the guidance 
that we have given at 1.10. This increase in the credit cost is from 0.9 to 0.97 is not 
because of any of the quality. We have provided additional more than 500 crores in 
existing NPA accounts to strengthen our PCR coverage ratio. That was the reason 
that the credit cost has shown a little higher side at the point, compared to the 
previous quarter, but it is well below the guidance what we have given in the initial 
financial year.  
− Our Return on Equity also is maintained well above that guidance of 18%, at 20.44%. 
And our Earnings Per Share, what we had given the guidance is 16.40, and as against 
that 17.41 we could achieve. Return on Assets, the guidance was the 1%, but we are 
able to maintain at the 1.05. It is sequentially last quarter also at 1.05. Now also it is 
1.05.  
− These are all the basic important parameters I wanted to share with you. Now it is 
open for all of you to raise any queries or clarifications. Along with me, all the four 
EDs are available. Our CFO is there. All the top brass is available here. Now it is open 
for you to ask any clarifications from our side, sir.  
− Moderator: 

 
3 
 
− Thank you, MD sir. We will wait a couple of seconds for the question queue to 
arrange. If you wish to ask a question, please raise your hand. We have our first 
question from the line of Mona Khetan. Please go ahead, ma'am.  
− Ms. Mona Khetan – Participant: 
− Hi sir. Good evening and congratulations on a good quarter. Firstly, on the growth a 
bit, so if I look at the sequential growth, the retail book grew by about 12% QoQ. So 
just wanted to understand where is this growth coming from, because if I look at 
both home loan and vehicle portfolios, which are bigger part, they have only grown 
by 3%, and larger part has come from Other PL book as per Slide 29. So yeah, where 
is this growth coming from?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Yes, ma'am. Actually, last time also I shared with you, that in the current year, we 
have introduced a new product in the gold loan for metropolitan cities. Earlier in the 
metropolitan cities, we used to lend for the agriculture purpose for gold loans, that 
we stopped. In metropolitan, we are not lending for any agricultural purpose. We 
are lending only for commercial purposes only with a little higher rate of interest. 
And we have introduced a customer-friendly product, a tailor-made product for 
lending against gold in the metropolitan cities. That has attracted a wide… from all 
the metropolitan cities. It has contributed very good growth in that. That is helping 
in our retail growth much better.  
− Ms. Mona Khetan – Participant: 
− Sir, where does this gold book stand as on September?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Yes, ma'am. Actually, as on date, whole entire bank, our gold portfolio was 1,65,000 
crores. This retail growth, with the product what we launched, is around 28,000 
crores.  
− Ms. Mona Khetan – Participant: 
− Okay. And this was about 19,000 last quarter, if I am correct?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Yes, ma'am.  
− Ms. Mona Khetan – Participant: 
− Okay. And this Other PL also includes education loan, if I am correct? 
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Yes, ma'am. Education loan also is there. Mortgage loans are also there. 
− Ms. Mona Khetan – Participant: 

 
4 
 
− So how large are these books, education and mortgage loan, if you could share?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Educational loan is almost 16,000 crores, ma'am. That is also growing at double-digit 
growth.  
− Ms. Mona Khetan – Participant: 
− Okay. Got it. And so mainly the growth is coming from this gold product introduced 
in metro cities.  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− No, it is not that mainly, ma'am. Actually, that is a contribution. On an average, the 
RAM sector is growing at… the retail other than gold is growing at 3.5%. The 10% 
growth is because whatever excess is there, it is because of that gold loan product.  
− Ms. Mona Khetan – Participant: 
− Got it. And what would be the yields in this particular product, which is introduced in 
metro cities?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− It is one-year MCLR, ma'am. Above one-year MCLR. 10 basis points above the one-
year MCLR. On an average, we are getting 9.15 yield. 
− Ms. Mona Khetan – Participant: 
− Okay. Got it. Secondly, if I look at the SME…  
− Moderator: 
− Ma’am, you can come back in the queue. We have other participants also. Thank 
you.  
− We have a next question from the line of Mr. Rakesh Kumar. Sir, please go ahead.  
− We have a next question from the line of Mr. Nitesh. Sir, please go ahead.  
− We have a next question from the line of Mr. Jay Mundra. Sir, please go ahead, you 
have been unmuted.  
− Mr. Jay Mundra – Participant: 
− Hi. Good evening. Sir, just wanted to check on the SMA-2 number that is high. Last 
time you had mentioned that there is one Central Government steel exposure. 
Anything about…  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Carry on, carry on. You ask that question. Complete that question. 

 
5 
 
− Mr. Jay Mundra – Participant: 
− No, no. So, that is it, sir. Apart from the steel exposure, is there anything which is 
contributing to the rise in SMA-2?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Yes, sir. Actually, one more account is there, one State Government account. But it 
appears sometimes in SMA-2 and again it comes back to that SMA-0. That account, 
this as of September, has reflected in the SMA-2. There the exposure also is 
comparatively high. These two have contributed 60% of that SMA-2.  
− Mr. Jay Mundra – Participant: 
− Right. And what is the provisions that you hold on to the steel Central Government 
exposure?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Already, earlier also I shared with you, 15% we already provided, which is around 
560 crores.  
− Mr. Jay Mundra – Participant: 
− Right. And the additional provision that you have provided, 500 crores, is only on 
NPA, right? So, that has increased the PCR.  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− That is only on existing NPAs, sir. That 500 crores we have provided on existing NPA 
accounts.  
− Mr. Jay Mundra – Participant: 
− Correct. And sir, lastly, if you can also share the loan book by benchmark, how much 
is EBLR, how much is MCLR and how much is fixed rate?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Sir, our EBLR is 41%. Our MCLR is 48%. The rest is staff loans and fixed rates.  
− Mr. Jay Mundra – Participant: 
− So, sir, in Agri also, you have a decent chunk of Agri and Agri Gold. That is also 
floating…? 
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Sir, no, actually floating rate, it is linked to the MCLR, no?  
− Mr. Jay Mundra – Participant: 
− Okay. So, that is also floating… 

 
6 
 
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Retail and MSME is EBLR. Remaining all portfolios are MCLR.  
− Mr. Jay Mundra – Participant: 
− Right. And last thing, sir, on your margins, we have a decent contribution coming 
from… apart from interest on loans and interest on investment, there is a decent 
proportion coming from the balance with the RBI and Forex transaction. How do you 
look at that going ahead in the overall NIM? Thank you.  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Sir, if you look at the last consecutive five quarters, more or less, we are able to 
manage around 1,500 crores in that; 1500 to 1600 crores every quarter. The same 
tempo will continue because we have an 8% excess SLR. By pledging that, we can 
draw some money from the RBI at 6.5, which we can lend it to that effectively 
overnight or any short-term durations. That is giving some benefit to us.  
− Mr. Jay Mundra – Participant: 
− Okay. Thank you, sir. I am done.  
− Moderator: 
− We have the next question from the line of Pritesh from DAM Capital, sir.  
− Mr. Pritesh – DAM Capital: 
− Hi, sir. One question on margins and yields. So, we have been shredding the earlier 
loans… I think about 2-3 lakh crores were the loans which we were shredding, which 
were lower interest rate and that is affecting yields. But that is not reflecting on the 
margins. So, can you just give a little bit of colour on that? How will the margins 
move up from here, and how can it go beyond 3%?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− See, beyond 3% at this moment, because you should understand first that our CASA 
ratio is 31%. When your CASA ratio is for 31%, your cost of deposit compared to 
other peer banks will be little on the higher side. Our cost of deposit is stabilized at 
5.7%. And when your cost of deposit is that much, yield on advances, earlier I told 
you, that around 60,000 crores was with the low yielding advances. Out of that 
35,000 to 40,000 crores we already shed and we’ve withdrawn those sanctions and 
we are taken back that money. That has helped us in improving the June Quarter 
too. In the September Quarter, if you see yield on advances, it has increased from 
8.66 to 8.77. That means, 11 basis points. This 35,000 crores, what we have 
withdrawn from low yielding advances and again deployed in higher yielding 
advances, that has reflected in our yield on advances. If you see that is only 
quarterly. June Quarter to September Quarter cost of deposit is maintained at 5.7, 
there is no deterioration there, but there is an improvement in the yield on advances 

 
7 
 
from 8.66 to 8.77. Earlier just three quarters back, our yield on advances, especially 
on the corporate sector used to be 7.12%. Now it has increased it to 8.48%.  That 
juggling what we are supposed to do, we have completed that. But it is not as you 
are expecting that it is 2 to 3 lakh crores, it is 60,000 crores. Out of that 40,000 to 
45,000 crores we have done already. The remaining is well within our appetite.  
− One more thing I want to clarify is, under the present conditions of tough high rate 
of interest for deposits, controlling the cost of deposit is little tough for the bankers. 
Under such circumstances, expecting a crossing of the NIM for 3% in the near 
quarters, in one to two quarters, it may not be possible.  
− Mr. Pritesh – DAM Capital: 
− Sir, just a follow on that. Basically, our CD ratio is also in favour. We are at about 
overall 73%. And we are growing faster on the loan growth than deposit growth. But 
that is not reflecting in the margin. So where is the pressure coming from? I 
understand there will be pricing pressure in terms of the loan book side or the 
corporate loan book side. But we are also growing our retail book quite fast. But it 
does not seem to be that it is reflecting in the margin side. So just wanted to check 
on that.  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− No, I hope if you have gone through that, all the banks which have published their 
results, if you have seen their NIMs, every bank has lost their NIMs from minimum 7 
basis points to almost 12 to 13 basis points. But in our bank, if you see that we lost 
only 2 basis points. That itself is a reflection that our credit, whatever the RAM is 
growing in, that is contributing to us. But let me clarify once again that our cost of 
deposits is comparatively higher than the other peer banks. The reason behind is our 
CASA is at 31%. That is why our focus is more on the CASA. We have initiated… we 
have almost launched more than 10 section-focused targets in the products. We 
have launched for the last 20 months, which has attracted very well from various 
sections of the society, and that has garnered almost 17,000 to 18,000 crores in the 
SB individuals. That is where our main focus is. And we are also using alternative 
resources like infrastructure bonds or raising the window available with the RBI by 
pledging the excess SLRs. These things we are also using for keeping our cost of 
funds under control.  
− Mr. Pritesh – DAM Capital: 
− Got it, sir. Thank you so much. Thank you for the answer.  
− Moderator: 
− Sir, we have next question from the chat box. Mr. Jay Mundra has asked a question. 
How much is unsecured personal loan and GNP in rupees-crore and slippage in the 
quarter? And recovery target for H2 FY25?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 

 
8 
 
− See, in our bank, the unsecured loans in the RAM sector, especially retail sector, is 
only approximately 18,000 crores. So, out of that, it's pensioners and salaried class; 
where they get their salary or the pension through our bank, only those people will 
get the unsecured loans. Other than that, we don't give any unsecured loans to any 
non-customer or other than salaried class customer. That's why we don't see any 
stress in that. And it's only 12,000 crores. The remaining 6,000 crores is unsecured 
loans under the educational loan. So, anyhow, that’s under control. So, whatever it is 
there.  
− Under the current slippages, if you look at, our entire retail NPA percentage is only 
just above 1%. Our other personal loans, if you look at, the percentage is only 0.52% 
NPA. And total overall current quarter’s slippages, entire slippages, our retail 
portfolio is 1,94,000 crores. Out of that, slippage is only 440 crores.  
− Moderator: 
− Thank you, sir. We have our next question from the line of Omkar. Omkar, please 
unmute yourself and go ahead.  
− We have our next question from the chat box again. We have a question from Mona 
Khetan. What is the outstanding standard provisions on your balance sheet? How 
much of it is towards restructured book?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− In the restructured book, I can answer. The standard provisions, my CFO will answer. 
Our restructured book, RF1, RF2 and all together, now it is 14,000 crores. Out of 
that, 4,500 crores under NPA and 9,500 crores is under standard asset. The 
provisioning against the standard asset, in this particular September, we have 
provided 134 crores. But total outstanding, I will ask my CFO to share with you, 
whether we have the figure.  
− Management - Canara Bank: 
− Standard asset provision is around 2,000 crores for us. And anything else you 
require?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− That’s all.  
− Moderator: 
− Thank you, sir. If anyone wishes to ask a question, please raise your hand. We have 
the next question from the line on Mr. Pranav. 
− Mr. Pranav – Participant: 
− Hi, sir. Thanks a lot for the opportunity. Sir, credit growth has slowed down. Any 
outlook into the future? Will this come back?  

 
9 
 
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− See, in the initial years, we have given a credit growth of 10% guidance. But when I 
am interacting with all of you, I told that it is a minimum credit growth and we will 
do more than that, maybe 11% or 12%. In the 1st Quarter, because of our stress on 
those margins and all, we have taken a call to withdraw some sanctions at low 
yielding advances. That we have done some 35,000 to 40,000 crores, which has 
impacted the current year growth. But still, the current latest concluded September 
Quarter, if you see, the credit growth is almost touching a 4%. 3.78% growth was 
there. It is 4%. The remaining two quarters also, we see the same type of growth 
because the September Quarter comparatively is a slack season. But the December 
Quarter and March Quarter will be a peak season for credit growth. And we will 
definitely see near to the 4% growth in these two quarters. So overall, definitely, 
what we committed that we may reach 11%, definitely, it may happen, even after 
shredding that 35,000 crores, low yielding advances.  
− Mr. Pranav – Participant: 
− Right, sir. Two more questions. In the SMA increase, it certainly happened because 
of the two accounts that you mentioned. That is one. And second, in your NII, what 
was the impact of the penal interest being classified as Other Income? 
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− No, it's a hardly. See, every quarter, it will be around… Actually, you are asking about 
the interest recovered in the NPA accounts, no? Every year, every quarter… 
− Mr. Pranav – Participant: 
− No, sir. I am saying that your NII is slightly down. So, that impact is totally due to 
the…  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− No, NII has slightly increased, 9,100 to 9,300. It has not come down. Compared to 
June, June NII was 9,166, September it is 9,315. So, there is a 150 crore increase in 
the NII.  
− Moderator: 
− Thank you, sir. We have the next question from the line of Ashlesh Sonje. Go ahead, 
it will be unmuted.  
− Mr. Ashlesh Sonje – Participant: 
− Hi, sir. Good afternoon. Firstly, can you give a breakup of slippages across segments?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Slippage breakup is total 2,300 crores. Out of that, 1,000 crores is from MSME, 800 
crores from agriculture, 500 crores from retail. 

 
10 
 
− Mr. Pranav – Participant: 
− Sir, second question. Housing loan NPA has gone up by 20 basis points in this 
quarter. Anything to highlight over here?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− No, actually there is no such threat. Actually in the earlier days, when one account 
slipped, in some joint accounts, accounts linked to the 1st name, system had allowed 
to slip into the NPA. But the 2nd name on the linked accounts was not slipped to 
NPA, which been pointed out in the audit that we have rectified it one-time. We 
have allowed such type of things all into the NPA. That is why there is a slight 
increase showing in that, otherwise there is no serious concern on that. 
− Mr. Pranav – Participant: 
− Sorry sir, I do not understand. What do you, what is the 1st name and 2nd name?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− See, when any joint borrower is there and that account slips to NPA, all the accounts 
in both the borrowers’ names, all those accounts also slip to NPA. But in our system, 
somehow only 1st name related accounts are slipped, 2nd name related accounts 
were not slipped. That has been pointed out by the auditor and it has been a one-
time thing. We have allowed that slippages and now we are recovering that. 
− Mr. Pranav – Participant: 
− Understood sir, makes sense. Sir, the SMA-2 account, the other account apart from 
the steel exposure which you have, that other account seems to be about Rs. 2,000 
odd crores. Can you just confirm that number and also give us some more detail 
about it. 
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Yes, the other account also is around 3,000 crores, but there is a State Government 
guarantee. We do not see any too much concern on that account and it has come 
down to SMA-1 as on date. It moves from various SMAs, SMA-0 to 1, 2 like that.  
− Mr. Pranav – Participant: 
− Understood sir. And just lastly, what is the status of discussions on the steel 
exposure account, steel SMA-2 account?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− RINL, that steel exposure account, resolution work is going on, and as on date this is 
a going concern. All banks have already formed a consortium. Earlier this was under 
the multiple banking. Now to bring uniform rules and regulations, a consortium is 
formed and we are all working together. And management is also supporting us in 
bringing a resolution.  

 
11 
 
− Mr. Pranav – Participant: 
− Understood sir, thanks a lot for answering my questions, I will come back if I have 
more questions. 
− Moderator: 
− Thank you. If anyone else wishes to ask a question, please raise your hand. We have 
our next question from Mr. Rakesh Kumar. What is the NPI now, and what is the 
reason for provision write backs in Others in the provision line?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− In NPI there is a reduction. Sequentially if you look at that, our total NPI is around 
5,900 crores, and last June it was around 6,000 odd. It has come down slightly. And 
there is no further slippages in the NPI. The write back is 72 crores.  
− Moderator: 
− And sir, what is the LCR now?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Our LCR is 130.55 i.e. 131%. And even the RBI new guidelines if you implement it, it 
may impact around 10 to 11 basis points. So, we will be comfortable at around 
120%. 
− Moderator: 
− So, we have a next question from the line of Omkar. Corporate loan growth has been 
strong for PSU bank during this quarter. When will Canara Bank start picking up in 
this segment and which segment?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− No, this quarter actually the corporate credit growth has shown a 3% growth. 3% 
quarterly would be 12% growth annualised, which is above our guidance. So, already 
in our bank it has picked up. In the 1st Quarter also, we did several sanctions and 
disbursement, but when we shred that 35,000 crores of low yielding advances, it has 
not reflected in the outstandings. But otherwise, credit growth is on average 3% 
every quarter. And we are confident that next two quarters also it will happen at 3%. 
− Moderator: 
− We have the next question from the line of Mr. Shastri. Any update on the indicative 
timeline for IPO of Canara Robeco AMC and other subsidiaries?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− As on date it is scheduled in the 4th Quarter, sir. Still we believe that it may happen in 
the 4th Quarter only.  

 
12 
 
− Moderator: 
− The next question is from the line of Mr. Rakesh Kumar. How does the economies of 
pledging SLR with RBI work, considering its impact on LCR and lower funding cost at 
5.26?  
− Management - Canara Bank: 
− See, in respect of this impact of SLR related changes which RBI is contemplating, 
those who are borrowing heavily on a daily basis will not have much impact because 
they will be having the benefit of arbitrage. So, others who are holding it only will be 
having an impact as far as LCR is concerned. Our position is better because, as sir 
said, the changes has been brought in the new LCR guidelines, for which the impact 
will be maximum 11 basis points. Hope it is clarified. 
− Moderator: 
− Thank you, sir. We have a next question from Ashlesh Sonje. What is the outlook on 
recovery from bad loans in H2 FY25? Any large resolutions expected?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Large recovery. See nowadays, the first two to six months, our recovery mostly we 
are getting it from small ticket size. NCLT resolutions of quarter, total together we 
got around 549 crores. Out of that, some accounts are from liquidation. But these 
are all not more than 100 crores each. It may be 50 crores, 60 crores, that is the 
range we are getting in each account. We are not getting like 400-500 crores from 
one account. These are all from different accounts only. 50% of our recovery is 
coming from small ticket size. The remaining 50% only are these big tickets. But 
these big tickets also are not from a single account. Various accounts, various 
resolutions are in different stages. During that process, some are in the OTS, some 
are in the liquidation, some are in the resolution approvals. In these stages we are 
receiving the money.  
− Moderator: 
− Thank you, sir. If anyone wishes to ask any questions, please raise your hand. We 
have the next question from the line on Mr. Ashlesh Sonje. Please go ahead, sir.  
− Mr. Ashlesh Sonje – Participant: 
− Just one last question. A few other banks have reported recoveries from the Reliance 
Capital account in this quarter. Any exposure which you had, and what was the 
recovery amount from that?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− No, we don’t have anything. We got the money from Reliance Infra account and not 
from that other account.  
− Mr. Ashlesh Sonje – Participant: 

 
13 
 
− Understood, sir. Thank you. 
− Moderator: 
− We have our next question from the line of Mr. Sushil Choksey. Please go ahead.  
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− Congratulations to Team Canara for excellent results in stable environment. Sir, my 
first question is what is your outlook on the 2nd Half balance between treasury and 
corporate and retail credit, as market is indicating that the treasury has peaked and 
MCLR rates also would have peaked. So, do you anticipate that lot of profit taking 
would happen where treasury is concerned, and lot of credit growth? Because the 
yields have peaked and the demand on Infra is going to be high?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Sir, credit side I will speak, the treasury side I will ask my ED sir to speak to you. But 
actually, credit side good growth is there. We are seeing a traction also. In the just 
concluded quarter, almost near to 4% we could grow in credit. In absolute number, 
domestic advances have grown 35,000 crores in one quarter. That is the range of 
growth what we are seeing. And the same thing is continuing in the current quarter 
also. And we believe that in the current quarter also, we may end up around 3.5 to 
4% growth rate in the credit. Sir, in the March Quarter also it may be likely to… So, 
with that we believe that though in the 1st Quarter we lost the something because of 
shredding that low yielding advances, but still overall, we believe that our credit 
growth may be around 11%. But since the management has taken a call to reach that 
RAM sector at 58% and corporate is at 42%, our credit growth focus will be more on 
the RAM sector. Even as on today, our total credit growth is 9.53, but our RAM 
sector is 11.54. So, the RAM sector may grow little faster than the corporate sector. 
Corporate may grow around 9 to 10%. But the RAM sector may continue to grow 
around 12%. 
− And regarding the treasury, I will ask Mukerjee sir to explain to you.  
− Mr. Debashish Mukherjee - Executive Director, Canara Bank: 
− Actually, our portfolio yield remains at 6.95%, and we expect it to continue. Now one 
opportunity which we will get is that 5% HTM sale. That 5% HTM sale we have not 
yet done. That we have kept because yields are softening. So we would like to use 
that opportunity, which many of the banks have done so far. So that will give us a lot 
of opportunity for profit making. So that way, we hope that our treasury profits will 
be maintained.  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− That we are keeping it for better pricing. Once we feel that softening of the yields 
may happen, then we may get a better pricing in this. That's why we have kept that 
5% HTM sale pending. That we may exercise whenever the opportunity is good. 

 
14 
 
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− It sounds prudent, what you are indicating on the treasury side. Sir besides treasury, 
on the retail growth, do you anticipate with so much of technology spend and 
digitization, Southern economy led by technology, lot of manufacturing coming to 
your side of part of the country, do you think the consumer demand at our end will 
be much higher than what is anticipated?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− No, definitely I have seen good traction in the even MSMEs. In a smaller 
manufacturing area also, we have seen that in absolute numbers, we have grown in 
the first 6 months to more than 6,000-7000 crores. And even now, in the current 20 
days also we have seen almost 2,000-2,500 crores more growth.  So in MSME also 
we are expecting that the growth may be touching near to 9 to 10% this year. The 
last year we had grown at 6.5%, previous year we had grown at only 2%. But this 
year we are expecting that it may touch 9 to 10%. And retail growth will be definitely 
a dominating contributor in RAM credit. That will continue to grow around 14%, 13 
to 14%.  
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− Sir, seeing you are taking advantage on city loans where gold is concerned and many 
other things, any aspirational targets the bank is setting up to garner this loan 
market?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− No actually as prudent banking, when we stopped lending for agriculture purposes in 
metropolitan branches, we don't want to lose that business opportunity. That's why 
we have created a product suitable to the metropolitan citizens with little higher 
margins, higher yields. And that has attracted very well in the field. And we have 
done the entire… because in a day-to-day basis, almost 40,000 to 60,000 number of 
accounts will open in the entire country, including agriculture or the retail number of 
gold loans. That we have digitized. From middle of September onwards we have 
digitized this entire process end-to-end. So that has helped us in meeting the 
customer requirements in a faster mode. Nowadays, we are giving loans within the 
10 to 15 minutes because the entire process is digitized. Many things we can take 
control from the back end also like LTV ratio. Instead of depending on the branches, 
now we are centralized. We have minimized that… We are trying to mitigate the risk 
associated with gold loan. With all these steps already existing, we are growing at 15 
to 16%. And we look at that, the growth will be around 16 to 17% this year.  
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− Thank you and congratulations to team Canara for the current year. And Happy 
Dhanteras and Happy Diwali.  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 

 
15 
 
− Thank you, sir and same to you.  
− Moderator: 
− Thank you, sir. We have our next question from the line of Mr. Devaraj Mota. Please 
go ahead. 
− Mr. Devaraj Mota – Participant: 
− Hi sir. Congratulations on a good set of results. I just have one question. For the last 
two or three years, you all have consistently had recoveries greater than incremental 
slippages. But given that now we are entering a period where a lot of the large 
recoveries are behind us, do you think this will still continue or you think we’d go to 
a more normalized environment where slippages are higher than recoveries?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− No, I believe that it will continue. Because the reason is to, clean the balance sheet 
one is our underwriting standards have been improved, and that is helping in 
controlling the slippages. That is one side. The other side on recoveries is, to have a 
cleaner balance sheet, every quarter we do some technical written off also. That is 
adding to my kitty. And whatever we are recovering, that is again adding back to that 
kitty in the form of technical written off. That will continue to support us. I believe, 
that whatever we are shown in the last one year or two years, similarly, we are 
expecting that every year the recovery and technical written off is around 4,000 to 
5,000. That’s what actually even last time also I shared with you, and that will 
continue to support our balance sheet.  
− Mr. Devaraj Mota – Participant: 
− Got it. Very helpful. Thank you so much. Those were the questions I had.  
− Moderator: 
− Thank you. If there is anyone who wants to ask a question, please raise your hand. 
We have our next question from the line of Mr. Rakesh Kumar. Sir, you have been 
unmuted. Please go ahead.  
− We have our next question from the line of Mr. Manish Shukla. 
− Mr. Manish Shukla – Participant: 
− The new gold loan product that you are talking about, what is the nature of the 
customer profile of the borrowers for taking these loans?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Gold loans is for any individual who is having a repaying capacity. If they are having a 
gold with them, jewellery. Gold means we pledge only the jewellery. If somebody is 
there, that is the only criteria and their CIBIL should be acceptable and they should 
have a clear credit report. And they should have an account with us. For us it is 

 
16 
 
mandatory we don't disburse anything in cash. All our gold loans are disbursed 
through only account. So, he must be our customer. These are the basic 
requirements.  
− Mr. Manish Shukla – Participant: 
− And the earlier product that you have discontinued. You have said that it was Agri-
gold loan in metro area. 
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Yes sir, metro area because the agriculture gold loans have to be in line with the 
regulator. Proof of land records and all is required and we don't want to take any risk 
there. So that's why we discontinued that. We are confining that product only in the 
rural, semi-urban and urban areas, where there is a possibility of obtaining proof of 
holding the land, easily for lending. Metropolitan that may not be possible. That's 
why we discontinued. But we didn't lose any business there. So earlier it was lent 
under Agriculture. Entire thing has been converted into retail. And rather, we are 
growing much faster than that. 
− Mr. Manish Shukla – Participant: 
− And is there overlap in terms of customers who borrowed under the older product 
versus new product?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− That also may be there. Some overlapping will be there. Because, since we have 
stopped that funding under that, so they are forced to… if they are eligible for that, 
they may have to raise those loans in this product.  
− Mr. Manish Shukla – Participant: 
− Last question on this. Are you seeing lot of balance transfer on this product? Because 
your rates might be very competitive in terms of lending rates for the gold loan. 
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− No, I don't see that. But actually, almost out of 9500, 7,000 branches are lending this 
gold loan. We are very much established in South India and pan India also. If 
someone wants to raise the gold loan, they know that Canara Bank is a better 
option. Because gold loan generally anybody will raise only on emergencies. 
Otherwise, no household will be interested to raise the loan against gold. Their 
sentiments will be there in South India. Only in emergencies they raise it. When they 
come to the bank on emergencies, how fast the bank lends that money, that gives 
you comfort. There we have already streamlined the processes and we’ve 
established it. For all these things we don't do any separate campaigns and all. Walk-
in clients only will be there.  
− Mr. Manish Shukla – Participant: 

 
17 
 
− Okay. Last question, and sorry if you already answered it. What's the credit cost 
guidance for this year, FY25?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− See, actually we have given guidance of 1.10, and as against that, 0.97 we achieved. I 
think we will be below 1%.  
− Mr. Manish Shukla – Participant: 
− And does that assume any further provision on the government accounts?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− That's what. Wherever it is required, we are providing that additional. By taking that 
only this is, otherwise we would have been around 0.9%. Because we want to 
strengthen our balance sheet, we want to provide additionally to improve our 
provision coverage ratio, that's why I'm telling you that we will be below 1%.  
− Mr. Manish Shukla – Participant: 
− Understood, sir. Thank you. Those are my questions.  
− Moderator: 
− Thank you, sir. We have a next question from the line on Mr. Ashok Ajmera. Please 
go ahead. 
− Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
− Good evening, sir. Sorry for joining the meeting little late. I'm at the airport basically 
and I thought  I may not catch. But I'm fortunate to have got the line with you.  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Without hearing your question we will never close the investor's call, sir.  
− Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
− Sir, I just wanted to have your views on the corporate loan book. When there is the 
overall slowdown on the total credit side, and of course the deposit side also, what 
are your views on strengthening or increasing the corporate book? Are you getting 
some inquiries? And, are there some projects in the pipeline in the sanctions so that 
we can grow our overall credit book a little faster? 
− And secondly, you have always been of the view that you want to you are interested 
in direct lending and not through co-lending. That's been your stand in the past. Are 
you changing that stand and going for some co-lending tie-ups, so as to increase the 
book?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 

 
18 
 
− So first let me speak on the corporate credit growth, sir. Actually, corporate growth 
in actual terms, is happening at double digit only in all banks, and also in our bank. 
Because the cost of funds is very high, no bank wants to continue to lend at a 
cheaper rate which they’ve been lending for quite a long time. So, every bank is 
withdrawing that type of sanctions. So only when they are withdrawing that, it is not 
reflecting that, it is reflecting finally that slow growth is there. But actually, I didn't 
see any slow growth in demand or the disbursement in the corporate sector, sir. Sir, 
on an average, every quarter, 3% can be easily achievable. And we see that traction. 
Since the low yielding advances, every bank is cautious about their NIMs, every bank 
is cautious about their margins, they are not lending to this low-cost, low-yielding 
advances to institutes or central PSUs, whatever you call it. That's why it is looking 
like that. Otherwise, in private investment and all, we have seen that the tractions 
are there. Even in infrastructure good traction is there. Manufacturing sector, in 
certain infrastructure related manufacturing sectors, a good traction is there. Even in 
data centre creation, good traction is there. In our bank also, almost sanctioned but 
pending for disbursement is more than 20,000 crores. We’ve already as on date, 
from September 30th to now, we have grown more than absolute number of 5,000 
crores. That itself is reflecting that good demand is there on that.  
− The second one you have spoken on is the co-lending model. Since beginning, 
initially, we were very slow in the co-lending model because unless we have an end-
to-end digital platform, we don't want to lend on the co-lending, because we don't 
want to make it a mess by maintaining it manually. Now we are onboarded that co-
lending platform. We are one of the initial banks that have onboarded that excellent 
platform digitally. But only thing, we have almost tie up with 8 to 10 such NBFCs to 
co-lend. But the problem is, they expect us to dilute from our credit policy and 
match with their sanctioning policies, and we are not so keen to dilute our policy. If 
any NBFC comes forward and refers to any portfolio which matches with our existing 
credit policy underwriting standards, we don't mind to doing that. Otherwise, we 
want to confine ourselves to our policy. We don't want to deviate from our policy, 
sir. 
− Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
− What is the book size on that, sir?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Very miniscule, sir. It is only 320 crore.  
− Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
− Yeah, that's what I thought. But going forward you see some flip in that? 
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Again, the same thing I want to repeat, that we are ready with the platform, but the 
only thing is that we don't want to compromise on our underwriting standards. If any 
NBFC can match with that, we are ready to co-ordinate with them. 

 
19 
 
− Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
− My last question in this round is on the treasury side. With the indication of rates 
softening here in India also, what is the composition of our treasury book, and how 
ready we are to book some good profits in the AFS book? Though this will go to the 
reserve, but on the trading profit side also, how our treasury is performing and what 
is the view going forward in the remaining two quarters of FY25, sir?  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Our ED Mukerjee sir will reply to that.  
− Mr. Debashish Mukherjee - Executive Director, Canara Bank: 
− Actually, our HTM portfolio is around 80%. So, we have kept it at that. And our 
portfolio yield right now is 6.90%. We are maintaining that over the last two 
quarters. Now unlike other banks, we have not shred 5% of our HTM which we are 
entitled to. So, we will use that amount for our profits because yields are softening. 
So, over this quarter or the next, wherever we find opportune time, we will sell that. 
And then, we will maintain our treasury profits in the same line as it was in this 
quarter.  
− Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
− Okay, sir. Thank you very much, sir. Thank you for answering my questions. All the 
best to you and Happy New Year.  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Thank you, sir. Same to you.  
− Moderator: 
− We will take that as the last question. Thank you, Canara Bank for giving us this 
opportunity. We hand over the call to MD sir for his closing remarks. Over to you, sir.  
− Mr. Satyanarayana Raju - MD & CEO, Canara Bank: 
− Thank you, one and all, sir. Once again, I wish you a happy Dhanteras and Deepavali 
for all the investors and all the participants, sir. Thank you once again. 
 
− END OF TRANSCRIPT      
