       
                     
 
 
LTIM/SE/STAT/2024-25/82 
 
 
 
 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: LTIM 
The BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 540005 
 
Dear Sir(s)/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference call held on October 17, 2024 
 
 
With reference to the captioned subject, please find enclosed transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call held on October 17, 2024.  
 
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For LTIMindtree Limited 
 
 
 
Angna Arora 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
ANGNA 
ANISH 
ARORA
Digitally signed by 
ANGNA ANISH 
ARORA 
Date: 2024.10.22 
16:44:40 +05'30'

 
 
“LTIMindtree Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 17, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:   Mr. Debashis Chatterjee – Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
Mr. Sudhir Chaturvedi – President, Markets 
Mr. Nachiket Deshpande – Chief Operating Officer 
                          Mr. Vipul Chandra - Chief Financial Officer 
                          Mr. Vikas Jadhav – Head, Investor Relations  
 
 
 
 
 
 

LTIMindtree Limited                                                                                                    Q2FY25 Earnings Call 
                                                                                                                                            17th, October 2024 
 
Page 2 of 24 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the LTIMindtree Q2 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikas Jadhav, Head of Investor 
Relations, LTIMindtree. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vikas Jadhav: 
Thanks, good day, everyone, and welcome to LTIMindtree's Quarter 2 FY '25 
Earnings Call. Today on the call, we have with us  
Mr. Debashis Chatterjee, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director;  
Mr. Sudhir Chaturvedi, President, Global Markets;  
Mr. Nachiket Deshpande, Chief Operating Officer; and  
Mr. Vipul Chandra, our Chief Financial Officer. 
 
So, we'll begin with a brief overview of the company's quarter 2 FY '25 
performance, after which we will open the floor for Q&A. Just want to 
remind you that during the call, we could make certain forward-looking 
statements. These statements consider the environment as we see as of 
today and carry risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to 
differ materially from those expressed today in today's call. 
 
We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements made on 
this call. You can find these forward-looking statements in our earnings 
release also. 
 
With that, now I turn over the call to DC for his opening remarks. 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Thank you, Vikas. Good evening, and good morning to everyone on the call. 
Thank you for joining us today. I'm happy to report that Q2 was a good 
quarter marked by broad-based sequential growth we experienced across all 

LTIMindtree Limited                                                                                                    Q2FY25 Earnings Call 
                                                                                                                                            17th, October 2024 
 
Page 3 of 24 
 
our verticals and geos, and several multiyear deal closures in manufacturing, 
energy and utilities and BFS verticals. We consolidated our standing in an 
existing account through vendor consolidation and long-term revenue 
commitment, securing a US$200 million plus TCV over a 5-year period. Our 
large deal pipeline remains robust with several deals nearing final decisions. 
These positive trends are reflected in the strong hiring of over 2,500 
employees during this quarter. We also opened 22 new logos during the 
quarter. 
 
With that preamble, let me summarize the numbers. I am pleased to report 
a sequential growth of 2.8% in U.S. dollar terms against the backdrop of a 
largely status quo IT spend environment. Q2 revenue stood at US$1.13 
billion and was up by 4.4% in constant currency and 4.7% in dollar terms on 
a year-on-year basis. On the margin front, the EBIT margin for the quarter 
stood at 15.5%, an improvement of 50 basis points sequentially, and the net 
profit margin was at 13.3%. Q2 order inflow stood at TCV of US$1.3 billion. 
 
In a continued challenging macro environment, the need for a substantial 
shift in pivot towards AI is quite clear to us.  
To lead in this new AI influenced business environment, we did a complete 
LTIMindtree level pivot to an AI-first approach, which continues to drive our 
success amidst these disruptive times. 
 
I will today share with you our AI strategy, which is anchored in three core 
principles. 
“AI in everything”, ensuring we reimagine everything we do with AI, 
“Everything for AI”, creating a supportive ecosystem for all AI innovation to 
scale within the enterprise.  
And lastly, “AI for everyone”, democratizing AI for the benefit of all 
stakeholders. 
 
Let me elaborate further on these three components of our AI strategy. 
First, we will adopt AI ourselves and transform the way we work by infusing 
“AI in Everything” we do. For example, we are enhancing experiences with 

LTIMindtree Limited                                                                                                    Q2FY25 Earnings Call 
                                                                                                                                            17th, October 2024 
 
Page 4 of 24 
 
the help of Gen AI-augmented creatives and content; we are also running 
and optimizing campaign operations with AI powered tools. Our knowledge 
fabric-driven agent and Copilots-based IT operations, is helping unlock the 
next level of efficiency and productivity. We are leveraging AI for legacy 
modernization. For security operations, we are focusing on AI-driven threat 
detection and response. We are using Vision AI for industry 4.0 use cases, 
like defect detection in metals. We are reimagining platform operations with 
an AI first approach in areas such as underwriting, claims processing and 
customer service operations.  
We also recognize the challenges our customers are facing in scaling AI for 
the enterprise, which could be in the form of trust in data, cost of scaling, AI 
safety, adoption or human impact. To address these challenges, we 
collaborate with our customers to engineer platforms that enable AI at 
scale. This commitment forms our second principle, “Everything for AI”, 
which encompasses preparing data foundation and infrastructure for AI, 
building trust and observability, and implementing the right controls for 
Generative AI application. Just to illustrate the scale we have achieved in a 
short span, the LTIMindtree AI platform we launched earlier has been 
adopted in 40+ customer environments to achieve the same. 
 
The third principle of our AI strategy, “AI for everyone”, focuses on 
empowering people and humanizing AI. We aim to achieve this by  
Firstly, developing copilots and navigator apps tailored for every persona. 
 Next, creating AI solutions that are humane by incorporating the right 
guardrails, bias management and trust.  
And lastly, addressing use cases that leverage AI for the betterment of 
humanity and contribute to solving global challenges. 
 
We are already seeing positive outcomes from this strategy, both in terms of 
value delivered to our customers and the impact on our generative AI-based 
deals in pipeline.  

LTIMindtree Limited                                                                                                    Q2FY25 Earnings Call 
                                                                                                                                            17th, October 2024 
 
Page 5 of 24 
 
For example, for a financial services major, we have doubled the first-time 
resolution percentage for the contact center.  
Our “AI in Everything” strategy is driving success across our service line 
offerings and industry verticals, enabling us to win deals by leveraging 
Generative AI capabilities. Let me share with you some examples of AI-
powered wins for the quarter. 
 
A U.S. global manufacturing leader chose LTIMindtree as a preferred partner 
for its global application management and transformation services. We used 
our AI first NextGen operations framework to enhance efficiency, foster 
innovation and speed up transformation. This opportunity arose from 
vendor consolidation, where we became the sole partner for the customers 
from four existing vendors. This was the largest multiyear deal for 
LTIMindtree. 
 
A major global financial institution selected LTIMindtree to collaborate on 
modernizing their wealth data platform. We utilized advanced automation 
technologies along with Gen AI to improve customer experience and 
broaden the customers' global market reach. This was achieved by 
developing a new data taxonomy, adopting cloud technology for faster 
service delivery to clients and partners, modernizing mainframe and 
reducing operational costs. 
We have been selected by a leading U.S.-based energy utility company as its 
long-term strategic partner for end-to-end IT operations in the AI-first 
model.  
We have won an infrastructure transformation and managed services deal 
from an engineering major on the back of our AI-powered IT operation 
solutions. 
 
We are clear about the role of the ecosystem in this pivot. We are 
consistently launching AI solutions and offerings through our partner 
ecosystem, which not only amplifies our AI strategy but also acts as a 
powerful channel for growth.  

LTIMindtree Limited                                                                                                    Q2FY25 Earnings Call 
                                                                                                                                            17th, October 2024 
 
Page 6 of 24 
 
For instance, LTIMindtree and IBM have launched the IBM AI Innovation 
Center at Bangaluru's Hebbal campus. This center will develop top-tier 
solutions to speed up clients AI adoption. It will highlight advanced 
technologies and innovative AI, machine learning and data science solutions 
featuring IBM Watson.  
We are empowering our workforce by providing them with generative AI 
tools and training through our Edutech platform, Garuda. This platform 
offers tailored training pathways based on employee skill levels and 
technology backgrounds, featuring curated programs from both our internal 
service lines and partners. Currently, 63% of our workforce is trained and 
equipped with Gen AI capabilities. 
 
To summarize, our AI pivot and what it means for our business, we remain 
committed to investing in developing our AI intellectual properties as well as 
vertical and horizontal solutions. These investments are poised to deliver 
substantial results by fostering innovation, enhancing operational efficiency 
and driving a competitive advantage. 
 
Let me now spend some time on our industry verticals. Q2 growth was led 
by the BFSI vertical, which registered a sequential growth of 4%. Banks focus 
on cost cutting through restructuring, along with our strong relationship and 
execution track record have benefited us in gaining market share. We have a 
robust, large deal pipeline in this vertical with a few deals in the final stages. 
We are seeing more BFSI clients working towards getting data ready for AI. 
 
After a significant sequential growth of 7.9% in Q1 in the Technology, Media 
and Communications vertical, Q2 witnessed a further 1.9% sequential 
growth, with a year-on-year growth of 12%. While cost optimization 
continues to remain the dominant theme for both hardware and software 
vendors, there has been a focus on infusing AI and Gen AI in products to 
enhance customer experience. This is expected to scale up further as the 
market matures. 
The Manufacturing and Resources vertical witnessed a steady growth of 
0.7% on a sequential basis and 5.8% on a year-on-year basis. We see 
continued traction in ERP, while also gaining market share in vendor 

LTIMindtree Limited                                                                                                    Q2FY25 Earnings Call 
                                                                                                                                            17th, October 2024 
 
Page 7 of 24 
 
consolidation, leveraging our “AI in Everything” theme. As mentioned 
earlier, we closed a deal of over US$200 million in TCV in this vertical. 
 
Our Consumer business experienced sequential growth of 2.6%, aligning 
with the overall company performance. Growth in Q2 was driven primarily 
by the TTH and retail sectors. We are employing AI to enhance customer 
engagement and as an entry strategy for some of our smaller verticals.  
Following a 7.9% drop in the Q1 revenue, the Healthcare, Life sciences and 
Public sector vertical experienced a 5.9% sequential growth. 
 
In terms of geography, America, which contributes 75% of our revenue has 
grown by 7% on a year-on-year basis. Europe contributed 14.4%, and the 
Rest of the World contributed 10.6% of our revenue. 
 
On the people front, our headcount rose to over 84,000 at the end of the 
quarter as we added 2,500+ employees during the quarter. For the quarter, 
our LTM attrition remained stable at 14.5% compared to 14.4% last quarter. 
We onboarded 1,100-plus freshers this quarter. 
This quarter, we introduced an initiative called LTIM Rhythm, our vision of 
the future of workplace. LTIM Rhythm encapsulates our commitment to 
fostering a collaborative, flexible and dynamic workplace environment, that 
not only caters to the evolving needs of our clients, but also ensures the 
holistic development of our associates. This also helps us in implementing 
our strategy of “AI for Everyone”, which we articulated earlier. 
 
I will now turn over the call to Vipul for the financial highlights. 
Vipul Chandra: 
Thank you, DC, and good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining the 
call. Let me take you through the financial highlights for the second quarter 
of FY '25, starting with the revenue numbers.  
Our Q2 revenue stood at US$1.13 billion, a growth of 2.8% sequentially, and 
4.7% on a year-on-year basis in dollar terms. The corresponding constant 
currency growth was 2.3% quarter-on-quarter and 4.4% year-on-year. 

LTIMindtree Limited                                                                                                    Q2FY25 Earnings Call 
                                                                                                                                            17th, October 2024 
 
Page 8 of 24 
 
 
Our EBIT margin expanded by 50 basis points to 15.5% as compared with 
15% in the previous quarter majorly on account of absence of visa costs.  
Net forex gains for the quarter increased to US$9 million compared to 
US$1.6 million in the previous quarter.  
Leveraging our strong cash position alongside efficient investment 
management, we achieved an investment income of INR212 crores this 
quarter.  
The effective tax rate for the quarter was 25.8% as compared to 25.6% in 
Q1. 
 
PAT margin for the quarter was 13.3% as compared to 12.4% previous 
quarter. Reported PAT climbed to INR1,252 crores this quarter compared to 
INR1,135 crores in last quarter. Basic EPS was INR42.3 for the quarter as 
compared to INR38.3 in Q1 FY '25.  
Billed DSO increased to 60 days versus 55 days in Q1 '25, which is still a 
reduction of 8 days versus Q2 of the prior year. The unbilled DSO, however, 
reduced by 2 days. The total DSO was at 81 days compared to 78 days in the 
previous quarter. We continue to focus on our billing and collection 
efficiency to move towards our aspired target DSO of approximately 75 
days. 
 
The operating cash flow to PAT was 74.2% as against 109.9% in Q1. Free 
cash flow to PAT came in at 54.5% compared to 88.6% in Q1. The cash and 
investment balances stood at US$1.43 billion or total INR11,974 crores 
compared to INR11,334 crores in Q1 FY '25. Return on equity for the quarter 
was at 23.8%.  
As of September 30, 2024, our cash flow hedges stood at US$3,907 million, 
hedges on the balance sheet were US$326 million. 
Our Utilization, excluding trainees in the quarter was at 87.7% compared to 
88.3% last quarter. This is in line with our continued investment in our 
growth momentum. 

LTIMindtree Limited                                                                                                    Q2FY25 Earnings Call 
                                                                                                                                            17th, October 2024 
 
Page 9 of 24 
 
 
The Board of Directors have declared an interim dividend of INR20 per 
equity share.  
We're pleased to announce that LTIMindtree has attained a rank of 13 
across sectors and rank 5 in IT and communication sector, in Business World 
India's Most Sustainable Companies Top 50 listings for 2024.  
We're also looking to use our ESG capabilities to help our clients achieve 
their ESG goals. In line with this, LTIMindtree has launched a new 
comprehensive digital transformation and ESG platform, Smart Spaces 2.0, 
which can help with end-to-end ESG reporting across key factors while 
delivering predictive maintenance and repair input.  
These recognitions and actions serve as a testament to our proactive 
approach to integrating sustainable practices. 
 
I now hand it back to DC for the business outlook. 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Thank you, Vipul. Despite the challenging environment, our growth remains 
steady and in line with what we had indicated in the last quarter. We are 
cautiously optimistic about this momentum carrying forward into Q3. 
However, historically, Q3 experiences seasonal headwinds as well due to 
furloughs and fewer billing days, which could moderate this momentum to 
some extent. Additionally, wage hikes for all employees in Q3 are expected 
to put pressure on our margins.  
Nevertheless, our strategic shift towards AI has resulted in a robust buildup 
in our deal pipeline. With strong deal wins, sustained deal traction in our key 
verticals and significant hiring in Q2, including freshers, we are well 
positioned as we move into the latter half of the fiscal year. 
 
With that, let me now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-
answer session. The first question comes from the line of Sulabh Govila from 
Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

LTIMindtree Limited                                                                                                    Q2FY25 Earnings Call 
                                                                                                                                            17th, October 2024 
 
Page 10 of 24 
 
Sulabh Govila: 
The first question is around the deal pipeline. So just wanted some color 
around that. How has that grown? And what's the nature of the deals that 
you have? Are you witnessing more short cycle deals than you did in the last 
quarter? And is that reflecting into better ACV trends? 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Sudhir, do you want to take that? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Sure, DC. So, I think from a large deal momentum perspective, the pipeline 
continues to be strong. It has grown to over $5 billion right now from a large 
deal perspective. In terms of the demand trend that we're seeing, we're 
seeing significant traction in the BFSI vertical, as you can see in our growth 
numbers as well. And that vertical is also characterized by having demand, 
which is, I think short cycle perhaps the wrong term. What we are seeing is 
that we are actually doing both a combination of deals as well as being 
opening new logos as well as the new MSAs also that we mentioned last 
time in our call, where we spoke about how we are being chosen as a 
preferred supplier. 
 
So, the combination of factors that is now resulting in a pipeline that has a 
combination of large deals and being on the right side of vendor 
consolidation as well as demand from a slight increase in discretionary 
spend. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Understood. Secondly, I wanted to check what's leading to softness in the 
top 6 to 10 client bucket? The revenue in this bucket has gone down from 
$85 million a quarter to now $75 million, $76 million in the last 2, 3 quarters. 
So is there any client-specific issue here that you're facing? 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
I think it's fair to look at the top 40 clients, and we also don't tend to look at 
on a quarter-to-quarter basis, we rather look at an overall yearly basis. And I 
think from that perspective, we are doing fairly well. If I look at my top 5, 
top 10, top 20 and top 40 client segments, the concentration risk has slightly 
reduced. But at the same time, if I look at the top 40 clients, they are still 
grown this quarter sequentially. In fact, all the buckets, top 5, top 10, top 20, 
top 40, there is a sequential growth, which is good for us. So overall, I think 
the account mining is working, which is what our focus has been, and we are 
happy about it. 

LTIMindtree Limited                                                                                                    Q2FY25 Earnings Call 
                                                                                                                                            17th, October 2024 
 
Page 11 of 24 
 
Sulabh Govila: 
Understood. And the last question is on the margins for Vipul. What should 
be the impact of wage hike that we should be baking in 3Q? And what would 
be the offsetting factors that can help you negate the impact? 
Vipul Chandra: 
So in terms of our wage hike impact, you could take it maybe approximately 
200 basis points, which will be partly offset by our continued operational 
efficiencies, which we had started driving any which way, 2, 3 quarters back 
and which are continuing. Some of those operational efficiency drivers will 
continue to kind of offset and the growth that we are also looking for. So 
some of these things will partially offset the impact, but may not be the full 
impact. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan with Investec. 
Please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
So, you spoke about furlough. Are furloughs similar to what you have seen in 
the prior year? Is it better, is it worse? That's the first one. The second is 
what are the areas where you continue to see weakness in the market from 
a vertical perspective where you want to see some improvement? And 
finally, with regards to the large deals which you announced, that is the 
vendor consolidation with an existing client, if I'm right? And if that is the 
case, then in which vertical is this? And by when do you expect to start 
seeing ramp-up here? 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Yes. So, Nitin, let me just try to answer one by one. Your question on 
furloughs. We realized that last year, the furloughs were a little more than 
what we had anticipated. So, our expectation this year is that the furloughs 
will be back to the regular levels that we used to have. So, it is not going to 
be as high as it was last year. So that's on the furloughs. 
 
If you ask me about specific areas, if you look at the growth that we have, in 
fact, all the 5 segments that we report our revenues on, all the segments 
have grown. But I would have liked my Travel and Travel Tech (vertical) to 
do a little better because there are certain situations where some of our 
clients are dependent on specific issues, which we don't have much control. 
And that is one area where we are hoping that some improvement happens 
as we go along. 

LTIMindtree Limited                                                                                                    Q2FY25 Earnings Call 
                                                                                                                                            17th, October 2024 
 
Page 12 of 24 
 
 
And from your large deal perspective, the deal that we talked about, and I 
think we called out in our opening remarks as well, it is part of our 
manufacturing vertical. And it is a combination of both renewal as well as 
significant additional scope, almost you can say half, half. And that's how it 
is a $200 million plus deal. And the transitions have already started for this 
deal, so the deal will start ramping up in Q3. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
In which geography would that be? 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
It's in the U.S. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal with Nuvama Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Congrats DC on a solid quarter. Just two questions from my side. Firstly, on 
the BFSI vertical, very sharp recovery from what we saw especially in the last 
2 quarters of the last financial year. You also talked about some of the deals 
in BFSI, which are there in the pipeline and we should be able to close very 
soon. 
So just to look at the outlook in the sector, do you expect the growth 
momentum in this vertical to continue, especially after the interest rates 
also coming in? What are the specific areas in the BFSI that you're looking at 
in terms of higher expense, let's say, capital markets or insurance or which 
part of those businesses? Any color on all those aspects would be helpful. 
And then I'll have a follow-up question. 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Yes. Thanks, Vibhor. So, if I understood your question, let me just give you 
some color on BFSI. We are first of all, very pleased with the growth coming 
back in BFSI. But specifically, about the growth, it is primarily led by BFS. The 
growth is fairly broad-based across all the clients that we have. We have 
been winning these deals in two scenarios. One scenario is wherever we 
have been incumbent, and there is a vendor consolidation. It has worked 
out favorably for us. And also in a situation where we have not been 
present, it's a new logo for us. We have won that kind of deals as well. 

LTIMindtree Limited                                                                                                    Q2FY25 Earnings Call 
                                                                                                                                            17th, October 2024 
 
Page 13 of 24 
 
 
I must say that bulk of the wins that we have had in this BFSI has been 
mostly cost takeout and efficiency-oriented deals. Having said that, our 
strength in governance, regulatory and compliance also helped in terms of 
driving some of the spends in this area. And I can only say that the 
cautiousness that we had in terms of discretionary spend, that has not 
significantly changed. So, we still see not much of discretionary spend 
coming back. But as I articulated in whatever opportunities we are getting, 
there is a significant momentum that we have generated. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. So the discretionary spend, those remain on hold. That we have not 
seen any change from, let's say, the last quarter? 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Yes. I don't think there's much change in terms of discretionary spend. It is 
yet to come back. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. Now secondly, we see only high-tech vertical. Of course, we had 2 
quarters of very solid growth and this quarter was a bit soft. So any color on 
that given you spoke a lot about the Gen AI application that we are moving 
to the Canvas platform. So how is the spend in this vertical? Are the users of 
the hyperscalers also going to drive the growth in this vertical? And given 
that will our relationship with the top client that is also the high-tech vetical 
clients, will that also help us in this vertical, not just immediately, but let's 
say, over the next 3 to 4 quarters? 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Well, the thing is the Tech clients, both the Software as well as the 
Hardware vendors, I think they will always look at the new technologies like 
AI, Gen AI very aggressively. So the focus still remains significantly in terms 
of cost take out. And you must have also heard that quite a few clients, 
they're not necessarily just our clients, they have been also doing some 
layoffs. But as far as our portfolio is concerned, I don't think there is 
anything to be concerned about as of now because we still have a good 
growth coming from across the board in terms of high-tech clients. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. Just one last question, if I could just squeeze in. In the last call that we 
have mentioned that large part of our pipeline, we have not pivoted 
towards cost takeout deals. So is that pivot now bearing us fruits as you 
mentioned, of the BFSI deals for cost takeout deals? And do we intend to 

LTIMindtree Limited                                                                                                    Q2FY25 Earnings Call 
                                                                                                                                            17th, October 2024 
 
Page 14 of 24 
 
continue on that path? Or do you believe maybe in the next couple of 
quarters, we expect the discretionary spends to come back, and then there 
could be some mix and match of the deal pipeline there. 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
I think the most important pivot that we have done is for us to be ready to 
support Transformation as well as efficiency deals. I think that's the biggest 
pivot that we have done in the last several quarters. And at this point of 
time, we have closed quite a few cost takeout deals, and that is kind of 
driving the growth. Now when the discretionary will come back, it's very 
difficult to say. We'll probably get an idea when the clients are going to their 
budget session, which is not very far away. But of course, as we get to know, 
we can always share with you, but it's a little too early to predict in terms of 
what is coming, given the fact that it has been on a pause for quite some 
time. 
 
And I think what is most important for us is that, as I said, we can play on 
both the sides. We can play on the cost takeout side, we can play on the 
transformation side equally well. I think that's the biggest pivot that we have 
gone through. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manik Taneja with Axis Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
DC, just wanted to prod you with regards to the near-term outlook that 
you've suggested. If I understood correctly, you said, the momentum that 
we've seen in the first half or the first couple of quarters, there should be 
some moderation to that in the third quarter. And the second question was 
for Vipul. If you could help us with the quantum of wage hikes that we have 
implemented and are they implemented for the full quarter? Or unlike one 
of our group companies, is it a partial impact? And the last one related to 
margin, if you could talk about your thought process about the medium-
term improvement in margins that we were looking to achieve in a couple of 
years? 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Let me take the first question, and then I'll request Vipul to cover the other 
two. So Manik, as far as the H2 is concerned, we are cautiously optimistic 
about the momentum that we have generated. We have told in Q1 that the 

LTIMindtree Limited                                                                                                    Q2FY25 Earnings Call 
                                                                                                                                            17th, October 2024 
 
Page 15 of 24 
 
Q1 momentum will continue to Q2 that has happened. But at the same 
time, we are cautiously optimistic about this momentum carrying into Q3.  
Because historically, Q3 has the seasonal headwinds as well as furloughs and 
fewer billing days, which could moderate this momentum to some extent. 
But at the same time, the deals that we have closed in the last 2 quarters, 
they have ramped up and they continue to deliver growth. So, the 
momentum from that perspective will continue, but the furlough impact is 
still not known. So, we have to just wait and watch. Vipul? 
Vipul Chandra: 
So, and the other two questions which you asked, I think I mentioned that 
the impact of wage hike is going to be around 2% on our margin and it is a 
full quarter impact. As far as the margin improvement, your operational 
efficiency initiatives that I spoke about, largely is going to be driven by 
revenue growth and the pyramid correction that we are working on. 
 
And as you would have heard in the opening remarks from DC that we have 
added 2,500 plus headcount in this quarter, of which 1,100 plus are freshers. 
So, we are working towards getting that utilization rate down, which we 
have talked about in the last quarter. At the same time, we are also focused 
on correcting the pyramid as we go along. And some of those operating 
efficiencies will keep going on. 
Manik Taneja: 
If I can just chip in with one more question. While not having substantial 
increase over the course of recent quarters, we are once again beginning to 
see an increase in terms of on-site mix of headcount. Do you think we 
continue to see this increase further, given the nature of demand or you 
would be switching to extract some more efficiencies from a higher offshore 
mix? 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Let me request Nachiket to take that. Nachiket? 
Nachiket Deshpande: This is actually not a strategic lever that we look at from an improvement 
standpoint. It is actually a result of our business in specific deals. So, we 
don't expect that to vary a lot. Let's say there was a marginal increase in the 
on-site which was this quarter, there is a quarterly fluctuation. I wouldn't 
read too much into it. 

LTIMindtree Limited                                                                                                    Q2FY25 Earnings Call 
                                                                                                                                            17th, October 2024 
 
Page 16 of 24 
 
Manik Taneja: 
Okay. And is there any timeline now for that 17% to 18% EBIT margin that 
we wanted to achieve in a couple of years? 
Vipul Chandra: 
So again, as I mentioned in the last quarter as well, to get to that kind of a 
margin number, which we are aspiring for, the journey has gotten elongated 
mainly because of the external environment as well. Unless and until the 
industry starts seeing double-digit kind of growth again, it's difficult to kind 
of move on that journey in a fast manner. So right now, I think the focus has 
to be more on maintaining the margin and wait for the growth to come 
back. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala with IIFL 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Most of my questions have been answered. Just one basic understanding of 
the business as it stands now. Now when LTIMindtree were two different 
companies, LTI used to have a revenue trajectory wherein second half used 
to be better than first half in most of the years in a normal spending 
environment. Is it fair to say that as a combined entity now we are very 
similar to how some of our larger cap peers are wherein first half typically in 
a normal environment would end up being better than second half? 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Well, let me just take a stab at it. I mean, whatever you do, whatever you 
say, but it also depends on how clients spends are and how the overall 
macro looks like. So that's an experience that we had in the last fiscal. But at 
this point of time, as we see, the momentum that we have had in the first 
half and the deals that we have closed, ramp-up that has to happen, that 
momentum should continue, barring the uncertainties and the seasonality 
that we have in Q3. I think we should just leave it there and see how it plays 
out rather than trying to get ahead of ourselves. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Right. The other question is just in terms of the kind of yield we are 
generating on our investments and cash. It seems to be north of almost 8%. 
So just wanted to understand the nature of investments we are doing? 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Let me request Vipul to take that. 

LTIMindtree Limited                                                                                                    Q2FY25 Earnings Call 
                                                                                                                                            17th, October 2024 
 
Page 17 of 24 
 
Vipul Chandra: 
So in terms of the investments that we are doing, I think most of the 
investments are in mutual funds on the debt side, either money market or 
G-Sec and corporate bond portfolio in the mutual fund. The better 
investment efficiency that we have been talking about has been more 
proactively shifting the duration in line with the change in interest rate 
environment in the market, which has helped up generate or catch the 
interest rate move properly as it has happened in the market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
I have two questions on furloughs and let me ask them together. First, I just 
want to understand how to read furloughs? When you say furloughs this 
year would be a more normalized furloughs, does that mean that the 
pressure on budgets are easing and therefore, because furloughs generally 
coincide with budgeting cycle. So does that kind of suggest that budget next 
year could also be normal? 
That's question number one. And question two is some of your peers have 
said that furloughs this year would be similar to last year. But that could be 
because of difference in portfolio clients, etcetera. So, when we say it is 
more normalized, which areas or which vertical we are seeing furloughs 
normalizing? And is there any pockets where you see that furloughs could 
still be similar to last year? 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Okay. So, it's a little too early to predict about the budget cycle, etcetera, 
given the fact that in the U.S., elections are also on our way. So as far as 
budgets are concerned, budget for this year was already baked in and 
furloughs are normal. And what we had last year, again, furloughs are also 
reflective of the portfolio of clients that we had. So, from that perspective, 
we are going to be definitely better compared to last year in terms of the 
furloughs that we, better from a positive way from our perspective. 
 
So that's all I can say that last year was a little different, but we'll get back to 
a normal furlough year as far as this year is concerned. But difficult to talk 
about budget, with all the U.S. elections and all these things overhanging on 
us.  

LTIMindtree Limited                                                                                                    Q2FY25 Earnings Call 
                                                                                                                                            17th, October 2024 
 
Page 18 of 24 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Pathak with Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Pathak: 
So, on discretionary spend, our comments are, I think, slightly cautious as 
compared to the players who have reported so far. Just wondering like 
what's the divergence here? I mean, is it a portfolio mix? Or is it a more 
short-term election-led or furlough-led approach that's leading us to be 
slightly cautious? That's one. 
 
And the other bit is, of course, the growth this time has been fairly broad-
based. So is it fair to assume that whatever recovery that's happening on the 
client side is now finding more legs and it is becoming more widespread. 
And just if that is the case, how comfortable are we on the headcount? 
What's the comfortable level of utilization that we think we should operate 
at? And in case growth really comes back in earnest, how would we sort of 
look at the hiring strategy from hereon? 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
So, Abhishek, you asked quite a few questions. Let me see if I can remember 
an answer. First is when you talk about discretionary, let me just take a step 
back and explain to you how we will normally classify the programs and the 
projects that we do for our clients. One is the efficiency, longer-term cost 
takeouts. That's number one. Number two is when clients are investing in 
terms of building out new applications, which is like could be revenue facing 
applications, front-end applications, etcetera. 
That is pure discretionary spend. And I would say there is a third category, 
which is clients also have to deal with a lot of regulatory stuff, like 
governance, regulatory compliance stuff from time to time, which is not 
exactly a maintenance, but they need to still spend money to get those 
things out of their way. 
 
Now I don't know as far as we are concerned, we try to identify our 
programs in these three categories. But for some, maybe the regulatory and 
the discretionary could be the same thing. So we don't know how people 
classify. But as far as we are concerned, we definitely have been seeing a lot 
of traction in the cost takeout. We have been seeing a lot of traction in 
terms of governance, regulatory, compliance wherever we work with our 

LTIMindtree Limited                                                                                                    Q2FY25 Earnings Call 
                                                                                                                                            17th, October 2024 
 
Page 19 of 24 
 
BFS clients. On the discretionary when clients are trying to build new 
applications, I think it has been kind of on a pause for the last more than 5, 6 
quarters. 
 
And I think once the U.S. elections are over, probably there will be some 
initiative from the clients in terms of looking at discretionary. But as of now, 
it is fair to say that except for AI-related investment, which clients are doing, 
where we are participating with them, I don't think there is any other area 
where clients are spending on discretionary. So that's the first part of your 
question. I think what was the second question? 
Abhishek Pathak: 
Just a bit around hiring and if the growth recovery is more broad-based, 
what's the comfortable level of utilization? And how do we hire from here? 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
So I think this quarter is a very good quarter for us because we are able to 
report a broad-based growth. And all the segments that we report on every 
segment has grown, which is a very good news and which is a very positive 
sign. But of course, we will expect that the growth continue to be broad-
based. So, from your perspective, from our perspective of utilization, we 
definitely -- we have always called out that we are operating at a utilization 
which is probably slightly higher than what we would like. 
 
Our target utilization range will be something around 85%, that will be ideal. 
And one of the reasons why we were operating for the last several quarters 
at a slightly higher utilization is also to ensure that we get the benefit of the 
two organizations coming together, utilizing the bench from two 
organizations so that we kind of reduce the bench and make best use of it. 
 
So there was a specific design why we could operate at a higher utilization. 
But obviously, as the growth comes back, we will aim to be at 85% utilization 
and which will also kind of mean that there will be a headcount addition 
accordingly. We always try to add the headcount based on the business 
scenario. I think you can do the math, and you can see that there will be 
headcount addition from this point as we go along. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain with Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

LTIMindtree Limited                                                                                                    Q2FY25 Earnings Call 
                                                                                                                                            17th, October 2024 
 
Page 20 of 24 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Yes. It would be great if you could give some color both quantitative and 
qualitatively on the deal signing during the quarter. 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
We don't really talk in too much of detail, but Sudhir do you want to give 
some color? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Yes. We reported an order intake of $1.3 billion. I mentioned the overall 
large deal pipeline also of $5 billion. And being on the right side of vendor 
consolidation deals. The deal momentum continues to be good across. So 
pipeline is also strong and healthy across the board. And so I think in terms 
of the verticals that we are winning deals, again you can see it's a 
combination of BFS as well as manufacturing leading the deal win cycle, but 
we're also seeing opportunities across all our verticals in terms of the large 
deal activity that we see. 
Rahul Jain: 
And just one bit on the consumer side of the business, if you could give any 
color how we plan to revive growth prospect here. Again, the deal win does 
not feature this space? So anything more input here would be helpful. 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Yes. And I think this will be. Sorry. 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
We already mentioned that there is some softness that we are seeing in a 
couple of our travel clients and our Travel Tech clients. I think that's when I 
talked about the pipeline, the pipeline is across all verticals, including the 
consumer business. So we expect as we enter the new calendar year, I think 
things will start to improve there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aayush with B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Aayush: 
So, a couple of questions. So first is again on the consumer business. So just 
wanted to understand more that when we said that some of the clients are 
having some issues in the TTH vertical. So, when are we expecting those 
client issues to get resolved? Or are there any kind of green shoots to be 
available that we are seeing and the growth from the next quarter or maybe 
like in the next-to-next quarter? 

LTIMindtree Limited                                                                                                    Q2FY25 Earnings Call 
                                                                                                                                            17th, October 2024 
 
Page 21 of 24 
 
 
The second question is for on the margin front. So if I see that our SG&A cost 
has been trending upwards, not that much, but yes, definitely quarter-on-
quarter basis, if we see 12.5% becomes 12.7% and then 12.8% as a 
percentage of revenue. So what sort of comfortable range are we having 
that can subsidize the SG&A expense? And are we like investing in towards 
hiring the salespeople to chase to large deals or some kind of investments 
are we doing there? 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
So, on the first question that you asked, since you are asking for something 
very specific, let me tell you that the Travel and Travel Tech clients that are 
part of our portfolio, they are also dependent on specific airline 
manufacturer, which is the Boeing in terms of delivery. I think that is 
something which is a well-known fact that there has been severe issues, and 
I think they have been forced to scale back in terms of their spend and 
which is impacting us. I always say that what happens to us is a reflection of 
not only just the industry, but the section of clients we have as a part of our 
portfolio, and that's going through. Hopefully, there should be some 
turnaround, but I don't think it's easy to say at what point of time things will 
change. 
 
And as far as the other thing within the consumer portfolio there is the real 
estate portfolio and ever since the interest rates have been very high, there 
has been impact. But as the interest rates and the mortgage rate come 
down, I think hopefully, there should be more opportunities in terms of 
spend with those clients. I think that will be my way of looking at the 
consumer business. I'll request Vipul to answer your other question. 
Vipul Chandra: 
So, I think the other question was on the SG&A cost going higher in this 
quarter and whether we are comfortable with this increase, and it will come 
back. 
 
So answer to that is that we have had some seasonal events, sales event, 
which come up in this quarter, either in Q1 or Q2. And that's the reason for 
this increase in Q2 versus Q1. Minus the sales event, if you look at the 
SG&A, then it would have been probably a bit lower. So, our operating 
efficiency steps include steps on controlling the SG&A costs as well. 

LTIMindtree Limited                                                                                                    Q2FY25 Earnings Call 
                                                                                                                                            17th, October 2024 
 
Page 22 of 24 
 
Aayush: 
Just a follow-up for Sudhir, if you can just explain because we are having a 
bit more exposure to the SAP. So, what sort of traction are we eyeing for the 
SAP because we are hiring on the SAP front and what is the kind of demand 
are we seeing on that front? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Sorry, I didn't quite catch that question, please. Could you just repeat it 
again? 
Aayush: 
So, I just want to understand more about from the SAP angle, like how are 
we eyeing the demand traction from the SAP and the hiring front, 
specifically for the SAP capabilities? 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Are you referring to SAP? 
Aayush: 
Yes, yes. 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Okay. Yes, from an SAP perspective, we know that there has been an 
increase in demand because of the S/4HANA implementations that our 
clients are doing. Again, we're working on several implementations right 
now. We are a top-tier partner of SAP. So for us, the ERP segment, which is 
what we call our core service line offering is continuing to grow well. And 
there is good traction in that market. Again, some of that is reflective in the 
growth and the deal signings that we are seeing in the manufacturing 
vertical specifically. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Girish Pai with BOB Capital Markets. 
Please go ahead. 
Girish Pai: 
I have three questions. Did I hear it right that the wage impact will be about 
300 basis points? That's question number one. Second, would the average 
resource cost for a Gen AI skill infused IT service organization be higher? 
And the third is with regard to mainframe modernization, especially in the 
BFS space, there's been a lot of talk of Gen AI changing the picture there. 
Are you seeing anything changing on the ground on this particular aspect? 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
So, let me request Vipul to take the first question and then... 

LTIMindtree Limited                                                                                                    Q2FY25 Earnings Call 
                                                                                                                                            17th, October 2024 
 
Page 23 of 24 
 
Vipul Chandra: 
On the first question, I think what I had said was 200 basis points, not 300. 
So, I think that's a simple answer. 
Nachiket Deshpande: And when it comes to the Gen AI skill set, it will be across the spectrum. So if 
you talk about key talent, which can build algorithms, platforms and models 
that talent would be an expensive talent because it's a very niche and very 
in-demand capabilities. But if you look at the large part of our talent pool 
that will need knowledge of using Gen AI in improving their significant 
productivity. And that's where I think we are focusing on building that talent 
ground up, cross-skilling and upskilling all of our talent to be able to leverage 
Gen AI capabilities. 
 
Of course, there are some additional skill sets that we would require as well 
as around data tagging, around content moderations and a lot of these skills 
that are needed in order to fine tune and train the models. That's a very 
different skill set than what we traditionally had. And will also come at a 
very different price point and a different background as well. So, we need to 
look at it. It's not one thing that will define, but there will be continuum of 
those skill set with the Gen AI. 
 
And the other part is mainframe modernization. DC already referred to one 
deal in his prepared remarks which included in BFSI segment which had a 
significant mainframe modernization component in it. And we are seeing a 
good traction around mainframe modernization, especially driven by Gen AI 
team, which can significantly cut the lead time and the cost required to 
modernizing all those applications. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we take the last question from the line of Manik 
Taneja from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
I actually wanted to take your thoughts around GCC activity that we are 
seeing, including with some of our larger hospitality clients recently. So, 
would be great to get your perspective as to how you think this plays out for 
our business over the medium term? 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Well, Manik, GCCs are not something that is happening today. It has been 
there for several years. And we, as a company, have been very clear that we 

LTIMindtree Limited                                                                                                    Q2FY25 Earnings Call 
                                                                                                                                            17th, October 2024 
 
Page 24 of 24 
 
have to work with the GCCs and coexist with the GCCs, because if you look 
at the strategies of the GCC, they also have a very clear view in terms of 
identifying areas where they work with partners. 
So, we are working with many of our clients who also have GCCs working 
with them with the U.S. teams as well as with the GCC. So that will continue. 
So, I don't think there is anything specific that we need to worry about. We 
just need to continue what we have been doing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer 
session. On behalf of LTIMindtree, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
Safe Harbour 
Certain statements in this release concerning the future prospects are forward-looking statements. 
These statements, by their nature, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results 
to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. The Company assumes no obligation to 
revise or update any forward-looking statements that may be made from time to time by or on 
behalf of the Company. 
