 
 
 
 
 
 
December 24, 2024 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
ISIN No. INE526E01018 
 
Company Symbol: SHRIPISTON 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the “Update on Acquisition of TGPEL Precision Engineering Limited by SPRL 
through SPR Engenious Limited (WOS)” - Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI 
Listing Regulations") 
 
Dear Madam/Sir, 
With reference to the captioned matter and in furtherance to our earlier intimation letters  
dated December 13, 2024 and December 18, 2024, regarding the schedule and Audio 
Recordings of the “Update on Acquisition of TGPEL Precision Engineering Limited by SPRL 
through SPR Engenious Limited (WOS)” of Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited (SPRL/ Company) and 
in compliance with Regulation 30(6) read with Schedule III and other applicable provisions of 
the SEBI Listing Regulations, please find enclosed the transcripts of the “Update on Acquisition of 
TGPEL Precision Engineering Limited by SPRL through SPR Engenious Limited (WOS)”, held on 
Wednesday, December 18, 2024 at 4:00 p.m. (IST). 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company and can be accessed 
at https://shrirampistons.com. 
Kindly take the above information on record and treat this as compliance with SEBI Listing 
Regulations. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited 
 
 
(Pankaj Gupta) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ICSI M. No.: F4647 
PANKAJ 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
PANKAJ GUPTA 
Date: 2024.12.24 
14:54:20 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Update on Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited 
 Acquisition of TGPEL Precision Engineering Limited” 
 
December 18, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KRISHNAKUMAR SRINIVASAN – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MR. PREM RATHI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. PANKAJ GUPTA – DEPUTY EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
HEAD LEGAL AND COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
December 18, 2024 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the update call for SPRL's acquisition of 
TGPEL Precision Engineering Limited hosted by Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Krishnakumar Srinivasan from Shriram Pistons & Rings 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, thank you, Ryan. I hope you can all hear me well. A very good evening to everybody. On 
behalf of Shriram Pistons & Rings, I welcome you all to this Investor Call to update you on the 
proposed acquisition of TGPEL Precision Engineering Limited by Shriram Pistons & Rings 
through its wholly owned subsidiary. We had intimated the Stock Exchange with the necessary 
disclosures as well as the press release on the 10th of December. However, we felt that we should 
also give an update to you all via this call. 
 
So, thank you all for attending the same. Let me begin.  
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited through its wholly owned subsidiary, SPR Engenious Limited, 
has entered into a definitive agreement for the acquisition of 100% shareholding in TGPEL 
Precision Engineering Limited, which is engaged in the manufacturing of high precision 
injection moulds and injection moulded components. 
 
TGPEL Precision Engineering Limited, formerly known as Timex Group Precision Engineering 
Limited, is a leading player in the field of precision mould making and injection moulded parts, 
particularly known for its diverse product offerings in the automotive industry. Additionally, 
TGPEL Precision Engineering Limited has a presence in the electrical, consumer goods, and 
medical sectors, and its markets also extend beyond our domestic borders. 
 
Established in 2008, TGPEL Precision Engineering Limited boasts two state-of-the-art 
manufacturing facilities in Noida, Uttar Pradesh, that are outfitted with advanced capabilities for 
the design, development, and production of high-tech precision moulds, as well as in-house 
tooling and the manufacture of intricate injection moulding parts. 
 
TGPEL Precision Engineering Limited primarily supplies injection moulded parts, products, and 
moulds to OEMs and other automotive companies. Its diverse product range includes many 
precision automotive components like speaker grills, air vents, flange covers, manifolds, 
bobbins, door handles, EV fuse box covers, CRB housings, clamps, connectors, and also many 
non-automotive components like the electrical terminal blocks, the MCB parts, the plastic gears, 
canister brackets, and small medical devices. Some of the clientele of TGPEL includes Denso, 
Asahi India Glass Limited, Continental, Motherson, Havells, Dabur, Kohler, Gillette, Schaeffler, 
Nidec, and many more. 
 
TGPEL has shown a positive financial trajectory with revenues climbing to INR 1,183 million 
in FY '24, up from INR726 million in FY '21, growing at a CAGR of 18% between FY '21 to 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
December 18, 2024 
Page 3 of 14 
 
'24. Along with that, EBITDA margins have been ranging from 23% to 26% during this period. 
It has not only reflected a strong growth in the top line, but also in the profitability. 
 
TGPEL Limited, with its healthy profitability matrix, has demonstrated strong capabilities and 
operational efficiencies on a day-to-day basis. The acquisition of TGPEL is extremely strategic 
to us, not only from a point of view of diversification into non-ICE components, but also into 
areas beyond automotive, with light-weighting as a concept across various industries. TGPEL's 
robust financials are expected to contribute significantly to the overall consolidated financial 
strength of Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited. 
 
Let me quickly talk you through the transaction.  
 SPR Engenious Limited will acquire a 100% shareholding in TGPEL at an enterprise value of 
INR2,200 million on a debt-free, cash-free basis, with adjustments of debt and debt-like items 
to be considered as on the date of the closing. The transaction is expected to be completed by 
31st December 2024, subject to satisfactory completion of all the conditions precedent. 
 
SPR Engenious Limited will acquire 30% shares from Asahi India Glass Limited (listed 
company), 30% from Padmini VNA Mechatronics Limited, and 40% from three other private 
investors. There are totally five investors in this company and SPR Engineers will acquire 100% 
of the shares from these five investors at the above enterprise value. 
 
The proposed acquisition is part of Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited’s overall long-term strategy 
to invest, diversify, and grow its product portfolio in the areas agnostic to ICE powertrain, 
thereby cementing its leadership position in the automotive sector. This deal will mark one more 
step towards Shriram Pistons & Rings’ focus to consolidate and strengthen its position into the 
manufacturing of high precision injection moulded components. 
 
Leveraging TGPEL's cutting-edge mould development capabilities and its infrastructure for 
producing high-precision injection moulded parts, we are well positioned to meet the needs of 
both local and international clients seeking meticulously crafted moulded components for 
automotive and other industrial applications, including medical. Integrating Shriram Pistons & 
Rings’ robust manufacturing engineering prowess with its extensive customer network presents 
numerous opportunities for synergies. 
 
This acquisition is poised to reinforce SPRL's footprint in the specialised area of high-precision 
plastic injection moulded area, as well as the overall weight reduction strategy, along with its 
previous acquisition of SPR Takahata. 
 
This acquisition aligns with SPRL's strategic emphasis on broadening its footprint in the Non-
ICE product segment and thereby creating long-term value for its stakeholders by being 
accretive to our EPS right from the first day.  
 So, I am sure you will find this quite interesting and I now request the moderator to open the 
floor for any questions that you may have. Thank you. 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
December 18, 2024 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Akshay Sam from Sam Capital. Please go ahead. 
Akshay Sam: 
Sir, firstly, congrats on the acquisition. It is heartening to see very high margins of TGPEL. I 
had a few questions. Can you just tell us about what are the synergies you will have with another 
acquisition you did, Takahata, last year? And also, since we have seen very high margins for 
this company in particular, I wanted to in particular know why are margins for Takahata very 
low, despite them being around for 15 years already in India? Is it because of low capacity 
utilization or there are some other factors or the margins will eventually catch up with TGPEL? 
That is my first question. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. So, Sam, let me answer the first part of the question. First and foremost, as far as the 
synergies are concerned, we see a lot of synergies in the sense that we bring the depth in terms 
of the reach with all the customers, all the OE customers as well as the Tier-1s, and because of 
that reach, we are in a better position to really help TGPEL also and also the Takahata team get 
more business. We have already started doing that in Takahata. And so, we see that basically 
with the product range that presently TGPEL is able to cater to the industry and as well as 
Takahata, you will find that as far as the precision injection moulded components are there, most 
of the OEMs, since it requires for a very heavy amount of moulding cost to be put on the moulded 
parts, we find that most of the customers normally have only one supply for one part. So in terms 
of the product overlap, there is almost zero overlap. That is a good part between TGPEL and 
between Takahata. 
 
Now, as far as the customer overlap is concerned, there are some customer overlaps, but that is 
not too much. And we really found this acquisition leading us to a very good kind of a situation 
with regards to finding the synergies as well as seeing this whole acquisition being very 
complementary in terms of its overall positioning, both on the top line as well as the bottom line.  
 
So having said that, I would say that with regards to the margins, I would like to clarify that first 
and foremost, the margins of Takahata are not very low. So, you might have seen in the last two 
quarters, we have already shown the margins in our consolidated statements, that margins are in 
the high 20s and we are very hopeful that the margins of Takahata and margins of TGPEL will 
really help us to get a fantastic and a very accretive EBITDA business for SPRL on the whole. 
Akshay Sam: 
Sure, sir. So, my second question is regarding further acquisitions if you have planned in the 
pipeline. Obviously, you have said in the past that all of you are very active and looking out like 
a hawk for more potential investments. 
 
Can I know, is the strategy of the companies to like get into more use case applications since 
automotive industry is generally very cyclical? For example, if I may name a peer of yours, 
similar to what tube investment is doing, because there's so much potential for India's 
manufacturing sector in general. So looking at just say automotive with a narrow lens may not 
be the best strategy for future if we want to build more like an industrial hub in India. 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
December 18, 2024 
Page 5 of 14 
 
 
So in terms of just diversifying your use case applications, what is the strategy of management 
so that we are not just look from the lens of automotive in general and look more like an 
industrial company? Thanks. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. So first and foremost, let me clarify. While I agree that the automotive industry is fairly 
cyclical, but at the same time, with the penetration of newer models and newer areas, especially 
the EVs, I think overall if the company really does strategic investments, it will continue to have 
a continuous growth path. So I don't see any reason why that should not be achieved. It's a 
question of how we are able to leverage our strengths in the areas of automotive. That's point 
number one. 
 
Point number two is as far as these two acquisitions are concerned, both Takahata and this, you 
might have seen that they have exposures in the market as far as market is concerned to areas 
beyond automotive. And on an average, both the companies are doing quite well in industrial 
sectors as well as medical sectors and other areas. So as a result, we feel that our exposure into 
these areas are slowly improving and increasing. 
 
But it's coming more from the acquisition and I don't think we have a very clear, let me put it 
this way, a very strategic intent to go into areas other than automotive. Our focus, our strengths 
are in the automotive and will continue to be in the automotive as a dominant player. But at the 
same time, we will also explore other areas in industrial as well as medical and other areas so 
that we slowly de-risk the overall business model. 
 
We have already done that with both the companies put together. We'll have a sizable turnover 
as far as the plastic injection moulded components are concerned. And we'll have both on the 
top line and bottom line a fairly good presence from the plastics side. 
 
So fundamentally, if you really understand the overall strategy of the company is more to ensure 
that we are able to keep the lead and the position that we have in automotive and then leverage 
it to be able to focus into other areas of automotive that also very niche areas. We just don't want 
to just put money into very normal items which will not give us the required margins because 
our focus has always been on margins. And we are trying to see that whatever we do is EBITDA 
accretive to us. 
 
So that is the way that we are focusing. And going forward, to answer your first part of the 
second question, whether we are looking for other acquisitions, yes, you're right. Though we are 
looking like a hawk, but we are looking at like a hawk in a very closed zone to ensure that we 
zero-in on the right companies. 
 
Which will be able to give us the both the top line and the bottom line, rather than just throwing 
money into very, let me put it this way, irresponsible acquisitions. 
Akshay Sam: 
Thank you so much. I'll get back in the queue. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Thank you so much. 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
December 18, 2024 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Gourab Paul, from Techsellence Financial 
Research. Please go ahead. 
Gourab Paul: 
Good afternoon, sir. So, my first question is a bit technical. So, what is the sort of the lead time 
or the product development cycle for a precision mould? Could you kind of explain me? And 
the second part is that last call you had mentioned that the TAM for Takahata is around, I think, 
INR 3,000 to INR 4,000 crores in domestic market. So, with the addition of TGPEL, how big 
will this, I mean, how big the market becomes? And where do you see this entire plastic business 
in, say, three to five years of time? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: See, basically, let me answer the second question first, to makes it easier for you to understand. 
The TAM, the total addressable market for Takahata, from a precision injection moulded parts 
standpoint, what I stated at that point in time was more limited to all the current scale of the 
industry as far as automotive is concerned. Now, if you really scale it up to areas beyond 
automotive, let us say, the medical industry and industrial components, there again, the precision 
component industry is quite big. 
 
And then the TAM continuously keeps on increasing. Our focus between the two companies put 
together would always remain to have at least anywhere between 20% to 30% of the market 
being addressed beyond automotive, and at least 70% of the market being addressed by 
automotive to retain our margins as well as retain our lead positions that we have with the 
synergies that we can bring on the table. So, strategically, it will always be a combination of all 
this factors to enable us to not only maintain our positions, but also grow the business across 
both the companies. 
Now, both the companies put together will have a sizable market share as we go along with this, 
and precision injection moulded parts always requires a lot of technology. And we have to keep 
upgrading our technologies also continuously. And that's where our partner Takahata has really 
been able to do that across various segments of the industry. So, we are very confident that our 
overall strategy is very well falling into place, and it will really help us to scale this business 
quite heavily. 
Gourab Paul: 
Understood. So, I generally wanted to understand, say, for example, an OEM comes with an RFI 
or an RFQ for a precision mould, not an OEM, sorry, a Tier 1 or Tier 2. How much time does it 
take to…? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, so I'm coming to the first part of your question, especially the lead time required for any 
new development. Now, this again depends on size to size. If you go on to the TGPEL's website, 
you will see all kinds of components that they make. They make right from small connectors 
right up to big fuse boxes and various precision components. So, sometimes the lead time could 
be as low as anywhere between three months, between 8 to 12 weeks, or in some cases even as 
high as eight months, if wherever it requires a huge amount of validation. 
Now, for many of the automotive components, we have to also do a lot of validation. But there 
are components which can go only through the PPAP route, and then that doesn't really require 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
December 18, 2024 
Page 7 of 14 
 
a very huge validation. So, we have multiple combinations, which work on this side, and it's 
very difficult to pinpoint, say, that takes minimum this time. 
Rather, it is better to say that the growth that you see on a yearly basis is a clear indicator in 
terms of how they are able to convert their new enquiries into business. On an average, they 
have been achieving a CAGR of around 18%. And that's a very fairly good growth that we see 
on a year-to-year basis. And that's been one of the major reasons why we said that we should 
invest in this company. 
Gourab Paul: 
I had a question on the aftermarket side. Will this call be appropriate for that question, or maybe 
I'll take up in the earnings call? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No, the aftermarket, as far as this particular product is concerned, is certainly there. But most of 
this aftermarket gets serviced by the OEMs directly, because there's been a precision component 
goes inside most of the assemblies. And the assemblies either are addressed by the tier ones or 
by the OEMs. 
 
So, we don't aftermarket for these parts, that is the plastic injection moulded parts and the 
precision plastic, we don't expect to have a separate line of aftermarket, because we have to 
service it through the tier ones. But at the same time, at any given point in time, if we find that 
there is a good possibility for us to enter the market with the excellent network of aftermarket 
that we have across the country, I think it is not going to be a very tough task. 
Gourab Paul: 
Thank you for the answer. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Thanks a lot, Gourab. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vikram Rawat from East Lane Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Vikram Rawat: 
Hi, sir. Good evening. Sir, my question is given these two acquisitions, how should we look for 
the scaling up of this plastic injection moulding business? And second is on the interior side, 
what kind of capacity utilization level are we running at? And current capacity, basically, how 
much potential revenue can we reach from the existing asset base? And is there any plan for the 
scaling up like a capex we are doing in the Takahata? Is there any further capex plans for this 
business? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. Good question, Vikram. And let me answer this. This market, as far as precision injection 
moulded parts are concerned, is a growing market. Now, the reason why it's a very growing 
market is because people have realized that you can leverage a lot of possibilities by using plastic 
injection moulded parts as compared to a mechanical part or a steel part, and thereby get almost 
the same strength and get the output that is required. So, that's why people have started 
applicating this into a number of areas in the vehicle also, because that helps them in the overall 
light weighting concept that they have for the vehicle. 
As a result, you'll see that these companies have been growing at this rate. 18% CAGR is really 
a very good growth rate that they have been able to achieve over the last five years. Then there 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
December 18, 2024 
Page 8 of 14 
 
is no reason why we should not look at applying the same kind of growth rates in the future 
years. And both the companies together should be able to give us that kind of business growth 
that we are looking for.  
And going from a capacity utilization standpoint, while we don't normally give these numbers 
directly, but I can only say injection moulding, if you see as a business, normally we put the 
machines with a certain moulding capacity, let's say a 350 ton machine if we put, normally the 
capacity is quite good and it requires a good amount of orders to really fill up that capacity. 
And between the two companies put together, we have I think over 250 to 300 machines. And 
as a result, we have fantastic flexibility that we can bring in, in terms of capacity and also be 
able to work out strategies with regards to high volume lines and low volume lines and be able 
to mix and match a lot of possibilities for the end markets.  
So as a result, I feel that there are a lot of possibilities that then comes along this way, because 
we have a fairly good mix of machines available, thereby catering to bigger segments of the 
market. 
Vikram Rawat: 
Thank you, sir. That's it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Mitul Shah from DAM Capital Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Mitul Shah: 
Yes, sir. Congratulations and thank you for the opportunity. Sir, two questions. In this 
acquisitions, out of overall revenue, how much would be roughly from the moulds and how 
much would be from the mouldings? And would that be entirely injection moulding or would 
the moulds include the injection mould as well as blow mould and all? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Okay. Yes. So, Mitul, thanks for the question. You know, first and foremost, as far as precision 
injection moulding, I keep saying this that, the area that we are trying to attack is only precision 
injection moulding, because that's where we are able to get the technology. We need a lot of 
technology with regards to vacuuming, with regards to insert moulding, with regards to 
temperature stability and a lot of other things, because that way then we can give very thin 
sections and be able to reduce the weight of the components. 
 
And that is fundamentally the technology that goes behind this. And in this, there is absolutely 
no blow moulding, because blow moulding and all are very low technology items and very 
beaten up on costs and prices. 
Whereas, where the technology is involved, it’s a very high precision component and there is a 
huge amount of technology as well as a huge amount of efforts that needs to be put up to 
manufacture the moulds. So, in almost all the cases, when we make the moulds, while the moulds 
are owned by the tier-1s or the OEMs, the moulds are made for the respective, part that we have, 
that we get awarded from the business. 
So, in very rare cases, the customer gives the mould and we have to give the moulded parts. In 
90% of cases, we have to make our own moulds for the parts that we get awarded in terms of 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
December 18, 2024 
Page 9 of 14 
 
the business. And we have to design the moulds to suit the technology that is required to achieve 
the end result. The end results are the ones which I said, in terms of low thickness, 1 mm, 0.5 
mm thickness and all that to maintain stability. 
So, most of the moulds that you will see is, has to be manufactured for the products that we 
make. There are also a stream of business that we do, where in both the companies, Takahata as 
well as this, where we do the moulds for specific to customer applications, we give it to the 
customer, customer does the moulding himself. So, that, those cases are also there. 
So, so it's a good mix and match. But overall, as a percentage of the business, the mould business 
will be fairly, let me put it this way, anywhere ranging between 15% to 20%. 
Mitul Shah: 
So, about 80% is mouldings, right? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Moulded parts. 
Mitul Shah: 
Moulded parts, correct. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: But even moulds that we make, maybe for the moulded parts, for the same moulded parts, but 
retained by us, but manufactured for the customer. 
Mitul Shah: 
And just follow up on this, in terms of margin, generally mould making margins are much higher 
than the moulding, right? So, what would be a difference roughly in terms of the percentage? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: We don't, we don't normally categorize that way, because when we make the moulds for the 
parts that we make, so we focus on the part cost, so, and the mould is owned by the customer. 
So, it's not that on the margins on the moulds is bigger than the margins on this thing. So, it's a 
mix and match kind of a situation. 
Mitul Shah: 
Lastly, on, again, moulds, how much would be the captive consumed moulds out of that 20% 
revenue? How much is the third party for which moulds are manufactured? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: That again varies from year-to-year, it will vary. So, you can't fix it up to a certain number, 
because it depends on the kind of business that we get. And we don't do a normal run of the mill 
kind of a mould, because there are many inquiries for that. But we don't do all that, because our 
capacities are limited. And we want to focus on very specific areas where we can bring 
technology. 
And so, that way, we can't exactly pinpoint and say that this will remain like this in the future 
also. So, I don't think that number will make any much relevance. 
Mitul Shah: 
Okay, sir. And so, on the utilization, how much is and how much it can go up with minimal 
capex on de-bottlenecking? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: I think I answered the previous question. So, we expect, we have, know, as I said, the different 
grades of machines have different capacity levels, and different utilization. So, we normally 
categorize it by the availability of the kind of machines, the tonnage of the machines that is there. 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
December 18, 2024 
Page 10 of 14 
 
And we categorize it across 80 to 100 tons, 100 to 150 tons, 150 to 200 tons, 200 to 300 tons, 
and 300 tons and above.  
This is how the whole categorization happens in the precision injection moulded parts. There 
are, of course, many other plastic parts where it is even above 300 tons, 350 tons. So, it varies 
from tonnage-to-tonnage. But we have a fairly good capacity available. Let me clarify that 
between the two companies put together, where we can mix and match and get efficiencies out 
by the volumes. 
So, we are able to then, easily have a fantastically good capacity available. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha from Anand Rathi Institutional 
Equities. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Just, sir, firstly, if you can help us, how the Timex Group was, I mean, just in the landscape of 
this thing, what are the capabilities they have? And today we have the two partners, different, 
Timex and the Takahata. So, how the technology will be then shaped up for the future, sir? 
I mean, it would be different for different businesses, or they would also combine effort.  
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, let me answer this question first because it's a very good question, a very important 
question. First and foremost, TGPEL does not have any partners today. It was actually formed 
as a Timex Group. Timex was a US-based company and you might be knowing that Timex 
initially formed the company with the Tata's collaboration. 
And this was founded in 1992, as when Timex used to primarily focus on making the moulds 
and plastic injection moulding for watches. But that's how it started. And then subsequently it 
was carved out as a Timex Group Precision Engineering Limited in 2008, when the relationship 
between Timex and Tata's broke and Timex went off. 
And the injection moulded parts remain in the country as a standalone company. And it became 
Timex Group Precision Engineering Limited. And this company actually started with a new 
facility in 2009 in Noida. And they had roughly one plant, I think it was close to 45,000 square 
feet that they had constructed at that point in time. 
But then they were acquired in 2019, they were acquired by five different shareholders from 
different companies. And this included Asahi India. And then Padmini VNA, they both had 
30%-30%. Then there was private investors, three of them from Hong Kong, all having, 20-10-
10, that kind of a shareholding. 
So it was a very mixed kind of a shareholding, more like a financial investor. And none of them 
were able to consolidate the financials of this company. And it was standing as a standalone 
company. And now, with our acquisition, we find that, they also find that it makes a lot of sense, 
we are able to then give it more strategic direction, more directions in terms of growth. 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
December 18, 2024 
Page 11 of 14 
 
And, there is then a clear focus with regards to how we want to grow this light-weighting 
segment of ours in terms of the plastic injection moulding. So that is how this whole acquisition 
made sense. And I think it is a very apt acquisition with regards to our overall strategy. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
And now, sir, it will be played to both of the partners, I mean, both of companies will be 
separately, it will be played out in the market. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: So when they don't have any partners from outside, it is only Takahata as a partner whom we 
have under the Takahata wing, which will continue. And between us and Takahata, we have a 
clear understanding of how we'll run this whole overall plastics business. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
And, sir, just on the, how is the ROCE profile can help us understand for this business as of 
now? And I mean, is there any other incrementally margin triggers you see that can support 
better margins for this acquisition, sir? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: See, the past figures are all available on the ROC sites. So you will be able to get the financials 
down and on an average their return on capital so far has been in the region of around 24%. So 
23% EBITDA is what we have been maintaining. So, their return on capital etc. is all available 
for the previous year's figures. So I think that you will be able to get from there. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much for this opportunity, sir. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Wonderful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Gourab Paul from Techsellence Financial 
Research. Please go ahead. 
Gourab Paul: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand this tooling that you do for mould. It's usually paid upfront by 
the customer, isn't it or what is... 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No, we have both the models. There are some models where it's paid up front, there are some 
models where we apportion it from the cost to the part. 
Gourab Paul: 
Okay. And my second question is for medical devices you mentioned that there are some medical 
devices under TGPEL. So are there any components which have gone through FDA approval or 
something like that, any idea? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, they are already supplying. They are already supplying to Tier 1s directly. 
Gourab Paul: 
Okay. The second question was in the last call you said that in export business, you're seeing 
green shoots coming up and more business is coming for your base business, not the plastic, but 
for pistons from Europe and America. So, I mean, overall this quarter are you still seeing that or 
I mean, it's still subdued and... 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No, as I said I think I mentioned it in the last call that our exports business has got affected 
because of the war situation at both in the Middle East as well as in Ukraine. So, the whole of 
Europe is under a lot of slowdown. The whole of US is under slowdown. So, the primary markets 
for us are in the Middle East and Europe. And naturally, the exports markets are affected.  

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
December 18, 2024 
Page 12 of 14 
 
But notwithstanding that we have all continued to grow and will continue to grow primarily 
because of newer areas that we are attacking in terms of new business and also in terms of 
ensuring that we are able to cater to some of the urgent requirements that some of the companies 
have abroad which is happening primarily because of some of the big players vacating capacities. 
So, we are able to cater to that because with our clear strategy of growing in all the areas that we 
are invested in, we want to ensure that we are able to cater to the end markets in a manner which 
is going to be very seamless for the customers. So, that way we are able to actually grow the 
business. 
Gourab Paul: 
Sir, also in the CV and tractor overall, I mean, the aftermarket segment. So, I understood that 
there are around INR 10 crores of CVs in the Indian domestic market on road. So, typically, 
what is the overall cycle of that? I mean, say in life of say 10 years to 15 years, how many times 
do they go for piston replacement? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: I think I explained this in the last call. Normally, in the life cycle of CV industry, there are 
normally anywhere between five to six times that it undergoes overall engine overhauls and that 
is not a sacrosanct figure, the whole industry works in a very uncoordinated manner. There is no 
coordinated figures available, thereby you can conclude and say that this is how it will move, 
but in an approximate manner, anywhere between five to six times in a CV, that it undergoes 
major overhauls. 
Gourab Paul: 
Understood, sir. And my last question I wanted to understand regarding the ethanol based 
blending. So, I understand that in Brazil you supply for components where the blending is around 
60% to 80%. Please correct me if I'm wrong? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Even 100%. See what happens ethanol blending happens from 10% to 100%. So, in Brazil, they 
have reached not today, they have reached almost close to 5 years, 6 years back 100% blended 
ethanol usage. And they have realized that with 100% usage, they have the wear and tear on the 
engine components are very, very high. 
As a result of which it has now been blended down and they on an average use between 80% to 
85% as the standard ethanol blending. Now, with 80% to 85% blending what happens is you 
will still there is a big drop in the power density as a result of which you have to go for higher 
ratios and other things.  
And you have to completely redesign the product because the carbon should be in on the higher 
side, you have to redesign the product to be able to maintain all the scavenging that is required 
on the engine blocks and that requires a huge amount of technology with regards to the coating 
of the rings, coating of the pistons and other things.  
So, that is the technology that we have developed. And we are leading the entire race by giving 
product components which goes into CNG and ethanol applications in a very big way, both in 
India as well as in abroad. 
Gourab Paul: 
Yes, so just to give a sense so say, for example, we have a VH6 piston and compared to that say 
your Freedom 125 piston of similar vehicles, so the machining content for the Freedom 125 or 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
December 18, 2024 
Page 13 of 14 
 
a CNG based or an ethanol based ones, would it be more high like the top crown surfaces and 
all? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, everything not only the machining, machining plus coating everything changes completely. 
Gourab Paul: 
Okay. That's very clear. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Akshay Sam from Sam Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Akshay Sam: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the follow-up. Can you throw some light on the competitive landscape and 
the precision plastic moulding segment in India? Because I've seen a lot of competitors abroad 
who are market leaders. They do very niche stuff such as plastic and metal fusion moulding as 
well? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: That is one of the major areas that we do we call it as insert moulding. And it's a metal insertion 
moulding that we do and do it in both companies. Well, the competitor for Takahata was Timex. 
Competitor for Timex was Takahata. So, we do have other competitors, but then I think we have 
a good position now. 
Akshay Sam: 
Are we the biggest in India, sir? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No, I don't think so. From the landscape of the market that is available, I think you can easily 
make out we cater to around 15% of the market now and we want to grow to a much bigger 
segment. Our aim is to become the biggest. What it required was a group which will actually 
bring a lot of synergies with regards to the market and the front-end situation that we have with 
so many tier ones that we are able to consolidate all that and bring it all together.  
And that is where we see the synergies coming from SPRL. So, SPRL will play that part with 
regards to getting those synergies and growing the business for both these companies. 
Akshay Sam: 
So, we have 15% market share at the moment and you think the market leader has around say 
20%? Is that sir? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No, I am not saying that. There are very distributed kind of suppliers. As a result there is one 
guy owning more than double-digit figures in terms of the market share because this happens 
when you have a very niche market the customers cannot invest in multiple suppliers for the 
moulds because otherwise the overall cost goes up. 
So, they tend to develop their own partners in small segments and they want the partner 
companies to then invest in the mould. So, that is how it happens. So, most of these companies 
will not find any product overlaps, but you normally have overall group overlap happening 
because of it being a plastic injection moulded part. 
Akshay Sam: 
Understood, sir. Thank you so much. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
December 18, 2024 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan for closing comments. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: I think these are all great questions today and I think we have been able to answer it to the best 
of our abilities. In case anybody has any further questions, please do reach out to us anytime. 
You have the numbers available of Mr. Pankaj Gupta who is our Company Secretary and Legal 
Counsel. He will ensure that he will then reach out to the right person to get the answers and be 
able to give the answers back to you.  
We extend our gratitude to all the participants for attending today's Investor Call. Your 
participation has made this discussion extremely engaging. We remain dedicated in our 
commitment to our strategic business objectives and we will continue to strive for sustained 
positive outcomes.  
For any further questions or any information that you may have, please reach out to our Investor 
Relation Team at Ernst & Young. And on behalf of the company again, thank you once again 
and appreciate your time and involvement in these discussions. Thanks a lot. Take care and 
goodbye. And I do take this opportunity to wish you all a very Happy New Year. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Thanks, everybody. 
 
 
Disclaimer:  
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility 
of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. Some minor 
editing may have been done for better readability. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on December 18, 2024 will prevail. 
