 
 
                               CIN No.: L24231GJ1998PLC034094 
 
November 19, 2024 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532967 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip ID - KIRIINDUS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Submission of Transcript for Q2/H1-FY25 Earnings Conference call 
 
In compliance with Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith the Transcript of                     
Q2/H1-FY25 Earnings Conference Call held on Thursday, November 14, 2024. 
 
The Transcript of Q2/H1-FY25 Earnings Conference Call is also available on website of 
the Company at www.kiriindustries.com. 
 
You are kindly requested to take note of the same. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Kiri Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Suresh Gondalia 
Company Secretary 
M No. : F7306 
Encl: As stated 
 
GONDALIA 
SURESH 
SAVAJIBHAI
Digitally signed by GONDALIA SURESH SAVAJIBHAI 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=380015, st=GUJARAT, street=21 BHAVI 
APARTMENT 156 NEHRU PARKAHMADABADVASTRAPURLAD SOCIETY 
ROAD 380015, l=AHMADABAD, o=Personal, title=6650, 
serialNumber=61ef2e945d9b4545361118485ed828d8e6a17a5394d0
cc83c0083d7fae6378bf, pseudonym=665020231120160538755, 
2.5.4.20=2ffb8407a32dbc76dc1756ccf827b5ded85b5aad67c9ece0e2
e2eb8303f03eca, email=SURESH.GONDALIA@KIRIINDUSTRIES.COM, 
cn=GONDALIA SURESH SAVAJIBHAI 
Date: 2024.11.19 16:18:30 +05'30'

Kiri Industries Ltd 
Q2 and H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Kiri Industries 
Limited Q2 and H1FY25 Earnings Conference call hosted by Valorem 
Advisors.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing the ‘*’, then ‘0’ 
on your touchdown phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Miss Nupur Jainkunia 
from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over to you ma'am.  
 
Nupur Jainkunia:  
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. And I warm welcome to all of 
you. My name is Nupur Jainkunia from Valorem advisors. We 
represent the Investor relations of Kiri Industries Limited. On behalf of 
the company, I would like to thank you for all participating in the 
company's earnings conference call for the second quarter and first 
half of financial year 2025.  
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention a short cautionary 
statement. Some of the statements made in today's earning call may 
be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are 
subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to 
differ from those anticipated. Such results are based on management 
belief as well as assumptions made by and information currently 
available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place and 
your reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any 
investment decisions. The purpose of today's earnings conference call 
is purely to educate and bring awareness about company's 
fundamental business and financial quarter under review.  
 
Now, I would like to introduce you to the management participating 
with us in the conference call. We have with us, Mr. Manish Kiri - 
Chairman and Managing Director of the company, Mr. Jayesh Hirani - 
VP Finance and Account, and Mr. Suresh Gondalia - Company 
Secretary.  
 
I would now request Mr. Manish Kiri to give us his opening remarks, 
thank you and over to you, Sir.  
 

Manish Kiri:  
Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the earning conference call 
for the second quarter and first half of the financial year 2025. I hope 
you are all keeping safe and well. To start, I'll provide an overview of 
the financial performance for the second quarter of FY25, followed by 
the operational highlights.  
 
On a standalone basis, revenue from operations during the quarter 
under review was ₹146 crores, a 4% decline year on year with an 
EBITDA loss of ₹3 crores and net loss of ₹21 crores. The total revenue 
for Q2 FY25, decreased due to a decline in the dye intermediate sales 
resulting from reduced demand and lower price realizations in the 
dyes segment.  
  
Operational expenses saw a 4.6% increase in power costs this quarter. 
Other manufacturing expenses were in line with the previous quarter 
mainly due to close monitoring, while higher freight and legal costs 
contributed to the negative EBITDA, this quarter compared to the 
previous one. Please note that the legal costs in this quarter continue 
to occur at a higher level.  
 
For the first half of FY25, standalone revenue from operations were 
₹313 crore, representing 7% year on year growth, while an EBITDA 
profit of ₹11 crore and net loss of ₹23 crores post depreciation.  
 
On a consolidated basis, revenue from operations for the quarter 
under review was ₹272 crores representing an 18% increase year on 
year with EBITDA ₹22 crores and net loss of ₹13 crores before the 
share of profit of associates, before consolidating DyStar.  
 
For H1 FY25 consolidated revenue reached ₹537 crores growing 17% 
year on year with an EBITDA of ₹40 crores and net loss of ₹15 crores 
before share of profits of associates.  
 
Operational expenses increased by 8% mainly due to very high legal 
costs associated with litigation against Senda International Capital in 
Singapore courts. Other income included interest earnings from our 
joint venture, Lonsen Kiri Chemical Industries Limited.  
 
Regarding the DyStar case, Kiri had filed an appeal against SICC order 
dated May 20th, 2024 which did not award interest on the buyout 
amount to Kiri. Senda also filed an appeal regarding the awarding of 
priority payment to Kiri from the proceeds of sale of DyStar. The 
appeal hearing at the Court of Appeal was concluded on November 
12, 2024, and the judgment was reserved.  
 
Furthermore, Senda International Capital has agreed to pay legal costs 
and disbursements owed to Kiri along with interest in SIC 4 and 

related appeals, including the principal amount and applicable 
interest at 5.33% per annum until the payment is made. Senda has 
already given irrevocable instructions for this cost to be paid directly 
to Kiri from Senda share of the en block sale proceeds, from Kiri and 
Senda shareholding, in DyStar Global Holdings. The en bloc sale 
process is being conducted by Matthew Stuart Becker, Lim Loo Khoon 
and Tan Wei Cheong of Deloitte and Touche LLP, who have been 
appointed as the joint receiver and the processes is proceeding 
according to the schedule and the timeline provided by the receiver 
to the court.  
 
With that, we can now begin the question answer session. Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Suresh 
from Burham Financial. Please go ahead.  
 
Suresh: 
Good morning, Sir. En bloc sale or tenders to inviting date or any 
details you can mention last time conference call, any update? 
 
Manish Kiri:  
Yes, yes. So, the timeline has been now decided, presented and 
committed and the non-binding offers would be due on November 
22, 2024, which is next week and binding offers to acquire DyStar 
would be due by end of January. During this time, two and half 
months the detailed due diligence of phase two would be conducted 
by prospective buyers.  Already there has been a lot of interest 
presented by the prospective bidders and phase one due diligence is 
going to get completed by next week and assuming that by January 
end, binding bids are coming in. Then, February, March we are 
expecting the sale purchase agreement to be executed and sale of 
DyStar to be concluded.  
 
Suresh: 
Sir, after completed the agreement till received fund, how much time 
it take, Sir? 
 
Manish Kiri:  
I think the execution of agreement and tendering our shares or giving 
our shares to new buyer will happen simultaneously. So, shares would 
get exchanged with the payment against the share, so I don't think it 
will take more than two to four weeks. So, we are highly hopeful that 
before the end of this financial year which is 31st March 2025, we can 
expect the inward funds from sales proceeds.  
 
Suresh: 
Next, you can buy the any shares in the open market, or only 
preferential issue we can increase the stake? 
 
Manish Kiri:  
The preferential issue has already been made which you know the 
announcements have been made. Warrants have been issued only to 
the promoters and there is no plan currently to buy anything from the 

secondary market by the promoters because promoters do not have 
that much of approval, promoters don’t have more than 5% ability to 
purchase in secondary market. So, no it it's not possible also legally, 
thank you.  
 
Suresh: 
 
OK. Any mutual funds buying happen in Kiri?  
 
Manish Kiri:  
I think several funds what we have seen and you would also be able to 
see from the list of shareholders that we see the new funds, new FPIs 
are coming in so we see the participation increasing currently.  
 
Suresh:  
Another question, actually, you can propose the new copper plant 
and fertilizer plant. You can environmental clearance for copper plant 
is clear? In future projects, copper plant is clear the environment 
clearance?   
 
Manish Kiri:  
Yes, yes, completely clear.  
 
Suresh: 
Completed. It will start the that company further updates.  
 
Manish Kiri:  
Yeah, the implementation of project will start very soon and next 
quarter or quarter after onwards when we are in the process of 
building the plant, erecting factories and executing the project, we 
will definitely keep you updated on our quarterly announcements 
we'll definitely do. If there is any significant event in between also, 
we'll be pleased to announce but the company is already in the 
process of implementing the project and the required steps, actions 
have already been taken to start that new plant as soon as possible at 
the earliest in 2025, the first phase.  
 
Suresh: 
And, November 22nd is En bloc sale updates. You can inform the 
exchanges?  
 
Manish Kiri: 
Yeah, we will review the communication which we received from the 
receiver and based on the communication that we receive, we'll be 
pleased to do so. Thank you.  
 
Suresh: 
OK, Sir. Thank you. Thank you for the. Best of luck.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash from Dante equity. Please 
go ahead.  
 
Yash: 
Yeah, just wanted to understand a couple of things, right, especially 
with the preferential issue that you've done, I just wanted to 
understand the conviction on the company itself, what percentage of 
your net worth have you deployed through the preferential issue? 
Because it's a substantial amount of money, right?  

 
Manish Kiri:   
Yes.  
 
Yash: 
Yeah. So, what percentage of your net worth have you deployed into 
the preferential issue? I'm trying to understand the conviction, I'm 
trying to understand the conviction on the company itself, because 
you've doubled your stake.  
 
Manish Kiri:  
Yeah, what we did is whatever assets which we had besides our 
house, everything has been put into we are double down you know, 
by investing in everything with promoter had in the company.  
 
Yash: 
But are these shares going to be pledged? Have you taken out bank 
loans to finance this because pledged shares?  
 
Manish Kiri:  
No, there are no shares pledged. Let me clarify. There are no shares 
pledged of promoters. Nothing has been pledged, OK. So, there are 
no shares pledged, there is a commitment given to the lenders for the 
new project by the promoters that they would not reduce the stake, 
right. So, the announcement which we have made is the commitment 
from promoters not to reduce the stake and no pledge of any shares 
of promoters have taken place, right, that's is #1. #2, you know $130 
million has been raised in Singapore out of which post expenses paid 
$120 million, as we speak now, would be invested into copper project 
and we are already in the phase of executing that project since last 
three weeks, in fact, right. So, we are investing and saving one year to 
start the new facility earlier, so for that, the borrowing was made by 
the Kiri subsidiary in Singapore and that subsidiary has injected a 
permanent capital FDI into copper project which is Indo Asia Copper 
Limited, right. So, there is an equity infusion which has already been 
done by Kiri subsidiary to kickstart the new growth project that we 
have continued.  
 
Yash: 
So how have you raised that money? And is it a loan?  
 
Manish Kiri:  
So that’s the money which has been raised as an advance against the 
judgment order. So, there are funds in Singapore which have done 
judgement funding to Kiri Subsidiary against the judgment order. 
 
Yash: 
Wow, so basically if anyone’s going to do a judgement funding, 
they're pretty sure that you're going to get the money, right? Is that 
the correct assumption?  
 
Manish Kiri:  
Exactly, that's the correct assumption. So, when they have done 
judgment funding, they have gone through the legal diligences, they 
came to the conclusion that it's only a matter of time and Kiri is going 
to get money very soon. So, when they got this confidence, there 

were four funds in Singapore which were prepared to give judgment 
funding to Kiri and we avail from two funds and there was legal due 
diligence and detailed due diligence conducted by these funds when 
they came to conclusion that the money is secured for Kiri. 
 
Yash: 
Right. And also, in your P&L, you're getting some sort of associate 
profits, those are not cash profits, right? Those are just book entries, 
right? Can you clarify that?  
 
Manish Kiri:  
No, as I mentioned earlier, the associate profits are only book entry, 
Kiri is not entitled to any profit of DyStar and any economic interest of 
DyStar, correct. So, it's only because Kiri continues to hold shares of 
DyStar, you know, statutorily we are required to consolidate this 
associate profit, but there is no liquidity which relates to that.  
 
Yash:  
Right. Last question, you've hired somebody from Birla right from 
Aditya Birla or Birla Corporation, I'm not sure. Can you throw some 
light on that? Like who you hired? What is their background? When 
are we going to hear them on concalls, etcetera, etcetera? 
 
Manish Kiri:  
Right. So, we have hired Dr. Sanjay Sarkar, who is basically leading the 
copper project, he is the CEO and Executive Director of Copper 
Project. He has come along with key management team who have 
long experience in copper and he was Chief Operating Officer of Birla 
Copper for more than 10 years and then, before he retired, he was a 
board member of Hindalco. So, very long years in copper and very 
knowledgeable and expert in the field which we have taken on board 
to execute, operate and run this business for Kiri.  
 
Yash: 
Right. I definitely have more questions. I'm just going to come back in 
the queue out of respect for other participants, thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arun from Grow 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
 
Arun:  
Yeah. Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. Just wanted to 
check, you know you have taken the warrants and diluting the existing 
shareholders, will this also trigger the open offer?  
 
Manish Kiri:   
No, it doesn't trigger the open offer.  
 
Arun:   
 
Because the stake will go beyond 5%. Will increase beyond 5%. 
 
Manish Kiri:  
The warrants are converted over a period of 18 months which covers 
3 financial years.  
 

Arun:  
OK, so you probably structured in such a way that it doesn't trigger 
the open offer. 
 
Manish Kiri:  
Yeah, it doesn't trigger and conversion will take place over a period of 
18 months.  
 
Arun:  
And any reason why you didn't give this opportunity to the existing 
shareholders, diluting the existing shareholders?  
 
Manish Kiri:  
I think you know the existing shareholders opportunities would be 
entitled for the rights issue. And Kiri’s board didn't feel it appropriate 
right now to have that much of capital required to do right issue. But 
in future if need arises, definitely would consider.  
 
Arun:  
Yeah, because my only submission was, Sir, that the company did not 
require capital because anyway it is expecting capital of $600 million. 
So, there was no need to raise capital. Anyway, second question was, 
Sir, are we inclining towards strategic or a financial investor, that's 
part 1 and 2nd, you mentioned about the status of appeal, I think 
there was some disturbance. Can you repeat what is the status of the 
Senda’s appeal in the court?  
 
Manish Kiri:  
Yes, sure. So, there was the appeal hearing took place on November 
12 where one day hearing took place with the same judges who have 
heard in these cases in Court of Appeal earlier. Senda first argued on 
the priority payment to Kiri to overturn the priority payment and Kiri 
made arguments for the interest, post judgement interest. Because 
post judgment interest has not been awarded to Kiri and we strongly 
believe that we deserve post judgement interest at least so there was 
a one-day argument in which we strongly believe that the possibility 
of overturning the priority payment to Kiri are extremely less while we 
are very hopeful that the court would do justice and award interest to 
Kiri post judgement post March 2023 so, when the outcome comes of 
this appeal in the next few months, we are expecting based on the 
prior experience that the judgement should be out by January 
beginning 2025 and if Kiri is awarded interest, that would be 
overturning the SICC's decision not to award interest to Kiri. And 
depending on what interest rate Court is deciding, it may add 
somewhere between $60 million - $100 million on the current award, 
so all court trials have been completed now, all court appearances for 
Kiri has been concluded and no more court submissions will be 
required now.  
 
Arun:  
Got it and any intimation towards strategic or a financial investor, a 
PE kind of a guy?  
 
Manish Kiri:   
You mean for the new project?  

 
Arun:   
 
No, no for the bidding.  
 
Manish Kiri:  
For bidding, there are multiple participants, a huge number of 
interests came for the expression of interest. You know the numbers 
ranked above 70, right. And now when the non-binding the bids next 
week, I think the participants are going to be based on my own 
opinion at least more than 20 go to the next round of detailed 
divisions, the interest is very high. DyStar has now by end of 
September, piled up to $607 million cash and it has touched $1 billion 
of net current assets. Looking at this financial strength looks like there 
are many financial private equity investors have jumped in.  
 
Arun:  
That's wonderful to hear. And lastly, what is the status of the DyStar 
financials this year? How has the P&L been behaving?  
 
Manish Kiri:  
I think if you look at the first nine months, you know $90 million is 
EBITDA and at the same run rate when the year ends in December, it 
can touch to about $120 million of EBITDA and this is post, they're 
taking out management fees. You know, post where they're extracting 
related party transactions and post all kinds of fees that they expect 
out. So, it is post that the reported numbers could that's close to 120.  
 
Arun:   
 
Sure. Thank you, Sir, and good luck for everything.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Pradeep Rawat from Yogya 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
 
Pradeep Rawat:  
Yeah. Good morning and thank you for the opportunity. So, I have 
first question regarding the borrowing that we have increased. So, 
what was the interest cost for the borrowing?  
 
Manish Kiri:  
The interest cost is about 15% on the borrowing, which is back ended, 
which would be paid back along with the interest from the sale 
proceeds of DyStar.  
 
Pradeep Rawat:  
So, it would be concluded once we get the cash proceed from DyStar.  
 
Manish Kiri:  
Correct, correct. There is no debts serving required. There is no 
payment required. It gets concluded. So essentially it is an advance 
against judgement order.  
 
Pradeep Rawat:  
Ok. What is the planned CapEx for this financial year?  
 
Manish Kiri:  
This financial year, we will see how much we are able to deploy out of 
total close to $120 million, but I assume that it would be at least half 

of that $60 million we should be able to deploy before the end of the 
year.  
 
Pradeep Rawat:  
Ok so I am assuming that we have raised $120 million and we will pay 
back this once we get the amount. So, the amount would be, we will 
receive the amount by March 2025 and we have at now planned to 
invest only $60 million. So, my question is why have we raised so 
much money $120 million, as we have planned only 60 million as of 
now?  
 
Manish Kiri:  
No, no, no. It is the 60 million we would be able to deploy, right but 
whatever funds we have raised, 130 million out of that 120 million 
would be deployed in the new project, part this year, part next 
financial year because you know we don't know at this time how 
much suppliers we would be paying advance, what kind of machinery 
we would be tying up, right. So, essentially the funds have been kept 
to make sure that we don't have, at least for one year, you know, 
short of cash when we start the project, we don't want to start the 
project, if something goes wrong and you are halfway hanging there. 
Right. So, we have secured the amount, we could have raised up to 
$200 million but the first phase of the investment where Kiri’s equity 
requirement would be $91 million. So, looking at that $91 million to 
be precise, we have now ability to invest $120 million and that would 
allow us to have our one product line operational by 2026. 
 
Pradeep Rawat:  
OK. And what I understood that $90 million is the requirement for 
CapEx. Is that correct?  
 
Manish Kiri:   
Yes, correct $91 million.  
 
Pradeep Rawat:  
OK, so we raised $120 million and in addition to that, we have cash 
from warrants. So, it is approximately 300 crore.  
 
Manish Kiri:  
Yeah. Yeah, so right. So, if you look at now balance sheet of Kiri on the 
next quarter as per the requirements, as per the warrants, all the debt 
of Kiri is paid off right. So, by close to 150 crore of debt which we had 
on the books, everything is going to go away. In Next quarter results, 
all paid off finished. So, Kiri’s would be completely clean balance 
sheet, debt free balance sheet going forward. And not only that with 
accumulated losses you have seen that the working capital was 
stretched and our quarterly newsletters also highlighted the crucial 
issue of working capital, so we have strengthen now working capital 
and funded another 100 crore plus only in the working capital. So, 
that would help to improve the profits of the existing business also 
going forward. So please understand that there were certain loans 
which Kiri had raised earlier and those loans need to be paid, that 
loan was raised to make payments to the Singapore lawyers. Now 

those loans were getting due by October this year starting from 
October. So, we had to raise this money to make sure that we don't 
default on any loan that's number 1. Number 2 at the same time, to 
continue to have the better operations, working capital was required 
to be received and those are the preliminary objectives and remaining 
funds is again going back to project as an equity so those are the 
reasons because of which it was necessary to raise some funds 
domestically and also to start new projects, so both the objectives got 
solved with that and completed.  
 
Pradeep Rawat:  
OK, Sir, that was helpful. And one last question that how much of the 
legal fee reimbursement that we are going to receive from the En bloc 
sale?  
 
Manish Kiri:  
So that is Eight and half million Singapore dollar, not U.S. dollar plus 
the interest. So, interest has been running for more than two years. 
So, I think it would be north of $10 million Singapore.  
 
Pradeep Rawat:  
Understood. Thank you and wish you all the best Sir.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Manoj Bhura from Adinath 
Financial Services. Please go ahead.  
 
Manoj Bhura:  
Good morning, Manish ji. How are you? Your voice is not good, are 
you alright? 
 
Manish Kiri:  
Hey, good morning Manoj Ji. I'm ok, alright. Thank you.  
 
Manoj Bhura:  
Because you are the driver now.  
 
Manish Kiri:  
Of course. Thank you. Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Vivek Joshi, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead.  
 
Vivek Joshi:  
Hi. Congratulations on finally ending this long court case. Wish you all 
the best for your new projects.  
 
Manish Kiri:   
Thank you so much.  
 
Vivek Joshi:  
Yeah, I had a couple of just housekeeping questions. So, for the 
warrants half of 492 has already come in and recently you've 
converted a little more, is that correct?  
 
Manish Kiri:   
Yes, correct.  
 

Vivek Joshi:  
And the rest will be converted over the next two financial years. Is 
that correct?  
 
Manish Kiri:   
Yes, correct. Correct. Yes, correct.  
 
Vivek Joshi:  
Can you just give me a little more detail what exactly this copper 
project is? Can you give me some contour of what exactly is it about?  
 
Manish Kiri:  
To explain you briefly, the project is about producing half a million-
ton copper right in two phases. First phase to produce 200,000 ton 
right, 2 lakhs ton copper and 2nd is to produce, 5 lakhs ton copper, 
right. We would be able to feed both. We would be able to feed 
copper concentrate which is produced from copper ore. So, there is 
this smelter of 300,000 ton in full capacity and there is a scrap indoor 
and blitzar processing furnace and then refinery. So, it would be a 
recycling production line as well as the smelting production line, 
totaling together is 500,000 ton. The entire premise is going to be 
completely internationally ESG compliant. So, it will have a 0 liquid 
discharge, not a single drop of effluent will go out of this premises and 
because of that we are converting all the rest into various products. 
Fertilizers are produced as a byproduct. So, fertilizers are planned 
along with the copper and there will be some more with some blocks. 
So, there are number of byproducts which will be produced by this 
plant which would be as a copper and fertilizer production facility 
near the Pipavav port.  
 
Vivek Joshi:  
And what was the total CapEx? I'm sorry I missed it. If you have 
already told, what is the total CapEx for this?  
 
Manish Kiri:  
So, the total CapEx in two phases right, from the first phase and the 
second phase together would reach close to 8000 crore, funded by 
equity and debts.  
 
Vivek Joshi:  
What debt equity ratio are you comfortable with just the long term, 
just to understand the balance sheet?  
 
Manish Kiri:   
Would be approximately 1/3rd equity and 2/3rd of debt.  
 
Vivek Joshi:  
OK, 1/3rd equity and 2/3rd of debt. And when is the production 
expected to? 
 
Manish Kiri:  
So, that 1/3rd of equity will take away almost 50% of sales proceeds of 
DyStar, just to tell you the net for you.  
 
Vivek Joshi:   
Yeah, yeah, I understand that and this 8000-crore fund? 
 
Manish Kiri:   
This would be over a period of two years.  

 
Vivek Joshi:   
Thank you, all the best to you.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Aniket Gala, an individual 
investor, please go ahead.  
 
Aniket Gala:  
Good morning, Manish ji. I just wanted to ask a couple of questions. 
Regarding your DyStar sale, sale proceeds capped at $600 million or 
we might get additional over? 
 
Manish Kiri:  
Yes, yes, it has been capped and crystallized at $604 million plus the 
legal cost. So, as I just mentioned, the legal cost would be close to 
another $10 million Singapore dollars. That 604 is in U.S. dollars. And 
then if interest is awarded from the judgment for which the appeal 
just got concluded 2 days ago, then interest would be added to it and 
the interest would also come out of the sale proceeds on priority. So 
based on the judgements, you know, these amounts are all 
crystallized and kept. So, irrespective of what price DyStar is sold, it is 
going to get the fixed amount decided by the court.  
 
Aniket Gala:  
Thank you. And another question is regarding the copper plant. As 
you mentioned, it's basically the raw materials would be like from 
copper mines as well scraps, right for the copper plant?  
 
Manish Kiri:  
Correct. Both the feeding copper scrap plus copper ore, copper 
concentrate. 
 
Aniket Gala:   
OK. And when will the commercialization of plant happen after 
approvals and all?  
 
Manish Kiri:  
In 2 phases. One phase in 2026, beginning at the target and second 
phase 2027 beginning.  
 
Aniket Gala:    
OK. Thank you. That's it from me.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Prakash, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Prakash:  
Yeah. My first question is regarding this, our new expansion` and also 
like new projects. So, for the copper project you mentioned, 200,000 
is the first phase. So, what is the like capacity for the fertilizer and 
which fertilizer we are going to produce? 
 
Manish Kiri:  
So, there would be two fertilizers, total capacity of fertilizer 
production would be about 1 million ton. And it would include the 
DAP, diammonium phosphate and NPK. These are the two products 
that we have considered to produce.  

 
Prakash:  
So, by 2026, what will be the CapEx for this one for the first phase and 
in first phase, how much will be you are saying 1 million so 1 million 
taken together both fertilizers right and then again, there is show for 
like 2:3? 
 
Manish Kiri:  
So, so total CapEx of 8000 crore will split into two. First phase would 
be 2500 crore and then the second phase would be 5500 crore.  
 
Prakash:  
OK, Sir. So, can you please like give us some more detail on the status 
of the like implementation like for example the appointment of 
consultant or like by which quarter we are going to like place all the 
orders, what about for example this like this land like leveling like land 
also?  
 
Manish Kiri:  
What we will do is we will be pleased to give quarterly updates to 
update you where we are. And we will try to disclose as much 
information as we can. But please be rest assured that all our team 
would be targeting seamlessly to achieve the numbers and to start 
commercial production because site is ready as we speak today, all 
the approvals are in place, for example, technology tie-ups are 
completed, 
technology 
agreements 
have 
been 
executed, 
memorandum of understanding for the raw material suppliers have 
been executed, agreements with the port have been executed. Lot of 
things have been completed when we speak now. So, the timing is 
such that once we enter into now implementation of the project, 
once the orders are placed, advances are released. We have fix 
timeline for each machinery and we will definitely provide all this 
substantive information when the project is started.  
 
Prakash:  
So, here the question is, is as of now all the existing copper melter 
companies have announced their expansion. I don't want to name 
here, but I'm sure we all know it.  
 
Manish Kiri:  
Many are expanding because the demand supply gap in India is very 
high.  
 
Prakash:  
Yeah. So, Sir, my question is that will there not be any scarcity of the 
required raw material because everybody will be jumping for the 
same pile. So how are you going to tie up your raw material, whether 
are you looking from import also or it should not be the case that we 
have built up our plant and then raw material is not available or is 
available but at a very high price so how you would deal with that?  
 
Manish Kiri:  
Yeah. So, these are the critical parts of business aspects and we would 
definitely make sure that all these aspects are covered in the process 
when we are about to start our facility, raw material tie-ups, you 

know, tie-ups with the mines, you know agreements, tie-ups with 
other vendors, machinery contracts, so all would be tied up and it 
would be done. The implementation would be done sophistically 
through the project implementation process and there will be one of 
the best people, technology provider, project executors, PMC 
companies, lot of people will be involved in the process, right. So, all 
the aspects which you are correctly mentioning now I can give you 
assurance that every one of those would be taken care. #2 when you 
look at the India's demand and India's current production, we are at 
1.5 million tons of consumption in India while production is only 0.4 
million tons. There are several plants and, you know, announced our 
facility, some expansion with existing people. One more project just 
started, when you put together, it would all be by 2027-28, 1.5 million 
ton you will be able to barely cover. By the time, India’s demand is 
expected to rise to almost 3 million tons. Correct. Even at 2030, even 
after all the announced projects are operational, right the way we 
have pledged the solar and renewable energy to reach to 450 
gigawatts and the speed at which the electric vehicles are getting 
popular and converted in India, this number may exceed beyond 3 
million ton. So, there is still a room and everyone is seeing this room 
and that is why other players are also jumping in because there is 
demand supply gap which is favoring not only one but still multiple 
players to come in India and which is good because you are replacing 
all the imports of billions of dollars, which is happening into India 
today. So, there is an opportunity that everyone is trying to embark 
upon..  
 
Prakash:  
No, Sir, like my question was not regarding the sales part. My 
question was regarding the raw material part because when so much 
capacity is coming.  
 
Manish Kiri:  
Raw material part is going to be the most challenging among all, right. 
So, everybody is going to struggle and here you know the because 
most of the current supplies are tied up with China, right. So not only 
us, every Indian you know, producer is going to struggle and that is 
where the most challenging requirement we will have to come across, 
right. You said very correctly but we are confident that we would be 
able to tie up more than half of the requirements are already as we 
speak now, you know signed with MOUs and offtake agreements are 
under drafting so well before our facility starts, we want to ensure 
that the entire feedstock is tied up, but there is still more and more 
shortage from the supply side, you will be able to see when this 
matter that I agree with you, earlier we tie-up, the better particularly 
for us.  
 
Prakash:  
Yeah. Yeah. So, Sir here I have one humble submission because now 
these for considering the size of balance sheet of Kiri and the 

magnitude of these two projects, these are by way highly material 
things the company is going to execute. So, whenever any significant 
item is done like for example any technology type is done or any MOU 
signs, please kindly ensure that the corporate announcement is done 
to that stock exchange so that all the shareholder can be aware of the 
development in the Company. 
 
Manish Kiri:  
Of course, we'll do so, and we'll definitely do so. Your advice is well 
taken and every development, we will ensure that we update to the 
shareholders.  
 
 
Moderator:  
Mr. Prakash, please fall back in the question queue for further 
question. The next question is from the line of Suyesh, an individual 
investor.  
 
Suyesh:  
Hi, Sir. Good morning. My question is regarding the existing dye 
intermediary position. How is the industry looking right now? You 
mentioned in the last few calls that we have seen a durable bottom 
being formed and things looking up so has that trajectory picked up?  
 
Manish Kiri:  
I think the demand side has improved a bit, right, but looking at last 
quarter and looking at the current situation also, you know demand is 
improving slowly. Not what we expected. There are a lot of external 
factors which influence dye exports and also depending on the textile 
producers and textile player situation in India, the recovery has been 
actually slow. What we have been trying to do is improve our product 
mix so that even at a lower capacity utilization so, if you look at our 
capacity utilizations across the plants today, less than 50% even 
today, right. So unfortunately, we are not seeing, you know, the influx 
of demand that can allow us to have adequate level of the capacity 
utilizations which is not happening yet in fact unfortunately.  
 
Suyesh:  
OK. And so, my next question is regarding the copper plant. What kind 
of products are we going to make and what is the ballpark EBITDA 
margin that you're looking and as it turns out of this, you know, 2500 
crores of first phase CapEx that you're looking to do?  
 
Manish Kiri:  
You know the products are various categories of copper, copper 
cathodes, copper rods, copper coils, copper tubes. So, these are 4-5 
categories of products that we will be selling, they're different 
products. #2, if you look at these all around right and the new 
technology, which we are also going to implement now, it would 
generate somewhere in between 10 to 12% EBITDA and at the first 
phase of 200,000 tons at the current price, you are looking at almost 
16,000 crore of revenue.  
 

Suyash:  
 
OK, got it. Understood. Thank you. That's all from my side.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Yash from Dante Equity. Please 
go ahead.  
 
Yash: 
Yeah. So, I think most of my questions is been answered through the 
previous callers. But I think one more thing that I really sort of want to 
understand is if there are any sort of regulatory changes with regard 
to copper, right, whether it's from the countries that we're importing 
from and India's own regulations that might change. I don't think they 
will, but have you factored that in? I just want to understand.  
 
Manish Kiri:  
Absolutely. We have factored in not only the local regulatory 
compliances as I mentioned earlier, we want to build and we are in 
the process of building the best ESG profile for example, the way we 
have planned over the next two to three years, the things will spell 
out. Would be to have one of the best globally acceptable ESG profile 
of this matter, so that that's why I said the entire premises would be 
non-polluting. We don't need to discharge, we are not putting the 
coal-based power plant. We will be targeting through to the solar 
right to have any reliable energy, ammonia which we are using as a 
brown ammonia initially it would be again a transition from its where 
it could be changed to green ammonia. So, there is a game plan which 
will drive us to the highest level of compliances, not only locally, but 
whatever is the best practices globally and that is what we have 
targeted. In case, in case we end up targeting export markets and 
these are quite essential factors which will have to incorporate it now 
onwards.  
 
Yash:  
Right. One more thing I'd really like to understand what percentage of 
your revenue, let's say post three to four years is going to come from 
the copper vis-a-vis with the fertilizer like what is your target? What 
part of your business is going to be copper? 
 
Manish Kiri:  
Yeah. The Copper division, the copper Subsidiary is going to have the 
biggest numbers, right, at the full stabilization of both the phases. You 
are looking at close to $5.5 billion of revenue, so that amounts to 
somewhere close to 50,000 crore of revenue. Now, these numbers 
look too big, you know, but it takes three years compared to the size 
of the company currently. So then this project and the successful 
execution of this project will completely change the profile of the 
company as a whole. And then the EBITDA generation would be 
multiple times higher than what the current line of business is 
generating. So, you are essentially transforming the whole company 
to the new platform.  
 

Yash:  
So, fertilizer or copper, is it ok to assume that copper is going to be 
80% plus, and fertilizer is going to be 20% or lower, right?  
 
Manish Kiri:  
More, more than 80%. Fertilizer is just the byproduct to make sure 
that you convert all your waste to be usable products that is the only 
purpose, not to enter into the fertilizer manufacturing as a different 
segment.  
 
Yash:   
Great. Great. Yeah, please highlight that I mean when you say copper 
and fertilizer, right, it seems like you're trying to do 2 different 2 very, 
very different things. I would really request you to highlight because 
fertilizer is not a very.  
 
Manish Kiri: 
You are right that sometimes misleads. You know that we are entering 
into two different things, something like that.  
 
Yash:   
Exactly. So, I would please request you to sort of, you know, mention 
that you're doing copper and fertilizer is just the by product or 
whatever like you know, however you can sort of mention it to the 
investors, that would be great.  
 
Manish Kiri:   
Will do, Sir. Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Arun from Grow Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
 
Arun:  
Yeah. Hi, Sir. Thanks for again giving me an opportunity. Just wanted 
to, you know, submit that as a minority investor, we have been 
invested in the company and we were expecting this big inflow, but 
disappointed to see that there is no mention of any big dividend or a 
buyback at a much higher price that rewards the minority 
shareholders, and whether the management has gone ahead and 
committed big capital towards projects that are uncertain that a lot of 
riskiness and there is no past experience. So, there is a big 
disappointment on that front. Any comments you would like to make 
there?  
 
Manish Kiri:  
I think. See the company has not been able to grow for 10 years, right 
#1. #2 you know when the company is changing drastically, its 
business operations and diversifying heavily into a new sector, you 
know there has always been a risk involved, right. And we have we 
are taking all essential steps to mitigate that risk. You are right, the 
risk is there. But if we succeed to overcome all these risk factors and 
we deliver and execute, you know the business performance what we 
have planned then, then as a shareholder, if you are prepared to be in 
a long term, you will be rewarded immensely. So, let me put it this 
way. So, when you see the company, you know which is growing 

somewhere close to 40 times where it is today, right and if you are 
prepared to wait through the journey, there would be a long-term 
view and there would be a reward on the long-term view. Please 
remember all shareholders have suffered and I apologize and I'm 
sorry that the litigation continued 10 years. So, we couldn't grow, we 
couldn't invest, we couldn't do certain things which we could have 
done in these 10 years. You know, but now the time has come where, 
where things can change and growth trajectory can start. #3 my point, 
please understand that the commitment of capital in equity as we 
speak now is about 50% of proceeds coming in and proceeds will be 
coming in by March so, dividend buyback, nothing is closed. So please 
be rest assured you know when the time comes, when the money 
comes, when we talk maybe the quarter ending March end, we would 
be speaking with a different objective at that time. So, all these 
options are feel open, please be rest assured and committed capital is 
almost half of the incoming capital which still company has other. So, 
you know there are possibilities to do other things. And we'll 
definitely look into what you just said that the shareholders have 
been waiting for 10 years and there's something that can be given and 
that's very well taken.  
 
Arun:  
Sure, sure. Thank you, Manish ji, for that and just want to reiterate 
that we have waited too long, 10 years while the markets have 
reasoned, but we have not been rewarded. So, this is the time for us 
has been rewarded. Please do consider and the board and do consider 
a buyback or a higher dividend amount. Thank you for that.  
 
Manish Kiri:   
Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Ayush, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Ayush:  
Hello Sir. I have a couple of questions. So, on the borrowing side, 
these ₹130 Mn facilities that we have availed, who is the lender in this 
facility? Is it a litigation finance sort of? And what are the interest 
rates that we are bearing for this?  
 
Manish Kiri:  
As I mentioned earlier, these are the, you know there's the judgment 
funding and the funds who do these kinds of activities, they are based 
overseas, out of India, in Singapore and it would cost back ended IRR 
based almost 15% to the company.  
 
Ayush:  
 
So, it would cost around 15%, you say?  
 
Manish Kiri:   
Correct. 
 
Ayush:  
 
And that would be 15% on dollar or INR?  

 
Manish Kiri:  
On dollar because the it's all dollar linked, the reserves dollar linked, 
the investment linked, you know the borrowing is dollar linked.  
 
Ayush:  
OK. And on the planned expenditure cycle, the basically are we using 
the same land facility that that are already there in the company or 
are we planning to buy a new land or we have we already purchased 
new land for the project that they are going to build?  
 
Manish Kiri:  
We already purchased this substantial new land already, which is 
there with the company and some more new land would also be 
purchased in future.  
 
Ayush:  
OK, understood. So, it will be very helpful if as a follow up if you can 
share a detailed presentation of what is the status of end use of 
funds, because if you are bearing such a huge interest amount, we 
would just want to be updated on that.  
 
Manish Kiri:  
Sure, sure. Definitely do so, yeah, we'll share a brief presentation on 
that, we'll do so. Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen. This was the last question for today's 
conference call. I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for their closing comments.  
 
Manish Kiri:  
Thanks to all of you for participating in today's conference call. All the 
best, we'll speak next quarter and meanwhile whatever is the 
significant development, will keep all the shareholders updated. 
Thank you so much.  
 
Moderator:  
On behalf of Kiri Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your line.  
  
 
