 
November 25, 2024 
 
To, 
The Manager - Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051 
 
Symbol: AARON 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call – Q2 H1 FY25 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letter dated November 13, 2024, and November 23, 2024, and pursuant 
to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
as amended, we would like to inform you that the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call 
held on November 22, 2024, to discuss the Financial Results for the Quarter and Half Year 
ended September 30, 2024, is available on the website of the Company. 
 
The web link to access the said transcript is: Click here 
 
It is further confirmed that no unpublished price-sensitive information was shared/discussed 
in the meeting / call.  
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Aaron Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Nitinkumar Maniya 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Maniya 
Nitinkumar 
Nanjibhai
Digitally signed by 
Maniya Nitinkumar 
Nanjibhai 
Date: 2024.11.25 
15:57:34 +05'30'

 
 
Transcript of Aaron Industries Limited Q2 & H1FY25 Earnings Call                            Page 1 of 17 
 
Aaron Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
November 22, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Good day, ladies & gentlemen and welcome to the Aaron Industries 
Limited Earning Call. All participants are currently muted. We’ll open the 
floor for questions after the management’s representation. Please note 
that the conference is being recorded. 
 
From Aaron Industries Limited, today we have with us Mr. Amar Doshi - 
Chairman & MD, Mr. Monish Doshi – CFO, Mr. Karan Doshi – Whole-
time Director and Mr. Paresh Naik – President of the Company. 
 
I now hand the meeting over to Mr. Amar Doshi – Chairman & MD for 
his opening words. Thank you and over to you sir. 
 
Amar Doshi: 
Good evening everyone. It’s a pleasure to welcome you all to our first 
ever investor conference call. On behalf of the entire team, I want to 
thank each of you for taking the time to join us. Your support, trust and 
belief in our vision mean a great deal to us, and we are excited to share 
our story and plans for the future with you. 
 
Before we dive in, let me take a moment to introduce Mr. Paresh Naik, 
President of the Company, is leading in strategy and business 
development having vast experience of more than 35 years in sales and 
marketing of IT, Telecom and distribution of products. Out of the 35 
years, last 20 years he was in Reliance Industries Limited as taking care 
of sales and distribution. Under his leadership, we are confident that our 
market reach will increase and we will foray into new avenues. 
 
As this is our first conference call, we want to take a moment to share 
our journey so far. We believe it's important for you to understand the 
roots of our business, the challenges we have overcome, and how these 
experiences have shaped the direction we are headed in today. 
 
To provide a deeper perspective of our journey, and to share some 
insight into our financial performance, I would like to invite Mr. Monish 
Doshi, our Executive Director, and CFO, to take the floor. Over to you, 
Monish Doshi. 
 
Monish Doshi: 
Thank you, Amar Doshi. Now let me take you back to where it all started. 
Our journey began in 2013, when our founder, Amar Doshi, saw a 
unique opportunity in the vertical transportation market here in India. 
At that time, elevator manufacturing in India faced 2 major challenges. 
First, a significant portion of components had to be imported which 

 
 
Transcript of Aaron Industries Limited Q2 & H1FY25 Earnings Call                            Page 2 of 17 
 
added cost and complexity. Second, there was a general lack of faith in 
Indian manufacturers as imported brands dominated the market. 
 
In addition to this, we saw another great opportunity. Many domestic 
elevator companies, despite having potential, were struggling to 
manufacture quality products due to lack of robust manufacturing units. 
The number of such companies in India was substantial, and we 
recognized the gap we could fill. Instead of viewing these domestic 
companies as competitors, we thought strategically and decided to 
target them as partners. We positioned ourselves as an OEM partner to 
empower these companies with high quality products, thereby helping 
them to compete on a level playing field with the industry leaders. This 
approach allowed us to add significant value to the ecosystem while 
creating new opportunities for growth. 
 
Overcoming these hurdles wasn't easy. It took us years of hard work and 
unwavering commitment to prove ourselves, build trust, and earn a 
reputation in the industry, but with persistence, innovation, and the 
support of a talented team, we carved out a space for ourselves. 
 
Through our creative and forward thinking approach, we soon gained a 
strong foothold in the Indian market. One of the defining movement in 
our journey was the introduction of our auto door systems a solution 
that few Indian companies could offer at the time. This innovation was 
widely embraced by customers across the country and allowed us to 
establish a truly Pan India presence. 
 
Another game changer for us was our decision to embrace backward 
integration in 2018. After successfully launching our public issue in that 
year, we began working on this strategic initiative to further strengthen 
our operations and address a gap in the market. With this vision, we set 
up a stainless steel polishing unit, which enabled us to reduce 
dependency on imports and start supplying polished stainless steel 
sheets directly to our customers and suppliers. What began as a 
strategic move to strengthen our operations quickly turned into a 
thriving business segment, expanding our reach and impact. 
 
Today, as we reflect on more than a decade in business, we are proud 
of how far we have come, but we are equally excited about what lies 
ahead. 
 
India, as you know, is one of the largest market for both elevators, and 
stainless steel consumption. With the country's infrastructural growth 
projected to accelerate rapidly over the next 10 years, the opportunities 
are immense. However, instead of relying on imports, we want to 
reverse the flow. Our vision is to develop high quality, innovative 
products here in India that not only meet domestic demands, but also 
enable us to export to other market across the globe. 

 
 
Transcript of Aaron Industries Limited Q2 & H1FY25 Earnings Call                            Page 3 of 17 
 
At the heart of our vision is a simple principle identifying the pain points 
of our customer and the industry and developing solutions that 
empower them to overcome their challenges. Innovation and 
sustainability have always been our driving force, and we will continue 
to stay true to this value as we move forward. 
 
Before wrapping it up, I would like to share some financial data with you 
all. 
 
Our journey of growth continues with yet another remarkable quarter: 
 
Revenue from operations surged by an impressive 30.64% year on year 
to ₹18.29 Crore. This reflect the increasing demand for our product and 
our ability to capture market opportunities effectively. 
 
EBITDA witnessed a robust growth of 48.90%, standing at ₹3.27 Crore. 
This was supported by operational efficiencies with our EBITDA margin 
improving to 17.87% compared to 15.68% in the same quarter last year. 
 
Profit before tax grew significantly by 75.96% year on year, reaching 
rupees ₹2.50 Crore. Profit after tax followed suit, growing by 52.01% 
year on year and stood at ₹1.82 Crore. Lastly, our earning per share 
increased to ₹1.72 a significant 56.36% growth year on year, delivering 
greater value to our shareholders. 
 
Half yearly performance. For the first half of this financial year, we have 
maintained strong growth momentum. 
 
Revenue from operations grew by 20.18%, reaching ₹35.48 Crore 
compared to ₹29.53 Crores in H1 FY2024. EBITDA rose by 32.53% to 
₹6.62 Crore, with EBITDA margin improving to 18.65% up from 16.91% 
in the same period Last year.  
 
Profit before tax increased by 40.09% year on year to ₹5.12 crore and 
profit after tax climbed to ₹3.69 Crore, a growth of 31.52% year on year. 
Earning per share for the half year stood at ₹3.50 up from ₹2.63, 
delivering a growth of 33.08% year on year. 
 
Now I would like to open the floor to questions. Please feel free to ask 
about anything, whether it is our journey, our current operations, or our 
plans for the future. We are here to share. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Mr. Jay Shuryavanshi, You can start with your question. 
 
Jay Suryavanshi: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Hello! Am I audible? 
 
Monish Doshi: 
Yeah. Good Afternoon. 
 

 
 
Transcript of Aaron Industries Limited Q2 & H1FY25 Earnings Call                            Page 4 of 17 
 
Jay Suryavanshi: 
Yeah, so congratulations for your 1st concall. 
 
Monish Doshi: 
Thank you. 
 
Jay Suryavanshi: 
So basically, I want to ask the question on what is the company's vision 
for next 3 to 5 years? 
 
Paresh Naik: 
Okay, yeah. Paresh Naik here. Good afternoon. Before answering this 
question, I would like to draw everybody's attention at the consistent 
revenue growth for the last 3 years that the company has delivered. The 
revenue growth has been 36% year on year. So this reflects the 
commitment of the company to grow every year by taking the right 
steps on the production and on the sales part. Now to enhance this and 
for the future growth, What we have done is that we have focused on 2 
aspects. One is production, and second is increase in our sales and 
distribution. So on the production front, We have invested largely into 
automatic machines. So this we has led to our increase in production, 
and we'll be doubling the production within 2 years. Plus on the 
distribution front, we have ensure to have distributors in large cities of 
every State. Today we have more than 12 distributors around the whole 
nation and we are even increasing our establishing warehouses. 
Warehouses help in delivering products at a very short notice wherever 
it is required. We have warehouses at present in Kolkata, in Ahmedabad, 
and we have a warehouse even in Indore we have distributors around 
the whole country. So the enhanced production and increased 
distribution will help us to grow year and year and we assure you that 
we will exceed the 36% growth that we have achieved in the last few 
years. Thank you. 
 
Jay Suryavanshi:  
Thank you, sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Mr. Prathamesh, you can ask your question now. 
 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: Yeah. So 1st of all, so congrats for the good set of numbers. So my 
question, I have couple of questions. So first, I'll start with the increasing 
capacity that we are going to do from 2,000 to 5,000. So currently, sir, 
at what capacity utilization we are running at, let's say, for 24. 
 
Karan Doshi: 
Hi, this is Karan here. So currently, we were actually producing 
somewhere between 1,800 to 2,000 doors a month and looking at the 
our capacity pre-installation of the new machine, We were actually 
running at around 80% of our capacity. Now, after once the new 
installation is into operational, We will be having in capacity of around 
5,000 rows a month and we look forward to increasing the Assembly 
lines, the sales like Mr. Paresh said the warehouses and the distribution 
network to, so that the capacity that we have actually installed, we hope 
to reach to fulfill those capacity, and get the maximum utilization of the 
machinery. 

 
 
Transcript of Aaron Industries Limited Q2 & H1FY25 Earnings Call                            Page 5 of 17 
 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: Okay, So the 5,000 auto doors is basically per month that we can 
produce. 
 
Karan Doshi: 
Right, Right. That is per month. 
 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: Okay and when so we expect to reach, you know, peak utilization. 
 
Karan Doshi 
That depends on actually how the market is supporting us and how fast 
means we are actually able to cope with all the may be the will require 
some more working capital and everything. So we are actually working 
on it but that might take us a couple of years, I mean so 2 or 3 years 
down the line, we look to utilize it completely, right and if we right 
achieve it before that, then it will be a good result for us also. 
 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: Okay and the customers that we have in this segment. So are this 
recurring customers, or like, how does it work? It's completely B2B? 
 
Paresh Naik: 
Yeah, see, Paresh here. Just to explain our business. We are purely into 
B2B. We are suppliers to the OEM. We are not installing the elevators. 
we are actually supplying to the companies who are installing elevators. 
So number one, it is purely B2B. Number 2, the best part of our business 
is that 80% of our customers are recurring customers. This recurring 
customers, have established trust in the last few years. They have so 
much of trust in our products and our after sales service that we are 
getting consistent business from throughout the India through a very 
large number of customers. So the dependency on one or two 
customers, or a very small segment is not there with us, so that is 
helping us to expand further because in every region, as we have those 
satisfied customers with their reference, we are driving business from 
other customers also in that state or in that city. Anything else? 
 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: Okay, got it. Yeah, so just last question on the stainless steel division 
side. So just wanted to know, what are the sheet and where are these 
sheets used? This PVC coatings, decorative SS sheets, and what's its 
contribution in overall revenue, as of now? 
 
Paresh Naik: 
Okay. So again, over here, I'll just brief you that elevator business is 
basically dependent on SS sheets. Any manufacturing that we do of the 
auto door or cabin, It is made out of SS sheets that is number one. These 
SS sheets are there are different processes that we have built in our 
factory, which add value to those SS sheets like polishing, like giving 
color by the process called PVD, where we get SS sheet in gold color, in 
rose gold color, in black and multiple other color shades. Then we even 
have our own designer sheet division from where we get the sheets, 
which has got various designs on it and we have our own embossing 
machine. So the embossed design is such a product which I can say, we 
have a monopoly. Nationally it is only one company, Jindal, which 
supplies the Embossed sheet. Till date it was import. The majority of the 

 
 
Transcript of Aaron Industries Limited Q2 & H1FY25 Earnings Call                            Page 6 of 17 
 
sheets which were of the designer category were imported. Now with 
our backward integration, and by establishing the whole factory setup, 
We are now able to give the import substitute and this helps in our 
elevator business also, because nowadays customers are going for a 
better aesthetic elevators. With the growing demand in the small 
bungalows and other segments, the customers are asking for designer 
cabins for which we are not dependent on the open market. We have 
our own division supplying us various types of sheets. So we are able to 
customize and for our own in-house consumption and we are even 
having we have built the capacity wherein we are even trading this 
sheets. So I hope this answers your question. 
 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: Yeah. Okay, yeah, right, sir. So on blended basis, it will increase our 
EBITDA margins if I am right. 
 
Monish Doshi: 
Sorry? 
 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: So with the help of this product, this SS sheets will it increase our EBITDA 
margins in coming time? 
 
Monish Doshi: 
Yeah, definitely, basically, this increase expansion of this backward 
integration has helped us in reducing our cost. Sorry. So 1st of all, it has 
helped us in reducing our cost. Second, this is all value addition, which 
we can do on SS, which very rare people in India are a very rare company 
in India can do that, so it will increase our EBITDA by value addition as 
well. Right now we have been more focused on fulfilling our in-house 
demand for steel but now, with the expansion of production, we'll be 
catering new customers as well where we can sell them at a higher price 
or with a higher margin. Even this sheets are used in interiors as well as 
exteriors of residential projects, or for hotels, so even that avenues will 
open once we are ready to penetrate those market. So definitely, it will 
help us in boosting the EBITDA margin. 
 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: So any ballpark figure you'd like to give, sir, on the margin side. 
Currently, I think we did somewhere around 17%. 
 
Monish Doshi: 
Yeah. Right now, for the near future, we'll be maintaining this figures 
only but once we are into complete production phase, this figures would 
improve quarter to quarter. 
 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: Okay, got it. So that's it from my side. Thank you. 
 
Monish Doshi: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Mr. Harshwardhan. 
 
Harshwardhan Pisal: Hello! Can you hear me? 
 

 
 
Transcript of Aaron Industries Limited Q2 & H1FY25 Earnings Call                            Page 7 of 17 
 
Monish Doshi: 
 Yeah. Hello. 
 
Harshwardhan Pisal: Yeah, yeah. 1st of all, congratulations for a profitable growth over last 
many years, 3 to 5 years. 
 
Monish Doshi: 
Thank you. 
 
Harshwardhan Pisal: Yeah. Yeah. My question is, what is the revenue breakdown of all your 
products? Which is the I mean, automatic doors contributes how much 
to the revenue overall revenue. 
 
Monish Doshi: 
Okay, So the automatic door systems contribute to around 58% this 
year, last year it was around 62%. Cabins contribute to around 14% this 
year and it was 13.6% last year and there are other components also, 
which we sell like for elevators also. So that goes around to 10% of the 
overall turnover and remaining everything is into stainless steel sheets 
where there are multiple finishes which we provide. 
 
Harshwardhan Pisal: Okay. And just some time back sir mentioned that you do some trading 
also on sheets. 
 
Monish Doshi: 
Yeah. 
 
Harshwardhan Pisal: What is the percentage of that income in overall revenue? 
 
Monish Doshi: 
So yeah, so that is around 15% of the total revenue. 
 
Harshwardhan Pisal: Okay. Okay. So I think, your elevator cabin must be having the highest 
margin. 
 
Monish Doshi: 
Yeah, right now, if you see based on the figures right now, the elevator 
business has the highest margin. But as I told that stainless steel division 
is full of value addition. So once the turnover from there increases, the 
revenue generation from stainless steel business increases. The margin 
can go better in that. 
 
Harshwardhan Pisal: Okay, okay. And this automatic doors you supply to the OEMs right? 
Like I saw some of your clients being named as technocraft right? 
 
Monish Doshi: 
Yeah. 
 
Harshwardhan Pisal: So apart from the glass, you do everything else. 
 
Monish Doshi: 
Sorry I didn't get you, sir. Could you repeat the question? 
 
Harshwardhan Pisal: Yeah, in automatic doors. 
 
Monish Doshi: 
Yeah. 

 
 
Transcript of Aaron Industries Limited Q2 & H1FY25 Earnings Call                            Page 8 of 17 
 
Harshwardhan Pisal: You do everything of stainless steel component, or you even do the 
doors as well. 
 
Monish Doshi: 
We even do the door mechanism as well. So the automatic door consists 
of 2 parts. One is the mechanism which helps the door to operate 
automatically, and the other is the door panels which we see. So that is 
made out of SS. So our whole customer base for auto door is a domestic 
players where they don't have the in-house facility of manufacturing. 
but there are, I could tell that there are almost like 5,000 companies in 
India, which are into elevators, but we will hardly know around 10 names 
of the industry leaders. So those 5,000 companies can be our customers, 
and to them we can supply our door systems, which they'll be using to 
install the lifts, and as based on their requirement. They have a regional 
presence but in that case we have a Pan India presence. 
 
Harshwardhan Pisal: Okay, okay, got it. And What is your future ambitions for this company? 
Say 5 year out, not large. But if may 5 to 10 year period ambition. May 
be it is okay if you haven't started working on it but what is your 
ambition? 
 
Monish Doshi: 
Like, Mr. Paresh said that for next 3 years we'll be majorly focusing on 
expanding our market reach but if you see about the 5 to 10 years, We 
have identified few avenues where we can enter, based on the sheet 
metal fabrication and the value addition of stainless steel polishing. Like, 
I said, that we can also cater to interior based products which are used 
in infrastructure. So in that case we'll be focusing on that in the future 
but right now we haven't finalized it, because our main focus will be to 
expand the market for the products which we have for the coming years. 
 
Harshwardhan Pisal: Okay. Okay, so, and this new machine which you have bought from 
Salvagnini. What is the future visibility of jobs on that machine itself? 
How long do you see that machine to be utilized completely for one 
year, two year? 
 
Karan Doshi: 
Hi, Karan here. So, as I said earlier, like we all from the capacity of 2,000 
sheets. From the capacity of 2,000, We have now new capacity of 5,000 
doors, and along with doors, It also considers, like the elevator cabins 
and some other stainless steel products that complement the elevator 
industry. But for fully utilization of the machine, I think the main part 
that we want to focus on is getting the orders for that. So if we the 
running I don't see after once it's operational. I don't see any problem 
with running the machine, but then it should not be generating 
inventories that we are not able to sell. So we are actually, yes, working 
on means solidifying our distribution network and looking for new areas 
where we can actually supply this those systems. right? But within 2 to 
3 years, that is our holistic view of how we should be reaching there. 
 
Harshwardhan Pisal: Okay, okay, okay, that's it from mine. 

 
 
Transcript of Aaron Industries Limited Q2 & H1FY25 Earnings Call                            Page 9 of 17 
 
Karan Doshi: 
Thank you 
 
Harshwardhan Pisal: Yeah, yeah, thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
I will take the next question from Mr. Sunil. 
 
Sunil Kateshiya: 
Yeah, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on all good 
sets of number. Am I audible?  
 
Karan Doshi: 
Yeah, yeah, thank you. Sunilji. 
 
Sunil Kateshiya: 
Yeah. So most of the questions are answered. What I had in my mind. 
Just wanted to understand, Out of 150 crore expansion which you have 
mentioned in your presentation what exactly we are spending on door 
related products, what you have explained that over a period of 2 to 3 
years. You are planning to increase the capacity to 5,000 doors, and so 
understand, if you possible, bifurcate 150 crore into different products, 
or something. 
 
Karan Doshi: 
Right, Right. So the new capacity of 150 crops we mentioned is actually 
considering this 5,000 doors that we manufacture, plus the capacity we 
have developed for the embossing line which we still haven't actually, 
we haven't started getting revenue on that but from next quarter we are 
hopeful that we'll start taking orders for that and so our breakup wise if 
you see, then elevator market is going from the 150 crores elevator 
market would be around 60 to 70% of that, whereas the stainless steel 
division would be contributing to between 30 to 40%. 
 
Sunil Kateshiya: 
Okay, understood. One more question on the client base which you 
have mentioned, saying that just now, I mean answering to the previous 
person, you have mentioned that you have various clients, and you 
don't have a threat to the business and all but in your presentation you 
mentioned in weakness, saying that dependence on few key clients for 
revenue? Is this something confusing in your presentation? 
 
Paresh Naik: 
Yeah, I would like to clarify on that. It says that see, always there are 
some top customers, so in any industry there are some top customers, 
but the good part with us is that we have a very broad network of 
customers. So the dependency is not very high on the basic on few 
customers. That is why we have ramped up our distribution setup and 
we are establishing the warehouses. Till last financial year, Yes, there 
were few major customers on whom we had the dependency, but now 
it is not so we have more than 1,500 customers at present, who are 
buying products from us, from which more than 70% are consistent 
buyers. So you know, I would like to clarify that yes, we have some 
customers who are our, we can say that they are our large customers. 
But we do not have any threat. 

 
 
Transcript of Aaron Industries Limited Q2 & H1FY25 Earnings Call                            Page 10 of 17 
 
Sunil Kateshiya: 
Understood. Got it. One more question on market share. What is the 
current market share we have and what we are planning to achieve. 
 
Monish Doshi: 
See, If we look at the whole picture domestic market, then it is more 
than 40,000 crore of market, that is, India as a whole. So elevator market, 
So there is a huge demand, and we are the beginners. So as the demand 
is there, and we have a very clear vision of setting up a very big 
manufacturing plant, which we have already done. So we'll be able to 
supply to a large segment. That will be in phases. At present I would say 
that our market share would be minuscule, but as the demand is there, 
we'll be able to improve the market share without any doubt. 
 
Sunil Kateshiya: 
I, yeah, looking at the presentation and the designs which we have 
mentioned on the website, I understand that we are producing a high 
quality and good quality of design doors which we are supplying it to 
the customers. Correct? So that's what the specialty we have but looking 
at the other commercial elevators and all, I am sure there are a number 
of suppliers who do not get into the quality design and all, and they just 
want plain metal sheet and all. So again, when you are talking about 
40,000 crore market share market for this particular business. Are you 
sure that the designer doors which we are producing have certain 
number of you know market, or we will be looking into the plane door 
market also in future? 
 
Paresh Naik: 
See, I'll just take it in detail this question. As I explained earlier, our 
strength is in value addition. That does not mean that we do not make 
the plain vanilla doors. Yes, that is also manufactured by us. We started 
with that but we did this backward integration, and we built our own 
capacity. We have the expertise in making those designer sheets that is 
at an advantage to us and to the customer because we are able to 
customize as per the demand. In the recent trend, the stainless steel 
streets and the designer cabins are in demand from the bungalow 
segment and from the low rise commercial segments from even the 
malls they are, and even the showrooms. If you go to any big showroom, 
they have a very nice designer cabin installed. So all this, and even the 
architects, are now asking the inquiries coming for having a facade or 
having a backdrop at the reception by the designer sheets. See over 
here, the advantage is that the designer sheets are from the SS. So there 
is very less chances of corrosion, and the durability is very high. So all 
these things are actually helping us. I hope this answers. 
 
Sunil Kateshiya: 
Yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely and thank you so much. That's all from my 
end and all the best for the future. 
 
Paresh Naik: 
Thank you. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Mr. Dakshay.  
Mr. Smith, you can ask your question. 

 
 
Transcript of Aaron Industries Limited Q2 & H1FY25 Earnings Call                            Page 11 of 17 
 
Smit Doshi: 
Hi, good evening. So my 1st question is regard to raw material price and 
hedging side and how we manage. Is there any pass through contract 
or with the customer or we take that risk on ourselves and we do 
hedging so on that side? That is 1st question. 2nd question is with regards 
to Capex side. So we have done on 50 crore rupees of Capex and what 
is the projected Capex next year? With regards to working capital and 
on the fixed machinery side. So you can answer, please. 
 
Karan Doshi:  
Hi, Karan here. Mr. Smith, I just so the 1st question is regarding the raw 
material we are purchasing right? So if we have any contracts with any 
companies for that? Right? Am I right? 
 
Smit Doshi: 
Yes, yes. 
 
Karan Doshi: 
Okay. So the raw material actually, we are purchasing the stainless steel 
Mainly, it's stainless steel, 304. So that is locally means from India. If we 
are buying it, then that is from Jindal and the other but like 60 to 70% 
of our raw material, It is getting imported from other companies, like 
other countries like Vietnam, Indonesia, Malaysia, so as such we don't 
have a contract with them. Hello! Yeah. So we actually, we don't have 
right now. We don't have any contracts with this kind of companies but 
then we look at the which company is giving the raw material the best 
price? And what is the delivery time we are expecting? And according 
to that, we actually plan our supplies. 
 
Smit Doshi: 
So I'm just adding 1 point to get more clarification on my question. 
What I am asking is, you are purchasing commodating steel and other 
components, right? So from purchase to delivery, there would be a price 
fluctuation of 4, 5%. So Is there any pass through contract with 
customer? Or we have to bear that. 
 
Karan Doshi: 
Okay on the customer side. So like, actually, the raw material that we're 
buying and then we are doing some value addition on it right? Because 
when we are good taking the stainless steel, we may be we are 
Fabrication is a part of value addition, and then may be the making the 
sheet decorative is a part of value addition. So with all this actually value 
additional, it's not like we are selling it on a commodity basis. We have 
our own margins and if there is a fluctuation means reasonable 
fluctuation in the stainless steel market, we do not have this, We do not 
have to worry about the cost of supplying to our customers but when 
yes, of course, when the there is a general trend of when this raw 
material has increased by quite a proportion, then we do revise our 
prices accordingly and most of the time what happens is in our industry, 
the delivery time and the ordering time is between one month to one 
and a half month. So generally, if there is any large scale this difference 
in the cost then we can start taking the new orders with that with a new 
cost. So it's balanced in that way. 
 

 
 
Transcript of Aaron Industries Limited Q2 & H1FY25 Earnings Call                            Page 12 of 17 
 
Smit Doshi: 
On the side of Capex. Next 12 months. 
 
Karan Doshi: 
Okay the Capex on the means most of the expansion that we had 
planned to do is will be getting over by end of this quarter, maybe some 
just complementary expansion, some maybe some minor experiments 
capex is required in the next quarter or something. But it's mostly done 
so we are not seeing to increase in the Capex from next quarter. 
 
Smit Doshi: 
Okay and working after side as we have projecting from 2,000 doors to 
5,000 doors per month. So there will be substantial increase in the 
working capital side, because we have inventory days of around 50 days. 
So 5 months of revenue will be stuck in the inventory. So there will be 
huge demand for working capital. How are we planning to manage this? 
 
Karan Doshi: 
Yeah. So for answering that like, the new machine, we are actually have 
installed. It gives us a quite of leverage on the manufacturing time. So 
the currently, where what we were actually manufacturing within a 15 
to 20 day period, with the help of this machinery we will be reducing 
this time from 5 to 7 days. So in that way, actually, we will be rotating 
our inventory faster and actually, once with the spare capacity we have 
we'll be taking orders and when lining up the orders in a way so that we 
do not have to actually increase the what you call the inventory cost will 
be focusing more on balancing the inventory and getting the inventory 
rotated on faster basis. 
 
Smit Doshi: 
Okay, okay and as you said that from order to delivery, we are taking 
only 1 to 1.5 months. So why, there is an inventory level of 150 days are 
we stocking raw material and then we supply from time to time basis or 
is there any other model which we are following? 
 
Karan Doshi: 
No, means one of the reasons for actually keeping our raw materials on 
a little higher side is because of the uncertainties that actually, it's 
happening in the throughout the world. So we have seen a time on the 
covid time. So may be it means when this few crisis happened that the 
raw material wasn't available easily, or the cost for raw material was very 
high. So we are actually planning, I mean, for I mean strategically, we 
have actually increased our raw material to keep at a certain level, so 
that we do not have to incur heavy cost for this. The second thing is 
some of our products are like on the shelf products, so that the 
customer actually demands it means if he has a payment ready for it, 
then the payment is done, and the same day, actually, we deliver this 
kind of products like the stainless steel doors, which are means on the 
basic, stainless steel doors which are a running item then we keep it on 
the shelf, and we have it stocked in our go downs also, like we have 
established this warehouses. So we have stopped it over there also. So 
all this, actually, the cycle time for actually purchasing raw material and 
getting it to the delivered at the end means the working capital. If you 
see it's around i think 90 days, and I think that is means the working 

 
 
Transcript of Aaron Industries Limited Q2 & H1FY25 Earnings Call                            Page 13 of 17 
 
capital we have been managing from since even though we have been 
growing our business. This is the working capital days we are actually 
managing. 
 
Smit Doshi: 
And I have seen your top customer list in your presentation but I 
actually, if you see in around ourselves the we find schindler lifts, or 
thyssenkrupp lift, we are not seeing that in your customer table, so are 
they were backward integrated, or they are supplying from they are 
taking supply from other vendors. 
 
Paresh Naik: 
Yeah, Paresh here. See, the in this elevator, the whole elevator business, 
there are few players who have a national presence, and few are who 
have come to India. The MNCs. At present, the market that we are 
catering to is the installers, who are not amongst these companies, but 
with enhanced capacity, we are now planning to even supply to them 
that is in the form of contract manufacturing. We will be doing the 
contract manufacturing for them. So that stage has now come, So by 
next year we are even going to approach to them. At present there was 
enough demand from the regional elevator companies, and they were 
buying from us. So, we did not have any spare capacity to go to any big 
companies who have got a very big demand, and they also squeeze us 
a lot on our margins. So this was a strategic move that we were holding 
ourselves, and as we had enough orders on our books, so we did not 
touch them but now yes, in the next financial year we also have few 
inquiries, and we'll be now handling them. 
 
Smit Doshi: 
Actually, we are expanding from 2,000 doors to 5,000 doors. We are 
doing a massive expansion. We are investing 150 crore rupees. So what 
gives you that much confidence that we will be able to meet our 
capacity expansion fulfillment? So actually, I want to know your 
philosophy or thought process behind that mega expansion. So what 
gives you confidence? Actually, that is what I am trying to. 
 
Paresh Naik: 
I'll go in detail on that. The confidence that we have in our expansion is 
because the demand in the market. The demand in the market is huge, 
and the demand will even grow further by due to the urbanization which 
is going up, the multi-story buildings which are being made because 
the increase in population, the cities do not have that much of space, 
So the vertical growth is coming in all the segments. New segments are 
adding us as I said, the bungalow segment, where elevator is now not a 
luxury, but it has become a necessity. So because of all these factors, I'm 
sure, other than those multinationals also, we have a huge market to 
cater to. That is why we have increased our distribution so that we can 
reach to every corner of the nation. And I'm sure this will help us a lot, 
and we'll be able to consume the total capacity that we have built in 
manufacturing. 
 
Smit Doshi: 
Okay, got it. Thank you. Thank you very much from my side. Thank you. 

 
 
Transcript of Aaron Industries Limited Q2 & H1FY25 Earnings Call                            Page 14 of 17 
 
Paresh Naik: 
Yeah, thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Mr. Prathamesh. 
 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: Yeah, sir. As you mentioned in your presentation, we are going to do 
incremental top line of around 150 crores from door division. So by 
When are we expecting this, sir? 
 
Monish Doshi: 
Hi. So this incremental we are expecting within 3 years, because once 
the expansion phase ends and the production starts, will be catering 
new market will be spending our distribution channel as we said, that 
already we are into development of that. So within 3 years we can reach 
that quantum. 
 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: Okay, and any overall top line guidance. You'll like to give. 
 
Monish Doshi: 
Yeah, definitely, the top line will be on a upper scale because of all the 
setup which is required to grow any company, we have already on the 
verge of completing that. So now our target is just to increase the 
market reach and penetrate as much as we can. So definitely. It is going 
to be on a higher side. 
 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: Okay, a similar level to the our past performance of 30 to 35%. 
 
Monish Doshi: 
Yeah, we are positive about it and hopefully, it should be better than 
that also, we'll be targeting to increase that percentage also. 
 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: Okay, sir. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Mr. Jignesh. 
 
Jignesh V: 
Yes, and you explained that you will approach top place for contract 
manufacturing. So wanted to understand all these players are already 
taking material from other players your competitors. So is there a 
process where you need to get empaneled and will it take time to get 
that empanelment done. 
 
Paresh Naik: 
Yes, yes, that will take time. That is why I said that today we have our 
order books full. So parallelly, We are approaching these MNCs and the 
National players for empenelment. So its own time but that will not 
affect our sales, and it will not even affect my production capacity. I not 
have any access, because we have enough market, and enough demand. 
So this process is we have initiated that, and we have a few companies 
with whom we have started the discussion. So I hope in the next 
financial year we should be able to declare those tie ups also. 
 

 
 
Transcript of Aaron Industries Limited Q2 & H1FY25 Earnings Call                            Page 15 of 17 
 
Jignesh V: 
Okay and broadly, the revenues since in last year, or may be 1 or 2 years 
back, your main focus is on Gujarat, Rajasthan, and Maharashtra? and 
slowly you are going to the state? 
 
Paresh Naik:  
Yes, yes, yes. It was more on these States, because 1st of all, due to the 
proximity to Gujarat state, It may be occur so we could focus more on 
that. That was strategic, because, 1st of all, I should be strong in my own 
territory, and then I go out for expansion. So we did it strategically that 
1st of all, let me cater to the market, where I'll be able to reach the fastest 
so, and the customers from all these regions, they gave us a very good 
response. So because of this, we were encouraged to increase our 
production capacity and parallelly we have increased our distribution 
also. 
 
Jignesh V: 
Right, and this stainless steel embossing that you mentioned. Apart 
from Jindal, no one is doing in India. 
 
Paresh Naik:  
No, there is no manufacturer in India. 
 
Jignesh V: 
Okay. So, going forward, can it happen that you also can become a 
supplier to Jindal? or you will do it in your independent brand? 
 
Paresh Naik:  
No, We will do it in as an independent brand itself because of our hard 
work that we have put in establishing this, then there is no point diluting 
my own image and supplying to Jindal, because Jindal as a player is very 
huge and we would not like to go into their fold rather we will do it on 
our own and establish our own name. So that is our present but yes, if, 
Jindal, we have a contract manufacturing setup, then we can supply to 
Jindal also. 
 
Jignesh V: 
Okay. And since your capex is getting completed and you are getting 
you have a very good order book. So any future Capex on your drawing 
board or you will take time to may be a year or now to form up your 
further plans. 
 
Paresh Naik:  
See, Mr. Karan Doshi, gave a reply on this earlier to earlier question, I 
will repeat the same. 
 
Jignesh V: 
So, okay. 
 
Paresh Naik:  
In this financial year, we have completed our major expansion. So in the 
next financial year, we do not have any plans for any major capex. We 
will be focusing more on expanding our business and establishing more 
distributors and warehouses. So that is all. No major Capex plan. 
 
Jignesh V: 
And to understand your going forward, your revenue will be a mix of 
elevators and stainless steel, and in elevators also in you would be doing 
kind of contract manufacturing, so that contract manufacturing margin 

 
 
Transcript of Aaron Industries Limited Q2 & H1FY25 Earnings Call                            Page 16 of 17 
 
would be a bit lower than your normal business. So with stainless steel 
coming in, is my assessment right that your margin will remain stable, if 
not increase because of contract manufacturing? 
 
Paresh Naik:  
Yeah See! Contract manufacturing, see in any business, there are, we 
have to balance the top line and the bottom line. So the top line will 
come from all these huge numbers that we can get from contract 
manufacturing, and the bottom line will come from all the value 
addition that we do on the stainless steel and the products that we 
customize. So we'll balance it accordingly. We will not let the bottom 
line go. 
 
Jignesh V: 
Right right understood. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the last question from Mr. Smith. 
 
Smit Doshi: 
Thank you for opportunity. Actually from out of total elevator cost, How 
much our product constitute out of ₹1,000 of elevator, How much 
product value which we provide, doors and cabins and everything. 
 
Monish Doshi: 
So, I just want to confirm that you are asking in elevator, how much 
valuation does our product have right? For a lift. Am I right? 
 
Smit Doshi: 
Yes, yes. 
 
Monish Doshi: 
Yeah. Okay. So if you see the complete elevator including all the 
components, then our product almost covers 30 to 35% of that. But if 
we are talking about high rise, then that portion goes to around 40 to 
45%, because the number of doors increases based on the vertical 
height of elevator required. So for bungalows, if we talk, that is, G plus 
2, G Plus 3, it would suffice around 35%, and for high rises it would go 
up based on the number of flows but that would be close to 40 to 45%. 
 
Smit Doshi: 
And are we expecting any further leverage on the balance sheet 
incoming one year on the working computer side, or on the long term 
right side. 
 
Monish Doshi: 
Could you repeat? Please. 
 
Smit Doshi: 
Are we expecting any further leverage on the balance sheet side from 
with respect to long term debt, or on the short term debt? 
 
Monish Doshi: 
No, right now, we are not looking into it. We are not expecting for the 
next 2 years yet. 
 
Smit Doshi: 
Capital demand from our internal accruals only. 
 
Monish Doshi: 
Could you repeat? Please. 

 
 
Transcript of Aaron Industries Limited Q2 & H1FY25 Earnings Call                            Page 17 of 17 
 
Smit Doshi: 
We will meet our working capital requirement from our internal accruals 
only. 
 
Monish Doshi: 
Yeah, yeah, definitely. We were increasing our borrowing major scale. 
we'll be basically, we'll be controlling our debt to equity ratios and with 
the increase in revenue, we'll be reducing the debt which we have right 
now in our cash flows as well with the revenue, increases. 
 
Smit Doshi: 
Got it. Got it. Thank you. 
 
Monish Doshi: 
Alright. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
I would now like to hand over the conference to Mr. Monish Doshi for 
the closing comments. 
 
Monish Doshi: 
Okay, ladies and gentlemen, as we conclude today's conference call, I 
would like to extend my heartfelt appreciation to all of you for taking 
the time to join us and engage with our company. Your interest and 
confidence in our vision are invaluable to us, and we truly appreciate 
your thoughtful questions and insights throughout the session.  
 
As a public limited company we remain committed to creating long 
term values for our shareholders while upholding the highest standards 
of transparency, performance, and accountability. Your continued trust 
and support inspire us to push forward with our strategies and deliver 
results that benefits our stake. All stakeholders.  
 
If you have any further questions or require additional information. 
Please don't hesitate to reach out to our investor relationship team. 
Once again, thank you for your time, trust and believe in our company. 
We look forward to a brighter future together.  
 
Have a wonderful evening. Thank you. Thank you all. Thank you all. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect from the 
meeting. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been 
edited for clarity and also added a few opening lines that were not recorded due to some 
technical error. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been 
made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
