 
Cyient DLM Limited               Mysore Office                                          Registered Office                                                   
                                  Plot no.347, D1 &2, KIADB                    Plot No.5G, Survey No.99/1                       www.cyientdlm.com                  
                                  Electronics City, Hebbal Industrial      Mamidipalli Village,                                      Company.Secretary@cyientdlm.com 
                                  Area, Mysore 570 016,                          GMR Aerospace & Industrial Park,             T: +91 8214282222/4004500 
 
                Karnataka, India                                      Rajiv Gandhi International Airport             F: +91 8214000369 
                                                                                                      Shamshabad, Hyderabad – 500 108          CIN: L31909TG1993PLC141346 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
24 October 2024 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
PJ Towers, 25th Floor, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai 400001. 
Mumbai-400 051. 
Scrip Code: 543933 
 
 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: CYIENTDLM 
 
 
Sub: Transcripts of Earnings Call   
 
 
Please find enclosed transcripts of earnings conference call, in connection with Q2FY25 Financial Results 
held on 21 October 2024.  
 
This information will also be hosted on the Company’s website, at www.cyientdlm.com  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
 
Thank You 
For Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
S. Krithika  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Krithika S
Digitally signed by 
Krithika S 
Date: 2024.10.24 11:57:30 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Cyient DLM Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 21, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KRISHNA BODANAPU – NON-EXECUTIVE 
CHAIRMAN – CYIENT DLM LIMITED 
 
MR. ANTHONY MONTALBANO – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – CYIENT DLM LIMITED 
 
MR. SHRINIVAS KULKARNI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – CYIENT DLM LIMITED 
 
 
 

      
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Cyient DLM Limited Q2 FY25 Results 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on 
your touchtone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Krishna 
Bodanapu, Non-Executive Chairman, Cyient DLM Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Thank you and good evening ladies and gentlemen. I am delighted to welcome you to Cyient 
DLM Limited's earnings call for quarter two FY ‘25. Present with me on this call are our CEO, 
Anthony Montalbano and CFO, Shrinivas Kulkarni. Before we begin, I would like to mention 
that some of the statements made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature and may 
involve risks and uncertainties. A detailed presentation in this regard is available in our Investor 
Update which would be posted on our website. 
In our Q1 investor call, we had specified that some of the deliverables were getting shifted from 
Q1 to Q2. I am pleased to share that our Q2 revenue performance is in line with our expectations 
and Shrini will present more details in a few minutes. This is in line with the expectation that we 
had that some of the revenue was getting shifted from Q1 to Q2 and that has come to bear. The 
conflict in the Middle East is causing some impact to our business and to our supply chain 
especially and this has been the case for a few quarters now. 
 
But I also want to reiterate that our suppliers and customers are extending their support to keep 
the impact on the business minimum and we continue to see very little impact, though that is 
something that we are having to manage very closely. Our pipeline continues to be healthy with 
key deals getting closer to finalization. We continue to add new logos in Q2 and I want to 
emphasize that we have developed the right number of resources to grow our engagements with 
key clients at a faster pace. 
 
I am also excited to share an important update on inorganic growth. As we announced earlier 
this month, we acquired an EMS company, Altek Electronics, based out of Connecticut in the 
US. Through Altek, we now offer the right blend of competencies, geographic presence and 
capabilities that supports our growth strategy. This move is completely aligned with the voice 
of the customer, i.e., the customers asking us for capability and capacity in the US. 
And I am confident that the synergy benefits from this acquisition will make a significant impact 
on our performance in due course. With focus on an exciting journey ahead, I now hand over 
the call to Anthony and Srini to provide more updates on the business and financial performance. 
Anthony Montalbano: 
Great. Thank you, Krishna. So, I'll start with the acquisition of Altek Electronics. This was 
clearly a key high point of the quarter. As previously announced, Altek is based in Connecticut. 
They have a very long history since the early 70s of providing high-value electronics 

      
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
manufacturing services. They focus primarily in medical industrial segments and also are well 
suited to continue their support in defense area as well. 
We find this very complementary to our offering and also helps provide a little bit of further 
segment diversity into our overall portfolio. 80,000 square feet of manufacturing, over 200 
employees and also room to expand and very healthy financial metrics for that business. As we 
looked at various and continue to look at various companies that could potentially become part 
of Cyient DLM. 
For us, the value proposition needs to include having a similar type of DNA in the business 
where our clients who do business with us today in India would feel very confident having their 
type of business being supported in a similar type of operation in other geographies. And Altek 
Electronics is definitely representative of this. And we see this as an important part of our 
strategy going forward as we build upon that business and leverage those opportunities. 
 
As we've highlighted, the geographic presence with clients is a unique part of this where many 
of our clients today have parts of their portfolio that they would need a North American solution 
on. And so these clients now have an opportunity to provide these services through Cyient DLM. 
It allows us to expand that offering and continue to grow that business in India as well as in 
North America. 
 
In addition, Cyient and Altek does bring to Cyient overall some very key logos that are very 
much industry leading and that will play a key part into the expansion of that business. And then 
also, we see an opportunity where part of the work that we do in aero and defense can now also 
have channels within the North American market from a delivery manufacturing perspective. So 
all this aligns to really the capabilities that continue to get broadened now including ITAR work 
that can be supported out of this location. 
 
And as we see our business expanding into build-to-spec type opportunities, this plays very well 
into working with our clients closer on really going from design through manufacturing of their 
own products regardless if that's going to be done overseas or in North American markets. 
Getting a little bit more specific onto the type of capabilities, Altek is very much a high value 
EMS provider. Really everything from PCBA through engineering support for complex 
assemblies, they do MPI. 
 
They are really in the high mix, low volume, low-to-mid volume sector very similar type of 
profile to what you'll find in Cyient DLM's core business. So a lot of the business metrics, way 
of managing clients, way of managing complex programs, very high quality requirements, all 
these aspects that our current client base expects from us are very much similar to how Altek's 
business has really been running for decades now. And again, the very high level of 
manufacturing capabilities that come into that site will be leveraged going forward.  
 
Moving forward, looking at some other key highlights for the business, we have added two more 
new logos in this quarter, a defense contract in India and also a global oil services company. 
This gives us access through many Fortune 500 companies through the acquisition of Altek and 

      
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
adding these two new logos is key as part of this. We also did receive some business award 
acknowledged by IPC for the work that we've done in the industry. 
 
Looking at our growth strategy, especially as now we've completed our first inorganic play as 
part of Cyient DLM, it really comes down to our growth is still going to be on our core business. 
And that really comes down to -- what we do in working with some of our larger contracts with 
key clients. We do have a focus on Indian defense that we're getting a lot of traction and 
increasing pipeline in as well. 
 
Also, the build specification type of offering, this is something that is really starting to drive a 
bit of a shift in terms of it'll start to have an impact, especially in the coming fiscal year on the 
types of programs we deliver. Our inorganic expansion, again, we just announced Altek and this 
very much aligns to the initiatives that we've highlighted before and what we look for in terms 
of capability in geo and clients. And as we look at further acquisitions in these regions or other 
regions, it'll continue along the addition of the similar priorities. 
 
Proximity to clients, additional capabilities that align with the growth that we're seeing in the 
business. I think we can go to the next slide. That really highlights the business, summarizes the 
business overview. And again, it was a significant quarter for us in that regard. Let me turn it 
over to our CFO, Srinivas, in terms of addressing some of the finance updates for the business 
this quarter. 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
Thank you, Anthony. I'll first talk about the acquisition impact, the financials of acquisition that 
we did recently. Some of these have been reported in the past, but just for the sake of refreshing, 
we did an upfront payment of about $23.4 million. And there is an earn-out that's also payable, 
which is capped at 5.85. The total payout for this asset will be at the maximum earn-out of $29.2 
million. This is an asset, as we saw in the earlier slides, a double-digit EBITDA company. It 
provides us an ROC of more than 15%. 
 
The acquisition will also be EPS-accredited from FY26. In FY25, we will have a one-time 
transaction cost, which is reported at the end of Q3 when we have the financials. In terms of 
their revenue by service type, they do a fair bit of PCBA and box build, which is highlighted in 
the pie chart below. 
And the industry mix, this is where I think it diversifies our overall portfolio. More than 95% of 
their business currently is industrial and medical. And these are the two areas where we have 
seen lesser growth compared to our growth in aerospace and defense. So this acquisition is also 
critical in that aspect of diversifying the portfolio. 
Coming to the organic performance of the business for the quarter, we did a revenue of INR3894 
million, which is a growth of 33.4% year-on-year. Our EBITDA stood at INR316 million, which 
is also a growth of 34.4% year-on-year. EBITDA margin stood at 8.1%, which is margin mildly 
up by or flattish compared to year-on-year. What we have is the PAT at INR15.5 crores or 
INR155 million, which is a year-on-year growth of 5.5%. 
The gap between EBITDA and PAT is largely because of the higher finance costs we have 
incurred. Owing to the fact that our free cash flow has been negative in the first half of the year, 

      
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
we have had to borrow funds, which we plan to liquidate in the second half of the year as the 
cash flow turns positive. 
 
So the finance cost is a bit higher than what we had anticipated in the first half of the year. Order 
backlog is at INR1,979 crores. This is lower quarter-on-quarter by INR147.7 crores. Now, we 
have explained this in the past, there is lumpiness in the business. One large order which we are 
consuming very fast and that's partly the reason why the order backlog on a sequential basis 
shows a decline. 
But as we move along and consume that order, from that point onwards, we start seeing a 
recovery in this order backlog. PAT margin was 4%, which is lower year-on-year due to the 
finance cost which I explained. The next chart sort of gives a trend. I want to call out one thing. 
As you see in both revenue and EBITDA, usually we have a bit of a seasonality between H1 and 
H2. 
So I think we have to look at it from that perspective. So our H1 typically is a bit lower than H2. 
So that is the same trajectory we are seeing for the current year. And EBITDA percentage is a 
bit lower in H1. But on a full-year basis, our EBITDA is likely to be flat year-on-year. And we 
already spoke about PAT. That will also show an improved trajectory in H2 as revenue and 
EBITDA peaks. 
Looking at some of the working capital metrics and the key trends on other aspects of the 
business, we see the DIO has sharply declined quarter-on-quarter from 184 days to 122 days. As 
you all know the 184 days was also because of the lower revenue we had in Q1. And as the 
revenue has picked up that number has come back in control. Of course, this is still not at the 
ideal inventory days that we wish to operate at. 
Our goal internally is to get to about 90 days to 100 days of DIO and we have an action plan and 
we are working through the steps to get to that level on a sustainable basis. DSO has again 
decreased quarter-on-quarter from 92 days to 82 days. We have further scope for improvement 
even in DSO which we will talk about in the coming quarters as we scale through. Customer 
advance is at 20 days and this is the sort of change in mix in the business. 
I think the sort of orders we are getting now, the customer advances are going to be lower and 
that will sort of reflect from an inventory perspective as well. But for now, the newer orders that 
we are getting are not where the customers are willing to give an advance. So we see a decline 
in that number as well. So net-net, I think from a networking capital perspective, we've seen a 
fair bit of improvement this quarter, but it's a job half done. We are very cognizant of that. What 
we will do in the coming quarters is continue to improve on this metric. 
A quick look at the mix. The industry mix is largely the same. We have had impressive growth 
in aerospace and defense. And therefore, that's a large piece of the pie right now. Of course, the 
point we made earlier on the Altek acquisition is that sort of balances the portfolio well. So this 
is only the view of the organic part of the business. In terms of product categories, there has not 
been any considerable shift from the earlier quarters. The export-domestic shift is very stark in 

      
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
favor of domestic this time largely because of the one defense order that we are executing at a 
faster pace. This is not the norm.  
We will come back to about 70% export and 30% domestic as we stabilize. This is an unusual 
quarter where the domestic mix was very, very high. This is just the same financials which I 
presented. I'll just highlight on the H1 performance since we saw the Q2 performance already. 
So if you look at a half-year to half-year basis, we've had a growth of 27.2% on revenue. Our 
EBITDA has grown by 18.6% and our profit after tax has grown by 31% year-on-year on a half-
yearly basis. So that is sort of the top performance summary for Q2 as well as for the first half 
of this financial year.  
Last slide is on the usage of the IPO proceeds. We have utilized a further 39 million on working 
capital this quarter. What you will see here is that the inorganic through acquisitions as well as 
the general corporate purposes are still shown as unutilized. That's because this report is as of 
30th September. Next quarter you will see that fully utilized. So one of the big objectives of 
doing the IPO was to have inorganic growth in our business and we are very happy to note that 
we have successfully concluded that aspect.  
This is the financial summary. I'll pause here and then we will turn it back to final questions and 
answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have the first 
question from the line of Dipak Saha from KR Choksey Shares & Securities Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Dipak Saha: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So my first question is we are seeing that debt levels have risen in 
the first half and you mentioned largely for the working capital requirements since the cash flows 
are expected to turn better in the second half. So my question is since this acquisition is there 
and we have mentioned earlier that we might need to finance it partly with debt and rest with 
cash. So do we see any further, I mean from here the debt level do we see any further probability 
of debt levels going up for rest of the year? We can share some color. For full year, what kind 
of debt levels we should look at 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
So Dipak I think the debt level will certainly go down as we generate positive cash in the 
business. The debt we took for the M&A was for very specific reason and there I think we should 
look at it from the perspective of the performance of the inorganic business on that part of the 
P&L. We have taken that debt, it's a long term debt to fund the M&A and the returns from that 
asset will more than surpass the sort of the debt funding or the cost that is required to service 
that debt. The comment on the debt level going down is more from the organic business 
perspective. There we will see a reduction in the debt as we generate positive cash for the rest 
of the year.  
Dipak Saha: 
And so pardon me if I heard it wrong, but I believe you said somewhere EBITDA margins 
probably remain flat. Is that what you alluded in your opening remarks? 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
Yes, I said year on year we can expect the EBITDA to be flat. So we have had only 8.5% in the 
first half whereas last year we did about 9.2% on a full year basis. So what we expect is on a 

      
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
year-on-year basis we will have better EBITDA in H2 which means for the full year we will be 
very comparable with what we did in FY24. 
Dipak Saha: 
So one of the earlier comments in your previous con call was that probably we are looking for 
double digit EBITDA margin for the full year FY25. So that is certainly a delay to FY26. Is it a 
right understanding? 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
No, I mean we are very close to that number Dipak. So we are not giving guidance here. So what 
will happen is we will be somewhere closer to the double-digit number. We will definitely end 
the year with double-digit. And it all depends on how much we are able to sort of further optimize 
on some of the costs etcetera. in H2. We might even hit double-digit. So we are not giving that 
number. What we are saying is at a minimum we will remain flat year-on-year basis. 
Dipak Saha: 
And sir, on the Middle East side, if you can share some little bit of depth in terms of what is the 
extent of impact. Is it the raw material prices or just the timely time concerns which are 
impacting the business? If you can just share certain understanding how this is impacting and 
are we largely fine with it or it's still there? 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
I was not clear with your question Dipak. Can you please say that again? 
Dipak Saha: 
I am asking in your opening remarks, some of you mentioned that from Middle East, especially 
Israel side, there were certain concerns on the operations. But you have managed it pretty well. 
So just trying to understand what is the depth of that impact and are we over it or do we see that 
continuing for the rest of the year? 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
The impact is more on supply constraints. I think there will be shipment delays both inward and 
outward. The parts availability etcetera. Those are the sort of challenges we have faced. So far 
we have managed it well. We have not had a significant impact. 
 
But it's hard to say whether we are over it because we do not know how the situation changes 
tomorrow. So while we have got the cooperation from the vendors and suppliers and customers 
both to be managing the situation, it's sort of managed and that's an important point. So we don't 
know how it will pan out. But hopefully it will de-escalate and not escalate further. But one can 
only manage it as it comes. We can't predict. 
Dipak Saha: 
Sir, I understand it. But what I was trying to understand is that the situation has evolved post-
COVID as well and we are seeing certain things developing. So in your talks with your suppliers, 
do you see any risk of cost here on going up or any of that sort of risk for the raw materials that 
you are sourcing from there? 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
No, I think cost is not a big factor, Deepak. I think the cost, they pretty much honor the PO terms, 
whatever is there. It is actually the delay and those kinds of things that are of impact. Certain 
parts where the orders have not been placed because of supply constraints, the cost could go up 
if you are looking at an alternate supply. But we are not seeing a lot of that. We are seeing more 
on the delay and scheduling rather than the cost. 

      
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Dipak Saha: 
Okay. And the last question before I call that on the queue. You mentioned in your PPT that in 
terms of expansion, the strategies that you are resorting to also include expansion to EV. So if 
you can share some colour on this, what exactly are we moving into automobile and which 
particular geography? Is it US or India as well? So some bit of detail would be really helpful. 
Thank you. 
Anthony Montalbano: 
So the question in terms of the sectors in which regions we are going to be expanding into, is 
that how I understood the question? 
Dipak Saha: 
Yes, you are right on this. 
Anthony Montalbano: 
Yes. So there is a focus on different geos and different sectors that we are looking to expand 
into. That includes that we have provided some additional bandwidth from a go-to-market 
perspective in the India market directly. And there has been – the EV space definitely is an area 
of interest in that regard. So as we get some more details as we update the pipeline in that regard, 
we can share more info on that. But that is an area of focus right now that adds on to the four 
segments that we are already in. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vipraw Srivastava from PhillipCapital. 
Please go ahead. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
So just one question on debt. So, the management has taken debt for these acquisitions, right? 
But currently in the balance sheet, we are seeing an increase of short-term debt. So the 
management is saying that in further quarters, long-term debt will also go up, so interest costs 
can actually increase? 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
Yes, so the part of the long-term debt will also be used to clear the short-term debt. The short-
term debt is a temporary arrangement to fund the M&A, right? Because the M&A debt itself 
will take a little bit of time. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Fair, fair. Yes, noted, noted, noted. Secondly, sir, just a question on the resignation of head of 
sales. I mean, is that something structural or is it just a normal resignation or something? I mean, 
do you have a separate team? I mean, who replaces him and everything on that? 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
Sorry, we are not clear. Can you please say that again? 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
The resignation of Joseph Crowley, Head of Sales, right? There was an exchange filing for that. 
Anthony Montalbano: 
Yes, so the Head of Sales position, that is really due to a medical situation with that leader. And 
so due to the timeframes involved for that, this is why we've had to unfortunately vacate that 
position for this point in time. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Okay, fair enough. Sir, last question. So, I mean, obviously this quarter has been good, but going 
ahead, sir, I mean, do you see any margin expansion happening in FY '26? I mean, because all 
of your employee costs would have been observed and obviously you're also looking for B2S. 
So, that also has a relatively higher margin. So, any thoughts on that? 

      
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
Yes, certainly. I think there are two aspects to that question, right? I think there's definitely an 
absorption aspect as the growth kicks in. And there's no, I mean, we're not going to add SG&A 
linearly to the growth going forward. But more importantly, I think the mix of business is going 
to change quite a bit next year, right? Because of the one large order which had a lower margin, 
that's sort of concluding. So, the rest of the business has very healthy margins. So, we should 
see appreciable improvement in the margins next year. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Right. And sir, last question, the order book. So, where do you see it by the end of this year? I 
mean, what's the traction there? Do you see an improvement? Can we see an improvement in 
H2 or should we wait for FY '26? Any thoughts on that? 
Anthony Montalbano: 
Yes. So, we are at the point now within H2 where we are expecting to see some traction and 
improvement in that regard. So, we will update as the quarters continue. But we are already 
starting to see some positive trends in that regard and that's kind of how we have anticipated it 
and guidance that we've given or comments we've given on it before. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Right. So, we see order book improving, right? Because [INR900 0:29:48] crores is the current 
order book which, I mean, won't be sustainable for structural growth of the company. So, you 
see that improving, right? 
Anthony Montalbano: 
The order book would definitely need to be improving. That is correct. That's what's necessary 
to drive the growth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Deshmukh from LKP Securities. 
Rahul Deshmukh: 
Yes. So, sir, my first question was in quarter 1, you told that we are facing some constraint in 
catching volumes. So, effect of this, we were not able to absorb the fixed cost, which was 
affecting our EBITDA margins. So, how is the situation right now regarding the volumes? 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
So, as you can see, right, our volumes have improved in Q2. And therefore, there is better 
absorption. But what has happened in Q2 is also the mix of business is different. So, while at 
EBITDA level, the SG&A absorption has helped, we've also lost a little bit on gross margin, 
which is sort of offset. So, from quarter-on-quarter, the improvement is not as appreciable as 
you would have hoped to see. And that is the reason. But from an SG&A absorption perspective, 
definitely, whatever we said in Q1 has happened in Q2. 
Rahul Deshmukh: 
So, should we expect any improvement in volumes in upcoming quarters? 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
Compared to what? From a year-on-year perspective? 
Rahul Deshmukh: 
Yes, on year-on-year basis. 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
I don't know if you heard that. On a year-on-year perspective, yes, we will see. 
Rahul Deshmukh: 
Yes. On year-on-year basis. 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
We will see an improvement. 

      
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Rahul Deshmukh: 
And my second question was that, in Q1, you mentioned that we are facing some constraint in 
procuring raw materials from the Israel region. So, now things are getting worse. So, at this point 
of time also, are we targeting networking capital of 100 days? And what is the contribution of 
Israel in our supply chain? 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
So, from the Israel contribution, it will be about 20 days in that overall networking capital 
number. He is definitely our person. He is a person of getting to 90 to 100 days. That is our aim 
from a networking capital perspective. It might take more than one quarter to get there. But we 
are on the job, in terms of identifying specific actions to get that at a sustainable basis. 
Rahul Deshmukh: 
Okay, sir. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Krishnan from Kotak Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Yes. I just wanted to check what is the goodwill created to this acquisition and what would be 
the amortization impact for the next couple of years? 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
So, we are yet to do the purchase price allocation. We are in the process of doing so. I think what 
will happen is, in this business, there is a considerable amount of assets that also come along 
with the acquisition. So, you will have lesser intangibles in the business compared to, let's say, 
a services company. 
 
And therefore, the amortization also will be quite minimal. I mean, taking all of that into account, 
the comment that we made on us being EPS accretive is that at a PAT level, we will see better 
profit compared to if we had not done the acquisition, for example. So, Yes, I mean, we will 
come back with the commentary on goodwill and the amortization impact at the end of Q3 once 
we have completed the purchase price allocation. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Sir, maybe just wanted to check on the order book level. While we are at 19.8 billion at the end, 
the peak we were at was up to 24 billion, 25 billion. So, when we say improving trajectory, by 
when should we sort of reach that level? Because, if we sort of don't reach 24 billion, 25 billion, 
then, our implied guidance of about 30% case or if we remove the inorganic element, then the 
ability to achieve that over 3 years seems to be slightly difficult. But, within nine quarters, we 
are seeing no continuous decline in order inflow? 
Anthony Montalbano: 
Yes. So, as previously addressed, that is one item that we do hope to see some traction on at H2. 
And that is correct. That would need to improve as well to continue the growth that we've been 
targeting. So, Yes, as previously covered, that is correct. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Yes. And on the India defense side, the India story, because we're saying that it will go back to 
70-30 exports and 30% local, that means the chances of, repeat defense ordering from those, 
from that large old PSU as well as the new missile PSU that you've signed, the opportunity may 
not be that big as, what we originally had. Is that understanding correct? 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
No, I'd answer that differently, Deepak. I think we, that comment of 70-30 is taking into account 
the inorganic mix also that will come into the business, which will all be counted as exports. 

      
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Right? And second part is that particular order or the repeat of the defense business will have a 
little bit of a gap. When it concludes, I don't think immediately it will come to the next order. It 
has some time gap. So, and again, answering your earlier question, that's the sort of lumpiness, 
you know, which will sort of create the sudden jump in the order book. 
 
If you see our order book today, if you remove that particular business and then see the rest of 
it, I think there is growth in our order book. But it's definitely not at the level that we would want 
it to be. So [inaudible 36:00] the business is an impact of that order going through and not coming 
back immediately, but as and when the repeat order from that customer comes, I think we will 
be the front runners to sort of gain that. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Yes, sure. Maybe just one last question. Given science focus into the parent's focus into the 
semiconductor business, while we see sort of - we don't see any business because of science 
venture into semiconductors sort of coming to the AMS arm? Is that understanding correct? At 
this stage there is no overlap between the two? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Let me answer that. I think there is a synergy because the continuum is really first you build it - 
first you design, then you build the chip and then you build the board and the box and everything 
around it. So, in that sense there is a continuum, I will say and therefore there is a synergy, but 
I think we won't expect anything to play out from that synergy at least for a few years because 
we will first have to start designing the chips and then looking at how those chips can be 
consumed in science DLM.  
So, while there is a continuum and there is a logical flow, for it to play out, I would say, will at 
least be a few years from now. So, I wouldn't count that at least in the immediate future. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Okay. Thanks for those answers. Those are my questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from PL Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, first, some clarifications because earlier you had given some 
30% of growth indications. So, is that acquisitions like of Altek also considered or also you had 
mentioned about looking for acquisition in North America and EMEA as well. So, you are 
considering all those and then after you had given 30% of CAGR numbers? 
Anthony Montalbano: 
Yes. So, the 30% outlook was really what we see as a multiyear CAGR and that still is what we 
are targeting and running the business towards. And that is organic by the way that does not 
include any inorganic piece of that. So, with the addition of Altek we look to still maintain that 
overall combined business level of growth from a top and bottom line. This acquisition is not 
diluted in any way in terms of top and bottom line.  
So that is where another aspect of the business is important, especially when you look at other 
markets which might not be at the same level of growth and profitability as the Indian-made 
BMS market. 

      
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay. And the next question is related to the Altek electronics. So, can you give some color on 
how is the geographical operation area and how is the opportunity growth for the business in the 
year to come? And is there any seasonality like our existing business like of H2 is more as 
compared to H1? How is that? 
Anthony Montalbano: 
Yes. So as far as the geographic aspects of it, I will highlight that their location in Connecticut 
is an attractive area considering the types of clients that they have, work that is done in that 
nearby in that region and the industries they operate in including medical and others. So, they 
provide the high value services from that location and there is also expansion opportunity to 
grow on that site specifically. 
And then regarding the question as far as the specifics on that business and the outlook starting 
next quarter we will start to integrate that into our overall updates and then that will help bring 
this whole picture together in that regard. 
Praveen Sahay: 
And lastly sir if you can give us some order book mix domestic versus export of your existing 
order book? 
Anthony Montalbano: 
So, right now, it's about a 60-40 mix where it's 40% domestic, 60% export. And then going 
forward that mix might be a little bit more export or more outside of India focus. But that will 
probably shift again once maybe some of the Indian business starts in some of these new areas 
that we're focused on what will grow. So, that kind of gives a view where it is today and the 
[inaudible 41:19] it's on. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay. Thank you, sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a follow-up question from the line of Dipak Saha from KR Choksey Shares 
& Securities Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Dipak Saha: 
Sir, just one question. Lately, we have seen certain announcements of on the surface to air missile 
sites by BEL. So, do we have any sort of capabilities there and can we capitalize on those kinds 
of opportunities? 
Management: 
Dipak, your line was not very clear. Can you please say that again? 
Dipak Saha: 
Sir, I'm talking. There has been certain announcement from BEL on QRSAM site. So, especially 
on quick response surface to air missile. So, do we have any capabilities on those grounds to 
capitalize on? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
I think some of these are still quite out there. I mean, what happens is from the time some of the 
programs get announced to the actual execution, the timelines are quite long. So, we still don't 
have the details on it. We just have to wait to understand what exactly the timelines are, what 
the program will entertain and how much will be bought. So, the other thing we have to also 
look at is how much will be bought out versus indigenously developed. So, it's going to take a 
little bit of time to understand. 
Dipak Saha: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 

      
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Yes. Hi. Thanks for giving the opportunity. I wanted to understand on the borrowing side, I 
mean, short-term borrowings have gone up from INR58 crores to INR225 crores. On the other 
hand, when we see there is I mean decent amount of cash which is sitting on the asset side which 
is close to INR500 crores. So, I mean, why this mismatch there? Why not use the cash itself? I 
just wanted to get an understanding around that.  
And also, you mentioned that we have raised certain capital or certain debt for this acquisition. 
If you could quantify that, that would be helpful as to what is the amount sitting over there. And 
my second question was on the industrial side. I mean, last quarter the industrial client faced a 
challenge and this quarter also, one of the industrial clients has faced a challenge, I mean, given 
the fact that industrial revenue is down.  
And in last quarter, you had mentioned that from 3Q onwards we should see growth picking up. 
So, how do we build the industrial segment from 3Q onwards? 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
So let me answer the first part Mihir. So, the funds that are sitting in the cash or fixed deposits 
are earmarked for certain usages as per the IPO statement that we released in the prospectus. So, 
even though there is cash available it has to be used only for those earmarked purposes. Second, 
since they are in fixed deposits at certain tenure actually makes more sense to borrow money 
even instead of breaking those and losing the penalty and the interest on those issues. So, it is 
more of a timing issue.  
The borrowing we are seeking for the acquisition is about $12 million or about roughly INR100 
crores. And once that comes in, we will use a large part of it to also repay the short-term loan 
debt. 
Anthony Montalbano: 
And then, in regards to the reference, I think of the industrial specific segment of that debt, yes, 
there was some inventory that had been built up within key clients within that sector. And so 
that is still pretty much the same as we advised last time that that inventory is getting consumed. 
And then we do expect recovery in that regard in terms of order book coming back in that sector. 
And if I take probably one to two more quarters before we start to see that feedback, get back 
through the inventory situation I just highlighted. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Okay, sure. And just last question was on the - is there any one-time transaction cost which is 
sitting in this quarter? 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
No, not in Q2. We are taking all the costs in Q3 and we will call that out separately. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Okay. Thank you. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Swanand Samant from Klay Securities. Please 
go ahead. 

      
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Swanand Samant: 
Hey, hi. So, my question again was on the order inflows, right? So, just to understand the 
business model a little bit better. So, we have been lacking in order inflows for some quarters 
now, 8 quarters, 9 quarters now. So, just to understand that our revenue mix is also tilted towards 
the top 10 customers which accounts for almost 80%, 85% of our revenue. So, just to understand 
how do these customers kind of look at us as a vendor. Are we for the programs we run for these 
guys, are we the preferred vendor for them, are we in the top 3, top 5?  
So, just to understand this better, why I am asking this question is that the slowness is it because 
the customers kind of revenues have already slowed down? That's true, but is it also because of 
the competition or losing out on some business? And kind of how do we derisk this because at 
any point of time, there would be at least one or two bad cycle or in a bad cycle, there would be 
at least one or two customers who would be a little weak on revenues for some of the other 
reasons? So, is it kind of how do we derisk this risk in the future? Any qualitative comment on 
that? 
Anthony Montalbano: 
Yes, some insight I can give in regards to how our clients view signed DLM and the offering is. 
We're still a very small percentage of their spend, so it's not really a matter of the small 
percentage. It's really more the type of work that we're doing for them. So, quite frankly the 
importance of the type of products we're delivering to our clients which are often for new 
programs or critical programs is extremely high.  
So, we may be delivering a $10 million solution, but from working with the clients it could very 
much be a $100 million type of solution because of the urgency needed from their perspective 
to have this type of product to support their end client. So, this business is not as price sensitive 
in that regard, really. So, really what causes movement is often more along other aspects. 
 
It could be geo aspects. It could be strategy. And then, of course, if there's operational execution 
issues, then that would definitely be a key item. But for us that's our core, and those are the main 
reasons that drive the value within the business. I think you had another; I didn't follow quite the 
second part of your question. 
Swanand Samant: 
So, the second part was like, this would be the case for us when there would be at least one or 
two clients who are being sluggish for some of the other reasons in the future as well, right, 
depending on the cycle. So, how do we deal with this? Because our top 10 customers, I guess, 
would account for 80%-85% of the revenue. And we always have that business model where we 
would be concentrated as such. So, how do we derisk in the future? What can we do as such? 
Anthony Montalbano: 
Yes, that's a good question. So one key thing is, we did announce a new logo, a new client in an 
industrial sector last quarter. And this sector actually moves extremely fast with the segment this 
client is in. So, we see that just the revenue potential from this new logo alone for our next fiscal 
year to be quite considerable to the fact where it would probably be a top three or four clients 
for us alone in the next fiscal year. And then, it could even be a top one or two client for us in 
the following year. So, expansion of these types of key clients in these sectors is one area. 

      
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
 
And then, also, just the other piece is that, we just announced the acquisition of Altek. That also 
brings a little bit of diversity as well for us in terms of sector and helps broaden, helps kind of 
balance out the portfolio that we have within our clients in the sectors that we play in. 
Swanand Samant: 
Okay, good. So, a follow up on that. So, when we say that as a vendor, we kind of support our 
client or customer with a very niche offering, right? Still, if we look at our margins in the past 
or what we expect in the future as well, those are kind of volatile and in the single digit or double 
digit, right? So, being in the niche offerings which we offer, still, we don't command that kind 
of pricing power if you compare it to some of the other competitors. So, any comments on that? 
Why would our EBITDA margins be lagging at high single digits or low double digits as such? 
Anthony Montalbano: 
So, I think, you know, if you look across the industry within the Indian EMS providers and you 
look across the industry globally, I think you'll find that EBITDA margins, 9%-10% is relatively 
healthy in the Indian EMS sector. And then, it's definitely extremely healthy on the global sector 
as well where, EBITDA margins are anywhere from 3%, 4%, 5%, sometimes 6%. 
 
And so, from that perspective, I think that does reflect the value of the business. And, again, it's 
not that it's just a niche business. It's really more the aspect that it's low volume, high mix, but 
it's mission and safety critical. So, that is why there's more focus on the quality, on the systems 
in place to make sure that continuity is there as opposed to a business that might be more niche. 
It might be more higher volume or consumer-based, which that type of business moves around 
from supplier to supplier much easier. And it also is probably operating at about a third of the 
margins that the business we're running today is in. 
Swanand Samant: 
Okay, got it. And on the order book inflows, in the last quarter, we said that we have some 80 
billion of a pipeline. Could you quantify how much order inflow you internally target in the next 
two or three, four quarters so that it will give us some comforts on what kind of internal target 
we do have in that? 
Anthony Montalbano: 
I think we've laid out really what the overall growth aspirations are for the business. And that's 
organic as well. So, we're continuing to look at that as how we run the business. And that's 
counting the last fiscal year, the current one we're in, and then also going forward. So, those are 
the levels we're continuing to support and invest the business in. And that also includes 
investments in our current operations, and then also as the inorganic side as well, will be in 
addition to that. 
Swanand Samant: 
Thank you 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajit Aggarwal from Atharva Investment Managers. Please 
go ahead. 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Good evening, sir and thank you for giving me the opportunity to ask a question. So, I have two 
questions. One is related to the acquisition. So, on the business model of the acquired entity, vis-
à-vis the business model of the Indian entity. Will it be fair to say that the acquired entity caters 
to lower volume and higher customization compared to the Indian one? And do you see 
following the same model in the next two to three years? Or are there some thoughts wherein 
you converge the two models and are able to collaborate on the customers? 

      
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Anthony Montalbano: 
Yes, I think that's well represented. It is a business that is focused on low volume, high mix 
business. And again, this is also in these very high-quality type requirement sectors that they 
support their clients in. So, it's a very, very similar business model. This is why you also see the 
similar bottom line and top line financial aspects of the business. And some of their top clients 
have been doing business with them for decades just because of the service level that they 
provide. 
 
Also, for a manufacturing company, they also bring a lot of engineering type support to the 
products. Oftentimes, a product will come to them. It does require some more work and they 
will work with the client to get the additional manufacturing for engineering done to get that 
product up and going. 
So, this is a type of flexibility that a smaller, low volume, high mix operation can provide much 
more efficiently than a much larger operation that's set up for more of a higher volume type 
setup. So, we see it as very complimentary and this is why we also see a strong synergy case for 
the business with our current clients where they would find comfort in extending their business 
that they do with us into that operation. 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Right. Thank you, sir. And the second question is on the large contract that is concluding in the 
near future. Can you help me with when exactly that is concluding and what will be the 
immediate impact on the next quarter sales because of that contract turning off? 
Anthony Montalbano: 
We're really limited on what we can discuss on specific contracts and clients in that regard. So, 
I think the guidance that we've given or commentary we've given on that is about as much as we 
can really share at this point in time. 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Krishna Bodanapu for closing comments. Over to you, 
sir. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Thank you very much and thank you everybody for joining us this evening. As we saw, there's 
a lot of exciting things that are going on in the business. On the organic side, we've had a good 
quarter with growth coming back in an expected manner and we'll continue the growth trajectory 
for the foreseeable future. 
Of course, as there was a question and Anthony answered it, order book and order intake is 
something that we're quite focused on. But looking at where we stand with a number of large 
deals, we're quite confident that we will also start to fill up the order book quite nicely. 
 
On the other side, Altek is a very, very important milestone for us because it globalizes the 
business and it also globalizes the business in such a manner that it's not very different from our 
business model. So, it's something that we understand. It's something that we're comfortable 
with, but most importantly, it's something that our customers see value in. 

      
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
So, taking these two pillars of growth, both organic and inorganic, we're very confident where 
we stand with the business and we'll continue to update you as things progress. But for now, 
thank you very much for your support and we'll again speak next quarter after we announce 
results. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Cyient DLM Ltd., that concludes this conference. Thank you all for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
