 
 
 
 
CC/S&B/AND/2024-25/668 
 
 
 
 
 
         16.11.2024 
 
 
Madam / Sir, 
 
Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015:  
Transcript of Analyst Meet 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we submit the 
transcript of the Q2FY25 post results Analyst Meet held on 08.11.2024. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
   
                                                                                          
                    
                                                                                          
(Aruna N Dak) 
DGM (Compliance & Company Secretary)  
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Listing Department,   
BSE Limited,  
Phiroje Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
25th Floor, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001  
The Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, ‘G’ Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400051  
 
BSE SCRIP Code: 500112 
 
NSE SCRIP Code: SBIN 
ARUNA N 
DAK
Digitally signed by 
ARUNA N DAK 
Date: 2024.11.16 
18:35:08 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
Q2FY25 
ANALYST MEET 
TRANSCRIPT 
08.11.2024 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. C S SETTY 
CHAIRMAN, STATE BANK OF INDIA 
 
MR. ASHWINI KUMAR TEWARI 
MANAGING DIRECTOR (CORPORATE BANKING AND SUBSIDIARIES) 
 
MR. VINAY M TONSE  
MANAGING DIRECTOR (RETAIL BUSINESS & OPERATIONS) 
 
MR. RANA ASHUTOSH KUMAR SINGH  
MANAGING DIRECTOR (RISK COMPLIANCE & SARG) 
 
MRS. SALONI NARAYAN 
DEPUTY MANAGING DIRECTOR (FINANCE) 
 
MR. PAWAN KUMAR KEDIA 
CHIEF GENERAL MANAGER (FINANCIAL CONTROL) 
 
MR. A RAVI SHANKAR 
CHIEF GENERAL MANAGER (FINANCIAL CONTROL) - DESIGNATE 
 
MR. PAWAN KUMAR 
GENERAL MANAGER (PERFORMANCE, PLANNING & REVIEW) 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 2 of 29 
- Mr. Pawan Kumar - General Manager (Performance, Planning and Review), State 
Bank of India 
 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! I am Pawan Kumar, General Manager, 
Performance, Planning & Review Department of the bank. On behalf of State Bank of 
India, I am delighted to welcome the analysts, investors, colleagues and everyone 
present here today on the occasion of the declaration of the Q2FY25 results of the bank. 
I also extend a warm welcome to all the people who are accessing the event through 
our live webcast. We have with us on the stage, our Chairman, Shri C.S. Shetty at the 
centre, our Managing Director, Corporate Banking & Subsidiaries, Shri Ashwini Kumar 
Tewari, our Managing Director, Retail, Business & Operations, Shri Vinay M. Tonse, our 
Managing Director, Risk, Compliance & SARG, Shri Rana Ashutosh Kumar Singh, our 
Deputy Managing Director, Finance, Smt. Saloni Narayan, our Deputy managing 
Directors heading various verticals and Managing Directors of the subsidiaries are 
seated in front rows of this hall. We are also joined by Chief General Managers of 
different verticals, business groups. To carry forward the proceedings, I request our 
Chairman sir to give a brief summary of the bank’s Q2FY25 performance and the 
strategic initiatives undertaken. We shall thereafter straight away go to Q&A session. 
However, before I hand over to Chairman sir, I would like to read out the safe harbor 
statement. 
 
Certain statements in today’s presentation maybe forward-looking statements. These 
statements are based on management’s current expectations and are subject to 
uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual outcomes may differ materially from 
those included in these statements due to a variety of factors. Thank you. Now I would 
request Chairman Sir to make his opening remarks. Chairman Sir, please! 
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! Thank you for taking the time to join 
this analyst meet today, post announcement of Q2FY25 results of the bank. The results 
for the Q2FY25 highlight continuity, consistency and SBI’s significant long-term 
strengths. At the outset, I would like to thank all our stakeholders for their support and 
helping us in creating a sustainable value not only for the bank but also for the economy 
as a whole. Over the years, SBI has remained focused on strengthening the key 
components that contributed to this sustainable value. We have prioritized our liability 
franchise, refined our processes, continue to improve our underwriting standards and 
aim to deliver value to all stakeholders, while positioning ourselves as a reliable financial 
services brand. 
 
I will first start with the brief description of the present global and domestic economic 
scenario and then discuss bank’s performance. Global growth is expected to remain 
stable, though somewhat under-whelming with cementing of growth in the largest 
economy of the US being a silver line. The recent US election results could lead to lower 
taxes, favourable regulations along with tighter labour markets. They also present an 
opportunity for the Indian economy to further strengthen the domestic manufacturing 
base while closely aligning with strategic allies. Further any positive development in the 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 3 of 29 
geo-political situation in the areas of conflict could lead to easing of commodity prices. 
On the other hand, the EU Block appears still shrouded in uncertainties. The global 
growth forecast by IMF for 2025 remains at 3.2% with India remaining the fastest growing 
large economy. 
 
On the domestic front, India’s GDP registered a growth of 6.75% – 7% in Q1 driven by 
private consumption and investment. Looking ahead, agriculture sector is expected to 
perform well on the back of above normal rainfall and robust reservoir levels while 
manufacturing and services activities remain steady. On the demand side, healthy kharif 
sowing coupled with sustained momentum in consumer spending in the festival season 
auger well for private consumption. The average inflation for FY25 is expected to be 
4.5% according to RBI estimates. Latest numbers show that scheduled commercial 
banks’ deposit growth has now surpassed credit growth. Deposit credit differential has 
now turned positive, which was last seen in April 2022. We expect SCBs’ deposits will 
grow 11% - 12% and credit by 12% - 13% in FY25. RBI has ensured that system liquidity 
remains comfortable by conducting two-way market operations. 
 
Coming to the bank’s performance, we have once again delivered a good set of 
numbers. At the end of Q2FY25, our credit growth was 14.93% YoY, deposit growth was 
9.13% YoY while the CD ratio domestic was 67.87% and importantly, our slippage ratio 
was 0.51% with retail slippage ratio 0.31%. Credit cost was 0.38% and PCR was 
75.66%. The profit for the quarter was ₹ 18,331 crores, up almost 28% YoY. On the 
business front, deposits at the end of Q2FY25, deposits have crossed a milestone of 50 
trillion rupees with more than 50 crore customers. We are humbled to serve one out of 
every three Indians. In some way, SBI touches every Indian family. The total deposits 
have grown by 9.13% YoY to ₹ 51.17 trillion. Term deposits have grown by 12.51% YoY. 
Our current account deposits have grown by 10% YoY and CASA has grown by 4.24%. 
We have maintained CASA ratio by more than 40%. As far as credit growth is concerned, 
I am pleased to advise that the credit growth continues to remain robust across all 
segments. Our domestic advances have grown by 15.55% YoY driven by 18% growth 
in corporates, 17% in Agri, 17% in SME and 12% in retail segments. Our foreign office 
advances have grown by 11.56% YoY. Our market share in savings bank deposits was 
26.51% at the end of June 2024. From Sep 2019 to Sep 2024, our savings franchise 
achieved a CAGR of 8.34%. When it comes to advances, our market share was 19% at 
the end of Sep 2024 with a 5-year CAGR of 11.76%. Notably, our credit growth in Q2 
was 14.93% as compared to 13.03% for the ASCBs. As far as asset quality is concerned, 
slippage ratio in Q2FY25 was, as I mentioned earlier, 0.51% and the credit cast stood 
at 0.38%. The net NPA ratio improved by 11 bps YoY and stands at 0.53%. We have a 
well provided NPA book with PCR at 75.66%, I think the first time we crossed 75% cover. 
These indicators of asset quality highlight the robust quality of our loan portfolio. Our 
liquidity position is comfortable with a liquidity coverage ratio being about 129% as on 
30th Sep and the domestic CD ratio was at 67.87% indicating significant potential to grow 
our credit portfolio. The bank remains well capitalized and we have sufficient headroom 
to take care of business growth requirements. Our capital adequacy ratio is 13.76% 
without considering plough back of profits and is well above the regulatory requirement. 
If we include the profits for H1FY25, our CAR would be at 14.79%.  
 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 4 of 29 
I am happy to share the progress we are making in digital banking. More than 8 crore 
customers have been registered on YONO, driving digital agenda of the bank. 61% of 
our regular saving bank accounts are opened through YONO in Q2FY25. Our 
subsidiaries are also consistently performing well and continue to create significant value 
for all the stakeholders. We will continue to nurture these subsidiaries and maintain 
leadership position in the respective businesses. We are glad to report that the bank 
continues to report ROA and ROE greater than 1% and 20% respectively at the end of 
H1FY25. Previously we have highlighted that SBI stands out as one of the few financial 
institutions with unparalleled long-term advantages capable of delivering more than 1% 
ROA at this scale. Scale is a crucial aspect to consider. SBI maintains a more than 1% 
ROA with advances portfolio of ₹ 39 lakh crores, an investment portfolio of ₹ 16.66 lakh 
crores, a deposit base of ₹ 51.17 lakh crores and a total balance sheet size of ₹ 63.41 
lakh crores, which is risk weighted at 54%. It is important to highlight the risk weights of 
SBI’s balance sheet. A more insightful indicator of SBI’s profitability is its industry leading 
RORWA of 2.07%. This is return on risk weighted assets. By combining our market 
shares in both asset and liability products with RORWA, it is evident that the bank has 
a dominant presence in all the large risk adjusted profitable lending and liability markets 
in India. So, while we are glad about the outcomes in Q2FY25, we are also mindful of 
the areas for further improvement. On the liability side, we continue to focus on 
increasing our share in current account while maintaining our leadership position in 
savings bank deposits by further strengthening our customer outreach and branch 
network. Although the bank’s cost base is substantial, it highlights our commitment to 
compliance and establishment expenses. The bank’s ROE profile is currently higher 
than its credit growth implying CET1 accrual in the future. From this strong position, our 
goal is to consistently achieve an ROE over 15% throughout business cycles. 
 
To conclude, I want to thank you all once again for your support. The bank while pursuing 
its own progress contributes to the progress and growth of the economy. We remain 
committed to rewarding our stakeholders’ trust in us with superior sustainable returns 
over the long term. My team and I are now open to taking your questions. Thank you 
very much. 
 
 
- Mr. Pawan Kumar - General Manager (Performance, Planning and Review), State 
Bank of India 
 
Thank you, Chairman Sir, for the presentation. We now invite questions from the 
audience. For the benefit of all, we request you to kindly mention your name and 
company before asking the questions. To accommodate all the questions, we request 
you to restrict your questions to maximum two at a time. Also kindly restrict your 
questions to financial results only and no question be asked about a specific account 
please. In case you have additional questions, the same can be asked at the end. We 
now proceed with the Q&A session. 
 
 
 
 
 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 5 of 29 
- Ms. Mahrukh Adajania – Executive Director (Equity Research), Nuvama 
 
Hello Sir! Good evening, Sir. Congratulations! Sir, my first question is just on credit and 
deposit growth. I guess you had quoted in the Business Standard Conclave saying that 
the pace of growth of deposit and credit should nearly coincide. So, our deposit growth 
has outpaced credit growth this quarter but on the YoY basis, there is still a gap. How 
are we viewing that gap? Can it continue? 
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Thank you. I think our effort is, in fact there was some question, why you have low CDR 
ratio, why are you pursuing the deposits? So, I think deposit as a franchise, we continue 
to ensure that the deposit growth is maintained in terms of two aspects. One is, our 
market share of 23%, under no circumstances we are going to allow it to go down. I think 
22% - 23% is something that we want to maintain. No. 2, while we have adequate 
liquidity and capitalization to support credit growth, we would like to ensure that the 
incremental credit growth is supported by the incremental deposits. I think that part will 
continue to be there. So, with a huge deposit base, even if lower double-digit growth of 
10% - 11% would give me that heft to meet the credit requirements. This is the idea in 
terms of saying, how we ensure that the incremental credit is supported by the 
incremental deposit growth. 
 
 
- Ms. Mahrukh Adajania – Executive Director (Equity Research), Nuvama 
 
We can continue to expect 14% - 15% loan growth and maybe 10% - 11% deposit 
growth. 
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Ya, definitely on the credit growth, I think we are sticking to our guidance of 14% - 16% 
will continue to be there. Deposits, yes, the effort is to cross the hurdle of 10%. Today 
we are more than 9% and lot of efforts which we have done in terms of mobilizing the 
deposits have resulted in some significant growth of 9.13% as I mentioned that greater 
milestone of 50 lakh crores is a proud moment for us and we hope that the 10% - 10.50% 
should be possible. And if you notice, we already are in the double digit, both in the 
current account and terms deposit. The next target would be, how do we increase our 
savings bank growth rate. 
 
 
- Ms. Mahrukh Adajania – Executive Director (Equity Research), Nuvama 
 
Got it sir and my next question is on Xpress Credit. So, what is the outlook there given 
that now we have fallen below 10% YoY? So just a broad outlook there? 
 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 6 of 29 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
We have seen the growth coming back into this unsecured product which we have had 
on secured personal loan. We felt that I think, it was more in terms of the demand than 
anything else. One thing what we must remember is that, this is a high churning product, 
in the sense that while we give for 5 – 6 years term, it gets paid off pretty fast, 14 months 
is average life of an Xpress Credit, which means that if there is a slight demand slack, 
you result in slowing growth. On an average we get 16 - 17 thousand crore repayment 
every month. So, we have to keep pace with that, it is not that we are not growing on 
that. Because the repayments outpace the disbursements, sometimes you know, the 
growth rate slows down. But we are seeing a good traction in the current month and 
hopefully this busy season will ensure that, if not that 30% CAGR what we have 
witnessed in the past, I think we will come back to a reasonable growth rate there. Do 
you want to add anything Vinay? 
 
 
- Mr. Vinay M. Tonse - Managing Director (Retail, Business & Operations), State 
Bank of India 
 
I don’t want to be very forward looking but the month of October has been really good 
and the book style of slack season and the busy season is actually playing out for us 
including the Xpress Credits. We have no concerns coming out of that. 
 
 
- Ms. Mahrukh Adajania – Executive Director (Equity Research), Nuvama 
 
Got it Sir, thank you. 
 
 
- Mr. Vinay M. Tonse - Managing Director (Retail, Business & Operations), State 
Bank of India 
 
Thank you, Mahrukh. 
 
 
- Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Chairman, Ajcon Global 
 
Hello Sir! Sir, I am Ashok Ajmera, Chairman, Ajcon Global. Sir, welcome to you. You are 
chairing the first analyst meet sir, as Chairman of the Bank, the largest bank of the 
country and compliments to you for the wonderful numbers. Good set of numbers, 
operating profit touching almost ₹ 30,000 crores and I think this is one of the highest 
operating profits of the bank and all other parameters also, the bank has performed 
exceedingly well. I have a question which, I will just take it forward from Mahrukh, about 
the numbers of the credit growth of which you have given 14% - 15% target. Now I think, 
as per these numbers what we have achieved is around 4.09% in H1FY25. We have a 
long way to go to achieve the remaining 9.50% - 10% growth, which means almost about 
₹ 5 lakh crores of credit growth in the remaining 6 months. So, what is the roadmap there 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 7 of 29 
Sir? How do we plan to achieve that kind of credit target in the remaining, you have only 
five and a half months? My first question is on that. Second one sir, a major part of the 
other profit has come from the other income this quarter. I mean if you look at it, the sale 
and the revaluation is ₹ 4,641 crores against ₹ 2,500 crores in the last quarter. Forex 
income is ₹ 1,111 crores as against just ₹ 361 crores in the last quarter and 
miscellaneous income is ₹ 2,685 as against ₹ 1,200 crore. So, whether this is a regular 
phenomenon going to be in the remaining two quarters of this kind of profitability, I mean 
other income, or some one-offs are there in these three items if you look at the 
profitability. And thirdly, on the provisions, we see that some other provisions of ₹ 600 
crores, we were asking madam also sometime back, what is that? Because we have 
been actually writing back the provisions, in the earlier two quarters if you look at it, this 
time there is a provision of ₹ 600 crores on the other thing. And on the SMA front, Sir 
this SMA1 of course that one-off ₹ 9,000 crores account which has taken the SMA1 to 
almost about ₹ 12,000 crores, that is being already regularized, its note has been given 
but is it going to again slip and comeback or is it a permanent kind of a solution? And 
there was one another account of the government which we were discussing whether 
any provision provided for that? I think you can clarify on that and madam also, since 
the government has given some money, so what is the plan in that? Whether it is a 
temporary arrangement there also or we might have to provide for that? So, these are 
my couple of questions in this round. If time permits, I will come back again Sir. Thank 
you, sir. 
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Go back to the credit growth slide. So, if you see here, other than retail personal, it has 
been a secular growth and we are seeing that, this secular growth, segmental growth is 
likely to continue. And on the corporate side, I will ask Ashwini also to supplement but 
we see that there is a good visibility of the pipeline both in terms of the proposals under 
sanction and proposals sanctioned but not disbursed. This is the data which we 
consistently keep giving you and these numbers are almost ₹ 6 trillion. ₹ 6 lakh crores 
is something what these two things constitute. And the growth is also coming from YoY, 
the higher utilization of the working capital limit. So, the combination of this indicates that 
our corporate credit growth would remain in this higher double digit. Agriculture, this 
growth in the first half has come despite heavy rains and many things what is happening. 
And we also have diversified our agricultural portfolio. It is not only coming from the crop 
loans. We have various components of rural finance, which is built into this agricultural 
book and the rural finance includes Agri infrastructure financing, self-help group 
financing, Agri gold loans, crop loans. We have significantly enhanced our ability to 
assess this agricultural financing. We have set up Agri CPCs across the country and we 
have brought back our relationship manager for rural and urban, which they are 
processing the high value agricultural loans now. I think the combination of this also 
shows that, agriculture during the second half will continue to do well.  
 
On the SME, some of the measures which we have taken, I think earlier also we have 
shared, the SME financing, we are trying to move heavily into data based, non-
collateralized cash flow-based lending. We have introduced, what is called business rule 
engine, upto ₹ 5 crore limit assessment and it is doing very well. I think we have done 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 8 of 29 
from inception, almost ₹ 30,000 crores loans under the BRE here. And BRE uses an 
extensive data set, both internal as well as external and one of the major complaints, 
against major public sector banks including SBI is that the turnaround time for issuing 
sanctions for SME loans is longer. Today, under the BRE, we are able to give in-principle 
sanction in 15 mins and if it is guaranteed by CGTMSE, the disbursement is done in two 
days. So, I think this operational efficiency improvements also I think would help us to 
continue to grow this SME book. Again, SME also has several components in this – 
dealer financing, vendor financing, balance sheet financing, I think almost all the 
components we are trying to improve the operations. Then the question of retail personal 
comes. Retail personal as we have been mentioning, we are seeing an uptake. 
Hopefully, that will be sustained during the second half. So, the credit growth is definitely 
we are confident that 14% - 16% credit growth rate happen and home loan is one of our 
leading products. You see that 13.66%, average 13% - 14% CAGR is being ensured on 
this. And we see historical levels of sourcing of home loan applications in the first half, 
which resulted in a huge number of sanctions and disbursements in this category and 
almost all the other products are also doing well. 
 
Coming to your other income, yes, we are definitely aided by the other income in this 
quarter. Other income components are you rightly mentioned Ajmera Saab is in terms 
of both trading gains, MTM gains and the recovery in the written-off accounts. So, 
recovery in written-off accounts, our assessment indicates that the current run rate will 
continue. I mean that is fairly easy to assess, that you know what is in store, where you 
have taken the measures of recovery, what is the stage in the NCLT, SARFAESI or DRT, 
have a fair idea about the recoveries, unless some last-minute things happen. But on 
the trading front of course is a function of yield movement. We have consciously worked 
in terms of acquiring some additional, added some duration to the book and we played 
on yield movement and the trading gains were there. Our estimations, our expectations 
are that the yield trajectory will be ranged from 6.6 - 6.9 in which case I think, we still 
have scope for trading gains. MTM, again is a function of yield movement.  
 
The third piece on the Forex, we definitely got benefitted, the volatility always gives us 
some benefit, so we played on that. Mainly the proprietary derivative book which we 
have had, which contributed to the treasury gains, it is very difficult to confidently say 
that it is going to be the same level of profit, but we will try to maintain that, if not this 
part, then other sources of other income. We want to escalate our loan processing 
charges; we want to increase our other income by engaging more on the ecosystem 
banking. I think our renewed focus on non-interest income will continue and we are 
hopeful to get in. Do you want to say something on the other provisions? 
 
 
- Ms. Saloni Narayan - Deputy Managing Director (Finance), State Bank of India 
 
Last year, we had a write back of ₹ 1,010 crores on account of NPA automation which 
was completed by the Bank and we were able to write it back. That is the main reason. 
So, this year we don’t have that write back. And apart from that, the normal provisions 
of course have gone up from ₹ 283 crores to ₹ 876 crores, which is ok. There is no 
particular segment to call out. 
 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 9 of 29 
- Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Chairman, Ajcon Global 
 
Other than the normal standard provisions and other things you are taking…. 
 
 
- Ms. Saloni Narayan - Deputy Managing Director (Finance), State Bank of India 
 
The only factor is NPA automation reversal of ₹ 1,010 and to your point of AUCA 
recovery, last year same quarter we had ₹ 1,566 crores AUCA recovery. This year, we 
have ₹ 2,336 crores and as Chairman Sir has said, that going forward, we are expecting 
this kind of recovery in the next two quarters. 
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Ashwini, you want to supplement something on the corporate. 
 
 
- Mr. Ashwini Kumar Tewari - Managing Director (Corporate Banking & 
Subsidiaries), State Bank of India 
 
On the corporate side, you have seen good growth, but this growth has not come on its 
own. Actually, my team is sitting here. Last one and a half years, they have been 
planning for this, contacting corporates, understanding their business plans and actually 
trying to fit in where we can and therefore we approach them much before time and 
that’s how this book has been building up and as Chairman explained, ₹ 3 lakh crores 
in pipeline, ₹ 3 lakh crores to be disbursed and there is some more undisbursed term 
loans etc., so all of that is a huge number. Of course, not all of this will fructify but we 
keep engaging, keep getting more lead, keep getting more conversations. This is all 
about conversation and being in the right place. So, our corporate book continues to be 
strong. We expect to see a good growth in this. Of course we are selective, we don’t 
want to compromise on asset quality at all. Hopefully, this will continue. 
 
 
- Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Chairman, Ajcon Global 
 
Sir, which are the major sectors or areas from where this credit growth is coming, the 
demand is coming and the book is building? 
 
 
- Mr. Ashwini Kumar Tewari - Managing Director (Corporate Banking & 
Subsidiaries), State Bank of India 
 
So, infrastructure continues to be strong, so that includes both renewable energy, roads, 
power and now we are seeing action in the thermal power space also which for some 
time we were not seeing but apart from renewable, thermal is also seeing action. And 
apart from infrastructure, in steel some demand is coming up. 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 10 of 29 
- Ms. Saloni Narayan - Deputy Managing Director (Finance), State Bank of India 
 
Petroleum and Petro-chemicals. Engineering, Aviation, Services. 
 
 
- Mr. Ashwini Kumar Tewari - Managing Director (Corporate Banking & 
Subsidiaries), State Bank of India 
 
Lot of these things, it’s a broad-based demand, it’s not restricted. 
 
 
- Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Chairman, Ajcon Global 
 
Sir, one observation in your feedback if you allow me. Sir, today, Jet Airways, yesterday 
Supreme Court of India’s decision that, they ordered Jet Airways to be liquidated and 
we have a good share up there. I think out of almost about ₹ 3000 or ₹ 4000 crores, our 
share is one of the major shares in that and you have already got ₹ 400 crore, ₹ 250 
crores in cash and ₹ 150 crores in bank guarantee. So, on that, any take? In this quarter, 
we will have some substantial recovery on that because you have a lot of collaterals 
also. Can you throw some light on that Sir, on that account? Because it has been 
published in the newspaper. 
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
That’s ok. We generally don’t talk about individual accounts and of course this is a 
popular account to comment on. Ajmera Saab, it’s too early to say anything. We just 
received the order yesterday. We are studying. The lenders have to meet and strategize, 
how to go about it? We will just wait for some time on this. 
 
 
- Ms. Saloni Narayan - Deputy Managing Director (Finance), State Bank of India 
 
Ajmera Saab, let’s talk about the results. 
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
That’s ok, we will just wait for some time. 
 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Managing Director, Indus Equity 
 
Congratulations to Team SBI. Sushil Choksey, Indus Equity. Sir, you gave a highlight on 
credit growth where ₹ 6 lakh crore is very visible where corporate is concerned. One is, 
how is the retail engine looking, not from SBI perspective but where India is concerned. 
Second is, you said that volatility in treasury is between 6.6 to 6.9 which would be a 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 11 of 29 
healthy yield for the bank and how do you see deposit market with our market share, 
where it is, whether the rates have peaked, banks could garner more deposit or there is 
something which is not functional well for the deposit market? 
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Choksey Saab, on the retail personal, we always have been saying that our retail 
personal book is incredibly different from others. I still hold on to that view. 
 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Managing Director, Indus Equity 
 
My question is on overall retail business, I am not asking unsecured or secured…. 
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Even in the retail business, what are the retail components. Just come to that slide 
please of the retail book. So, these are the major segments of the retail – home loans 
continue to be a robust growth and we expect that 13% - 14% growth rates in home 
loans continue. The auto loans, I think in the first quarter and second quarter were 
slower, but we are seeing a good growth coming back in the auto loans and personal 
gold loans, we have recorded historical levels of growth rate there. So, the whole 
segment of retail personal is doing well and if you see the asset quality, it continues to 
be robust. I think from that angle, SBI book if you want me to talk about it, I have no 
great concern, both in terms of growth as well as in terms of asset quality. As far as 
industry is concerned, I think there have been some concerns in terms of asset quality 
on the unsecured loan book, mainly in the small ticket loans. If you again see, while the 
95% of our unsecured personal loan, the whole retail segment is salaried class, whether 
it is home loans or auto loans. Pre-dominantly it is salaried class, who maintains salary 
accounts with us. But in case of industry, what we notice that the small value loans 
particularly 50,000 to 1 lakh rupees are the ones which had some major issues in terms 
of the asset quality. We are not there in that space, anyway. 
 
And as far as deposits is concerned, yes, it is a concern for everyone because there has 
been a reallocation of asset portfolio by every individual. A part of their surplus they want 
to put in some other categories of investment instruments that has resulted in some of 
the deposits going into other sectors. But what we saw that deposit growth is also a 
function of how effectively you are following up with your customer. I will just give an 
example. I think we mentioned earlier also, we did extensive data analytics on our 
portfolio of 50 crores customers. Even if you take out of this 50 crore, 17 crore basic 
savings bank deposit customers aside, what Jan Dhan accounts and all, 33 crores 
account customers we have intensively analysed and saw that there are promoters, 
there are stagnators, there are attritors and these are the categories of customers every 
one of them requires a different approach to reach out and then continue to have the 
stronger relationship with them. So, these are the strategies which are helping us to 
mobilize the deposits. 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 12 of 29 
 
As far as rates are concerned, we believe that the rates have peaked. And if you see, 
there has not been much rate action in the last 2 - 3 months on the deposit side. While 
we floated some new schemes like we did one, AMRIT VRISHTI is one of the most 
popular deposit products which had mobilized a huge amount of fixed deposits for us. 
We adequately compensated the customers. I am not saying that we have compromised 
on that. But broadly speaking, the interest rate on deposits has peaked. 
 
 
- Ms. Saloni Narayan - Deputy Managing Director (Finance), State Bank of India 
 
₹ 1,40,000 on AMRIT VRISHTI, Sir. 
 
 
- Mr. Vinay M. Tonse - Managing Director (Retail, Business & Operations), State 
Bank of India 
 
Q3 and Q4 would be much better particularly, Choksey Sahab, on the deposits front, I 
would say. And we must also keep in mind that this also answers Mahrukh's question, 
we have a base of 50 lakh crores now. So, even a 10% would mean 5 lakh crores but 
our franchise is definitely up to this challenge. We will cross easily into double figures.  
 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Managing Director, Indus Equity 
 
Sir, looking at your performance and guidance on credit and deposit market, what's new 
which is going to come out from SBI for FY2025 within the business at the bank and the 
subsidiaries which we should look forward to? I am not asking the numbers.  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
No-no, I think, all of us have to look forward to consistency. We don't want to surprise 
either on the negative side or on the positive side. So, we just want to maintain the 
consistency. We will be happy, you know, to give the same rate of growth and same 
performance what we are doing both on the deposit side and advances side. I don't think 
there would be any big bank announcements or something like that. We don't want to 
do that.  
 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Managing Director, Indus Equity 
 
Sir, the credit market is indicating that you can underwrite much more bigger and larger 
loans than you are writing today and you can downsize too.  
 
 
 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 13 of 29 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
No, this originate to distribute is something which we have been following up. I think we 
will continue to do that. Our ability, it is not only in terms of writing big cheque, it is ability 
to assess the large projects, complex projects. That is the ability which we built over 
years and we would like to capitalize on that and if there is a good market where we can 
distribute the loan which we have underwritten, we will definitely do that.  
 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Managing Director, Indus Equity 
 
What I mean is, if business and underwriting process both permits you to write higher 
credit seeing the current deposit market because you said you would like to maintain a 
deposit market too at a certain share, will we accelerate on the advances because the 
sense is that infrastructure led by hydrogen, may be semiconductor, various 
opportunities which may be emerging, retail markets or whatever, will we accelerate or 
we'll try to maintain at…? I know that needle moving by 10 bps is also a bigger number 
compared to other banks, but can we accelerate by 1% - 2% or we won't?  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
For the record, we would like to stick to our 14%-16% guidance.  
 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Managing Director, Indus Equity 
 
Thank you for answering all the questions.  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Thank you. 
 
 
- Mr. Jai Prakash Mundhra – Vice President, ICICI Securities Limited 
 
 Hi, Sir. This is Jai Mundra from ICICI Securities. Sir, first question is on margins, so if 
you look at from a broader cycle perspective, FY22 we had a domestic margin of around 
3.3% and then rate hike cycle started. As of H1, we are again at 3.3% domestic margins 
whereas at least the later part of the cycle is yet to play out in terms of repo rate cut, 
right? So, in this period, so far, we have, let's say, point to point we are similar at margins. 
And the cost of deposit, it looks like it has peaked and it will stabilize. But from going 
forward when policy rates turn, it would look like that we will possibly dip below where 
we started from. So, in process, of course, as you mentioned in your opening remarks 
also, that you may have focused more on risk adjusted returns RORWA,  so how should 
we look at it, A, in the sense that why would margins, why at this point of time we do not 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 14 of 29 
seem to have much tailwinds, you know, even at this point of cycle when the other banks 
have actually kept some of the margins when they started from whereas we are almost 
similar to where we started from? 
 
And as you mentioned on RORWA, what is, I mean, if you can elaborate there in 
conjunction to margins?  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
So, broadly, I think most of the points you yourself answered, Mundra. Nothing much for 
me to add. There would be impact of rate cuts on everybody's book for two reasons. 
One is the composition of the books have changed. We used to have predominantly 
MCLR books a couple of years ago or maybe 4 - 5 years ago and with the regulatory 
nudge, you know, some of the loan book has moved to Repo linked loans or external 
benchmark linked loans. Obviously, there will be some impact on that book. But in our 
case, what we believe is that more than 40% of our book is MCLR Linked. And even that 
other benchmark T-Bill linked loans are very short-term loans, which we have the 
capability to readjust the pricing there. The only thing what probably would be a little 
stickier in terms of adjusting is the Repo linked loans which are essentially the MSME 
loans and your home loans, etc. But 42% MCLR book with 2 - 3 rate hikes which we 
have had in the last two months would give us some protection in terms of the contraction 
of margin. That is what we are expecting. 
 
And also, on the rate cut front if you are assuming that the first rate cut is likely to happen 
in February and not going to be a bulk rate cut and maybe a moderate rate cut of 25-
bps, so overall impact on margins are not going to be significant. This is our assessment.  
 
 
- Ms. Saloni Narayan - Deputy Managing Director (Finance), State Bank of India 
 
Sir, can I add one point? This MCLR increase that we have done, and that Chairman Sir 
was speaking about, that will play out after December.  
 
 
- Ms. Saloni Narayan - Deputy Managing Director (Finance), State Bank of India 
 
So, even if there is a rate cut, we already have that 20-bps cushion there. So, I think, 
net-net we should be stable in the year end.  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
So, in terms of, of course, the ROA and RORWA comparison what I have given is just 
to drive home the point that the historical playbook what we followed is that how do you 
contain your risk and continue to have Operating Profit to Net Profit conversion as much 
robust as possible. And this is the point which we are trying to bring out when we talked 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 15 of 29 
about Return on Risk Weighted Assets. Otherwise, we can accumulate more risk and 
give you a good ROA, but we are trying to calibrate, especially when you run a large 
bank, I think, this calibration is required. It may sound a little playing safe, but I think 
where the risk has to be taken, we have taken the risk but very calibrated risk. We have 
invested heavily into underwriting standards, no compromise on the quality and that has 
put us in good state. That is what we believe. And that is the reason I said and I kept on 
talking about the consistency. No surprises, even if pleasant surprises are required.  
 
 
- Mr. Jai Prakash Mundhra – Vice President, ICICI Securities Limited 
 
And, lastly, Sir, if you can talk about the Xpress Credit, right. So, while I hear you that 
you mentioned that there is some demand softness that you saw and the repayment 
continues to remain high and hence there is a slower growth. So, on that, have you also 
changed any of your underwriting criteria which would have led to slightly slower 
disbursement or there is not too much change there? And when do you see this 7% YoY 
growth in Xpress Credit going back to maybe overall bank level growth? And if there is 
any noticeable change in the 30-day DPD or SMA 1,2 behaviour of that book?  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
So, in terms of the process improvement, definitely we have undertaken in the last 12 
months. What we have done is that the whole gamut of Xpress Credit assessment, 
disbursement, documentation, we wanted to automate as much as possible. In the 
process what happened, the adoption of that automation has taken some time. We also 
have re-engineered our process. We wanted to bring the similar Centralized Processing 
Cell efficiency what we have achieved in Home Loans in the Xpress Credit also. So, that 
took some time. I am not saying that the slowdown is mainly attributable to that, but it is 
also contributed to a certain amount of lower offtake because these kinds of products 
are instant delivery product and any delay in delivering will definitely impact the offtake. 
But that part is addressed now. I don't think that has been a major issue but still whatever 
little irritants were there, we have addressed them. 
 
I am sure, I think, we will have to see in the current half year how the demand is likely to 
come back. While we are hopeful, double digit Xpress Credit is definitely possible 
whether it happens in the current quarter or next quarter we will have to see.  
 
 
- Mr. Jai Prakash Mundhra – Vice President, ICICI Securities Limited 
 
Lastly sir if you can talk about the 30-day DPD or SMA-2 trends? If there is any change 
in the Xpress Credit?  
 
 
 
 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 16 of 29 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
No, there is not much SMA-2 change. SMA-0, it happens in most of these loans where 
salary linkage is there because if even 2 to 3 days salary delay is there, they move to 
SMA-0. So, that kind of things happen but they don't move into the NPA category.  
 
 
- Mr. Jai Prakash Mundhra – Vice President, ICICI Securities Limited 
 
Thank you, Sir. 
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Thank you. 
 
 
- Mr. Ramesh Bhojwani - Mehta & Vakil 
 
Sir, Ramesh Bhojwani from Mehta & Vakil. Sir, Q2 numbers have been delightful, to say 
the least. You have performed or you have outperformed on all the parameters.  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Thank you. 
 
 
- Mr. Ramesh Bhojwani - Mehta & Vakil 
 
Just one thought came to my mind, I was seeing in the provisions slide, you have made 
a PCR of 75.66%. But adjoining to that there is a non-NPA provision of ₹ 31,054 crores. 
I would like to know this aspect.  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Go back to the provision slide, movement of provisions. This is the one which you are 
talking about, right?  
 
 
- Mr. Ramesh Bhojwani - Mehta & Vakil 
 
Slide 21. 
 
 
 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 17 of 29 
- Ms. Saloni Narayan - Deputy Managing Director (Finance), State Bank of India 
 
So, you want to know the breakup or what, Sir?  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
So, this non-NPA provisions breakup is given below in the slide. You have the booklet, 
right?  
 
 
- Mr. Ramesh Bhojwani - Mehta & Vakil 
 
Yes-yes. 
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Yes, in the booklet it is given provision on the standard assets is ₹ 24,000 crores, 
additional provision on the restructured standard account is ₹ 4,831 crores. If you 
remember, we used to call it this COVID provision. That still continues to be there, we 
have not reversed it.  
 
 
- Mr. Ramesh Bhojwani - Mehta & Vakil 
 
Essentially, it is not worrisome.  
 
 
- Ms. Saloni Narayan - Deputy Managing Director (Finance), State Bank of India 
 
No-no. Actually, that’s a buffer. 
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
It is actually the buffer which we have built.  
 
 
- Mr. Ramesh Bhojwani - Mehta & Vakil 
 
Wonderful! Wonderful! 
 
 
 
 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 18 of 29 
- Mr. Vinay M. Tonse - Managing Director (Retail, Business & Operations), State 
Bank of India 
 
It is the other side. It’s a cushion.  
 
 
- Ms. Saloni Narayan - Deputy Managing Director (Finance), State Bank of India 
 
And this also includes the general provision on standard asset. So, ₹ 13,802 crores are 
on account of that only.  
 
 
- Mr. Ramesh Bhojwani - Mehta & Vakil 
 
Okay, thank you.  
 
 
- Mr. Himanshu – Analyst 
 
Hi, Sir. This is Himanshu here. Just one question at my end. Since you have increased 
focus on garnering deposits and we have seen that, is there any change the way some 
of the cross sell of your subsidiary product, particularly life Insurance product? Because 
in SBI Life, particularly at the Banca channel level, we have seen a material slow down, 
what are your thoughts around it?  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Do you want to take it?  
 
 
- Mr. Ashwini Kumar Tewari - Managing Director (Corporate Banking & 
Subsidiaries), State Bank of India 
 
So, you are right that the Banca has shown a markedly reduced growth this time and the 
last couple of quarters but it's a kind of a transition which is happening. Because Banca 
used to be the predominant contributor, so the company has been focusing on agency 
for some time now because that is something which is more sustainable, the retention 
and the rates are higher. So, that is one part. 
 
Second is, the company is also focusing on a lot on digital, not only directly but also 
through the bank’s YONO channel because there were always some complaints about 
misselling, etc and this is something which is talked about, even though our numbers 
are the lowest in the industry. So, we feel that in case this is sold digitally with the 
customer's own initiation then nobody can say anything. It is customer's choice. So, 
that's the other thing which is being focused. And a couple of products which have been 
recently launched, just about a month old, have seen very good traction. 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 19 of 29 
 
So, our sense is that Banca is going to come back on the same lines it was. Percentage 
wise, maybe agency is going to pick up more and more as we go forward, but the 
numbers will start to look up in next couple of quarters. So, it's a kind of a transition 
happening at this point of time.  
 
 
- Ms. Saloni Narayan - Deputy Managing Director (Finance), State Bank of India 
 
Just to give a number, sir, in cross selling as against Q2FY24 where we earned ₹ 969 
crores, this quarter it is ₹ 1,109 crores, which is a growth of 14.40%. And third quarter 
normally is the best quarter for SBI Life, so going forward the two quarters will more than 
make up. So, we are on track. 
 
 
- Mr. Himanshu – Analyst 
 
So, is that transition period over now?  
 
 
- Mr. Ashwini Kumar Tewari - Managing Director (Corporate Banking & 
Subsidiaries), State Bank of India 
 
No-no, it's still on because, as I said, the YONO products, I mean, couple of them have 
been launched just this one month back. So, we are seeing good traction. So, maybe it 
will take a couple of quarters by which time it will get back towards. Anyway, still the 
number one private Life Insurer and has a lot of other initiatives which are in the works.  
 
 
- Mr. Himanshu – Analyst 
 
And, secondly, Sir, is there any change with respect to the commissioning of the Life 
Insurance at the parent level?  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
No. 
 
 
- Mr. Ashwini Kumar Tewari - Managing Director, Corporate Banking & 
Subsidiaries, State Bank of India: 
 
No, no. Parent has not changed anything, what is changing is the regulatory way in 
which it has to be reckoned in which it will be distributed across. I mean, it will be 
amortized rather than being booked immediately. Parent has not changed any rates or 
anything. We are charging more or less the same. 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 20 of 29 
- Mr. Himanshu – Analyst 
 
Sure, thanks. 
 
 
- Mr. Saurabh - JP Morgan 
 
Hi, Sir. This is Saurabh from JP Morgan. Sir, two questions. One is on current account. 
Could you highlight what’s your average current account growth would have been? And 
what will explain this 10% growth that you see in your current accounts? 
 
The second is, what is the magnitude of the unrecognized AFS reserve, if you can 
quantify that as of Sept quarter? 
 
And, lastly, on your RWAs, historically SBI has gone to above 60%. You are in the low 
fifties right now; would you be okay if the market permits to go to those levels? These 
are the ones. Thank you.  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
So, your first question on the current account. I think, we have tried everything what is 
possible in the current account, let me tell you. Quite a lot of initiatives which we have 
done. First thing what we have done is that we wanted to reduce the dependence on the 
current accounts of the government. While the government contribution is still significant 
for us and it has contributed this quarter also, we wanted to get back to the businesses 
and we have opened what is called ‘Transaction Banking Hubs’ across the country and 
that had helped us to garner more number of our current accounts. Number two, that we 
have set up what is called the ‘Relationship Management Teams’ for the current 
accounts who do not have any borrowing relationship with us, standalone current 
accounts. I think that has also helped us in a great amount of traction. We pursued 
current account, not as an individual deposit account but as a multi service-oriented 
product. For example, the cash management is required, POS machines are required, 
QR code is required. So, the kind of package which we designed, like it was there earlier 
also but I think the renewed focus through the transaction banking hubs also had 
definitely helped us. The idea of current account balances going up and gaining back 
the market share has been very seriously pursued. I hope that, you know, this will 
continue because current account is a very fickle kind of portfolio. So, how it moves is 
very difficult to predict but we are hopeful that this level of growth will continue there. 
 
And as far as your AFS Reserve, anybody from AFS Reserve can give that information. 
Otherwise, we can give you later. 
 
RWA, yes, there is some movement on the RWA. Can you just go to the RWA slide, 
please? AFS reserve, I think, movement to AFS reserve is about ₹ 15,000 crores. RWA 
to Total Assets, I think broadly we would like to maintain this. That is the reason why in 
my opening remarks also I focused more on RORWA. So, we want to stick to this level 
of RWAs. Even this increase in RWAs, this quarter has mainly come from the MRWA 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 21 of 29 
because we have acquired some CPs, CDs and equity portfolio has gone up which has 
resulted in the higher RWAs there.  
 
- Mr. Saurabh - JP Morgan 
 
Okay. Sir, just one more question, with your permission. Sir, on your Cards business, 
this Card subsidiary have seen elevated loss rates. Have you done any analysis on the 
Personal Xpress Credit, whether there is a cross sell to some of the customers which 
could have turned delinquent in the card subsidiary? Is there an exposure that SBI today 
has on some of the standard accounts there?  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
So, this is an independent business model. I don't think our Xpress Credit model can be 
replicated on the card company.  
 
 
- Mr. Saurabh - JP Morgan 
 
No-no, my question was, sir, basically the account is delinquent in the cards business, 
but the Xpress is still standard, have you done any analysis? Do you foresee any risk 
there?  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
I don't think we have anything. Do you want to add to that? I don't think. I don't see any 
such… 
 
 
- Mr. Ashwini Kumar Tewari - Managing Director (Corporate Banking & 
Subsidiaries), State Bank of India 
 
So, generally, when we source a card from the bank for the card company, it's generally 
on the strength of the Liability account and its behaviour and sometimes with Housing 
loans, high value Housing loans, etc, we give cards to those people. So, we don't see 
that there's a personal loan here which might be impacted because the card is 
delinquent. We haven't seen any relationship like this. And the threshold is, generally, 
kept higher. So, it's anyway not likely that way.  
 
 
- Mr. M B Mahesh – Executive Director, Kotak Securities 
 
Hi. This is Mahesh from Kotak. Just a couple of questions. First is on as asset quality. 
This question was asked earlier on that SMA account, I don't think so you clarified the 
status as to how this will progress from here onwards.  

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 22 of 29 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
So, as you know, we don't talk about the individual accounts but let me tell you that there 
is a serious engagement, both with the company and the government, to have a 
sustainable solution for this.  
 
 
- Mr. M B Mahesh – Executive Director, Kotak Securities 
 
Okay. Sir, this question on Xpress Credit, again, we have seen this stabilizing at about 
1% in terms of delinquency rate or the NPL rate, should we see this as a number from 
here onwards given that the portfolio has seen some level of maturity, or you see further 
increase possible in this ratio?  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
In the Xpress Credit? 
 
 
- Mr. M B Mahesh – Executive Director, Kotak Securities 
 
Yeah. 
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
We hope to bring it down.  
 
 
- Mr. M B Mahesh – Executive Director, Kotak Securities 
 
Okay. So, the third question is on the cost side. If you look at last year, the expectation 
was that the staff cost will be somewhere around ₹ 75,000 odd crores to ₹ 80,000 crores. 
Current run rate seems to be on the lower side today for the last couple of quarters. The 
rates declined but yet we don't seem to be seeing retirement related expenses being 
higher. So, if you just kind of reconcile some of these numbers?  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
No, staff expenses, as we mentioned earlier also that the wage revision related evening 
out has happened, right. That means that the run rate will continue at this level till the 
next wage revision is on the horizon.  
 
 
 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 23 of 29 
- Mr. M B Mahesh – Executive Director, Kotak Securities 
 
So, when interest rate declines you get gains and you get provisions on this side as well.  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Oh! On the provision for the pension?  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Yeah. So, I think, one is from an actuarial assessment point of view, our Pension liability 
is well provided for. Actually, we have a regular run rate of making the provision for 
pension. Sometimes the uptick will happen when the yield movement happens because 
the underlying planned book, what do you call, planned portfolio/planned securities, if 
any movement is there that happens. In this quarter, we actually had a gain there and 
we have written back some of the provision. So, that is the reason you see the provision 
for employees coming down. 
 
I hope I answered your question, but the run rate continues to be that ₹ 3400 crores per 
quarter.  
 
 
- Mr. M B Mahesh – Executive Director, Kotak Securities 
 
Okay, yeah. Ideally, in a declining interest rate this provision should have been higher, 
not lower.  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
No, that is what I am saying that when the rate has come down, we should have made 
higher provision, but we had a positive MTM on the securities which got nullified.  
 
 
- Ms. Saloni Narayan - Deputy Managing Director (Finance), State Bank of India 
 
Gain on the fair value. 
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Gain on the fair value of the securities.  
 
 
 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 24 of 29 
- Mr. M B Mahesh – Executive Director, Kotak Securities 
 
Okay-okay. 
 
 
- Mr. Param Subramaniam – Nomura 
 
Param Subramaniam from Nomura.  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Okay, please go ahead.  
 
 
- Mr. Param Subramaniam – Nomura 
 
Sir, first question is on the MCLR. So, in the first half you have seen an increase which 
is higher than what the other banks, large banks, have seen about 30 bps. So, is there 
any revisit in the formula there that's driving that on the MCLR?  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
No, the MCLR is a function of cost of resources, basically. As the cost of deposit is going 
up, it will get reflected in the ability to pass on the MCLR. Sometimes we take a call to 
pass it on, sometimes we don't do that. But technically, this is a function of cost of 
resources.  
 
 
- Ms. Saloni Narayan - Deputy Managing Director (Finance), State Bank of India 
 
We still have a cushion of 35 bps.  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
We still have 35 bps to pass on. We will have to see when we can do that.  
 
 
- Mr. Param Subramaniam – Nomura 
 
Okay. There is no change in the formula or… 
 
 
 
 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 25 of 29 
- Ms. Saloni Narayan - Deputy Managing Director (Finance), State Bank of India 
 
No-no. 
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
No-no, there is no change in the formula.  
 
 
- Mr. Param Subramaniam – Nomura 
 
Okay-okay. Secondly, Sir, is there any impact of penal interest reclassification in the 
margins?  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
None. 
 
 
- Mr. Param Subramaniam – Nomura 
 
None? Okay. And the other one, Sir, on the pipeline, you mentioned ₹ 6 trillion of pipeline 
in the corporate loans. I just wanted to clarify that, you know, because the number you 
used to say in the previous quarters, what I recollect, is about ₹ 4 - ₹ 4.5 trillion, So, that 
number is like comparable with ₹ 6 trillion, so it has gone up?  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Gone up. 
 
 
- Ms. Saloni Narayan - Deputy Managing Director (Finance), State Bank of India 
 
Yes, of course. 
 
 
- Mr. Param Subramaniam – Nomura 
 
That is the number?  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
It has gone up.  

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 26 of 29 
- Mr. Param Subramaniam – Nomura 
 
And one last question, if I may. So, the presentation still mentions open to raise growth 
capital if needed, so I just wanted your stance on that.  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Next presentation also we may have that. Till we raise the capital.  
 
 
- Mr. Param Subramaniam – Nomura 
 
Okay. Thanks a lot, sir. All the best.  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Thank you. 
 
 
- Mr. Pawan Kumar - General Manager (Performance, Planning and Review), State 
Bank of India 
 
So, we have a few questions coming in through online webcast. They will now be 
addressed by the Chairman Sir.  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
- This is a question from Mayur Parkeria, Wealth Manager: Is the cost-to-income ratio 
sustainable at current levels?  
 
I mentioned in my opening remarks also, the effort is to contain the cost-to-income ratio 
below 50. Of course, cost-to-income ratio, we believe sustainable because no more 
provisioning on the wage revision, more focus on digitalization leading reduced 
expenses. I think operational efficiencies combined with focus on increasing the 
Operating Income. That is going to be our focus. And we are also working on how we 
reduce the overheads as much as possible. Of course, our overheads growth is not very 
significant and it is just taking care of the inflation and 2% - 3% more. More focus on 
improving income, particularly on the Other Income side. We are working very seriously 
on the ecosystem banking and the corporate relationship. In terms of cash management, 
we completely revamping our cash management product and we are rejuvenating our 
YONO business where the one- stop-solution will be provided to the corporates. I think 
that is all going to help us in terms of maintaining the cost-to-income ratio. 
 
 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 27 of 29 
- The next question is from Sanjay Jain: Can SBI maintain the current level of profitability, 
ROA of 1.17%?  
 
I think, again, I said that the guidance which we are giving is the ROA of 1%. Anything 
extra is the bonus. We hope to maintain at least 1% ROA. 
 
 
- Next question is from Mona Khaitan, Dolat Capital: What is the recovery from written-off 
accounts this quarter?  
 
Do you have the number, Ashutosh? Yeah, the recovery from written-off accounts during 
the quarter is ₹ 2,336 crores. 
 
 
- Question from Manoj Alimchandani: Please give impact of rate cuts globally on our 
domestic and overseas business and growth. Please share how deep the problems in 
unsecured loans, MFI business and Credit card business, any data points and solutions 
according to bank management and time for recovery stress, if any?  
 
One is bank is an absolutely well insulated in both assets and liability side. Asset, there 
will be a marginal impact on the business and growth. But our overseas business model 
is that we rely heavily on the market borrowings. Obviously, any movement on the rates 
will increase our borrowing cost. But our overseas book also has a flexibility of ramping 
up and ramping down. So, we will just take a call on the basis of the rate movement 
there. And as far as the unsecured loan, more than 95% of the total Personal loan 
portfolio has been extended to salary package customers. The credit card industry has 
continued to witness some stress as evidenced by elevated delinquency level. This trend 
is mirrored in the portfolio of SBI cards as well. So, SBI card, sources above 50% of its 
customers from open market and the rest from SBI. And as far as the MFI business, I 
think, we also mentioned in the press meet that our MFI portfolio is just about ₹ 10,000 
- ₹ 11,000 crores. In the overall picture, it does not really add up to anything. And also, 
the book is behaving well. We don't see any untoward incidents happening in the MFI 
book. 
 
 
- This question is from Demant Shah: Plans for monetizing your stake in YES Bank.  
 
As of now, there is no such plan. We will deliberate at an opportune time. 
 
 
- Aditya Kumar. What are bank’s initiative and efforts to increase market share? 
 
I mentioned market share initiatives both on the deposits and the credit. Focus on 
adopting the region-specific strategies. I mentioned, the current accounts, we have 
identified 100 potential growth centres for current accounts and savings accounts and 
focusing on them. And also, we have identified the branches which have shown negative 
growth trends and focus on them. The granular manner of focusing on the branch as 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 28 of 29 
well as even up to the individual officer level is helping us to mobilize the deposits. The 
targeting negative growth branches specifically by mentioning, you know, through the 
senior officials and mentoring them. 
 
 
- CG Philip, Renaissance: Reason for jump in SMA-1 book sequentially.  
 
That I have explained. We are seeing good traction in deposits; do we expect this to 
continue? Hopefully, I think we'll continue. I think a lot of effort is going into deposit 
mobilization. We have galvanized our branch network and also some of these initiatives 
and premier banking, I think, are likely to help us to continue the momentum. 
 
 
- Kaitav Shah, Anand Rathi: Three questions. Loan growth outlook in context of slower 
economic growth.  
 
I think we already have discussed enough on the loan growth.  
 
- What is exposure to MFI and do we have it from the same?  
 
I explained, again, earlier.  
 
- Any guidance on slippages and credit costs?  
 
Broad guidance on the credit costs we have given that, I think, 50 bps and that slippages 
hopefully will be contained. For Q2FY25, the slippages ratio stands at 0.51% and credit 
cost at 0.38%. We believe that slippage ratio and credit cost to maintain below 60 bps 
and 40 bps, respectively. 
 
 
- This is Ranjit RP: Industry figures are now reporting deposit growth rate outpacing 
advance growth rate.  
 
I think Mahrukh has already asked this question. SBI, the trend is reversed, what 
measures are being taken for the convergence of deposit growth? As I said, our effort is 
to cover the incremental credit growth with the incremental deposits. That is what we will 
be focusing on. 
 
 
- This is Akshat Agarwal, SMFS Limited: Wanted to check what is driving higher yields 
and domestic advances this quarter? As in Page 16 of presentation with cumulative 
domestic yield inching up 4 basis points per quarter, is it movement in higher yielding 
business mix or MCLR increase or some other repricing?  
 
I think it's a combination. I think on the corporate book, we are trying to negotiate harder 
on the pricing. Some of the MCLR increase also has aided us in terms of gaining the 

State Bank of India  
November 08, 2024 
Page 29 of 29 
yield. SME advances have grown by 17.36% as against domestic advances, which is 
also resulting in the yield pickup. 
 
 
- Mr. Pawan Kumar - General Manager (Performance, Planning and Review), State 
Bank of India 
 
I trust all the questions have been addressed. We will be happy to respond to other 
questions in offline mode. 
 
Let me end the evening with thanking the Chairman sir, the top management team, the 
analysts, ladies and gentlemen. We thank you all for taking time out of your schedule 
and joining us for this event. To round off this evening, we request you all present here 
to join us for high tea, which is arranged just outside this hall. Thank you. Thank you so 
much.  
 
 
- Mr. C.S. Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India 
 
Thank you, everyone.  
 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
