 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited (formerly known as Indiabulls Housing Finance Limited) (CIN: L65922DL2005PLC136029)  
Corp. Off.  4th Floor, Augusta point, Golf Course Road, DLF Phase-5, Sector – 53, Gurugram, Haryana - 122002. T. +91 124 668 1212 F. +91 124 668 1111 
Reg. Off. 5th Floor, Building No.27, KG Marg, Connaught Place, New Delhi-110001. T. +91 11 4353 2950 F. +91 11 4353 2947. 
Email. homeloans@sammaancapital.com Web. www.sammaancapital.com 
 
 
Date: November 18, 2024 
 
Scrip Code – 535789, 890192 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
MUMBAI – 400 001 
SAMMAANCAP/EQ, SCLPP 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E). 
MUMBAI – 400 051 
 
Sub:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended – transcript of conference call – financial results for the 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
We refer to our intimation dated November 16, 2024, informing that the Company has uploaded the 
audio recording of the conference call hosted by it on November 15, 2024 to discuss the financial results 
of the Company for the quarter and half ended September 30, 2024, on its website.  
 
In this connection, pursuant to the provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) (Second Amendment) Regulations, 2021 notified by SEBI on May 5, 2021, please find 
enclosed the transcript of the said conference call. The said transcript is also being uploaded on the 
website of the Company.  
 
Please take the aforesaid intimation on record. 
  
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Sammaan Capital Limited  
(formerly known as Indiabulls Housing Finance Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Amit Jain 
Company Secretary 
 
CC:  
Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited, Singapore (“SGX”) 
India International Exchange IFSC Limited (“India INX”) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AMIT 
KUMAR JAIN
Digitally signed by 
AMIT KUMAR JAIN 
Date: 2024.11.18 
15:43:26 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Sammaan Capital Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 15, 2024 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GAGAN BANGA – VICE-CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – SAMMAAN CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KAMAL MULCHANDANI – INVESTEC 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Sammaan Capital Q2 FY '25 Conference 
Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kamal Mulchandani from Investec. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Kamal Mulchandani: 
Thank you, Darwin. Good evening, everyone. We have on the call, Mr. Gagan Banga, Managing 
Director, joined by other senior management of Sammaan Capital for the Q2 FY '25 results. I 
will hand over the call to Mr. Gagan Banga for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Gagan Banga: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Today, as I speak to you, I do with a deep sense of pride 
and determination, pride in the results that we've achieved and a determination to chart the future 
of sustained growth and excellence. 
 
Before I explain the various tactical and strategic steps that we have taken through this quarter, 
I would like to focus first on the strong operating performance of the company. If you refer to 
Slide 3 of the earnings presentation. Pre-provisioning operating profit is up to INR828 crores 
from quarter 2 fiscal '25 and INR1,525 crores for first half fiscal '25, up from INR679 crores in 
Q2 last year and INR1,015 crores in the first half last year. 
 
Aside of the one-time fair market value related provisions of approximately INR4,000 crores, 
which I'll spend a lot of time on, the adjusted PAT for the first half fiscal '25 is INR601 crores, 
in line with the PAT declared in the first half of last year. 
 
Cash collections, and this is the most important point. Cash collections from the legacy book 
were at their highest in the first half at INR5,053 crores. If you recollect, during the earnings call 
of last quarter, which is quarter 1, fiscal '25, I had set a target for ourselves that we would be 
doing cash collections from the legacy book of approximately INR3,000 crores. I am happy to 
update this audience that we have done cash collections of INR3,104 crores. And I'll run you 
through some of the recent transactions during the course of this call from where this money has 
come. 
 
It may seem from the provision number, etcetera, as if there was a blip in asset quality. I would 
like to confirm to you that this provision is merely tactical in nature, and it creates a large 
provision buffer for an even more rapid rundown of the legacy book. There are no new major 
slippages in the legacy book or in the new book whatsoever.  
Additional effective provision cushion of INR4,050 crores against the consolidated legacy book 
now implies almost INR10,000 crores imputed provision buffer, which runs to approximately 
30% of the legacy book today we carry as imputed provisions. 
 
We've done a very deep scrub of the book. Again, we would go into details of that. As a result 
of that, gross NPAs are at their lowest in 22 quarters. Gross NPAs plus Stage 2 loans at their 
lowest ever point. Net worth in the parent, SCL, despite the provisions stand at INR21,000 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
crores, up by approximately INR3,000 crores since March of '24. Consolidated net worth is also 
up from INR19,792 crores at the end of March '24 to now INR19,979 crores at the end of 
September '24. Retail disbursals are now chugging along at a comfortable number of INR1,000 
crores per month. 
 
Two quarters ago, we had said that we will have 1 slide dedicated to the strategic priorities and 
we'll update all of our stakeholders on that in a dedicated manner, such that the tracking of the 
company's performance is that much easier. The legacy AUM has increased to -- sorry, has fallen 
from INR37,386 crores at the end of last quarter to INR30,918 crores, that almost like INR6,500 
crore, INR7,000 crores reduction. The growth AUM, which is all the disbursals that we've been 
doing since fiscal '22, that AUM has increased from INR29,000 crores to now past INR32,000 
crores, and we are well on our way to achieve INR1 lakh crores of growth AUM target by fiscal 
'27. 
 
Annual incremental disbursals have increased to now almost a rate of -- touching INR15,000 
crores annually. The incremental ROE, which is as an end target of 3.2% has now inched up to 
3%. Incremental ROE has gone up to 15.8% versus a target of 18%, which we hope to achieve 
by fiscal '27. Net NPA is at 1.4%. We have to bring this down further, and this should come in 
line to about below 1.2% by the end of fiscal '27. 
 
Cost-to-income ratio at the end of -- for the first half stood at about 25% as we gain scale and 
gain more momentum around our disbursals and the AUM, this is also coming towards the target 
of our fiscal '25 number, which is to bring it down to less than 20%. 
 
So all the steps that we needed to take to build a diversified and granular retail business have 
been taken. The results of that are showing. The other focus area of rapid rundown of our legacy 
business, that is also happening and happening at a pretty rapid pace. And asset quality is 
supported by recoveries. There are steady recoveries, and the NPAs as a consequence, are the 
lowest in 22 quarters. 
 
Now I would like you to refer to Page 4 of the earnings deck. From Page 4 -- in Page 4, what we 
are trying to establish is the impact of the rights issue, the equity raise that we had. At the time 
of the equity raise, in my earnings call at that time, I had mentioned that to bring back growth, 
we needed a trigger. And generally, equity capital raise is a great trigger. I'd also mentioned at 
that time that the objective of raising capital was tactical as well as for it to get the growth 
restarted. 
 
I'm happy to update that as a result of that, the debt capital flow, which had been disturbed for 
about 5 years for the company, has now completely regularized. If you notice on Slide 4, in a 
comparable period, which is March to October in calendar year '23, we raised approximately 
INR7,300 crores. In the same period, March to October '24, we have achieved almost 2x of that. 
And if we go into November, it's already gone past 2x. 
 
I would also like to clarify that these numbers do not include the rollovers that we do of our 
working capital facilities. Those are beyond that. And while in our ALM, we have a different 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
sort of an assumption. Otherwise, in day-to-day business, we assume that they would continue 
to roll forward. 
 
The next slide that I would like you to look at is Slide 5, which is extremely important to put in 
context the steps taken by the company and why we believe those steps are proactive in nature 
and tactical in nature. We are all aware of the fact that there has been a change in outlook of the 
Reserve Bank. The Reserve Bank has been very, very hawkish as far as credit flow of some 
products from NBFCs and banks. There have been fairly stringent regulatory action happening 
around us with other regulated entities, both NBFCs and banks. 
 
In that context, if you see Slide 5, our regulatory interactions are fairly robust. We got an 
approval from the regulators for de-promoterization last year, which was important. We then 
earlier last month, concluded our last financial year's annual inspection. And there was no impact 
on capital whatsoever. No fines whatsoever. Subsequent to that -- sorry, earlier, a few months 
before that, we had received the new certificate of registration for Sammaan Capital with some 
forbearance which were unique. 
 
We also, in October, received a new certificate of registration for Sammaan Finserve. Why I am 
bringing this to everyone's attention is, again, to underline and highlight the fact that all the steps 
taken through quarter 2 fiscal '25 are tactical and proactive. That we would be taking tactical 
steps in order to run down the book more rapidly in order to pursue recoveries from parent 
borrowers is something that I have been highlighting in the last 2 earnings calls. 
 
And there were specific questions. There were fairly specific answers to the extent that one can 
say. And the bottom line of this entire exercise is that thanks to cooperation of the shareholders, 
thanks to cooperation of the providers of equity capital, we've been able to take all the desired 
steps for a tactical rundown without impacting the net worth. 
 
The net worth, as I mentioned a short while back, both on a stand-alone for Sammaan Capital 
Limited as well as on a consolidated basis, is now around INR20,000 crores. With a strengthened 
balance sheet and a focused retail strategy, and along with the excellent work that the team has 
been doing on all fronts, be it forwarding the retail priority or forwarding the cash collection 
target on the legacy book, we are now charting the path for accelerated growth. 
 
We are not only looking at the growth of the AUM. I spent a lot of time last quarter talking about 
quality of the growth, making sure that the risk management culture and the compliance culture 
was at the center of everything that we do. If we have to make a lasting impact on the financial 
landscape in India, we will have to look at both the growth in AUM and profit, as well as the 
quality of this growth, which we are fully focused on. 
 
In order to take this forward, we have utilized a license that we hold at a subsidiary level. 
Sammaan Finserve Limited is now going to be our designated vehicle for pursuing a new line 
of business, which we had been incubating for the last 2 years under the Smart City program. If 
you refer to our last few earnings updates in the product suite, we've spoken about the Smart 
City program. The incubation process is over. And now we are in the process of scaling at this 
company. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 
Sammaan Finserve Limited was a mirror image of the parent company. It has become a mirror 
image of the parent company over a period of time. We did a very, very deep scrub of the book 
in order to, at an arm's length, achieving fair market value and in full compliance with regulatory 
requirements, transfer what was not going to remain as a core asset for it. 
 
As far as a business which is discontinued, with the help of advisers on both the legal, audit, 
valuation, etcetera, from names such as Deloitte, BDO, CAM and IndusLaw, we've done our 
transfer of assets. It has been done in the most transparent manner with a lot of rigor and 
diligence. And I'm quite sure it will lay down a very strong foundation for a very long growth 
trajectory, a very sustained growth trajectory in the affordable housing space, for Sammaan 
Finserve Limited. 
 
To just put in context the degree of the scrub done locally on the opening book of Sammaan 
Finserve, when we started doing this exercise, the net NPA now left in that company is all of 
INR25 crores. That's the sort of a cleanup which has been done. This transfer also allows us to 
rightsize the capital structure of Sammaan Finserve. For the size of that company, it was 
overcapitalized. Now with a net worth of approximately INR3,000 crores, it's a very well-
capitalized company. We've created a new growth avenue aligned with India's need for 
affordable housing, a sector that values innovation, commitment and also has a social impact. 
 
Peer companies in this space typically trade at valuations of more than 4x their net worth. Given 
the size that Sammaan Finserve already is at with an AUM of approximately INR5,000 crores, 
the AUM of this company will become of relevant size very quickly, which also provides 
Sammaan Capital with an opportunity to utilize this as a quick monetization tool and bring in a 
strategic partner who will then further help to grow the affordable housing business. 
 
Now spending some time on the business transfer from Sammaan Finserve to Sammaan Capital. 
Both the NBFCs today were conducting seemingly overlapping businesses. The -- what we have 
done is that we have effectively transferred the legacy business which was common from 
Sammaan Finserve to Sammaan Capital. Now the entire legacy book has been consolidated 
through this transfer of approximately INR3,000 crores, has been consolidated in Sammaan 
Capital Limited. 
 
In the process of doing so, both companies, which is Sammaan Capital and Sammaan Finserve, 
with different objectives in mind, did a very detailed portfolio scrub. Some external advisers 
were also roped in, in order to facilitate the valuation of assets, loan to values, etcetera. Through 
this comprehensive and exhaustive portfolio evaluation, the brief given was that we should leave 
no stone unturned in ensuring that there is complete clarity around the portfolio. And we are 
absolutely ready to make sure that the commitment around the portfolio run down, as well as the 
recoveries that we are making, those will be achieved. 
 
Our teams meticulously analyzed every loan on our books, took them forward 12 quarters to see 
loan by loan, month by month, what was going to be coming due, whether any of those 
repayments or the loans that were coming through for completion in terms of construction, 
whether there was going to be any delay in the construction progress or in the loan repayment 
progress. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
 
As is also noticeable from our deck, the legacy book in our case is an interest earning book. The 
collections that we do are split between principal and interest. So the INR5,000-odd crores of 
collections that we have done are cash collections. A portion goes towards principal, and some 
portion is allocated towards the new interest. We also had to make sure that since there was a 
process of asset transfer involved, it is done in the most credible and impartial manner. 
 
The regulatory requirements lead us to ensure that even though it's a 100% subsidiary which is 
transferring assets, it is done at an arm's length. It is done at a fair market value. It is done in a 
context that it makes business sense for both the subsidiary and the parent. So the process was 
adopted as if the sale was going to happen to a third party. Bids were invited from third parties, 
and we received 2 bids from third parties. All of this acted as a ground for us to be able to 
appropriately value the assets. 
 
As part of the valuation exercise, a portion of the credit cost of approximately INR4,000 crores 
which has passed through the P&L of Sammaan Finserve was allocated to a complete cleanup 
of anything which was overdue. I earlier mentioned that the degree of cleanup can be put in 
perspective from the fact that this company is left with all of INR25 crores of NPA. A similar 
exercise was done at the parent level. And whatever fair market value discount was to be offered 
was then transferred to the parent as a general provision buffer, which can be utilized for any 
assets which the parent has carried. 
 
Before I move forward, I'd just like to highlight that in the earnings call last quarter, one of the 
participants had asked me about the quantum of hit that we take from the rundown of the legacy 
book. And I clearly said at that time, why are you assuming a hit? I had gone down to say we 
will take tactical steps. But look at our past track record. Whenever we have taken such tactical 
steps, that has resulted in recoveries from cases which would have been otherwise practically 
impossible to recover in quick time. 
 
Cost of capital is very relevant in our case. Time value of money is even more relevant in our 
case. And all tactical steps tend to increase the net present value of the effective recovery which 
we end up doing. At this stage, I'll give you some examples of cases where we took provisions 
in the past which enabled us to pursue recovery actions, which resulted in recoveries from cases 
which were otherwise chronically tough to recover. 
 
There is a very famous building in Worli, which is amongst the tallest towers of Mumbai. A few 
years ago, we had provided for INR750 crores on our books. We took swift legal action, and we 
were able to turn around that asset within about 12 months of having taken this recovery action 
step. There's also a case in the NCR, where on a running mall, we have taken provisions of a 
large sum of money, put it through the SARFAESI process and recovered INR600 crores from 
an asset which we had classified as NPA and provided for. The provisions enable the recovery 
process. And we were able to recover our entire loan amount. 
 
There is another case in the National Capital Region. It was recently reported, again, a stressed 
loan against which we had created provisions in the past. The transaction, which just concluded, 
is a transaction on a mall and an office of approximately INR1,000 crores. Such collections, as 
I mentioned earlier, are an outcome of provisions and help us do the cash collections, which 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
we've reported of over INR3,000 crores in this quarter and over -- almost INR6,000 crores in 
the first half. 
 
For those who track annual reports, if you look at our financial year '22 annual report, you would 
notice security receipts standing there of INR2,181 crores. As of September 30, 2024, that 
INR2,181 crores stock of security receipts has already declined to INR500 crores. So from all 
of us know, asset reconstruction companies acquired stressed assets.  
From these stressed assets -- when you sell to these asset reconstruction companies, you line up, 
taking provisions, making haircuts and so on. And via this sale, one is able to ensure that there 
is robust collection, which we have done off close to about INR1,700 crores in 2.5 years on just 
the book which was sold to ARC. Which is close to about 75% of the book. 
 
These examples illustrate not only our meticulous planning, but also our ability to execute 
recovery strategies with precision and resolve. Our current provisioning, which has happened 
through this exercise, which is effectively rightsizing an overcapitalized subsidiary and using 
the capital of that subsidiary to make sure that the overall company on a consolidated basis is 
sitting with a provision buffer and extra provision buffer. And the entire book has been 
completely scrubbed. 
 
At this stage, through this entire exercise, which I'll explain in a little bit more of detail, I would 
like to emphasize, assure -- just stopping short of guaranteeing, as there's no guarantees in life. 
But more than with almost 100% confidence, assure you guys that our track record of 145 basis 
points of annualized credit cost which we had in fiscal '23 -- '24, sorry, and about the same 
number in fiscal '23, that would now decline to around 80 to 90 basis points, sub 100 basis points 
on an annualized basis hereon. This provision buffer, as has been explained on the slide, will be 
-- is imputed provision. And as the book runs down, these provisions will also be written back. 
 
Now if we can refer to Slide 15, please. Through this exercise, what we have achieved is creation 
of an affordable housing subsidiary with its own business plan, cleaned up NPA and Stage 2 
loans across the entire consolidated entity, which is the Sammaan Capital Group, both Sammaan 
Capital and Sammaan Finserve.  
Now we have a provision cushion of approximately INR4,050 crores. The imputed provisions 
now stand at INR9,575 crores, representing approximately 30% of the legacy loan book. As I 
mentioned a few minutes ago, the consolidated gross credit cost hereon will be 80 to 100 basis 
points on a running basis versus 145 basis points with favour in fiscal '24. 
 
We've also significantly improved the financials of the parent, Sammaan Capital, on a stand-
alone basis. This company is where we hold 95% of our borrowings. And any improvement in 
its financials significantly improves the probability of being able to get more capital at a cheaper 
cost. It's a stated objective that we have to be reducing our cost of capital. Rapid collections help 
us do that. Now the net worth stands increased by INR3,000 crores. The net own funds also 
stand increased by around INR3,000 crores. The asset quality -- reported asset quality of gross 
NPA, net NPA Stage 2, etcetera, have significantly improved. And further, we have a tactical 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
provision pool which will help us enable collections on the legacy loan, thereby improving the 
net present value of these loans. 
 
We've also been able to achieve a clean separation of the business. We have a prime housing 
loan and an urban MSME loan business which is humming along well in Sammaan Capital and 
a new line of business which will be the future of Sammaan Finserve. A complete separation of 
processes, systems, leading greater focus to these distinct lines of businesses is being put in play. 
This will also aid in greater shareholder transparency, regulatory compliances. And in due course 
of time, it will enable us to find an able partner in Sammaan Finserve. 
 
If we are to spend a few minutes on the new entity that we have created. If we move to Slide 9. 
The starting net worth of this entity is INR3,000 crores. We expect the entity to do about 
INR6,000 crores of disbursals next year, achieve an AUM of approximately INR10,000 crores 
next year, over INR15,000 crores in the year after. And by fiscal '27, get to profitability in the 
handle of INR500 crores with an ROE of around 15%, which can expand to past 20%. 
 
When we run down the legacy book, I was often questioned as to, you are replacing a high-
yielding book with a book that you are essentially doing around prime borrowers, and therefore, 
your spreads will be compressed. And overall, your ROA, how will it improve to the 3% that 
you're projecting. We were incubating this business. And now with the combination of this 
business, along with the origination machine, which has scaled up in Sammaan Capital, we are 
fairly confident that the consolidated ROA will get past 3% target that we've set for fiscal '27. 
 
This is a large part of our growth business. The rest of the growth business is well discovered. 
We've been doing that. We've built a book of approximately INR30,000 crores there. At 
INR32,000 crores of growth AUM, now we have tipped over earlier, the ratio of the legacy book 
to the growth book was -- the legacy book was approximately 60%. This quarter, we have tipped 
that over. Now the growth book is around 55% of the overall AUM. 
 
If you move to Slide 17, this will give you good snapshot of the legacy book. The first point to 
highlight as far as the legacy book is concerned is that this contains everything that we had done 
prior to fiscal '22. Prior to fiscal '22, let's say, at the start of our degrowth phase, the legacy book 
stood at INR1,20,000 crores. As we speak, this book has declined to INR30,000 crores. That 
INR90,000 crores of principal rundown. And tens of thousands of crores of interest, which has 
been collected in the process. Which has resulted in cash flow, which has been used to net reduce 
our debt by over INR82,000 crores. 
 
A net debt reduction can only happen from collection -- cash collection. Our primary source of 
cash collection is interest and principal that we receive. The new book is still very small. Most 
of the INR82,000 crores rundown, which has happened via our collections from this legacy book, 
which I've shared with you, stands to the tune of approximately INR90,000 crores of principal 
has come down. 
 
We are left with the tail of this book. And given the traction that we are witnessing that we've 
seen in the first half, we've seen in the second quarter, we are fairly confident and therefore, have 
been able to project that per half year, how much this book will run down by, which is 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
approximately INR5,000 crores to INR6,000 crores per every half year. Again, I would like to 
highlight that this is just the principal rundown. The interest portion is on top of that. Therefore, 
the cash collections which are anticipated would be on top of that. 
 
To spend some time on the expected cash collections and the recoveries from what has been 
already written down and/or provided for. In the second half of this year, we are expecting 
INR7,650 crores of cash collections on top of the INR5,000 crores of cash collections we've 
already done. In the second half of this year, both quarter 3 and quarter 4 put together, we are 
expecting write-back of INR1,650 crores.  
In the first half next year, we are similarly expecting cash collections of INR5,700 crores, 
followed by INR5,800 crores and recoveries to the tune of about INR1,670 crores next year. 
These numbers have been detailed to the extent of every loan, which month it has to pay what, 
whether it will self-pay or we will have to get the asset liquidated. And then a reasonable degree 
of time lag has also been built in. 
 
Why we are being able to do this is if you look at the breakup that we have provided on the book, 
this book runs at a very moderate loan to value. If you look at the loan-to-value slide, almost 
70% of the book today runs at a loan to value which is not even 70%. A large part of this book 
consists of collateral which is backed by residential properties. There are -- there were some 
malls which we are -- which we have either liquidated. There were some office spaces which 
have been sold. Now, a large portion of this book is backed by a granular residential property. 
 
Only about 7% of this book is overdue, with Stage 2 assets at only 3.5%. What has been already 
classified as substandard is 4.2%. What has been written off would be a further approximately 
INR10,000 crores. So this book is largely current, paying both interest and principal. And 
therefore, our ability to work with these borrowers who are current and get them to pay in a 
systematic basis is very high. For those who are parent, we have taken them, created provisions 
against them, which as and when these assets get sold, the provisions will get unwound. 
 
The other big advantage is that we've not ventured into Tier 2, 3, 4 locations as far as the legacy 
book is concerned. The larger ticket assets are best done where land values are high, and thereby, 
that has an immediate positive impact on the loan to value. If you see, our entire concentration 
is on the top 5 cities of the country: Mumbai Metropolitan Region; the National Capital Region 
around Delhi, which is Delhi, Gurgaon and Noida; then Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune. Anything 
beyond that, which includes, Chennai, Kolkata and other larger state capitals, all of those is, give 
or take, approximately 5%. 
 
Most of these assets have been completed or have received occupancy certificate. We need to 
spend only approximately -- by spend, I mean, disburse further loans of only approximately 
INR1,000 crores for the balance, 32% to also get completed. Most of these assets are at very 
advanced stages. Practically, every month, we are getting occupancy certificate for assets of 
approximately 200,000 square feet. So in the next 24 months, as these assets mature, we should 
be able to sell the homes or select from sales already done. And which will run into the cash 
collections, which we have summarized in the table below. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
 
The cash collections that we have done in the first half. If you refer to the box on the left, these 
have largely come from a sale of a mall in Bangalore, where the transaction value was INR600 
crores. I spoke about -- a short while ago about the mall and office in NCR, which was sold at 
about INR1,000 crores. There was a completed office building in Delhi, which was sold for 
about INR1,100 crores. And again, a residential property in South Delhi, which was sold at -- 
for INR100 crores. 
 
Continuing with the analysis of the legacy book. I would request you to refer to Slide 18. If you 
look at this slide, in fiscal '20, we had a net worth of approximately INR15,000 crores against 
then a loan book of INR1 lakh crores. Which was the book built prior to fiscal 2022, which we 
now classify as the legacy book. This legacy book has since then declined now to approximately 
INR30,000 crores, in which the cash collection since fiscal '20 has been approximately 
INR70,000 crores. And the interest collection has been approximately INR25,000 crores. 
 
While doing our planning around and doing the deep scrub and cutting provisions and doing all 
of that, we built a hypothetical scenario and said let's do a capital allocation process. So we 
attributed INR15,000 crores of our net worth of INR20,000 crores to this book, legacy book. 
This implies today that the debt to equity of the legacy book is effectively 1:1. The balance, 
INR5,000 crores, we kept aside for our retail assets, where the effective debt equity then is a 
very moderate 3:1. By the first half of fiscal '26, the legacy loan book will be down to INR20,000 
crores. And as this pays down further, the released equity capital will catalyze the retail loan 
book growth. 
 
I refer back to my opening comments, where I said I am extremely happy with where we are and 
what we've achieved in the first half in the year, which have gone by. And this is why I'm so 
happy, that this has now become a self-fuelling growth engine. As we do recoveries which we 
have projected in the next few quarters of INR4,050 crores, that's the quantum of write-backs 
which will happen, which will aid profitability and will also provide cash flows for the retail 
loan book growth. 
 
As we mentioned, there are implied provisions now of INR9,575 crores. So the legacy book 
today is running on a 1:1 debt equity and has an imputed provision cover of 30% of the book. I 
hope with this, any and every concern around the legacy book that you guys ever had gets done 
and over with. 
 
On a personal note, as I reflect on our journey, I have been often told that this rundown that we 
achieved on the book since 2019, the fallout of the IL&FS crisis, how the sector was hit, how 
we were hit. A lot of people tell me, you weathered the storm, you survived turmoil, and good 
job, Gagan, you've navigated the company through unprecedented challenges. If I think about 
this, that if I was to hypothetically hang up my boots today, what would be my legacy?  
I believe it will be a legacy of being a survivor. I would not want to hang up my boots with the 
legacy of being a survivor. I'm here to build, build an institution that stands tall not just today, 
but for decades to come, for generations to come. And as and when I am to hang up my boots, 
it is my desire, ambition, passion and hope that I leave behind a legacy of being an institution 
builder. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
 
I hope Sammaan Capital will be an institution that isn't nearly resilient, but it is inspirational. A 
company that sets benchmarks, redefined norms and leaves an indelible mark on the financial 
landscape in this company. The journey going forward and that is how we should think about 
institution building. And this is a message not only to stakeholders on this call, but to my team, 
is that we are building something which is timeless, something which embodies strength, 
innovation, transparency and excellent. 
 
And I believe as the CEO, I know how to do this. Between 2009 and '19. For 42 quarters, we 
demonstrated consistent growth. Several people talk about that as our golden era. Every year, 
we distributed 50% of our profits as dividend without sales. And then from 2019 to '24, we had, 
in the light of severe turmoil in the industry, we had to do course correction.  
While doing the course connection, we built a new business model, did an orderly debt 
repayment program, chose to voluntarily move from a promoter-led company to a truly Board-
driven institution on professionally managed institution. Perhaps it's a very, very unique 
transition in the financial services sector. I am not aware of any such transition which has 
happened where a promoter-led institution of size transforms to Board-led, professionally 
managed institution. 
 
While we were fraught with challenges, we work very hard to make sure that the trust of our 
stakeholders is not broken, which is why the focus on ensuring that our lenders never feel 
shortchanged, scared about the money that they've lent to us. And we were managing a 
borrowing program of INR1,20,000 crores. 
 
As I stand before you today or sit and speak with you today, the time has come, and I'm confident 
that the time has come to build growth back. The foundation is ready. The vision is clear, and 
the winds of opportunities are at our back. The real estate cycle is on the upswing. It happens 
once in a decade. Demand for housing, particularly affordable housing, is surging, and the 
market indicators point to a sustained uptrend. 
 
This cycle has been a tailwind for us in the past few years. And now we believe with this strong 
balance sheet and cyclical advantages, we are uniquely positioned to harness this advantage to 
its full potential. Thank you so much for your support, and I look forward to responding to a few 
questions from your side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
Gagan Banga: 
Yes. I would just like to clarify. I believe the team, by mistake, had sent a work-in-progress 
version of the earnings update and another mail was sent. Please refer to the second mail while 
looking at the data points and kindly ignore the first mail. We've also uploaded the corrected 
version on our website and have also sent it to the exchange in Bloomberg. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the first question from the line of Sumit Bhalotia from MK Ventures. 
Sumit Bhalotia: 
Hi, Gagan. I think this time around you've shared a lot of detailed disclosure of the legacy book. 
So that's very helpful. Two questions from my side, one on the legacy book and second on the 
new book that we intend to grow. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
 
So on the legacy book, while you've have spoken a lot on the provision that you have done. just 
to get it right, so this is a one-time provisioning and now we are back to business as usual when 
our credit costs will dip to a much lower level than what we have seen for the last, say, 8 to 10 
quarters. That is one. 
 
Secondly, this transfer of assets that we did from SFL to the parent. Did that led to this INR4,050 
crores of provision or is it in general provision for the entire INR3,000 crores of book that we 
hold? 
Gagan Banga: 
Okay. Thank you, Sumit, for the question. I would like to emphatically state, put this on record. 
There is no tail whatsoever to any sort of a scrub that we did. We've done a very, very detailed 
scrub, line by line, as I mentioned, looked at cash flows which are expected from borrowers for 
the next 12 quarters. This is indeed a one-time sort of an exercise that we did. The credit costs 
would be normalized at 80 to 100 basis points going forward. It's a growing business going 
forward. So the growth would reflect in the credit cost. 
 
From the legacy book, we expect no further credit costs whatsoever. As far as -- I would also 
like to highlight that we got listed in September 2004. In 20 years, we have made close to about 
INR29,000 crores of profit. In these 20 years, we have distributed over INR12,000 crores of 
dividends. And there has not been a quarter where we've had to declare a loss. This is 
unprecedented. And if you do unprecedented things as management which is responsible, we 
obviously have done a very detailed DD. It's also not that I wanted to spring a surprise on anyone. 
And these are not exercises which are done in a month or 2. 
 
If you -- with the investors with whom I had a chance to meet one-on-one during the capital raise 
as well as with a wider audience during the last 3 earnings calls, I have been talking about using 
our capital tactically to ensure that it is facilitating the rundown. At the same point in time, I 
have also been referring to the fact that we have stakeholders such as banks and rating agencies, 
which are sensitive to our credit ratios and our balance sheet ratios. So it's an exercise which has 
been done very prudently to make sure that the ratios improve. But at the same time, the 
management is tooled with being able to accelerate on whatever rundown of the legacy book we 
have to achieve. 
 
As far as the transfer is concerned, the transfer came along with a general provision pool which 
can be utilized by the parent. On a stand-alone basis, on a consolidated basis, there is flexibility 
to do that. As I mentioned, whatever write-down of provisions had to be done were done first at 
the Sammaan Finserve level. And now the rest of the provisions which came up of approximately 
INR2,500 crores acted as a general provision cover. I hope I answered your question. 
Sumit Bhalotia: 
Yes, that's very helpful. The second thing is on the reduction of the legacy book. So we've 
reduced INR8,000 crores, almost INR8,000 crores of the book in the last 6 months. And so over 
and of the regular collection that we are having from say, Stage 1 of 92.5%, it is the recovery of 
the cash collection, which has helped reduce this book by that amount.  
Going forward -- so 2 things, 1 is going forward this INR10,000 crores of reduction in the next 
12 months that you have projected, what part of it are we looking at from offloading our assets 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
to a third party? And similarly, in the last recent transaction, list of transactions that you have 
said, have you taken any kind of haircut which is already baked in the provision that you've been 
taking? 
Gagan Banga: 
So if we've taken haircuts, it has been -- they were already provided for, and therefore, as I 
mentioned, there were no -- right at the start, there were no incremental slippages of any 
consequential size. If you transfer loan assets to ARC, it's in the most rare of rare situations that 
they part with cash. So it's typically SR. So any sale to an ARC would not result in cash 
collections. 
 
When we are talking about cash collection and cash recoveries, that is real cash which comes in 
and hits the bank account. And that can only come when either the loan is repaid voluntarily or 
the loan is repaid via a sale of asset voluntarily or by a forced sale through the recovery process. 
Only these 3 situations result in a cash collection and the reference that we make of 
approximately INR10,000 crores and INR1,600 crores of recoveries, etcetera, these are all cash 
collections and cash recoveries that we are talking about. 
Sumit Bhalotia: 
Okay. Lastly is on the new retail book that we intend to grow and you've given targets also the 
growth AUM will move up almost from INR32,000 to 3x to INR1 lakh crores plus by '27 plus. 
So if you can just elaborate a little on what is the infrastructure that we have, how are you so 
confident that we'll be able to increase our disbursement 2,000, 3,000 a month? If you can throw 
some light on that, what kind of strength addition that you have done in terms of sales team 
overall structure? 
 
And also, what kind of liability side support you'll be needing, so what kind of capex you need 
to achieve that INR1 lakh crores, what would be the off-book on that? And how much -- whether 
the legacy book rundown capital release will be more than sufficient to achieve these targets that 
you've have given. 
Gagan Banga: 
Thank you. So we are now staffed at approximately 5,700 people. Back in 2018, when we used 
to do INR3,500 crores of disbursals a month, we were at a similar staff strength. So that's the 
kind of capacity that we are choosing to carry. As we build out the Sammaan Finserve platform, 
we will need to invest in the top deck of the management team. That management team has to 
be completely independent of Sammaan Capital Limited management's team. And we are fairly 
confident based on our interactions with professionals, that we should be having the management 
team in place before the end of the financial year. 
 
The boots on the ground, they're already in place and will continue to keep moving up as that 
specific book numbers ramp up, those numbers we have detailed and I ran you through those 
numbers as well. So as we look to increase disbursals at Sammaan Finserve to about INR500 
crores a month through the course of the next financial year, that company on a stand-alone basis 
will have -- will be employing approximately 2,000 people. To facilitate that INR500 crores 
disbursal. Most of that 2,000 people are already in play. The guys at the very, very top, who will 
also then help in bringing a partner -- a strategic partner in quick time. Those folks should be in 
place by the end of the fiscal year. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
 
Now on a consolidated basis, including the INR15,000-odd crores AUM, which will get built up 
in Sammaan Finserve, the balance AUM is getting built up in Sammaan Capital. Sammaan 
Capital is running now at approximately INR1,000 crores of disbursements a month. In this 
financial year, we have done co-lending and assignment transactions of approximately INR4,500 
crores. So our capital requirement on balance sheet is minimal. I don't visualize Sammaan 
Capital debt equity going beyond -- significantly beyond 2x in the future. And Sammaan 
Finserve Capital -- sorry, gearing also by fiscal '27 should be in the same ballpark of about 2x. 
 
So we have capital requirement, debt capital requirement for our -- the portion that stays on 
balance sheet. But within what is being collected on a cash basis, as well as now a stabilized 
debt capital flow, which I highlighted that in the last few months, we've already borrowed close 
to about INR14,000 crores on and off balance sheet. I think we are well placed to think about 
the kind of disbursals that we are -- we'll have to do to take us to a INR1 lakh crores of AUM in 
the next 2 financial years, 2.5 financial years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prithvi from VicAsset. 
Prithvi: 
Hi, Gagan and team. Thanks for this presentation. Just to follow up further on the discussion on 
Sammaan Finserve. Can you please shed some light on how you're thinking about monetization 
plans for the subsidiary? 
Gagan Banga: 
So before I respond, I'd like to thank Oaktree for all the support that it gave us through our -- 
through the really tough time, and you guys have been brilliant partners, and I hope we can take 
this partnership and explore various other avenues as we go forward. Now that -- especially now 
that the firm is in growth mode. 
 
As far as the monetization plan is concerned, we are extremely mindful of the fact that there is 
RBI forbearance, which is there where an NBFC is owning an NBFC. And we will have to work 
with the regulator to make sure that at an appropriate time, we desubsidize this. At the same 
point in time, we have enough capital out there to grow this business and take it up to a certain 
size.  
As I mentioned, we are in the process of putting the top leadership in place for this so that the 
company can be run independently. I believe somewhere once the leadership team is in play and 
the scale has been achieved in guidance with the regulator, we will decide on the appropriate 
time for monetization. 
 
What we are very clear is that we will -- we are in the process of building a vehicle which is 
very valuable and can get quickly monetized. The due diligence on such a type of an organization 
is practically a 2-day job since the loans are just so granular. I can't put an exact time line. All I 
can let you know is that it's on our agenda, but we have to do it in a manner that we are also able 
to maximize the return for Sammaan Capital shareholders while making sure that we are fully 
compliant. 
 
I, earlier in the call, have spoken about the compliance culture, which is facilitating a healthy 
interaction with the regulator, which is always very, very important and has become even more 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
important in the current context of whatever is happening in the regulated entity universe. So 
bearing all of these in mind, I think we will move forward in the course of the next few quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddharth Dahiya from Aberdeen. 
Siddharth Dahiya: 
We are holders of your bonds, as you may know. Just wanted to check, have you had any 
discussion -- recent discussions with rating agencies around this? Anything that you can share, 
any feedback from them? Would there be any pressure on your ratings, on your international 
ratings? 
Gagan Banga: 
Thanks, Siddharth. Thanks to the Aberdeen Group for always supporting us. I think of the $3.5 
billion that we've raised over a period of time overseas, you must have taken 10% of that. So 
thanks so much of that -- for your support, which is continuing. 
 
We have obviously proactively reached out to all the critical stakeholders with whom we could 
have less unpublished price-sensitive information. Rating agencies are such partners, which 
anyways have a much deeper look into our numbers as compared to the wider market. The 
interactions have been healthy. The transaction has been structured in a manner where the 
various credit ratios, balance sheet ratios have only gotten stronger. 
 
If we look at Sammaan Capital Limited on a stand-alone basis, the net worth has increased since 
the start of the year by INR3,000 crores. If you look at it on a consolidated basis, it's gone up. 
Sammaan Finserve has practically no external borrowings. As I mentioned, 95% of our 
borrowings are housed in Sammaan Capital. So that's the balance sheet, which is of relevance.  
In that balance sheet, on an operating basis, it has reported INR115-odd crores profit. For the 
full year, it will have a profitability in the handle of INR450 crores. Given that, the LD capital, 
the very moderate debt equity, I feel that the conversations with the rating agencies have been 
on the lines that we are creating buffers for the future. And this will also enable growth to come 
by. 
 
Our recovery performance and our Stage 2 numbers, Stage 1 numbers, if you offer just 1 minute 
to refer to -- yes, if you were to refer to Slide 14 of the presentation, you would notice that the 
Stage 2 assets plus the gross NPA assets, which, as of June stood at INR4,415 crores, have 
declined to below INR3,000 crores. The gross NPA, which was 2.7% has declined to 2.4%. And 
the net NPA has also declined. 
 
So all of the provisions have been used for specifically improving the provision coverage of any 
asset which was overdue as of June versus trying to cover for any fresh slippages, which has 
been and shall be explained at length to the rating agencies. In this context, I'm quite optimistic 
that we will continue to work positively with the rating agencies. I'll take 1 last question, please. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhiram Iyer from Deutsche Bank. 
Abhiram Iyer: 
This has been really helpful to us in the investor community and in the stakeholder community. 
I just had sort of a bit of clarification needed. Now when we transferred the INR7,200 crores out 
of the regular track record INR5,500 crores, you mentioned that the fair value, call it, give or 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
take, about $0.50 cents, what was sort of achieved and we're obviously doing it at an arm's 
length. Could you just make it clearer on why this sort of estimation would not be required on, 
say, the remaining 20,000 -- INR28,000 crores, sorry, which are already -- were already present 
on -- in Sammaan Capital before -- outside of this transfer in terms of the legacy book? 
Gagan Banga: 
Sure. That's a very, very relevant question. And I tried to explain, but I think more explanation 
will only make it clearer. The approach that we took while transferring Sammaan Finserve was 
one of making sure that it is completely at arm's length, and we achieved fair market value. If 
we look at the typical cost of capital, if anyone's looking at acquisition of certain assets, they 
will be looking at a cost of capital of around 20%.  
And they would also be looking at the time value in which that 20% would get realized, but the 
discounting rate would be down 20%. They would look at the basis bit of interest. And then they 
would arrive at a value, presuming that the expected credit losses have already been baked into 
the provisions. 
 
So the first job was that the expected estimated credit losses were provided for. So we ran that 
book number down. So we went with approximately INR5,500 crores of assets, on which a 
discounting exercise of 20% was done and some adjustments surveyed basis the net present 
value and so on to arrive at the number of approximately INR2,500 crores. 
 
Now if you look at Sammaan Finserve Limited, Sammaan Finserve Limited is a loaning 
company. It has given out loans which will come out -- come due over a period of time and will 
get paid down over a period of time. Typically, these loans have contracted tenures of 7 years, 
they would have a residual -- actuarial life for 5 years and so on. There is also, therefore, in 
liquidity sort of a discount which comes in. So between a discounting factor and liquidity factor 
and other basis points risk, etcetera, the fair market value discount was built in. This is also all 
detailed in Slide 11. 
 
The important point and just to answer your question more directly, is that from a provisioning 
perspective, the provisioning on the entire book had already been done by the time that this 
exercise of fair market valuing happened. Now Sammaan -- now think of it from a Sammaan 
Capital perspective, Sammaan Capital is fully capitalized from an equity point of view. Its 
incremental debt capital, comes at a cost of, give or take, 9.5%. So if we think about discounting 
this, we would do at a discount rate of 9.5%. We would actually land up paying a premium, 
because we are going to be getting a spread on this book. 
 
So our outlook versus the outlook of, let's say, any credit fund which would be buying this is 
completely different. Which is also reflected in the fact that when credit funds give out money -
- and we've done business with the likes of Oaktree, who we were speaking to a short while ago, 
Davidson Kempner, PAG, etcetera, then we would -- when we were doing business with them, 
we would get like $0.40 to $1. 
 
Today, if you talk to most of these guys, the monies have gone back to them. Some of these 
credit funds are in touch with me to partner with me for putting money to work in AI structures, 
etcetera. I didn't want to complicate our conversation further in this quarter. So we did not bring 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
November 15, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
that topic up. But that's what's happening. So their approach is very different to a prime lenders' 
approach like Sammaan Capital. Since it has to be done at a fair market value, it has to be done 
as if Sammaan Capital is also a credit fund, and therefore, the discount. 
 
The other advantage to us was that the discount, which came with the book came as a general 
provision, which then becomes a provision buffer for us. So again, in no way, remotely also does 
that INR2,500 crores have anything whatsoever to do with the credit cost requirement of the 
book at Sammaan Capital Limited.  
Sammaan Capital Limited has, through this entire transfer, built up imputed provision buffer, 
which is anyway, 30% of the legacy book. So if I look at any which way, left, right, up, down, 
it does not reflect on the credit quality. B, there is no risk whatsoever since we've created big, 
fat provisions. I hope I answered your question. 
Abhiram Iyer: 
Yes, perfectly, perfectly. Just 1 follow-up, if I may. Sorry, I'm mindful of time, but in case of 
the INR63,000 crores AUM, if I recall the last time around in terms of split about 50-odd was 
retail mortgage loans. What's the split now, especially considering we've run down a bit of the 
legacy book and written down some of the -- via provisions as well? So a very broad, obviously, 
not exact numbers, but a very broad split of, say, retail loans, LAP loans and the larger ticket 
type loans? 
Gagan Banga: 
If you're talking about the legacy book, the legacy book consists of loans to real estate 
developers, larger home loans, larger LAP loans, loans to corporates, etcetera. And the rundown 
which is happening in loans is primarily on account of what they're paying on a monthly basis 
as is their repayment schedule. These loans don't run on a moratorium of any sort. So there is a 
little bit of principal which comes back every month, every quarter, etcetera. 
 
So the rundown would typically be of the overall book. There is no 1 subtype of the legacy book 
which will typically run down faster than the other. It will -- since most of the rundown is 
happening, basis regular repayment. 
 
There is some portion of the book which is NPA, where we will do sales, which is a small portion 
of around 4.2%. There is some portion of recovery which would come from asset sales. Where 
I shared with you, there is a pool of INR10,000 crores which we continue to work with. The 
good book of the legacy book, which is roughly 96%, is all running down in pretty much a 
similar ratio. All subparts are running now in pretty much the same ratio. 
 
Thank you so much for patiently listening to us. In some parts of the world, it's already pretty 
late. It's a Friday evening. So please, I wish you all a very happy weekend. It's also the holy 
occasion of Gurpurab here. So I wish all of you a very Happy Gurpurab and may God bless us 
all. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Investec, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us. 
You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
