 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SYMBOL: NPST 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                Date: October 25, 2024   
ISIN: INE0FFK01017                                                                                                                          
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
The Manager-Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, NSE Building, Bandra Kurla  
Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai-400 0513 
Fax: 022-26598237, 022-26598238 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call of Analyst/Investor for quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 
Respected Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the provision of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call of Analyst/ 
Investors for quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 
The same will also be available on the website of the Company. 
 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Network People Services Technologies Limited 
 
 
Chetna Chawla 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHETNA 
AVINASH 
CHAWLA
Digitally signed by 
CHETNA AVINASH 
CHAWLA 
Date: 2024.10.25 
15:41:01 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Network People Services Technologies Limited 
Q2 FY’25 Results Conference Call” 
October 21, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DEEPAK THAKUR – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – NETWORK PEOPLE SERVICES 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. ASHISH AGGARWAL – JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – NETWORK PEOPLE SERVICES 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MS. SAVITA VASHIST – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
NETWORK PEOPLE SERVICES TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. VAISHNAVI AMBOKAR – KIRIN ADVISORS 
 
 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY25 Results Conference Call of NPST 
Limited hosted by Kirin Advisors. As a reminder, all participants' line will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Vaishnavi Ambokar from Kirin Advisors. Thank you and 
over to you, ma'am. 
Vaishnavi Ambokar: 
Thank you, ma’am. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, I would like to extend a warm welcome to 
everyone attending the NPST Limited Q2 FY25 Conference Call. We are pleased to have with 
us today NPST's senior management team, Mr. Deepak Chand Thakur, Chairman and Managing 
Director, Mr. Ashish Aggarwal, Joint Managing Director and Ms. Savita Vasisht, Executive 
Director. 
The call is scheduled to run for approximately 40 to 50 minutes. To ensure that everyone has a 
chance to engage, we kindly request that each participant limit their question to two. This will 
allow the management team to address as many inquiries as possible within the given time. 
If we are unable to answer any questions during the call, please don't hesitate to reach out to us 
at info.kirinadvisors.com. We will gladly coordinate with the management team to arrange for 
the discussion. We greatly appreciate your understanding and cooperation, and we look forward 
to a productive and engaging session. 
With that, now I hand over the call to Mr. Deepak Chand Thakur. Over to you, sir. 
Deepak Thakur: 
Hi Vaishnavi. Thank you so much and thank you everyone for joining today's call. Before we 
begin this con-call, I just want to take a liberty of using just two minutes, not more, to talk 
something which is not very specific to NPST, but very important for us.  
On 10th January 2008, there was this great vision which came out in India, and there was a very 
strong statement that came out with the vision was, promise is a promise and that is what came 
from Sir Ratan Tata. I think that was one of the keys, or I would say, one of the most important 
days in the life of entrepreneurs like us, who realize what a vision can be and how it can shape 
up the future destiny. So, we lost a great mind, we lost a great visionary, but ultimately what he 
did and what he built for people like us, will always stay with us. 
And you know, today I would like to take this time to really thank him and the entire Tata Group 
for setting up such a great example for someone like us to really look forward and build the 
future and a global aspiration. Thank you so much for giving me that time, everyone. 
Well, back to NPST. Well, you know, although everyone knows about our business by now, I 
would like to take a few minutes first to very quickly stumble upon what exactly we have been 
doing for past, you know, several years -- a couple of years now. You all know that we have 
built this entire payment business on the real-time payment technology that we are providing to 
banks. So, for everyone to know, we are a technology partner to bank where we provide payment 
solutions where they can transact, operate seamlessly. 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
Today, we do about 15 billion transactions every year and contribute about 7% to 8% of the total 
transaction processed in the country or even more. About 15 banks or who ride on our platform. 
If you understand the processing engine, this is where the decision around debit, credit and 
processing certain transactions are taken. We sit inside bank when it comes to processing these 
transactions in the digital payment ecosystem. Products like mobile banking, IMPS, UPI, online 
dispute resolution, Bharat Bill payment, these are the solutions we provide on our platform -- on 
our -- you know, technology stack.  
Furthermore, when you move up the value chain, what we do is, we have built a payment 
platform to find the gap in the industry, wherein wherever there is a merchant acquiring 
requirement, an end-to-end merchant lifecycle on our platform is provided to the banking 
ecosystem, which can further be an intake for fintech and payment aggregators and the 
merchants to operate seamlessly and consume payment services from the banks. And that is what 
is called a payment platform as a service business for us. 
Now, these are two major core factors of our business on our, you know, in the P&L that we 
bring it. At the same time, being innovative, we work relentlessly, and we work on a very, very 
quick pace, so that we keep on adding more and more product stacks. 
So, the shape of the organization that you may see in the beginning of the year, by the end of the 
year, it may completely change depending on the kind of products we have launched, the kind 
of services we have, and at the same time, the kind of approach we have for a particular business. 
So, all of that, being an innovative and disruptive segment, we continue to do so. So, for you, 
very quickly on a business update, we secured Bharat Bill payment aggregation switch from two 
banks. 
 
And right now, it is in an operationalization stage, that's the quick update for the last quarter. 
We also secured one more order for the online dispute resolution from one of the banks. 
Meanwhile, the offline payment stack, which we launched, again, payment platform as a service 
for the offline business, which is QR, Soundbox, mobile apps, all those features. 
 
That business has got an incremental order coming from the existing set of customers we have 
from the existing banks. We have seen about 20% growth in transaction processing on our 
platform in this particular financial year. So, we are seeing that it will be more than 15 billion 
transactions that we will be processing. 
 
We have launched multiple new products this Global FinTech Fest. We have taken about three 
to four months of product and tech R&D budget to spend on this particular event to ensure that 
we showcase what exactly we deliver. So, in Global FinTech Fest, we have launched instant 
credit line on UPI, which is, if you are tracking UPI, you know that credit line on UPI is the next 
big thing, which comes with a strong MDR opportunity and strong revenue opportunity for 
banks as it builds their asset. 
 
On the other hand, with all the learning that we have in our transaction business, we have 
launched Risk Intelligence Decisioning Platform, which exactly profiles the risk of a merchant 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
and the transaction and gives the flag in the system. So, we have already launched one phase of 
that. We have initiated a payout POC under the guidance of one of the banks. 
 
We have added two banks. Now, that's the urge of, overall business that we had to add multiple 
banks in the ecosystem for the payment platform that we are providing. And let me tell you, we 
have successfully done that. 
 
We have also added FRM as part of the delivery that we will be doing on our platform. So, FRM 
is something that we have just recently added. So, these are very quick business updates for you 
guys. At the same time, for you all to know, the good news is that, you know, we have been 
consistently working on taking our company to main board. And for that, there was one criterion 
which was left. By this half yearly result, we have been able to complete that criterion as well. 
 
And as soon as that was achieved and we saw that this is happening, first thing we did was went 
to the main board and we got the unanimous backing from them to go to the main board. And 
we decided to do that both in NSE as well as BSE. I'm very happy that employees are now 
getting what they have, they have invested in the organization in terms of their time, sweat, 
efforts. 
 
And ESOP has been granted as a first lot, which was released in 2023. So, the approval has 
already been done. We launched EvoK 3.0, which is like complete upgrade of the platform that 
we have. And most importantly, although it was not there in last quarter, now that is why we 
call payment as a disruptive segment. 
 
In April, when the announcement around interoperability of internet banking is a need of the 
hour for the industry, when that was announced by the regulator, we were closely following it 
up. And finally, we have ventured into internet banking and mobile banking interoperability 
solution, where we are looking at a UPI kind of movement in internet banking and mobile 
banking, where the interoperability, which never existed, will now be due to the system that is 
being built right now. 
 
And we have ventured into it. We have partnered on that. And we are working with, I mean, 
can't release the names now, but yes, a few banks that we are already talking to. So that's, again, 
on the business update. When it comes to numbers for you all, happy to share that the growth 
trend continues. 
 
 From half yearly FY '24, INR53.32 crores, what we achieved as a total income. We have gone 
up to about INR129 crores, which is about 142%. EBITDA, you have already seen, has gone up 
from 32.65% to 36.75%. Our net profit margin has gone from 19% to about 26.13%, which is, 
again, 708 basis points. Congratulations, your EPS has gone up from 5.25 to about 17.42. 
 
Now, really a good number for all those who have trusted us. At the same time, quarter-on-
quarter numbers are also heartening because it's about 14.75% jump in revenue. Your EBITDA, 
again, has gone up from INR22.15 crores to about INR25.35 crores. And at the same time, your 
net profit has gone up from INR15.60 crores to INR18.16 crores. 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
Well, that's all from the number. I think I've taken a good time now. But I'll straight away come 
to you guys. And if you have queries, questions, I would like to take it up. Thank you, Vaishnavi. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Rohit, Nvest Analytics Advisory LLP. Please go ahead, sir. 
Rohit: 
Congrats for a good set of numbers, sir. Can you share the revenue growth guidance for FY'26? 
Are we aiming to sustain the current growth guidance for FY'26? Or is the company targeting 
high growth guidance level? 
Deepak Thakur: 
Well, I have already given my growth guidance in the beginning of the year. That is what we 
have been aiming. Doubling our numbers is what we always wanted to do so. And I think that 
is what we are doing right now. 
Rohit: 
So, in terms of percentage growth?  
Deepak Thakur: 
So, we have already said between 75% to 100% for the entire year. 
Rohit: 
Is it also for next year? 
Deepak Thakur: 
No, next year, I better give that guidance by March. Because, you know, like I said that when 
we -- from the time we begin a year till the end, there are a lot of changes and a lot of 
opportunities we don't anticipate initially. 
Like when I say interoperability in Internet banking, that's not something which was even there 
in our, you know, commitment or guidance in the beginning of the year when I spoke to 
investors, but that has come right now. So, it is only good to have the guidance coming in at the 
right time. 
Rohit: 
Okay, understood, sir. And my next question is the company has a strong domestic growth. Is 
there any immediate plan for international expansion? And if so, what market are you targeting 
first? And what are the biggest challenges you are seeing in scaling globally? 
Deepak Thakur: 
Well, let me be honest. This question is coming to us every quarter. And we keep on saying that 
we have been assessing it very strongly. There's a good progress. And I have always said that it 
is two years horizon. We don't want to jump because as soon as we do so, we want to be 
committed to numbers as well. 
We want to be committed to the revenue as well, just not go there and, you know, scratch the 
surface. So, we have already assessed the market, which looks somewhere around Africa, 
Middle East and, you know, Asia. So, these are the areas which we have assessed based on the 
product and the portfolio that we are seeing. However, there is a good conversation around UK-
like structure coming globally. In multiple countries, the discussions are going on. So, we are in 
close -- I mean, we are seeing that very closely. 
If the opportunity goes beyond these regions, which I mentioned, we'll be happy to go there. But 
establishing an office beyond domestic market, that's what I think you'll have to wait for maybe 
a couple of quarters more. 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parikshit Kabra from Pkeday Advisors Limited. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers once again. So just a couple of questions that I ask 
every time. First is the TPAP versus TSP split, if you can share. 
Deepak Thakur: 
So, one second, the TSP is somewhere around 18% to 20% odd and the rest is the platforms. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Got it. And the GTV this time around? 
Deepak Thakur: 
Ashish, can you recount that number? 
Ashish Aggarwal: 
I think, Parikshit, this time GTV, GMV is somewhere about the same that we have achieved in 
last year, something about 10,000k, if I'm not wrong. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Got it. Perfect. So now the process of adding, you've given so many updates this time around, 
Deepak, that it's actually, there are too many questions to catch, so I'm just going to try and 
prioritize a couple. The first one is that, has the transition from 2.0 to 3.0 now complete? Or is 
this still an ongoing process, still under operationalization, etcetera, etcetera.  
Deepak Thakur: 
So, in fact, coincidentally, last week, we went into closed user group testing with a new bank of 
EvoK 3.0. And it's a production testing, by the way, it's not UAT. So, I would say that it is 
already live. However, we would like to see another 15 days what feedback we receive from 
bank around that. But it's all signed off, and it has gone live. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Perfect. And you mentioned that you were in the process of adding more sponsor banks. And 
you gave an update this time around that you have done that. So, I just want to clarify that. So, 
have we added one more sponsor bank? And has it gone live? Or what is the exact number?  
Management: 
So, we added two sponsor banks, not just one. Looking at the last quarter, as soon as we realized 
that how quickly we'll have to get into this decision meticulously, we fast tracked it, we pushed 
all our focus on adding more banks. The vision is to add 10 banks. Earlier, we were just thinking 
about two, three. So, we have already been able to crack two. And one is already in the 
production CUG, the other one is in the pre-production stage. So yes, that’s the status. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
What would be the timeline for these to go fully in a commercialized manner? 
Deepak Thakur: 
I would say that by this month end, or I would say somewhere in mid-November, we should be 
able to complete all the pooling period we have, when we take the platform live. So yeah, 
somewhere in mid-November, we should have it fully commercialized. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Got it. All right. Perfect. I'll get back in the queue. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshay from CD Integrated Service Limited. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
Akshay: 
Yes, sir. I just want to ask the two questions. The first is on our competitive edge. So, what 
competitive edge do we have when compared to the other big tech companies like Paytm and 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
PhonePe and all these things? Do they provide the same kind of solutions like we do provide, 
sir? 
Deepak Thakur: 
So whatever names you took, it can be our customer, not our competitor. If you understand, we 
are behind these companies who are directly into acquisition, who are acquiring either merchants 
or who are acquiring the customers. We provide the platform or the technology for them to 
operate seamlessly and acquire this business. 
 
So, they can be our customer. When it comes to going back to your question, competitive edge, 
please understand that in last three years, we have evolved from being on the platform business. 
We have evolved from being purely a technology delivery company to also creating operational 
excellence and at the same time also building the compliance and the regulatory text that such 
companies require to operate in this space. 
 
So, while the other companies would be in a version wherein, they are still building the platform, 
we are actually building regulatory requirements, compliance requirements, operational 
excellency. All of those pieces are added to our stack right now. That is what is Evoke 3.0. So 
that's the edge. 
Akshay: 
Thank you for the answer. And the second question is that apart from Canara Bank, which larger 
commercial banks do we have as a client? Like I would like to say that the Canara Bank super 
app is very great. I am one of the users of that. And apart from that, for which bank are you 
developing that type of app, super app? 
Deepak Thakur: 
So, we have already got an order for two more banks. This quarter they will go live, which is 
Kerala Gramin Bank and Karnataka Gramin Bank. And one more bank is in progress, but that's 
at the final stage right now. 
 
That's related to app. But when it comes to customers, around all the products which I mentioned 
in the beginning of the call, we have Bank of Maharashtra, we have State Bank of Mauritius 
India, we have Tamil Nadu Mercantile Bank, we have Karnataka Bank, we have Kerala Gramin 
Karnataka Gramin, we have DCB. So, we have 15 plus banks right now who are using our 
services. 
Akshay: 
Okay, understood, sir. But I just want to understand that the Canara Bank, which is one of our 
clients. So, at which other banks are operating at that type of scale, that level of scale? Do we 
have any larger customers like that? 
Deepak Thakur: 
So honestly, if you compare the scale of Canara Bank, it has taken 10 years. So, it would be 
wrong to say that such a scale can come that quickly. We initially started with just a GPRS-
based mobile banking solution, migrating SMS to GPRS somewhere in 2015, mid-2015 odd. 
 
From there, then there was IMPS, which is a full-blown solution across all channels, including 
FIR, Foreign Input Remittance, then UPI, then Merchant Acquiring, then SuperApp. So, 
comparing Canara Bank with others will not be easy. So, every single bank contributes to the 
stack that we have right now. So other banks will take time to evolve that much. 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Akshay: 
Right, right. Understood, sir. So, what is my understanding is that we first try to sell our one 
product, and then we will cross-sell our other products. Thank you for the answer, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Senthil Kumar from Sincere Syndication. Please 
go ahead, sir. 
Senthil Kumar: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I joined a little late because I was not able to log in. 
One thing which I want to know, what were the road triggers that drove this sort of exponential 
numbers? And what are the growth triggers that are available to us in the future for the coming 
year, for the guidance? Could you just take me through on that, sir? 
Deepak Thakur: 
Sure. So, if you want to understand the trigger, I always say that what is that we are adding to 
the platform is very important because as and when we scale our platform, as and when we add 
new products, the revenue sources increase. So, I'll give you an example. We initially started 
doing the like payment. Okay. Last quarter or quarter-on-quarter, the growth that we are having 
is majorly because the consistent growth of the transactions of the industry based on the 
acquisitions that we have got for our banks in the acquiring space. 
Ad then at the same time, the products that we have been delivering. So, it has grown 
considerably over a period of time. So, when it comes to TSP business, there is a continuous 
change request coming in. There is a new product being sold to new banks. March 2023, we 
were seven banks. Now we are about 15, in fact, 16 banks on. So, the number of banks have also 
doubled. 
 
And when it comes to platform, when it comes to merchant space, when it comes to providing 
platform, initially, it was just a simple payment solution. But later on, we kept on adding 
stickiness to the platform. Today, we are evaluating the revenue sources that we can generate 
from the regulatory tech product that we have launched on the platform. So that can also add 
basis points to the revenue that we are adding. 
So how we calculate is either it is additional business per platform, or it is revenue per account. 
So, on both the areas, we target the growth. So, in future, what you should be doing is you should 
be looking at multiple banks. So, when we announce the partnership with multiple banks, that's 
in public. So, you can see that, what are the new banks that we are adding. And what kind of 
products that we are adding. 
So, there you will come to know how we are scaling it up. Like I mentioned about two banks 
right now, you will get the news as and when we progress further. 
Senthil Kumar: 
From a client mining perspective, with the existing banks, how much could have been a volume 
led our product like any breakup broadly you can give us? 
Deepak Thakur: 
I think Ashish has given the volume just now around the platform business. And when it comes 
to banks, I would say that we are processing about 15 billion financial transactions on a platform, 
which is about 8% of the total UPI volume in the country, 7% to 8% or maybe. And when it 
comes to the merchant count serviced on our platform by our banks, that is as high as 2 million 
merchants, maybe 2.5 million merchants. 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
And when it comes to the product stack, I would say there are about seven to eight products 
spread across the ecosystem. So, it's horizontal and vertical both. 
Senthil Kumar: 
How much incremental banks are in pipe and how much product suites are in line this quarter? 
Deepak Thakur: 
That depends on the funnel. Let's not anticipate that right now. 
Senthil Kumar: 
One last question from my side. Any management changes? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. We request you to kindly re-join the queue for follow-up questions. 
Senthil Kumar: 
Not an issue. Only one last question from my side. One, Mr. Deepak Chand has joined as 
Chairman and Managing Director… 
Deepak Thakur: 
That's me. 
Senthil Kumar: 
Okay, fine. 
Deepak Thakur: 
That was me. And by rotation -- by policy, it was to be reappointed. That is what it was. 
Senthil Kumar: 
Okay. And when is the mainboard listing likely, sir? 
Deepak Thakur: 
We got the approval from board as per the process. I don't know. It may take a couple of months, 
maybe. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Maybe I think a couple of months. There is a process time. So, we have already opened our 
postal ballot. So, it will be closed by within the next 30 days. Then we'll go for main boarding. 
Moderator: 
I request to all the participants to limit the questions, two per participant. The next question is 
from the line of Bhuvan from Tiger Assets. 
Bhuvan: 
Congrats on the good set of numbers. Most of my questions have been answered. Just a couple 
of questions. When it comes to payment features, I would like to know how banks pay you. Is it 
transaction value basis or per transaction? Or is it a fixed cost? Or how is it? 
Deepak Thakur: 
So multiple models. One is there is a license -- if it is a very big account, then the affordability 
and opex model or SAS model is not possible. So, there it is license-based model. So, within 
license-based model, there are multiple revenue sources. It can be license plus AMC, then per 
man day invested, then per man month of the support. So that is how you get paid. So, we get 
paid per man days for development, we get paid per man month of the support and then license 
and AMC. 
 
When it comes to SaaS based model, few banks pay us on per transaction. Few banks pay us on 
revenue sharing model. And then there is also a subscription-based model very clearly. So, our 
platform utilized by the merchants, there every month there is a fixed revenue per merchant that 
banks pay us a cost, not revenue cost per merchant that banks pay us. So, SaaS based model also 
differs from the account to account. 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Bhuvan: 
Okay, so another question is because MDR is charged on credit UPI transactions. So, can we 
expect higher realizations on that from banks? 
Deepak Thakur: 
So, for now, credit card and credit line is being looped up by bank very strongly to add to the 
revenue sources. If that happens, for sure, we will also get some share out of it wherever we 
have SaaS based model. Assumption that this goes really well in the market. So, if these products 
grow, for sure that creates an opportunity for companies like us. 
Bhuvan: 
Okay, so presently credit card UPI transactions are being supported, right? So how much percent 
of your revenue is coming from credit transactions? Sorry, it's a follow up question. 
Deepak Thakur: 
Yes, I will answer that question. Yes, so right now, revenue is way too less. I mean, I don't have 
the split for that right now. We don't even calculate that revenue because the numbers are very, 
very less. So, for now, let us not count that as a split. That's that the volume is very less. We 
don't have the split. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Keshav from Niveshaay. Please go ahead. 
Keshav: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity and congrats for the good sets of number. So, I just wanted an 
update like last time you mentioned about embedded finance. So, is there any update on that 
project? 
Deepak Thakur: 
Yes, so embedded payments is something that we have invested for last one year right now. And 
this is more like an IoT technology where any device which is connected over the Internet should 
also have the ability to pay itself for the payment generated towards the use of that particular 
device. Now, that's where we have worked. 
 
But I cannot share further information on it because we are yet to receive a lot of, go ahead 
around this particular product. So that's we being a technology partner, we have done our part. 
We're just waiting for the go ahead in multiple directions. 
Keshav: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Jain from RK Capital. Please go ahead, sir. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Yes, sir. Good evening and congrats on superlative performance and on migrating to mainboard. 
So, sir in your recent exchange filing on 19 September, you mentioned about some policy 
upgrades for EvoK 2.0 and some short-term impact too. So, could you just elaborate on that? 
Like what policy changes you have done and in what way and to what extent do you anticipate 
short term impact? 
Deepak Thakur: 
So, we are live for last three years now. And when we were scaling our EvoK 1.0 to EvoK 3.0, 
we scale the entire technology operations, compliances, policies and program structure that we 
have in our platform. However, from the bank side, also similar upgrades were expected. 
 
These upgrades are specific to the technology audit, the operational audit, the risk propositions 
and the compliances built in the banking ecosystem. This is that these policies are to be applied. 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
And for that, I believe that the overall impact would be on the business which is around the 
payment platform. 
 
And that is specific to a bank. It is not specific to us, or it is not very specific to multiple banks 
that we are having. So those are the changes we have applied. It will definitely have an impact 
of about, let's say, three to four months for one specific bank. And then that's why when we bring 
multi-bank partner model, this is where the overall change of the migration happens, where one 
particular bank is in the closed user group testing, the other bank is in pre-production stage. So, 
what will happen is in going forward, the first one will go through the entire policy upgrade, 
entire compliances and the operational upgrades. 
 
On the other hand, the other two banks will also go live. Plus, the new product will also get 
launched. So that's how the overall system works. Because it had an impact on our payment 
platform, we found it imperative to share that information with our shareholders. 
Rajesh Jain: 
So that's great. I mean, this transparency is always welcome. That's great to know. So, you had 
given 75% to 100% guidance for FY25. So, was it for revenue or for PAT? And if it was for 
revenue, then how much could be the PAT growth? And given that you have done so 
stupendously in H1, could H2 be slightly lower than H1? Very slightly, because not only because 
of the large base of H1, but also because of the short-term impact, would it be lower than, could 
H2 be lower than H1? 
Deepak Thakur: 
So, I think there are four or five questions in one row. I hope I'll catch each of them. So first one, 
the guidance was for the revenue, but at the same time everyone who are connected to our, I 
mean, those who have invested for quite long they know that we have a very nonlinear model of 
growth. So that's why when we grow, we grow when we give the guidance around revenue. We 
ensure that our guidance around PAT or EBITDA that follows the growth pattern of the revenue.  
So, if you - that's why when you hear my call, you will come to know that I'm not always talking 
about revenue. I'm also talking about the growth in EBITDA and growth in PAT. So that is in 
accordance with the revenue guidance which we are giving to the - for the entire year. Secondly, 
the growth that we expected, I mean, it's a good moment for us that we did not anticipate this 
big jump in the H1 itself.  
So, when we gave our guidance for the entire year was based on certain funnel and certain 
growth projections that we had within the organization. Our team has really worked well to 
ensure that we have been able to do even better than what we have guided. Going forward, we - 
even if we want to revamp our growth guidance, we have to relook at all the possibilities around 
the changes happening in the landscape.  
Right from the policy changes which we shared in September, how it is going to impact one 
particular account which has a revenue impact on the platform plus two more banks which is 
getting added, how it absorbs those impact. Third, the new products which are getting launched, 
how it is going to contribute to those particular, to the revenue sources that we are bringing in. 
Fourth, when we upgrade the platform, what are the new revenue channels that we are able to 
open up. 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
So, all that is at such a quick stage right now that it is very difficult for us to give the exact 
number for only 6 months. That's why we want to still hold it and understand the impact and 
then go ahead with the guidance. So please allow us to come back on that.  
Rajesh Jain: 
Okay. So, you are saying that as of now H2 is difficult?  
Moderator: 
I am sorry sir. 
Rajesh Jain: 
No, I am just summarizing. I am not asking a question. I am just summarizing. 
Deepak Thakur: 
Carry on. 
Rajesh Jain: 
So, you are saying that at this point, it is not possible to estimate whether H2 will be lower or 
equal or higher than H1? That's what you are saying? 
Deepak Thakur: 
Yes, at this point of time we still anticipate the growth. We are not saying that there will be a 
reduction. We are still seeing growth, but at the same time what level of impact within two 
quarters that is very difficult to share right now. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Okay, fine. Sir fine I'll fall back in the queue. I have a few more questions, but I'll come back in 
the queue. Thank you.  
Deepak Thakur: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Srinivasu K from TIA. Please go ahead. 
Srinivasu K: 
Hi Deepak. Congratulations for the excellent set of numbers. 
Deepak Thakur: 
Hi, Srinivasu. Tell me. 
Srinivasu K: 
So, my question is about this follow up to the previous one like when you say multi-bank 
intelligence routing, what else is part of your EvoK 3.0? Are you implementing shadow ledger 
capabilities to eliminate, to connect with the core banding every time? And also, is it the Risk 
Intelligence Platform that you are talking about? Is it also part of the 3.0? 
Deepak Thakur: 
I think you got it. You answered. So, yes, one of the big challenges in the industry was that with 
the increasing traffic, it is very difficult to go to core banking for every single transaction. So, 
what we did was we included mirroring and shadow ledger both in EvoK 3.0. Now every new 
bank that we go to, we go with the capability of shadow ledger and mirroring as part of EvoK 
3.0. So, what happens is for everyone to understand, this is very technical.  
Instead of, let's say in 10 hours, peak hour for a particular merchant, there is about 1 lakh 
transaction hits. Instead of 1 lakh transaction going to core banking, every two hours there will 
be a batch which will hit one transaction. And there is a shadow ledger created which ensures 
that all the transactions are reconciled later on. So, there are only 10 hits versus 1 lakh hits. That's 
the efficiency created in the system and load reduced from bank.  

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
So that's EvoK 3.0. That's the capability built in it and when I say we are in closed user group 
testing, it is taking time is majorly because this kind of humongous upgrade that we have brought 
into the system. Second is when I say Risk Intelligence Decisioning Platform, we decided that 
for 6 months, there will be no cost to it, and we will include this as part of our platform.  
Quite interestingly, when we went ahead, we started presenting it to bank, we started getting 
requests to implement this for their existing systems. So, we believe that this particular piece 
will also start getting monetized in this financial year. 
Srinivasu K: 
Okay. Thanks for answering that. And my second question is about the FRM that you talked 
about it earlier. Your competitor has already done this FRM for NPCI central backbone 
infrastructure. So, I just wanted to know what are you doing in FRM? Is it in edge level or is it 
in central backbone? 
Deepak Thakur: 
So, we are doing an inbuilt FRM in our system. So FRM is a third-party system. Of course, it 
cannot be part of your system. So, there will be always a third party playing like an auditor role 
of FRM, which you have to take it from outside. But here what we did was, that will always 
happen at the bank level. But we build certain FRM rules in our system to ensure that the risk in 
the system is reduced even before anyone applying FRM on our platform. So, we are only 
strengthening the capability of the system from the risk perspective. 
Srinivasu K: 
Understood. Thanks a lot. I'll come back again. Thank you. 
Deepak Thakur: 
Thanks, Srinivasu. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Poptani from Kizuna Capital. Please 
go ahead, sir. 
Nikhil Poptani: 
Yes, sir. Firstly, congratulations on a great set of numbers. Most of the questions have been 
answered. So, sir, I would just like to, if you could just summarize the revenue model of the 
company for us. I got the clarity. But if you could just summarize, like, what is our 
differentiation? What is our competitive advantage? And how we are better than the 
competition? And who are our competition? 
Deepak Thakur: 
I believe that's a whole presentation, what you've asked. I will try to shorten it down to 2 minutes. 
One, when it comes to revenue model, like I said, so in fact, this Annual Report, there was one 
section we have covered exactly in this space. Please pick that, Annual Report. There is a license 
model where, I have already explained this, where the transaction volume is humongous or the 
merchant or the business volume is humongous. That is not possible to bring on a SaaS based 
model. 
 
So, they go on a license-based model. So that's like banks like Canara or Bank of Maharashtra. 
They are on license-based model. The other model is wherein, if at all, so there is a business 
case wherein we are providing offline payment platform to a bank wherein the QR is generated, 
the logistics is taken care, then post-delivery support, operational support is given, then 
Soundbox are delivered, then the technical support for Soundbox is made available, the mobile 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
app is given, on-cloud enterprise application is provided. For this entire solution, we get paid 
every month for every merchant that we deliver this solution as a package. 
 
So, this again becomes a SaaS based model, but subscription. The third one is where we get paid 
for every transaction processed in the platform. So, these are various types of models that we 
work on. So, to simplify it, we have license-based model and SaaS based model. Within SaaS 
based, we have transaction-based model and then we have subscription-based model. 
Nikhil Poptani: 
Yes, sir. Thank you for sharing the insights. And secondly, what is the competitive landscape? 
Deepak Thakur: 
Competitive landscape. So, we have two different models. One is technology partner wherein 
there are about 10 major players in the industry, maybe 7, 8 or 10 who provide UPI solution to 
and process more than 95%, 98% of the total volume. So, all these players include NPST, 
Mindgate, Olive, Sarvatra, InfraSoft. These are the guys. 
 
When it comes to payment platform, honestly, I don't see much there. So, I would not like to 
name any competitor here because everyone has a very different model. Juspay will be on a very 
different model or NPST has a different model. So, it differs. 
Nikhil Poptani: 
Yes. Thank you, sir. That's it from my side. And congratulations on great set of numbers and all 
the best in the future for the digital banking. 
Deepak Thakur: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Ashish Soni from Family Office. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashish Soni: 
Yes, one quick question. Because interoperability you mentioned about internet banking and 
mobile banking, you said it can be as big as UPI. Can you throw more light on it for easier 
understanding? 
Deepak Thakur: 
Okay. If I said that, that's from the technology perspective. Volume-wise, that is not what I 
meant. But for a technology company like us, we now get an opportunity to build an 
interoperability in internet banking. So, if that is the case, and if it turns out well, then for us, the 
opportunity is around all the 1,000, 2,000 banks in the ecosystem where internet banking exists. 
 
So, the layers can be like top 50 banks where we can target, and then the next 100 banks, and 
then the next 1,000-odd banks. So, this way we can target. So, what happened was somewhere 
in 2016 when UPI was launched, we were a very, very small company. We did not have 
competing ability. We did not have enough funds to take risks. But today, thanks to our focused 
approach on UPI, not running anywhere beyond UPI, we have been able to scale well. 
 
And such an opportunity for us is a great, is at a very opportunistic time. Because now we are in 
a position to go and attack this particular market. So that's about internet banking 
interoperability. 
Ashish Soni: 
And regarding international operations, this competition, I think your competitive intensity will 
be different. So, have you done mapping in terms of what product can sell as this sort of thing, 

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
or do we need to tweak something of that sort if you can give some throw, some light on that 
regard, at least for internet? 
Deepak Thakur: 
So, every time I talk to, investors when it comes to invest, international market, this is what I 
always mean that, you cannot go plain vanilla, pick the thing as is and go to international market, 
even though there's a great India story. So, you rightly pointed out the mapping, product type, 
product sizing, the industry sizing, all of that has to be done. That's why I always request 
everyone to wait for, a couple of years. 
 
So maybe a year more for you to understand that this entire exercise takes time where we need 
a local partner where we need these people to, actually take our product and tell us where it can 
be reshaped. So, we are in that stage already, wherein we have tested in Africa, Middle East, and 
somewhere, we are also trying to check the Southeast Asian markets. 
 
So, we are in that stage right now, wherein product resizing, or I would say reshaping is 
something that we are learning. And maybe two quarters, we should be in good position to 
identify the exact market target that we have. 
Ashish Soni: 
Thanks, and all the best. 
Deepak Thakur: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. As I now hand over the conference 
over to Ms. Vaishnavi Ambokar from Kirin Advisors for the closing comments. 
Vaishnavi Ambokar: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining the conference call of NPST Limited. If you have any queries, 
you can write us at info at @kirinadvisor.com. And once more, thank you to the management 
team and participants for joining the conference call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Kirin Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. And you 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
