Sunteck Realty Ltd. 
5th Floor, Sunteck Centre, 37-40 Subhash Road, Vile Parle (East), Mumbai 400057. Tel: +91 22 4287 7800 Fax: +91 22 4287 7890  
Website: www.sunteckindia.com CIN: L32100MH1981PLC025346    Email Id: cosec@sunteckindia.com  
Date: 19th November, 2024 
SRL/SE/67/24-25         
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: SUNTECK 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 512179 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on Q2 and H1 FY 2025 results and business updates 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and in furtherance to our letter dated 13th November, 2024, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call on Q2 and H1 FY 2025 
results and business updates. The said transcript is also uploaded on the website of the 
Company. This can be accessed at the link below: 
https://www.sunteckindia.com/images/investor/financial/1731992883_Sunteck%20Realty%20Earnings%20Call%20Transcript%20Nov%2013%202024.pdf 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You. 
For Sunteck Realty Limited 
Rachana Hingarajia 
Company Secretary 
(ACS: 23202) 
Encl: a/a 
RACHANA 
VIPUL 
HINGARAJIA
Digitally signed by 
RACHANA VIPUL 
HINGARAJIA 
Date: 2024.11.19 
19:16:35 +05'30'

Page 1 of 8 
 
 
 
“Sunteck Realty Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 13, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAMAL KHETAN – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – SUNTECK REALTY LIMITED 
 
MR. PRASHANT CHAUBEY – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – SUNTECK REALTY LIMITED 
 
MR. ABHISHEK SHUKLA – VICE PRESIDENT OF 
STRATEGY AND INVESTOR RELATIONS – SUNTECK 
REALTY LIMITED 

 
 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 8 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Sunteck Realty's Earnings Conference Call 
for Q2 and H1 FY '25. We have with us today, Mr. Kamal Khetan, the Chairman and Managing 
Director of the company; Mr. Prashant Chaubey, the Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Abhishek 
Shukla, the Vice President of Strategy, and Investor Relations. 
Please note this call will be for 30 minutes and for the duration of the conference call, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. This conference call is being recorded and the 
transcript for the same may be put up on the website of the company. After the management's 
discussion, there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions. There will be a Q&A session, 
and we request to restrict questions to two per participant. Should you need assistance during 
this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone 
phone. 
 
Before I hand the conference over to the management, I would like to remind you that certain 
statements made during the course of this call may not be based on historical information or 
facts and may be forward-looking statements, including those related to business statements, 
plans and strategies of the company, its future financial condition and growth prospect. 
 
These forward-looking statements are based on expectations and projections and may involve a 
number of risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results, opportunities, 
and growth potential to differ materially from those suggested by such statements. 
 
I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Khetan, the Chairman and Managing Director of 
the company. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Kamal Khetan: 
A very good afternoon to everyone and thank you for joining us today to participate in our 
company's earnings conference call for second quarter and first half of the financial year FY '25. 
I would like to take you through the key developments in this period. We had a strong second 
quarter and first half of financial year '25.  
We have registered a growth of 33% and 31% in pre-sales, respectively, during this period. Our 
consistently strong sales at our BKC projects has added to this sales momentum. Better pre-sales 
has been reflected in higher collections. This has enabled in doubling our net operating cash 
flow surplus to INR191 crores in first half of financial year '25. 
 
Further strengthening our balance sheet, our net cash surplus now stands at nearly INR100 
crores. At Sunteck City 4th Avenue project at ODC, Goregaon West, is nearing completion. This 
will further boost our cash flows in the coming quarters. We have launched one more new phase 
at our Naigaon project with a name Sunteck Ultra World and with a potential GDV of INR600 
crores. And the response for that was very overwhelming. 
 
We are also geared up to launch one tower in the new phase at Sunteck City, ODC, Goregaon 
West, which has a potential GDV value of approximate INR1,500 crores. We are excited and 
keenly awaiting the launch of one of our biggest and the most luxurious project in the country, 
which is on the sea at Nepean Sea Road. At the same time, we are preparing ourselves for getting 
the necessary approvals for our Dubai Downtown project and our sea view project at Bandra 
Bandstand. 

 
 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 8 
 
 
We are excited about our growth opportunities in the MMR market. With our strong balance 
sheet and robust operating cash flows, we continue to remain aggressive and prudent in our 
business development. While we are evaluating many projects aggressively, we continue to 
focus on our high equity multiple philosophy. 
 
Now last but not the least, on sustainability front, I'm pleased to share that Sunteck Realty has 
been conferred the prestigious Sector Leader Award in 2024 GRESB Real Estate Assessment 
for the development benchmark. 
 
I shall now hand over the call to Prashant Chaubey, the CFO, to take you through the financial 
performance of H1 FY '25. 
Prashant Chaubey: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon, everyone. I trust you have had the opportunity to go through 
our latest results and the investor presentation, which are published on our company website and 
the stock exchanges. I would like to take this opportunity to share a brief update on financial and 
operational performance of quarter 2 and first half of FY '25.  
The key details are we sold INR524 crores worth of area in quarter 2 FY '25, which is a 32.7% 
growth over quarter 2 of FY '24. During first half of FY '25, pre-sales registered a growth of 
31.2% over H1 of FY '24. Collections for quarter 2 FY '25 stood at INR267 crores, which is a 
24.8% growth over quarter 2 of FY '24. While for first half, FY '25 collections stood at INR609 
crores, a growth of 21.3%. 
 
The strong collections have resulted in a net operating cash flow surplus of INR191 crores, 
which is a 112% growth over H1 of FY '24. Operating revenue grew by 578% year-on-year for 
the 3 months ended September 2024 to INR169 crores in comparison to INR25 crores in the 
same period in the last financial year, owing to recognition of revenues from our completed 
Sunteck Maxx World project in Naigaon. 
 
EBITDA stood at INR37 crores and EBITDA margin stood at 22%. Net profit stood at INR35 
crores with a net profit margin of 20%. For the half year ended FY '25, operating revenue grew 
by 408% to INR485 crores and EBITDA stood at INR69 crores for H1 of FY '25. We reported 
a net profit of INR57 crores for the half year ended September 2024. Our net debt to equity stood 
at minus 0.03x with a net cash surplus of INR98 crores during H1 of FY '25. 
 
Thank you. With this, we open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question from the line of Biplab Debbarma from Antique Stock Broking. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
My first question is on the launches in FY -- in the second half of FY '25. So you have launched 
Naigaon. Congratulations on that, it has received good response. And you are gearing for launch 
a new tower in Sunteck City. Besides these 2 projects, are there any launches expected in the 
second half of FY '25? 
Kamal Khetan: 
Yes. Biplab, season greetings to you as well. And so we -- as you know that we have already 
launched our project phase -- new phase in Naigaon, which is Sunteck Ultra World. And now 

 
 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 8 
 
we are going to launch in this coming next half of the financial year, H2. We are looking to 
launch at least one tower in the new phase, which is 5th Avenue in ODC, Goregaon West. 
 
We are looking to launch 1 or maybe 2 towers, in fact, Sunteck Beach Residences at Vasai. And 
we are looking to launch one more new tower in Sunteck Sky Park at Mira Road and 1 or 2 
towers in Sunteck Crescent Park at Kalyan. So these are the launches which we are looking in 
H2 of the coming financial year. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
What would be this GDV of these projects? 
Kamal Khetan: 
So for 1 tower of 5th Avenue, GDV will be close to INR1,500 crores. 2 towers of Sunteck Beach 
Residences will be INR400 crores to INR500 crores. And 1 tower in Sunteck Sky Park Mira 
Road will be close to INR600 crores to INR700 crores. And 2 towers at Sunteck Crescent Park 
will be close to INR300 crores. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
And my second question is on the projects that you have mentioned, sir, Nepean Sea Road, and 
the Dubai project. So by, when do you think it would be launch ready, Nepean Sea Road and 
Dubai projects? FY '26, can you be certain that by FY '26, it would -- these 2 projects would be 
launch ready? 
Kamal Khetan: 
So yes, good question, Biplab. We are very, very confident that before FY '26, we will be able 
to launch both these projects, both Nepean Sea Road and Dubai. And this quarter, we have also 
added our new project in Bandra West, which we have acquired 1 or 2 quarter back, which we 
have already announced in the market.  
We only put any new project in GDV value when we are confident that we will be able to launch 
in the next 12 to 15 months. So we are very, very confident that all these 3 projects which are 
newly added in the GDV value, which is Nepean Sea Road, Dubai, and the Bandra West project, 
all 3 projects will be launched in FY '26 -- before the end of FY '26. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Abhinav Sinha from Jefferies India. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Sir, congratulations on the strong performance that we have seen in the first half. So now sales 
have started growing faster versus the previous couple of years. And you are also highlighting 
the large launch pipeline with Nepean Sea and Dubai and Bandra in the next 12, 15 months.  
So my question is that what is the GDV value we are looking at, say, medium term or 3 years 
down the line? So that's the first question. And secondly, also wanted to hear your take on the 
Mumbai projects -- Mumbai market in general on pricing, particularly. 
Kamal Khetan: 
So GDV value for the -- we are very confident. If you see the growth of our GDV value, we 
have been able to double our GDV value in spite of growing sales every less than 3 years, every 
3 years. And we continue to mention in our past calls also and current calls also that we will 
continue to grow our GDV value also aggressively and continue to maintain our strong balance 
sheet. 

 
 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 8 
 
 
for the next few years, we'll continue to grow like in 3 years, we'll double the GDV value. We'll 
continue to double our GDV value. So that is where we are on the GDV value. And the second 
question was? 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Mumbai market price. 
Kamal Khetan: 
So Mumbai market price. So Mumbai market, I think is -- obviously, we are seeing very robust 
market. And so pricing have only firmed up. We believe that now the pricing, we are not 
considering any increase in pricing at least at any of our projects. We are very clear that pricing 
is quite appreciated in last few quarters. And we want to be -- we are seeing a stable pricing and 
increasing the momentum by selling more volumes. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Right. Sir, where would you have launched the Ultra World project at what price point? 
Kamal Khetan: 
So it's in Naigaon. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Yes. But what is the price point here? 
Kamal Khetan: 
Naigaon, as you know, the price point is close to INR10,000 a square feet, and we have launched 
it at that same pricing, INR10,000 a square feet. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Axis Capital. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
So two questions. First, on Dubai, what would be your strategy in terms of launch there? It's a 
INR10,000 crores worth of project. But how would you go about the launches, whether you'll 
be able to -- and you will go tower by tower there with -- and what kind of GDV launch can we 
expect there? 
 
And second question is on the collections. This quarter, while sales in our luxury project was 
good, we have maintained that momentum, but I think collection was just INR1 crores, INR1.5 
crores or INR14 crores rather. So why was it lower that way? So those are two questions. 
Prashant Chaubey: 
Pritesh, Prashant here. So I'll answer the second question first. So as far as the collections goes, 
if you look in the first half, in the first half, we have done luxury sales of close to INR271 crores, 
and we have collected INR128 crores. And going forward, you will see as we give possession 
in BKC, this collection will come up in the coming quarters. So there is no -- so that is how it 
is. As possession is still pending, that's why the collection is slightly lower. You will see that 
recovering in the coming quarters. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. And the first question on Dubai strategy? 
Kamal Khetan: 
Yes. Kamal here, Pritesh. So what we are telling Dubai, there will be only 2 towers. It is not that 
there are multiple towers. It's in the -- so just to give you an idea, our Dubai project is in the Burj 
Khalifa location, which is the heart of downtown, which is very near to the -- or almost, I can 
say, adjacent to the Dubai mall. 
 
So it is a high-ticket price and high-ticket size inventory. So it is not the volume. So we are 
looking at a sale of almost close to 1 million square feet of the sale area, which will come in 2 

 
 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 8 
 
towers. We may launch 1 tower at a time. And we are looking to exhaust this inventory in, let's 
say, 2 to 3 years or 3 to 4 years maximum. That's how we see Dubai projects in terms of sales 
launch and all. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
3 to 4 years for full project or 1 tower? 
Kamal Khetan: 
So we are talking about both the towers in 3 to 4 years. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Okay, awesome. And just lastly on Naigaon, generally we have a very good response whenever 
we have launched the phase there. Obviously, I can understand Ultra World was launched much 
later in the quarter. But how do you think the response overall has been since we are already 1, 
1.5 months through the quarter. So the response to that project? 
Kamal Khetan: 
It is up to our expectations. The launch has been very good. And we are satisfied the way the 
launch has happened. And we are quite bullish on overall sales, and we will continue to get our 
numbers of pre-sales. What we have been talking 30% growth year-on-year on our pre-sales 
number. I think we will very easily achieve that pre-sales number growth with all the launches 
and including the launch of Ultra World, what we have done. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sir, you said earlier that you want to double your GDV in the next 3 years. So essentially, what 
you're saying is you'll add about INR38,000 crores worth of additional projects in the next 3 
years. Is that the correct understanding? 
Kamal Khetan: 
Sorry, we lost you Kunal. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Okay. Yes, I'll just repeat myself. Am I audible now? 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Okay. So Kamal ji, you mentioned earlier that you will double the GDV in the next 3 years. Just 
correct me if I'm wrong, you're talking about the -- so essentially, what you're saying is you'll 
add INR38,000 crores worth of GDV in the next 3 years in terms of new projects? Is that what 
you're saying? 
Kamal Khetan: 
Yes. So what -- if you see our GDV value chart, what we have done. In FY '22, we were with a 
GDV value of INR13,650 crores. And when we tell -- in FY '25, we are more than double. We 
are almost triple in GDV value from FY '22 to FY '25. Today, if you look at FY '25, we are at 
INR37,000 crores almost. So more than, in fact, triple, almost triple.. 
 
And if you look at FY '23, once again, so in FY '23, we were at INR19,000 crores GDV value. 
So in FY '26, if you look 3 years from FY '23, we should be INR38,000 crores. We are already 
INR37,000 crores. And again, if we take FY '24, which is INR26,000 crores, we are talking that 
in FY '27, I should be INR52,000 crores. So if you tell me in FY '27, whether we'll be INR52,000 
crores, yes, we are confident we'll be -- in FY '27, we will be INR52,000 crores. I hope I've 
answered your question, Kunal. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure. So you're saying that you'll add about INR15,000 crores of additional projects in the next 
2 years? 

 
 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 8 
 
Kamal Khetan: 
Yes, minimum. Minimum. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Correct. Correct. And any color on -- like just a related question on that, any color on like where 
you'd be adding these projects within the city limits or outside of the city limits, if you can share? 
Kamal Khetan: 
So Kunal, very good question once again. So if you see, we have all the new projects which have 
been added are in the main city limits, and it is between like mainly, in fact, it is in South Mumbai 
or in the Bandra locations. So we are clear that we want to keep our portfolio fully balanced in 
every -- because we are Mumbai focused in MMR focused, we want to be across the city limits. 
And now we feel that our more addition will be towards the South Mumbai or in the city limits. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Okay. Great. Good to know, sir. My second question, sir, is on the rental portfolio. You have 
highlighted that by '27, '28, you'll have Sunteck City 5th Avenue commissioned and ready sort 
of. Where are we in terms of approvals and plans here for the 5th Avenue? 
Kamal Khetan: 
Yes. In commercial portfolio, we have got the main approval, which we were not getting it, 
which we have already -- I think I mentioned in the last call or before that, that we have got that 
approval through the court. And now we are in the process of any time launching that -- start the 
construction, but basically, we want to lease out that property. So we will be very soon starting 
the construction on it. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Okay. Understood. And lastly, sir, like what's the approval status for Borivali now? And what's 
the launch pipeline for that? 
Kamal Khetan: 
So we are approval process very -- frankly, we are not clear right now since there is a change in 
the government, what will be the new government policy. I just want to share that it is -- it comes 
under some SDZ policy. So this government has given some SDZ policy. I think most of the -- 
all the people who are waiting for the clear SDZ policy are just waiting. 
 
We know that we are very close to the election dates. And as and when the new government 
comes, if there is more clarity on that SDZ policy, we will like to take that approval. In fact, the 
scope of getting the approval is in -- the scope is with the landlord. It is in landlord scope to get 
the approval. So obviously, he's waiting for this SDZ policy to be cleared once the new 
government comes. And I think we should be very soon getting a lot of clarity once the new 
SDZ policy is in place. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Great. So does that mean that FY '26 launch is more likely? 
Kamal Khetan: 
Kunal, I just mentioned that when there is a clarity, we would like to give you an exact day and 
time, at least we will be able to tell you that we'll be able to launch in the next 6 to 9 months. 
And if that clarity would come, firstly, we will add to our GDV value -- this project to our GDV 
value. And that's why we have so much of confidence that we'll continue to put more projects in 
the GDV value because we know what we are negotiating right now in the market and some of 
the projects we are at a very advanced stage in getting into the GDV value as well as we are 
negotiating some very new projects, which is in South Mumbai and Bandra locations. And we 
are confident that as soon as we get clarity for ESKAY Resorts, which is in Borivali, we will be 
able to maybe ideally put that at least in GDV value in FY '26 for sure. 

 
 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 8 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will conclude our question-and-answer session at this point. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Khetan, for 
closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Kamal Khetan: 
Thank you all for taking the time out of your busy schedule to join us today. In case if any of 
your queries have been left unanswered, please feel free to reach out to our Investor Relations 
team. We truly value your continued support and look forward to strengthen this relationship. 
Stay safe, everyone, and thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you all for taking the time out for Sunteck's earnings call. 
