 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
D. B. Corp Limited CIN: L22210GJ1995PLC047208 Website: www.dbcorpltd.com E-mail: dbcs@dbcorp.in 
Registered Office: Plot No. 280, Sarkhej-Gandhinagar Highway, Near YMCA Club, Makarba, Ahmedabad - 380 051, Gujarat, Tel.: 079 4908 8809 
Head Office: Dwarka Sadan, 6, Press Complex, M.P. Nagar, Zone I, Bhopal - 462 011, Madhya Pradesh, Tel.: 0755 4730 000 
Corporate Office: 501, 5th Floor, Naman Corporate Link, Opp. Dena Bank, C-31, G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051, Maharashtra, Tel.: 022 7157 7000 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
The Manager (Listing - CRD)
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001.                                      
Scrip Code: 533151 
 
ISIN: INE950I01011 
The Manager (Listing Department) 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051.                             
SYMBOL:  DBCORP 
 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on Wednesday, October 16, 2024 
 
Ref.:  Regulation 30 and 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’) 
             
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letter dated October 9, 2024 and October 14, 2024 and pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 
of the SEBI Listing Regulations, we hereby submit the transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on Wednesday, 
October 16, 2024 at 4:30 PM (IST) on the Company’s financial performance for second quarter and half year 
ended September 30, 2024. 
 
The same has been uploaded on the Company’s website within the stipulated timelines at 
https://www.dbcorpltd.com/financial-results.php. 
 
The link to access the said transcript is: 
https://dbcorpltd.com/img/DB_Corp_Q2_FY25_Conference_Call_Transcript.pdf  
 
Request you to kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For D. B. Corp Limited 
 
 
Om Prakash Pandey 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: F7555 
 
Encl.: as above 
OM 
PRAKASH 
PANDEY
Digitally signed by OM PRAKASH PANDEY 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=6169, 
pseudonym=KJRN0camRWJM4oRrErfe6WoyZRT
3fQNC, 
2.5.4.20=c307a34cd872e86a524bf95912b60c85
01f569d50722b06d046715499dd27fe8, 
postalCode=452016, st=Madhya Pradesh, 
serialNumber=d746008d19f74f5d166504fd548c
082bdf74fad2970b9b2c3167b0f5d406abb1, 
cn=OM PRAKASH PANDEY 
Date: 2024.10.22 17:49:53 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“DB Corp Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 16, 2024 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the DB Corp Limited Q2 and H1 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
We have with us today the senior management team of DB Corp Limited, Mr. Pawan 
Agarwal - Deputy Managing Director; Mr. Girish Agarwal - Non-Executive Director; Mr. 
Lalit Jain - Chief Financial Officer, Mr Mushtaq Ali- Sr Vice President (Fin & A/c) and Mr. 
Prasoon Kumar Pandey, Head Investor and Media Relations, who will represent DB Corp 
Limited on the call. 
 
The management will be sharing the key operating and financial highlights for the quarter 
ended September 30, 2024, followed by a question-and-answer session. Please note that 
some of the statements made in today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature and 
may involve risks and uncertainties. Documents relating to the company's financial 
performance have already been e-mailed to you and are available on the website of the 
stock exchanges and the company's Investors section. Trust you have been able to go 
through the same. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pawan Agarwal. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Very good evening to everyone, and thank you for joining the Q2 FY2025 DB Corp 
Earnings Conference Call. We begin the call by highlighting the key financial performance 
for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, followed by key operational updates. Starting 
with our overall performance for the first half of the year. We saw total revenue growth of 
2% to INR11,988 million, compared to INR 11,755 million in the previous year. Our 

 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
advertising revenue has increased by 1% to INR 8,291 million, while circulation revenue is 
almost flat at INR 2,367 million. 
 
I'm particularly pleased to report that our EBITDA grew by 10.4%, reaching INR 3,351 
million, up from INR 3,035 million. This growth was driven by effective cost control 
measures, alongside the benefits of softer newsprint prices leading to an expansion in our 
EBITDA margin from 26% to 28%. Our print business EBITDA margin expanded by 400 
basis points to 32% for H1 of FY25. Our net profit also saw an increase of 12% standing at 
INR 2,004 million compared to INR 1,790 million last year. Radio business led radio 
industry growth with 11% Y-o-Y growth to INR 801 million against INR 720 million of 
last year. 
 
Now coming to Q2FY25 results. Total revenue was recorded at INR 5,825 million, down 
from INR 6,019 million in Q2 FY2024, primarily due to prolonged monsoon and high base 
effect from last year's election environment-driven advertising surge. Advertising revenue 
stood at INR 4,014 million, reflecting the same trend. Circulation revenue was flat at INR 
1,175 million. Our EBITDA for the quarter was INR 1,442 million with an EBITDA 
margin of 25%, down from 1,676 million in the prior year. Net profit for the quarter was 
INR 826 million compared to INR 1,003 million last year. 
 
In the Radio segment, we experienced good growth with advertising revenue up 16% year-
on-year to INR 414 million compared to INR 356 million. EBITDA in this segment grew 
by 22% to INR 132 million from INR 108 million. We are, in parallel, focusing on our 
digital business strategy. I'm happy to share that our MAUs have now reached to 19.6 
million as on 31st August 2024. And Dainik Bhaskar is the digital leader with the number 
one Hindi and Gujarati news apps. 
 
With this, I would now request Mr. Girish Agarwal to update us on the operations. Girish ji, 
over to you. 
Girish Agarwal: 
Thank you, Pawan, and good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us. I would like to 
build on the overview you have just heard, and provide some further additional insight into 
our performance for this quarter. Frankly speaking, we were not able to meet our 
advertisement growth targets in Q2FY25 due to prolonged monsoon and also a pretty high 
base of last year. However, if you see the last 3 years CAGR growth in revenue and bottom 
line performance, our advertisement revenue has shown robust growth over the past 3 
years, registering a CAGR of almost 20%, reflecting the strength of our business model and 
profit after tax has also experienced impressive growth of around 44% CAGR in last 3 
years. 
 
This showcases our commitment to profitability. And good news, what I can share with you 
is that the newsprint prices for the next couple of quarters are indicated to be remaining soft 

 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
as what we have registered in Q2 this year. In the first half of this financial year, we saw a 
slight year-on-year increase in advertising revenue, also supported by a strong performance 
in our Radio segment. Our EBITDA margin expanded slightly, largely driven by our 
effective cost management and favorable newsprint price. Our capital allocation strategy 
remains strong with our consistent approach to dividends. We have declared two interim 
dividends so far, reflecting our financial health and commitment to returning value to our 
stakeholders. 
 
As a leader, Dainik Bhaskar is well positioned for continued growth. While some sectors 
have faced challenges, others, particularly automobile, real estate, jewellery, education are 
maintaining the momentum for the advertising. Our editorial team is dedicated to covering 
local issues that matter most to our readers, and we are very happy to see positive 
engagement with our content. Our focus on our reader engagement, operational efficiency 
and market leadership continues to yield positive results for us, and we remain committed 
to delivering value to our stakeholders. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Amit Doshi from Care Portfolio Managers. Please go ahead. 
Amit Doshi: 
Congratulations on the continuous digital MAU sustainable numbers. But that digital 
growth, if you can elaborate, it has come from which region? I mean, is it coming from 
some new areas that we were planning to explore or from the existing states that we are 
already present or any color on that? 
Girish Agarwal: 
So, as you know, in digital, there is no boundary. We are expanding all over India where 
our people can read Hindi and Gujarati. So, the growth in Hindi has come from our states. 
And also, we opened up market of Uttar Pradesh and Bihar, and Uttarakhand for digital 
presence. And I think we have got a pretty sizable growth from there also. 
Amit Doshi: 
Okay. Sir, circulation revenue has obviously degrown. So, is it the number of copies have 
reduced by those 2%, 2.5%? And if not, then what is the reason? And if -- there is two 
mentions in the press release about some mega offer as well as some closed agency 
initiative. So, if you can slightly elaborate on that? 
Girish Agarwal: 
You are right. Post election, we have seen a decline of around 2 - 3% in our circulation. 
And that's a matter of concern for us. And that is the reason why we've been brainstorming 
a lot from last almost a month to see how we can bring not only these copies back, go back 
to the growth trajectory. And we have planned some reader initiative, and you will see a lot 
many such activities happening from November itself, post Diwali. 
Amit Doshi: 
Okay. And so this close agency initiative is part of that only, mega offers, etc? 

 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
Girish Agarwal: 
Everything. 
Amit Doshi: 
"Okay. Sir, regarding the reduction in circulation revenue, what is the industry trend? While 
we know our numbers, is the overall industry also experiencing a decline?" 
Girish Agarwal: 
Post election, most of us, I think, everybody of us saw a reduction in circulation because 
generally what happen, there is a calculation dip in the summer month. I think that dip got 
slightly postponed to the quarter 2 because of the Lok Sabha election euphoria in the 
quarter 1. 
Amit Doshi: 
Okay. And sir, our dividend payout has been very good, obviously, even on the Q1 and Q2 
both results. So, our history indicates 60%. And so far, we have already distributed 100%. 
So, any change of plans for a dividend payout policy of the company? 
Girish Agarwal: 
I think it's a Board decision as and when they meet and they decide looking at the cash 
reserve company has and the requirement for the future. So, I'm sure the Board will 
continue deciding in the matter, which is beneficial for these stakeholders. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rakesh from Nine Rivers Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rakesh: 
We witnessed a sharp increase in other expenses in Q2 versus last year, any reason for that? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Multiple things in that thing. Some of the expenses, which we were delaying from last one 
year, as you would appreciate, a lot many things for the staff, a lot many things for the 
market need to be done. As in digital, also, we are looking at newer geographies and all 
that. So, all these expenses put together, we saw that increase over there. 
Rakesh: 
Okay. And that is sustainable? That will remain like that in the coming quarters or it will 
increase further? 
Girish Agarwal: 
It all depends. Because see next month onwards, we are trying to do some circulation drive, 
some readership promotion scheme. So, there may be some impact over there. I really can't 
quantify the number right now. 
Rakesh: 
Okay. But it will be in line with the revenue growth? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Certainly, yes. 
Rakesh: 
Okay. And sir, coming to the first question, with respect to the revenue growth, this quarter 
revenue growth was impacted. One reason was monsoon, and second reason was the 
election that was in the last year same quarter in MP as well as Chhattisgarh. So, if we look 
at full year, every year quarter, there will be some elections in some states. What kind of 
revenue growth are we anticipating for the full year? 

 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
Girish Agarwal: 
I think, see, overall, we have to see how market is responding. So, for example, if you look 
at India's GDP growth in the quarter 1 was 8.1%, largely. While in July, it came down to 
6.1% and in August it was 6.2% or 6.3%. So, I think the overall country saw that the July 
and August or September was slightly subdued month. So that also impacted us. But in 
certain categories, we are able to see the growth. For example, automobile. Now 
automobile is one category who was earlier not advertising much. But in this quarter, we 
have seen the automobile has shown a fantastic growth. 
 
Because automobile had stocks piled up and they need to liquidate that. So, automobile 
grew by almost 50% in this quarter. Real estate saw a huge growth of almost 35% in this 
quarter, while government almost went down to half. So, it all depends like lifestyle is still 
not kicking in. There's a decline in lifestyle category compared to last year. So, I think it all 
depends how the market and the economy shapes up. Based on that, we are trying to do our 
best. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Okay because sir when I look at last 3 years' performance, the economy has grown at 6%, 
7%, but we have grown at 15%, 2x or about 2.5x of the revenue. Can we see the same kind 
of growth in the coming -- this full year for full year? 
Girish Agarwal: 
To be very honest 15% full year, this year I don't think that number would be really correct 
to justify, but if I take the election revenue out of that, strong single-digit number should be 
the one what we are aiming for and should be able to deliver. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Okay. That was really helpful. And sir with respect to the digital business, so we have seen 
the number of subscribers in the last two quarters increasing significantly from 14 million 
in March to 20 million at the end of August '24. Just wanted to understand is there any 
change with respect to the content strategy or if a new initiative taken by the management 
with respect to increasing that user base? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Sir, whatever little I could understand your question since your voice is slightly blurring, 
you said there's a growth in the digital subscriber readers, so any reason for that? So let me 
explain you the reason is more about the content, the technical quality of the product and as 
well as the newer geography which we are expanding on. See advantage in digital is that 
since I'm already having a digital network, So, I can expand to -- anybody who can read 
Hindi and Gujarati sitting in any part of the country can subscribe to me, can download my 
app. So, I don't have to set up a distribution system for him. So, I think that's the advantage 
we are getting furthermore and the quality, of course. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Okay. The quality of the content, you're talking? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Yes, quality is both. The technical -- the technology and as well as the content because if 
your technical -- technology-wise if you are weak then obviously it becomes irritating for 

 
Page 6 of 16 
 
 
anybody to download your app. At the same time, the content has to be fabulous.  
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Okay. So, if I understand that point correctly, one is the quality of the content or the nature 
of the content as well as the user friendly app that is helping us to grow better? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Whatever I could make out of your thing, I would have to say, yes, only because your voice 
is totally blurred. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Okay. Sir I will join back the queue I think there is some network issue. Thank you for the 
opportunity. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohammed Patel from Care Portfolio 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Mohammed Patel: 
So, can you be a bit more specific on what actually increased in the other expenses Y-o-Y? 
Girish Agarwal: 
So other expenses had multiple things. Reaching out to the circulation agents to see how we 
can motivate them again to come in. Second and also had certain events what we did for the 
advertising revenue clients. That is also a part of it. For example, we do multiple awards 
functions and all that. That's a part of this. This also had some expenses for the advertising 
promotion like company does some engagement activity with the advertisers that is also 
included. We have not been doing it last year. This year we did that. So multiple such 
expenses on that, nothing which is very extraordinary. 
Mohammed Patel: 
And the same reason for quarter-on-quarter increase as well? 
Girish Agarwal: 
No, I think next quarter onwards some of this will go down drastically which was done for 
the festival season specifically. 
Mohammed Patel: 
My next question is so how are you looking at the festival season? Are we seeing the 
revival in the ad spends? 
Girish Agarwal: 
So, festival so far we have just completed Navaratri days. I think it's good and I hope this 
continues. Though let me put the rider there. It is not amazingly that I'm already burning the 
crackers right now. It's not that good, but it's good and I hope this continues going forward 
furthermore. 
Mohammed Patel: 
Okay. What is the share of government in Q2 last year versus this year? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Government share - last year government share was pretty high because of the local 
elections there and this year it has come down. As I told you, government revenue has come 
down by almost half compared to last year. 

 
Page 7 of 16 
 
 
Mohammed Patel: 
Can you share the percentage contribution. 
Girish Agarwal: 
You will appreciate because of the competition involved, we don't give exact number out. 
Mohammed Patel: 
Okay. And what was the government share in the last year Q3 and Q4. So, I was just trying 
to understand can this impact the sales growth for Q3 and Q4 as well, upcoming quarters? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Frankly speaking, upcoming quarters, I don't think much of the government will impact 
much of it. I don't have the exact number right now. Mr. Prasoon Pandey can give you the 
details offline, please. 
Mohammed Patel: 
Because last year Q4 should include central election as well? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Yes. So, I'm saying Mr. Prasoon Pandey should be able to give you the exact details much 
more on that. 
Mohammed Patel: 
Okay. And what will be our annual expenses on the digital business? 
Girish Agarwal: 
If you remember sir, we took the approval from all of you and our board that we will not 
disclose any detailed number of our digital business. So, because of that we are not giving 
out any digital specific numbers. 
Mohammed Patel: 
Okay sir. Thanks.  
Moderator: 
Okay. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sagar Parekh from One Up 
Financial Consultants. Please go ahead. 
Sagar Parekh: 
So firstly, on this advertisement, did I hear it correctly that you expect a strong single-digit 
growth for FY25 because H1 has been flat for us in terms of advertisement growth.  
Girish Agarwal: 
Yes. So, I'm expecting a strong single-digit growth overall year minus the last year surge of 
the election point. If I compare apple to apple, then I'm looking at a strong single-digit 
number. 
Sagar Parekh: 
So last year, FY25, your overall advertisement was about INR1,600 crores. How much do 
we have to take it out, which was like a onetime election-related surge? 
Girish Agarwal: 
As of now, I don't have the exact number, but our target is that if I take out, say, roughly 
whatever 5% of that or whatever number. If I take that out, then we should be able to 
deliver a strong single-digit on that. . 
Sagar Parekh: 
Okay. So, 5% was broadly the onetime kind of surge due to elections. 
Girish Agarwal: 
Percent of whatever. 

 
Page 8 of 16 
 
 
Sagar Parekh: 
And secondly, on this newsprint prices, what is our outlook for that? So, I think in the press 
release, it was mentioned that it's likely to remain similar. 
Girish Agarwal: 
Newsprint was INR 51,500 last year in this quarter. And in this quarter, it is INR 48,000. 
We believe that the quarter 3 and 4 should largely be there itself, maybe 1%, 2% here and 
there. 
Sagar Parekh: 
Right. Got it. And one more question, if I look at our results, there is this line item called 
net impairment losses on financial assets. Every quarter, there is like an item, which is like 
INR5 crores, INR 6 crores, INR 7 crores kind of number. So last year was about INR 35 
crores. What exactly is this number pertaining to? 
Lalit Jain: 
See, there is a substantial improvement in our collection of debtors, and because of that, this 
year, we need not make so much provision. 
Sagar Parekh: 
So, this is a provision of debtors. 
Lalit Jain: 
Yes, provision against the debtors as per the expected credit loss identified by the auditors, 
so there is a substantial improvement in the debtors collection. 
Sagar Parekh: 
So H1 also is about INR 10 crores, INR11 crores kind of number. 
Lalit Jain: 
Yes, against the INR 14 crores of last year, this was INR10.9 crores. 
Girish Agarwal: 
That number has reduced over a period of time. 
Lalit Jain: 
Yes. 
Sagar Parekh: 
But this is likely to like IN R20 crores to INR25 crores, we can expect every year to flow 
through to P&L basically because this is expected. 
Lalit Jain: 
Yes, roughly we can say. 
Sagar Parekh: 
Okay. And my last question would be on the digital piece. So, I understand that we do not 
disclose anything yet, but when can we see apart from monthly active users, any other data 
points, which can help us gauge our digital business better? When can we see better 
disclosure or some increase in disclosure quality from your side? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Yes, I can only assure you as of now that the team is working very hard on it and giving the 
results, which nobody else in this country is doing and which is evident from the MAU 
itself. For example, we have an MAU of almost 19 million, 20 million. If you compare this 
MAU with any other news platform, which you can see from ComScore, we would be 
having in the language of Hindi at least 5x higher size. 

 
Page 9 of 16 
 
 
 
So that itself speaks of the kind of effort, which team is putting in the market. And as you 
know, as far as the disclosure quality is concerned, we always try to be the best and inform 
you everything possible but this is a very competitive space. So that's the reason we have 
taken the liberty from you and approval from all of you that allow us not to disclose the 
number. Otherwise, you know how the market is. 
Sagar Parekh: 
But it will largely be a subscription-driven business model going forward, right? 
Girish Agarwal: 
It should be both, subscription as well as advertising revenue also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Janish Shah from JS Equity Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Janish Shah: 
So, again, dwelling a little bit more on the digital piece. I just wanted to understand how are 
the markets reacting when it comes to the people consuming digital media as well as 
through newspapers? Is there a cannibalization which is happening in the market right now 
or is there an impact which you are right now taking on your business? And probably, the 
fruits of that may get reaped in the future. Is that the kind of a scenario, which is there in the 
market? If you can help try and understand how has this two-piece balancing in the market? 
It seems like we might be in a transitionary period. But if you can just give some 
understanding about, how do you see the transition happening in the market over the next 2 
-3 years and maybe the monetization of this change. When do you see the inflection point 
coming in.  that will be helpful to understand the business much better rather than just 
tracking the quarterly numbers, that will be helpful for the longer-term understanding of the 
company. 
Girish Agarwal: 
Sure. See, as far as the market is concerned, you'll have to understand print has a particular 
number, a particular percentage of reach in the market. For example, a state, which has a 
population of, say, 10 crores. In that market, let's assume 10 crores population means 
almost 1.8 or, say, 2 crores households over there. And the number of people, those who 
can read say literacy of 70%. So, it means almost 1.4 crores households could read a 
newspaper, then the poverty line and all that. 
Say, still take 1 crores. But in that one state, the newspaper circulation would be in the 
range of around 10 lakh copies, 15 lakh copies, which means what? There's a huge chunk of 
people, those who are not reading newspaper, even earlier, for some reason, they were not 
because not inclined or convenience or expensive or whatever or what do you want to call 
it? 
Now through digital, I'm able to reach out to that audience also. So, cannibalization is a 
very limited aspect to be very honest because we are operating digital from last five, seven 

 
Page 10 of 16 
 
 
years on our ad business very aggressively. And since 2020 to 2024, you have seen from 2 
million I have gone tenfold to 20 million. Means I have not seen any major cannibalization 
happening on the circulation front. But having said that, is there a cannibalization of single 
digit? 
Of course, there is. But that should not deter me at all because even with that 
cannibalization of 5%, 7%, newspapers are thriving, the revenues are growing. Markets are 
increasing for them also because they have also a huge untapped market to further grow. 
And going forward, as you mentioned about the newer territories, in digital I have an 
advantage in the market where I'm not physically present, through my newspaper, I can 
reach out through a digital market also. And going forward, the monetization, I think, our 
focus is right now to acquire a customer, make him habitual to read my app. And 
monetization will happen at some point of time, the market will shape up at some point of 
time. I hope I answered your query, sir. 
Janish Shah: 
Yes. But is there any timeline or any kind of -- I mean, visibility which you can give, that 
will be helpful. I mean, at some point in time, it will happen. But I think whether to just get 
some understanding whether it is like three years away or a five year away, how does like 
your assessment goes? I'm not holding on to the numbers, but in general, just to get some -- 
just -- get some more data points or your understanding as to -- because numbers have 
grown quite substantially. 
                                                That's true. But where you see the -- it's the right time to monetize or start monetizing on 
these numbers, is something which is very much -- it's a question, which everybody would 
be interested to understand or know about in that sense 
Girish Agarwal: 
I can only say one word, have patience. 
Janish Shah: 
Yes. I understand your compulsions as well, but I’ll leave it to you on that. Second, could 
you provide a bit more of an update on Google and Facebook, particularly regarding the 
law that would require them to pay for content? Where do we stand in that journey, and 
how far are we from that piece in terms of monetization perspective? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Competition Commission of India is reviewing the petition filed by all of us for this issue of 
Google and Facebook. And since the matter is sub judice, I may not be able to comment on 
that. 
Janish Shah: 
Okay. And maybe the last question from me is, is there a consolidation post-COVID, which 
is now done? Or it is still happening in the market, which you got like a substantial benefit 
of as a large player? if you can give a little bit of an understanding with that trend? 
Girish Agarwal: 
The consolidation benefit came to us, and it should continue to coming to us because of our 

 
Page 11 of 16 
 
 
quality. 
Janish Shah: 
Yes. But is it still like at the pace at which it is happening or it has slowed down in the 
sense that the smaller or the smaller numbers or smaller players are still able to survive in 
the market and they are still holding on to their places. Is that the case, which is there? Like 
how do you read that situation? 
 
Girish Agarwal: 
Yes, obviously, the numbers -- the pace has come down, but I'm very hopeful that with the 
kind of quality journalism what we are doing, the pace will continue and will take a blip 
and jump in coming months, coming maybe whatever time, but it will. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Krushi Parekh from Pentacle Family Office. 
Krushi Parekh: 
At a very broader level, can you help me understand how are we acquiring the app users? 
Which are the strategies, which are the tools that we are using? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Very simple, sir, good quality of journalism and fantastic technological support on the app. 
So that when a consumer comes to my app through any kind of reference or promotion, he 
should feel that it's worth it, spending time over there. 
Krushi Parekh: 
Right. So, when you say references and promotions, so how are we promoting this? How 
are we incentivizing people to share the word about our app? 
Girish Agarwal: 
We are not incentivizing anybody for this. We are simply using the whatever mediums 
available, normal mediums available in the advertising market, promotion market in a 
reasonable manner. And I think it's all about content. We all keep forgetting that no amount 
of promotion can bring a customer to you or make him stay if your content is not good. 
Focus is on content. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Saini, who is an Individual Investor. 
Mohit Saini: 
Sir, can you just make me understand for the reason of top line fall this quarter? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Sorry. What did you say? 
Mohit Saini: 
The reason for the fall in top line this quarter? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Since you came late, you may not have heard my earlier discussion. The top line fall 
actually happened because last year in this quarter, the advertising was impacted upward 
because of the elections in the market. So, in MP, Chhattisgarh, Rajasthan, there was a 
government advertising and also government was spending a hell of a lot of money in the 

 
Page 12 of 16 
 
 
market, which gave extra disposable income for a lot of people. So, people were advertising 
and spending money on those stuff. So, this year, because that is down.  
Also, if you look at the GDP of the country and that between the Q1 and Q2, there's a 
difference from 8%, it came down to 6.2%. I think that also impacted. And third was the 
prolonged monsoon this time also, so a little bit of impact because of that also. So, if I take 
only election out compared to last year and this year, then -- which is minus 7% position for 
me, it almost gets reversed. 
Mohit Saini: 
Okay, sir. Sir, also in the print circulation that in the last conference call, you said we are 
planning to push for more print selling newspapers to the dealers and just pushing it due to 
softening of newsprint prices, but that has not happened yet like in the numbers as I can 
see? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Sir, we got some benefit out of the Lok Sabha election on that and we are almost on the 
verge of launching a lot of readers scheme, promotion schemes post Diwali. Because what 
happened, anything you do in September because the monsoon was bad and October is a 
festive month, so better to avoid this month from the involvement point of view. So, from 
November onwards, you will see a lot of things happening. And please wish us luck for 
that. 
Mohit Saini: 
Yes, definitely, sure. Also, just a small question adding to that. On the ESOPs that we are 
providing, are there more in the pipeline for this quarter? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Yes, sir. There'll be some ESOPs happening because we firmly believe the people, those 
who are working day-in and day-out for you, you better incentivize them either through 
salary or some structure. 
Mohit Saini: 
Okay. And one last question, sir, small, that are we looking to top the last year quarter 3, 
INR 640 crores mark in top line. Can you just throw some light on that? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Sir, we are trying our best, working hard for this. Let's see how your well wishes impact us 
now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akash, an individual investor. 
Akash: 
Sir, I wanted to ask you what is the ad yield rates if we compare that to the pre-COVID 
level? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Slight improvement, sir. Not much improvement because advertiser, as you know,-- always 
they try to push us down and we've been trying to push ourselves a bit up, so nothing 
worthwhile that I can gloat about. 

 
Page 13 of 16 
 
 
Akash: 
Okay, right sir. And sir, what is the print circulation this quarter, sir? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Unfortunately, sir, compared to last year, we are down by 2%, 3%. And we need to really 
work hard much more on that to see, and we are planning a lot of things. So hopefully, we 
should be able to improve going forward. 
Akash: 
Okay. And sir, can you put the light on the sectorial performance? Like what are the 
contributions of the different sectors? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Yes, sir. So, education, if you see YoY, education was single-digit growth. Government 
went down almost half. Automobile showed a 50% growth. Real estate showed a good 30% 
growth. FMCG, as a category, showed a 20% growth. Lifestyle, which is like clothing and 
shoes and all that, that category went down by almost 10%. Jewellery, slight growth. Yes, 
so that's the mix of it. 
Akash: 
Right, sir. And sir, what is the major contribution, sir? Like what are the contributions of 
these sectors? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Almost same what they were doing last year, barring the government, sir. 
Akash: 
Okay, sir. So last year, your copies were like INR 40 lakhs. So, it is around like INR 39 
lakhs odd? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Yes, sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahil Shah from Crown Capital. 
Rahil Shah: 
Sir, just one question regarding -- you mentioned ad revenues, you expect single high-digit 
growth, but I would also like to know your views and expectations overall for the business. 
For FY25, what kind of top line growth you expect? And also, more than a month back in 
an interview, you had mentioned that you expect margins to be around 29% to 33%. So, do 
you still believe you can achieve that because this quarter has been weak? 
Girish Agarwal: 
So, sir, in this quarter, our margin came down from 28% to 25%, right. But if you look at 
the H1, our margins are at 28%. So, if I do -- my team, which are working hard, I'm sure if 
they do something better, so we should be able to reach 30%. It's not an easy task, but it is 
not like an undoable task. We're working hard. If market supports us, India's GDP support 
us, I'm sure we should be able to do that. 
Rahil Shah: 
Okay. And on the top line, like all businesses combined? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Yes, the top line grows, then only this margin will grow. 

 
Page 14 of 16 
 
 
Rahil Shah: 
So, any certain percentage figure you have in mind, which you will be able to? 
Girish Agarwal: 
So, looking at strong single-digit growth. 
Rahil Shah: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Girish Agarwal: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraints, we have reached the end of our 
question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Thank you, everyone for your participation and time on this earnings call today. I hope we 
responded to your queries and we'll always be happy to be of assistance through our 
Investor Relations department headed by Mr. Prasoon Kumar Pandey for all your further 
queries. Thank you, and have a great evening. 
Girish Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of DB Corp Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
