 
  DEPT.: SECRETARIAL 
 
The South Indian Bank Ltd., Regd. Office: Thrissur, Kerala  
Head Office: S.I.B. House, T.B. Road, P.B. No: 28, Thrissur - 680001, Kerala  
(Tel) 0487-2420 020, (Fax) 91 487-244 2021, e-mail: sibcorporate@sib.co.in  
CIN: L65191KL 1929PLC001017, Toll Free (India) 1800-102-9408, 1800-425-1809 (BSNL) 
www.southindianbank.com 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No.C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
SCRIP CODE: SOUTHBANK 
BSE Ltd. 
 
Department of Corporate Services (Listing), 
First Floor, New Trading Wing, 
 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers,                            
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001. 
SCRIP CODE: 532218 
 
Dear Madam/Sir(s), 
 
Sub: Conference call for Investors/Analysts –Transcript of the Conference Call 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30,46 and all other applicable provisions of Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 and in continuation to 
our letters SEC/ST.EX.STT/162/2024-25 dated October 10, 2024 and SEC/ST.EX.STT/176/2024-
25 dated October 17, 2024, we wish to inform you that, the transcript of the conference call for 
Investors and Analysts held on Thursday, October 17, 2024 at 15:30 hrs (IST) is attached herewith 
and made available on the Bank’s website at www.southindianbank.com under the following link, 
 
https://www.southindianbank.com/userfiles/file/sib_q2-fy24-25_earnings_call_transcript.pdf  
 
This is for your information and appropriate dissemination. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
(JIMMY MATHEW) 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
REF. No. :   SEC/ST.EX.STT/183/2024-25 
  
DATE      :    October 22, 2024 
 
 
JIMMY 
MATHEW
Digitally signed by 
JIMMY MATHEW 
Date: 2024.10.22 
18:48:57 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“South Indian Bank Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 17, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. P.R. SESHADRI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SOUTH INDIAN BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. DOLPHY JOSE – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – SOUTH INDIAN 
BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. ANTO GEORGE T – CHIEF GENERAL MANAGER, HR AND 
OPERATIONS – SOUTH INDIAN BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. SENTHIL KUMAR – HEAD OF CREDIT – SOUTH INDIAN 
BANK LIMITED  
 
MR. VINOD FRANCIS – GENERAL MANAGER AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – SOUTH INDIAN BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. JIMMY MATHEW – GENERAL MANAGER AND COMPANY 
SECRETARY – SOUTH INDIAN BANK LIMITED 
 
 
  
MODERATOR: 
MR. HARDIK SHAH – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the South Indian Bank Q2 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Hardik Shah from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and over 
to you, Mr. Shah. 
Hardik Shah: 
Yes. Hello, everyone. Good afternoon. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to the 
Q2 FY '25 post Earnings Conference Call of South Indian Bank. 
 
From the management side, we have with us MD and CEO, Mr. P.R. Seshadri, Executive 
Director, Mr. Dolphy Jose; Mr. Anto George T., CGM, HR and Operations; Mr. Sanchay Sinha, 
CGM, Head Retail Assets; Mr. Vinod Francis, GM and CFO; Mr. Jimmy Matthew, GM and 
Company Secretary; and other officials. I now hand the conference over to the management for 
the opening remarks, post which, we will have the Q&A session. Over to you, sir. 
P.R. Seshadri: 
Thank you very much, Hardik. Good evening to all of you, and thank you for joining us for the 
South Indian Bank Limited Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. Good evening to all of you, 
and our apologies for this slight interruption that has occurred because of unavoidable technical 
reasons. Thank you very much for joining. 
 
The Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of the South Indian Bank Limited. I'm joined here by 
my colleagues, Anto George T., Chief General Manager, HR and Operations; Mr. Senthil 
Kumar, Head of Credit; Mr. Vinod Francis, our CFO; and Mr. Jimmy Mathew, our Company 
Secretary, along with other senior executives. 
 
Let me start with the key highlights of financial performance for September quarter FY '25. 
There's some background noise. Can we put that on mute? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. 
P.R. Seshadri: 
Yes. Thank you. Let me start with the key highlights of the financial performance for the 
September quarter FY '25. The bank declared a net profit of INR325 crores for the quarter, 
registering a growth of 18% compared to INR275 crores in Q2 FY '24. 
 
Total deposits grew by 9% to INR105,451 crores. Gross advances grew by 13% to INR84,714 
crores. Total business of the bank grew by 10% to INR190,165 crores. Net interest margin for 
the quarter was 3.24%. The bank was able to show a healthy growth in average advances during 
the period, with the growth on a Y-o-Y basis of average advances being 14%. The bank returned 
-- excuse me, ma'am, we still have some disturbance on the line. 
Moderator: 
Sir, I'm getting it checked and I'll get back to you in a few minutes. 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
P.R. Seshadri: 
Okay. The bank declared a return on assets of 1.07% and a return on equity of 13.71% for the 
September quarter. Net interest income for the quarter was INR882 crores as against INR830 
crores during the same quarter last year. Capital adequacy ratio of the bank is at 18.04%, and 
Tier 1 ratio stands at 16.63%. 
 
CASA increased by 8% Y-o-Y to INR33,530 crores. Provision coverage ratio, excluding write-
off improved by 447 basis points year-on-year to reach 71.24%. And PCR, including write-off 
improved to 80.72%. 
 
Overall, gross NPA reduced by 56 basis points from 4.96% to 4.40%. Net NPA reduced by 39 
basis points from 1.7% to 1.31% on a Y-o-Y basis. So let me now take you through some other 
operational highlights. We continue to grow our gold loan business, which now stands at 
INR16,609 crores with an average LTV of 71.93%. This includes the LTV arising from 
portfolios that have been purchased by us with an average ticket of approximately 1.75 lakhs. 
The gold loan book has grown year-on-year at 11%. 
 
Home loans and auto loans are other areas of focus in the retail segment. On a Y-o-Y basis, we 
were able to achieve 206% growth in home loan disbursals and 79% growth in auto loan 
disbursed. The home loan book as of the end of September 2024 is INR7,072 crores and auto 
loan book is INR1,828 crores. We've launched a series of new systems by which we are able to 
do our business. This is to enable faster processing and enabling to enable our branches as well 
as our other staff to become more productive. 
 
These are listed in our investor presentation. But to name a few, we've launched a new system, 
which enables straight-through processing of auto loan applications called PowerDrive and 
another that enables easier processing of mortgage loan applications, or LAP applications, called 
LAP Power and both of these are now fully functional and live, and we are hoping that this will 
give us the requisite lift to increase our retail stroke MSME books. 
 
So with that, I would like to open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Ravindra, who is an individual 
investor. Please go ahead sir. 
Ravindra: 
Yes. So it's been a year, sir, you've assumed the office. And so the return ratios and the loan 
growth are exactly similar to what was 1 year before, right? And you have still not given the 
guidance for the future. So I just want to know like how it's going to look in October '26, 2 years 
from now? Yes, that's my first question. 
P.R. Seshadri: 
In the near term, sir, we have basically said that our returns would be in the neighbourhood of 
90 basis to 110 basis points. There will be some fluctuation. And as our strategy has been very 
clearly articulated that we have some advantages on cost of funds. 
 
So if you were to look at our cost of funds and compare it with our competitors, you'll find that 
our cost of funds are slightly lower than those of our competitors. So we want to keep that 
advantage, which means that we have to grow strategically our deposits at the rate at which our 
natural growth is occurring, which is about 10% a year. 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
And we want to grow our balance sheet on the asset side between 10% to 12% a year, but we 
want to change the mix. We want to get out of corporate and we want to get into retail and 
MSME, which is slightly higher-yielding assets. 
 
And in so doing, firstly, we want to get to NIMs of about 3.5%, and thereafter, in the longer 
term, get to about 4%. If we are able to achieve all of that, automatically, our return ratios will 
change and improve. 
 
So right now, the mix change is at a very, very early stage. And given the fact that we have a 
very large balance sheet and we've just started this process of transforming ourselves from where 
there was a preponderance of corporate assets to one where we want to have a more balanced 
structure, the process is going to take some time. 
 
So we are consolidating at this level currently. And I think over a 2-year period, our return on 
assets will get closer. I mean, if I may hazard a guess, we've not done this analysis. It's easy to 
do these kind of analysis on Excel, but when reality intervenes, it becomes a little bit more 
difficult. 
 
But from a point of view of having a go-to number, we would like to reach somewhere between 
140 and 150 basis points over the next 2-year period, that would be a good number to get to, but 
it does require a series of things to happen for us before those outcomes become possible. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohan Mandora from Equirus Securities. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Firstly, on the point of growing the SME book, which is a higher yielding book. So 2 questions 
here. If you look at last 2 quarters, we've been degrowing this book. So I just want to understand 
the challenges in this right now. And also, if you look at the slippages, it's closer to 4%. So what 
should be the normalized level that we should assume here? That's the first question. 
P.R. Seshadri: 
The challenge that we are having is that we are a single distribution channel entity. So we end 
up distributing almost all our products to our branches. And we -- what we are trying to do is to 
grow the number of distribution channels available. So at the beginning of the year, in April-
May, we had created something called the Emerging Corporates Group, which is basically a set 
of relationship managers who will take over this business and who will relationship manage it 
going forward and also act as salespeople for acquiring new customers. 
 
This is a new approach which gives us now 2 distribution channels, one acquiring from the 
branches and the second acquiring through these relationship managers. And given the fact that 
we are a 90-odd-year-old entity, it does take time for the sales architecture to fall in place and 
start producing results. And it is that, that we are driving at this point. 
 
In addition, we are also looking for alternate distribution channels to be established. And we 
think that as and when they do come on stream, we will start getting more throughput. The good 
news is that we are seeing significantly enhanced disbursals on this front. But given the fact that 
the balance sheet was large, it continues to reduce in size, unfortunately, over the last couple of 
quarters, but at progressively lower or slower levels and consequently, we are reasonably 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
confident that we will either, this quarter or the following quarter, be able to stanch this and start 
turning it around and growing again. 
 
So it's a long answer to your question, but we are growing our distribution network and channels. 
And we think with that we should be able to address this problem going forward. With respect 
to NPA. Majority of the NPAs that you are talking about is coming from the historical book, 
which is disclosed in our investor presentation. We've actually given you a breakup of where the 
NPA is coming from. And you will notice that the majority of the NPA is coming from the old 
book, the new book is behaving reasonably well. 
 
So given our new underwriting standards and new underwriting mechanisms, we believe that 
this is a reasonably safe bet for us to take, and we want to double down and grow this book. 
Thank you. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sure. Sir, secondly, on the home loan piece, the disbursements that have increased in the last 
few quarters, especially in the previous quarter. So if you can just touch upon how are you 
originating this? What is the average yield on this portfolio? And is there a DSA pay outcome 
structure that we are referring to? Or it is again a branch-driven origination that is happening on 
home loans? 
 
And associated with this is LAP. So another bank, SouthWest Bank has also reported good 
growth in LAP portfolio. So where is the demand coming in, which are the sectors which are 
driving the demand in LAP? 
P.R. Seshadri: 
Okay. So let me answer the second question first. With respect to LAP, we haven't had that much 
success in this quarter. So we've got a new system. We've got a new process. We can sell it and 
we can process it much better than we could in the past. But the system came live only in 
September. So we haven't had much time to use it and get significant sales. So I guess, where 
the demand is coming from and where we are finding those customers is a question that I'll be 
able to answer better during the next call. 
 
With respect to housing loans, we have a breakup, 75% of our loans by value actually come from 
our branches, are originated from our branches where we are not paying any commissions. 25% 
are originated by DSA/builders where there may be a commission that is due. At this juncture, 
the economics of this works reasonably well for us. I do not have the exact yield on this book, 
but we'll try and figure out if we are in a position to give that to you subsequently. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jai Mundhra from ICICI Securities. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Sir, I just wanted to check on other income, right? So last 2 quarters, I mean, this line item has 
helped us in overall revenue, while the loan growth has been a little bit of muted. If you can 
throw some light, apart from the treasury, we can see some core fee growth also possible, I mean, 
also strong. 
 
In the TV interview, I think you had mentioned that part of that is because of the penal interest 
getting booked here. So I wanted to check, sir, what are the 2, 3 key components here and about 
the sustainability of this line item? 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
P.R. Seshadri: 
So out of the total other noninterest income, which amounted to about INR449 crores, which is 
a 26% growth from prior year and it is a 6% growth quarter-on-quarter. So when you look at it 
sequentially, there isn't that much growth. But when you look at it on a year-on-year basis, there 
is a substantial growth. And if you were to compare it on a year-on-year basis, the big change -
- there is -- of course, on the treasury side, there's quite a substantial pickup, which is very, very 
helpful because last quarter was very propitious both on the fixed income as well as on the equity 
side and we took full advantage of it. Obviously, treasury income is volatile and nobody can 
guarantee that it will happen every quarter. 
 
But having said that, we feel pretty good about it. So treasury is a large area of growth. The other 
is that there is this reclassification of certain interest income that used to come in the net interest 
income line, which has got reclassed and as -- from a penal interest, it's got reclassed to a penal 
charge. 
 
It may or may not correspond exactly to what it was there in the past, but it is a shift from one 
line to another. This is the first quarter where there is any meaningful accrual on that front. And 
we think that income is likely to continue, I mean, in the sense that it is likely to be repeatable, 
and it is not likely to shrink or change very violently as we go forward. 
 
The other area that we've got increased earnings is on sales of third-party products where there 
was a certain amount of renegotiation of the rates plus a little bit more focus on selling them, 
which yielded reasonable returns. So from our point of view, if you were to look at the 
noninterest income lines, we think that aside for treasury, which is roughly 1/4 of our total 
income that is disclosed here; aside for this, the rest, there may be some movements, but it's not 
going to be very large fluctuations. 
 
I think there are -- those are repeatable largely, but the treasury line is the area where we think 
that there will be -- there could be significant movements depending upon the environment that 
we are operating in. I trust that answers your question, Jai. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Suraj Das from Sundaram Mutual Fund. 
Suraj Das: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, a couple of questions. What could be the residual 
tenure of the old loan book? And this INR20,000 crores roughly would be SME and corporate 
only? 
P.R. Seshadri: 
We have a -- I think a reasonable chunk of it is overdraft. It's hard to hard to estimate a tenure 
for those. But -- and I'm not -- I don't have the exact breakup of the old residual tenure wise 
breakup, but we can give it to you offline. At this juncture, it's not readily available. 
Suraj Das: 
Sure. Understood, sir. And what would be the net NPA on this old book or let us say, what is 
the provision that you have on this old loan book? 
P.R. Seshadri: 
The -- we are holding -- as you know, the net NPA on an aggregated basis is at 131 basis points. 
So the net NPA on this book will also be if anything, slightly higher than that. So net NPA on 
this old book is -- we'll recompute and give it to you at this point because on the total book is 
1.31% and on the new book, GNPA is at 40 basis points. So the old book will be slightly higher 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
what the higher number is. We don't have the net NPA number right here, but it can be 
recomputed because the –GNPA in the new book is at 40 basis points. So I think if we do a little 
bit of math, we should be able to get. The net NPA, the old book, I'm sorry, is about 5%. 
Suraj Das: 
Okay. Understood. And sir, one, I mean, related question that in terms of if the old loan book is 
purely -- I mean, largely overdraft, then what we are seeing is that over a period of time, the 
GNPA levels in the old book is continually increasing and it is something like 16%, 16% or 17% 
as of now. I mean, when do we see that this kind of slippages from the old loan book 
normalizing? What is your expectation? 
P.R. Seshadri: 
See, the way I think that we need to look at it is on an aggregated basis, the old book is with us. 
And we have to live with it, and we have to go forward. On an aggregated basis, our total slippage 
is about -- for last quarter was 36 basis points, which is not annualized. 
 
I mean this was slippage for that particular period. And slippage on a new book is very limited. 
So I think the near-term view should be that the slippage will remain plus or minus at this level 
for the near term. As the old book winds down, the slippages will improve as long as the new 
book continues to perform and holds out the way it is currently performing. 
 
So the details are available. I mean we can do a lot of analysis on how this thing is going to wind 
down and how this thing is going to move forward. But I think it's a little bit more useful for you 
as well to know that our slippages will remain in the same region or at least that's our expectation. 
And as the wind down happens, our slippages will start coming down and come. 
 
As it is, I think our slippage rates are reasonably good compared to our competitors. I think over 
time, if our new book continues to behave that the way it is currently doing, we will then become 
one of the better portfolios on the street. 
Suraj Das: 
Sure, sir. Got it. And one last question. In terms of yield, what could be the, sir, blended yield 
on the disbursement? And now since you are looking to focus more on SME and then probably 
you are launching products and all that thing. So is there any scope for further improvement on 
that front, the blended yield on disbursement? 
P.R. Seshadri: 
Can we give you those numbers... 
Suraj Das: 
Sure, sir. Okay. Sure. 
P.R. Seshadri: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Vivek Jain from Chanakya Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sir, there is no response, we'll move on to the next question. The next question is from the line 
of Rohan Mandora from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead sir. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sir, this is with regards to the old book explanation that you had given to a previous participant. 
So sir, my understanding was that when a loan is renewed, especially in cases of OD kind of a 
thing and once that renewal proposal has been appraised, the loans were moving to the new 
book. 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
 
So since we have been maintaining this classification, a lot of overdraft book, which would have 
been good performance would have moved to new book. Would that understanding be correct? 
And so what is remaining here is after renewal also we find -- and these are potential stress 
accounts, and that's where we are not moving into a new book. So how should one understand 
this? 
P.R. Seshadri: 
My understanding is that whenever we change the product category, so supposing it was an 
overdraft and we changed it to term facility or we change it to a drop line OD or something of 
that kind and when the product category changes, then the loan moves to the new book or when 
there is an enhancement, supposing we had given somebody INR1 crore and we now make it 
INR1.5 crores, then the loan moves to the new book. 
 
Mere renewal does not change the loan from one to another. So wherever only renewals are 
happening and there is no incremental exposure being taken on the overdraft, it continues to 
remain in the old book. It may be a performing asset in the old book. So the other point to note 
is our total SMA 2 now is at INR490 crores, which is about 60 basis points, which includes both 
the old and the new book, and therefore, whatever is going to slip is per force will have to be 
either SMA 1 or SMA 2 at this point in time and SMA 2 has been trending down nicely. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sure, sir. Sure. And just any guidance on the yields for second half and other cost of funds? 
P.R. Seshadri: 
Our cost of deposits improved by 5 basis points from Q1 to Q2. See, strategically, we'd like to 
keep our cost of deposits as an advantage at 535 basis points. I think we have in our peer group, 
one of the better cost of deposits. See, it depends on how the market is moving. Currently, the 
rates being offered by our competitors are still significantly higher than what they were in the 
past. And if we see that our flows at the current rates that we are offering slowdown, then we 
may be forced to offer slightly higher rates. 
 
So my view is that there may be a pickup in our cost of funds as we move into the next quarter, 
if the environment does not materially alter very soon. But the net impact on our P&L or on the 
entire balance sheet will be maybe 5, maybe 7 basis points even if we do increase it. And you 
know it depends on how the environment looks. Right now, the bias is that there may be some 
increase from where we are today. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sure. And on yields? Last quarter, you had guided that there will be an improvement in yields 
in 2Q, but we've actually seen a decline, so I just want to know the differences? Yes. 
P.R. Seshadri: 
No, I think it's a very good question. The decline in yields that you are seeing are on account of 
2 factors that we had not taken into account. One is, as I said, the reclassification of penal interest 
from one line to another, which has an impact on the NIM because the earnings then gets 
reclassed as other income as opposed to interest income. 
 
The other area where we do have something that we are still thinking through is that we had 
moved to putting our corporate balance sheet and linking our corporate balance sheet to treasury 
bills. And the reason why we did that was because we noticed that the correlation between our 
cost of funds and the external benchmark was highest with treasury bills and significantly lower 
than with REPO. 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
 
So that was a conscious choice. And once we made that choice, unfortunately, the view at that 
point in time was that REPO may change downwards, but REPO hasn't changed downwards and 
treasury bills have moved downward, and that has caused a part of our corporate book to get 
repriced downwards, and that's putting a little bit of squeeze on the aggregated yield on the 
portfolio. 
 
While the retail business has grown, the reason why our yields are holding at this level and not 
having -- not dropping further than this is because the proportion of retail and MSME assets has 
actually increased where the yield is higher. And as a consequence, the aggregated numbers are 
looking the way they are. So had the treasury bill movement not been so adverse for us, I think 
you would have seen the increase in yields that I was talking about. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sure, sir. And sir, lastly, if you can quantify the impact of this penal interest on other income 
and interest income? 
P.R. Seshadri: 
Penal interest as a proportion of interest income is roughly about INR20 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harshit Toshniwal from Premji Invest. 
Harshit Toshniwal: 
Sir, the question is that if you look at the old book and the new book of the INR20,000 crores 
and the balance of the new book, how much would be overlap in terms of the customers or 
basically the corporates to whom we have exposure if you can help that? And are there cases 
where for the same corporate we have different classifications? One is old book and the one is 
the new book. And what would that percentage be? And the second question, sir, if you can also 
help around the -- some kind of mix of the sector to which our corporate loan book cater to, it 
would be very helpful? 
P.R. Seshadri: 
Okay. Let me answer the second question first. The corporate loan book is -- we can give you 
the breakup separately. But the point that I want to leave you with is these are very high-quality 
corporates. We have a large exposure to government and quasi government in one form or 
another. 
 
We do have some exposure to NBFCs. But within the NBFC, again, it is state-owned or state-
controlled NBFCs form a reasonably large chunk of it. We will try and give you details as to 
where our exposures are for the corporate book as we come into the next investor presentation. 
But we have given you details, our large exposure framework, 99.6% of the large exposure 
framework which is loans above INR100 crores, which amount to almost INR21,000 crores out 
of the INR33,000 crores that we have in corporate is to the entities rated A and above. 
 
So this is a high-quality balance sheet. Approximately 2/3 of this large exposure is to AAA-rated 
entities. So the rest of the details, we'll try and provide the next time around when we are 
preparing the investor presentation. 
 
With respect to your first question, which is the degree of overlap between the new and the old, 
I think it's a very good question. I unfortunately don't have the details at this point in time. We 
will run -- we can -- if we can give you an answer subsequently that would be very helpful. 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Harshit Toshniwal: 
Got it. Sir, just if I may clear this part, so INR33,000 crores is the total corporate book, of which 
INR20,000 crores is the legacy book. 
P.R. Seshadri: 
No, no, no. INR20,000 crores is not just corporate. 
Harshit Toshniwal: 
Okay. It's including also. So within that, how much is the corporate, sir, the corporate part 
legacy? 
P.R. Seshadri: 
That's what, the breakup is not immediately available to me. I'll make it available offline to you. 
The large corporate, which is yes, so we'll give this to you offline, if that is okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Chinmay Nema from Prescient 
Capital. Please go ahead sir. 
Chinmay Nema: 
Two questions from my side. Firstly, regarding what you said that eventually, you would want 
to move out of the corporate segment and purely operate in the retail segment. Are we internally 
following some time line or a long-term sense around when we would want to stop operating in 
this segment? That's the first question. 
 
And secondly, if you could give some color on what is that improvement in cost to income over 
the last 2 quarters and the last year? And what is the steady-state number that we should look 
out? 
P.R. Seshadri: 
So allow me to correct myself, if I gave the impression that we are getting out of the corporate 
business, that's not what I intended. I apologize if I conveyed that by mistake. What we are 
saying is the proportion of the portfolio that we want to have in corporate, we want to reduce. 
 
Currently, we are at 40%. And I also walked an earlier question through the quality of the 
corporate book that we have. So we have a large exposure framework. Almost all of it is rated 
A and above. And therefore, the returns that we get on lending money to them are quite low. So 
in order to improve the NIM, and in order to improve return metrics for ourselves, what we are 
intending to do is have larger proportion of our balance sheet in MSME and retail. 
 
Retail, we are seeing the growth. MSME, so far, we are not seeing the growth. It is not that we 
are exiting corporate. That is not the intent at all. We've worked very hard to build decent 
corporate franchise. We've built relationships in the corporate world, which we want to continue. 
 
So we think that as our balance sheet grows, corporate will grow, but it will grow much smaller 
or much less than retail and MSME. And over time, we are hoping that we'll get to about 33% 
corporate and the rest being retail, commercial and agri that's the mix that we would like, and 
that's where we are working -- what we're working towards. And if we can achieve that over the 
next 2 years, we'd be very happy. 
 
With the second question, was very indistinct to me. I mean, were you asking about cost-to-
income ratio? Is that what you're asking? 
Chinmay Nema: 
Yes, sir. 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
P.R. Seshadri: 
So cost-to-income ratio, we've been highlighting the fact that we are a little bit of an outlier and 
that we have a higher cost-to-income ratio than many of our peers and that our aim was to ensure 
that we improve our operational metrics, start creating positive Jaws for ourselves, which is that 
we start creating an environment where our revenues are growing faster than expense so that our 
pre-provisioning operating profits can start growing. 
 
So I'm very happy to note that this quarter, we have revenue growth of 12% and expense growth 
of 8%, leading to a significant growth in pre-provisioning operating profit. So currently, our 
cost-to-income ratio is 58.7%. Our stated goal was to drop our cost-to-income ratio by about 
1,000 basis points over a 3-year period. So I think we are continuing with that objective. 
 
We don't know whether we'll get there or not, but we are going to give it a damn good shot. And 
to do so, we have ensured that we are managing our costs very, very tightly. As you can see, 
from Q1 to Q2, there is no change in cost effectively. And in Q1, all the costs associated with 
the IBA settlement, et cetera, had come into our balance sheet and P&L. And those are getting -
- are being carried through and by managing our staffing appropriately, we are keeping costs at 
the current levels. So if we can continue to grow our revenues and keep a tight lid on costs the 
way we are currently doing, we should be able to continue to keep cost-to-income trending 
downwards and that is the strategy for now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from BugleRock. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
My one question was, our corporate loan book has grown pretty decently in last 5 years and is 
currently 40% of the loan book. At one point of time, the aspiration was that we should be able 
to get more allied business from corporates, okay, like general financing, salary account, et 
cetera. How successful have we been in our endeavors to get allied business from the large 
corporate customers we have right now? 
P.R. Seshadri: 
I think we've had pretty mixed results, if I were to be honest with you, not as well we have been 
-- we've not been as successful as we would have liked to be. So that is one of the reasons why 
we want to grow other businesses because at the end of the day, we've ended up providing 
balance sheet without getting nonbalance sheet revenues. And this is something that we are 
continuing to work on, but the outcomes have not been as good as we'd like them to be. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And secondly, if we look at the loans less than INR5 crores, this is I'm talking about Slide 9, 
okay? So INR40,000 crores it has gone or increased to INR42,000 crores. And again, the mix is 
of personal category also, okay? We have added significant number of customers, okay? But 
loan book in SME segment is not growing. And one of the first products where we had changed 
our credit model and processes was the SME financing business, okay? 
 
So why is still so slow growth means -- and about our employees, are they able to get it. Some 
thoughts on that would be helpful. 
P.R. Seshadri: 
No, I think we are completely seized of the fact that the MSME book has not grown. You make 
a good point in that the first automated product that we rolled out was a GST loan system, which 
is end-to-end automated. And we have not -- unfortunately, we haven't seen the traction that we 
would like, and that's a fact. 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
 
Historically, our employees have believed more on service than on sales at the branch. So our 
customers love us. We are a nonthreatening bank. We don't try and sell you something or the 
other every time we call you. We genuinely try and provide solutions for you. 
 
But at the same time that kind of approach has resulted in lower than optimal sales for us, and 
we are aware of it, we are working on it. We now have a program of tracking the branches on 
sales. Average aggregated value addition from the branches still remain lower than where we 
would like them to be, but these are factors that we are aware of and working on. 
 
So I think this is a 96-year-old institution. It takes time for us to change behavior. I'd like to add 
that we have very high-quality people. They understand this business. We need to have a 
substantial shift in mindset that we are working on. And once that happens, aggregated delivery 
out of the branches will improve. 
 
Meanwhile, we are also trying to create new distribution architectures that will enable us to 
originate these loans without the branches being involved. And those are work in process, and 
we are hoping that, that will also prove to be another channel through which this business comes 
in. 
 
But if you can see the financial parameters have started moving. You can see that our balance 
sheet structure has started changing. It's on the MSME side, there hasn't been as much traction 
as we have liked. But we -- on the retail side, that traction is visible and demonstrated in the 
investor deck. 
 
But this is something that we are looking forward to talking about as we go into Q3. Hopefully, 
then we'll have a different set of numbers, which will give you some amount of confidence that 
the dream of growing MSME in this organization can actually be met. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
One question. When we started on this journey, one of the thoughts was that our employees 
should be on the business loans when they are giving, they should have a good understanding of 
a risk-adjusted return and the underwriting based on this risk-adjusted returns and how much 
return should be earned. So that sanitization process what we started, has it been -- is it still being 
followed and acceptance level has it increased quite materially or there is still acceptance is 
going to take more time? 
P.R. Seshadri: 
No, I think there has been a substantial change in the way we are doing stuff. Our processes are 
much simplified. The total number of aggregated loans that we are booking today are 
significantly more than what we used to book about a year ago. 
 
The branch staff, especially the branch managers have all been retrained. Not all, during this 
year, we are hoping that all 955 of them will go through a MSME training program, which is a 
5-day residential program that we are running, where they will get indoctrinated on our 
principles, our policies and also gain system knowledge, etcetera, etcetera, so that they become 
more competent to answer questions that customer may have. 
 
Just give me one minute, we have a lot of noise here, which we are trying to find a solution for. 
So we are working on retraining our staff. Exactly when that will start resulting in very 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
significant uptick in performance at the branch level is something that I find a little hard to 
answer at this point in time, and we are trying to insulate ourselves from that by creating alternate 
distribution channels. You must be cognizant of the fact that we have another challenge in that 
we do have higher cost-to-income ratios than many of our competitors. 
 
And therefore, the leeway that we have in terms of building alternate distribution architectures 
is a little less because that has an implication on cost. So we are trying to do a fine balancing act 
so that we get the right outcomes for the institution and for the shareholders, while at the same 
time, creating optionality for the future. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
No, I agree to it. See, on these employees and the cost to income, if you look at our peers, small 
banks, okay, and where we are operating, the employees per branch is 9 to 10 and similar to us, 
okay? But their book is much more granular, okay? And has a higher component of the SME 
segment. So can we expect if once the segment starts improving, our cost-to-income ratios will 
start moving down and more... 
P.R. Seshadri: 
The short answer is yes. Yes. As retail and MSME becomes a larger proportion of our balance 
sheet, revenues will rise because our NIMs will increase. You must give us a little bit of credit, 
our cost of funding is, I think, the lowest amongst our peer group. So we've done a very good 
job of keeping costs low. The disadvantage that we have is that we have a very large corporate 
book relative to -- as a smaller bank, we -- one would normally expect us to have more MSME 
and retail. 
 
So had we had that our NIMs would have been significantly higher, and that would have aided 
in profitability for us. So as MSME starts growing -- retail has already started growing. As 
MSME starts growing and retail continues to grow, the balance sheet structure shifts. Our 
spreads on our corporate book will probably be 200, 250 basis points at best against the cost of 
funding that we are disclosing in the investor presentation. 
 
Whereas, on the retail and on the MSME side, it will be closer to 400 basis points. That's the 
difference. And that's the type of shift that you can get, if you can move from wholesale into 
retail. And that's what we are hoping to drive. Historically, the bank has had a propensity to do 
loans which are larger in size because when you do a larger loan, the earnings are higher. 
 
It takes the same amount of effort as doing a smaller loan, so there is a bias for size, which we 
are trying to correct. Now this is an evolutionary process. It will take time. It's not going to 
happen overnight. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arvind Datta from Marigold Wealth. 
Arvind Datta: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My question is what are the top 3 products in retail 
or consumer loans that you would be focusing on for the next 1 to 2 years to grow our consumer 
loan business? Second question is on home loans and LAP. Like are these fresh loans that you 
are generating from the market or these are buyouts or these being sold to the existing clients? 
And on the third question is that what is the cross-sell opportunity available to you from your 
existing customer base? 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
P.R. Seshadri: 
Allow me to take number 3 first. As I said, 75% of these loans on the housing loan side are 
coming from our branches. And I expect a very large proportion of those are to our existing 
clients. So that is cross-sell to perhaps a liability customer or maybe he's a liability plus asset 
customer already. So a good proportion of our sales are coming as cross-sell. 
 
On the home loan side, we track it actively. 75% of our home loans are coming from the branches 
and that is cross-sell. It could be both, a takeover of an existing loan that was there somewhere 
else or it could be a new purchase. The breakdown is not entire -- is not immediately available 
with me, but we can provide those numbers to you subsequently. 
 
Let me go to the first question that you asked, top 3 products. On the retail side, our product, we 
want to build a high-quality book that has low volatility. So housing loan is a place that we have 
started with and this is owner-occupied end user type of housing loans that we want to do largely. 
The full product set is available with us, but that's the product that we want to focus on and get 
some traction on. 
 
We understand that this is a low-margin business. We also understand that it will create some 
form of what is called basis risk for us as an institution because these are all external benchmark 
linked and largely linked to REPO, which, as I said, is a measure which has very limited 
correlation with our cost of money. 
 
But having said that, it has underlying characteristics, which are attractive from a risk-reward 
perspective and also from a capital requirement perspective. So home loan is 1 product. The 
second product is loan against property. We are not participants in this space. So our total 
portfolio today is a little north of INR3,000 crores. For a bank, which has an INR80,000-odd 
crores book, we are underrepresented in this space. So we want our reasonable share of this. 
 
Maybe it is INR8,000 crores, maybe INR10,000 crores. So we want to grow that because there 
is, in our estimation, approximately 400 to 425 basis points of spread to be had in that particular 
product. The third product is a mix of personal loan to cards. Our current unsecured exposure as 
a proportion of our total -- retail unsecured exposure as a proportion of our total exposure is 
about 5%. 
 
We want to judiciously grow that ensuring that a majority of the P&L remains with us. So we 
are working on a whole set of new systems and processes to make that happen. So I trust that, 
that answers your question. There was a middle question which I seem to have forgotten. So if 
you could remind me what it is, then I can answer that. 
Arvind Datta: 
No, I think you answered all my questions. Thank you, and best wishes for the next quarter. 
P.R. Seshadri: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saikiran, who is an individual investor. 
Saikiran: 
Sir, just 1 observation is that you have consistently seen the reversal of provisions on the 
restructured advances in FITL. And at the same time, we are also seeing some reduction on the 
restructured assets in absolute rupee crores. So can you just please explain is there any 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
relationship there? And also how do you see the restructured advance of INR475 crores running 
down? If you can help us explain. 
P.R. Seshadri: 
So restructured advances, as you know, sir, are advances that are at some level weaker advances 
than normal advances. So my own experience 30-odd years in the banking world is an asset that 
is restructured has a reasonably high chance of turning into an NPA over time. 
 
The good news for us as an institution is that our total restructured advance today has come very 
low. I mean it's a little north of INR400 crores from where it used to be. And so if you look at 
our stressed book, which is basically restructured assets plus security receipts that we may be 
holding plus the unprovided NPA that we may be holding, the net NPA number, everything put 
together today is in the neighbourhood of INR1,500 crores, INR1,600 crores. 
 
And when you compare that to our total capital, which is north of INR9,000 crores, our total 
stressed book as a proportion of NPA is at, I would think, one of its lowest levels in recent times 
or maybe even longer than that. I mean, we've looked at it for the last 3 or 4 years, and we know 
that we are at a very, very low number. 
 
And we also know that we are in reasonable shape from a capital/risk perspective. Now what is 
going to happen to this INR400-plus crores that we have in restructured assets? I think a portion 
of them will continue to perform and there will be a portion that will become NPA as time 
progresses. Some of them, when they meet the RBI guidelines will get reclassed as regular assets 
if they perform long enough, but a reasonable proportion will become NPA, and as a 
consequence, will fall off, and you will see this number continue to drop. I trust that answers 
your question, Mr. Sai Kiran. 
Moderator: 
We will take the last question from the line of Jai Mundhra from ICICI Securities. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Yes, sir. And lastly, I wanted to check, sir, this quarter, we have seen a change in the growth 
constituent, right? So we have taken IBPC and we have not grown corporate. Would it be fair to 
say that now we have come to a stage where you don't want to grow corporate from, let's say, 
this quarter onwards and incremental growth as we have always said that it will be retail MSME. 
Have we reached that stage? And what is the total growth came -- I mean, what is the total 
number or quantum of IBPC, if one were to see what is the growth without the IBPC, yes? 
P.R. Seshadri: 
So Jai, the IBPCs have been around in the balance sheet for some time. We've cycled out of 
IBPCs that had corporate assets and got IBPCs which have retail/MSME type of assets. So the 
growth that we are seeing is real growth. It's not driven by IBPC. 
 
So this balance sheet is largely immune to that. The reason why we've specifically mentioned 
the IBPC is because we have given numbers on the retail side, and we are saying that these 
numbers are growing and therefore, we had to actually give you the numbers and explain why 
it's growing so much so dramatically by saying that it is IBPC. 
 
To the first part of your question, is that you're saying, "Hey, are you going to stop growing 
corporate?" No, I mean, we are not stopping the growth of corporate. If our balance sheet were 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
to grow by another INR10,000 crores, we want corporate to go another INR3,000 crores. I want 
-- we want to have the corporate proportion to drop over time to 33%. 
 
So we are not binding ourselves saying that corporate will not grow going forward. It will grow 
much slower than the rest. So over time, we are hoping that corporate as a proportion of total 
balance sheet will shrink to 33% and again, replaced by retail and MSME. 
 
Right now, we have traction in retail. We unfortunately don't have traction in MSME, and we 
still have some work to do there. Once both are firing, then I think we'll have a little bit more 
wiggle room to act the way you mentioned that is we will not -- we will be much, much more 
choosy on which corporate assets to take. But right now, we don't have that luxury, 
unfortunately. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right. No, understood, sir. And just a small clarification. Have we -- are we done linking the 
corporate book to T-bills? So in case there is a REPO rate cut, we will be more influenced by 
that what happens to T-bills, right? Less to do with REPO. Is that transition over? I mean, is that 
the linking mostly over? Or would it be like done in, let's say, 1, 2 months? 
P.R. Seshadri: 
No, about 6 months ago, we took the decision that all new corporate assets we link to T-bill 
because we were worried about what will happen is REPO were to be cut. And we wanted the 
basis to be something which we had a little bit more visibility on. We have not changed that 
policy. 
 
So we continue to be on T-bill. Unfortunately, the loans that we gave 6 months ago that bet has 
gone against us in the sense that while REPO hasn't moved, T-bill has moved, right? So we are 
-- but today, we haven't changed our stance. All these corporate loans have to be benchmarked 
to an external benchmark, and we are using REPO I'm sorry, using T-bill. 
 
But -- and we are trying to contain the proportion of our portfolio that is REPO linked because 
of obvious reasons. But having said that -- yes, go ahead. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Sir, if you have the number, let's say, loan book, how much is linked to REPO, how much is 
EBLR and how much is MCLR. I think that can make things easier if you have that bifurcation 
handy? 
P.R. Seshadri: 
Yes, we can give you those numbers. Approximately 30% of our book is REPO linked. So let 
me just -- give me a minute, I'll give you the numbers. Yes, approximately -- yes, REPO-linked 
is about 1/3 of our book is REPO-linked. T-bill-linked is about 20%, approximately. I'm giving 
you approximate numbers. MCLR is about 10%, and fixed rate is about 1/3 of the book. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Yes, we have reached the end of the conference call. Thank you so much for giving us the 
opportunity to host the call. If you want to make any ending comments, sir. 
P.R. Seshadri: 
Thank you very much, Jai, and thank you for hosting the call. We really appreciate it. From our 
point of view, we think that we've had a reasonable quarter. We have set ourselves a very 
demanding agenda. We want to actually change the way the bank has operated, changed the 
asset mix, change culture so that sales as an activity becomes central to our branches, et cetera. 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
 
These changes are not effected overnight. These have to be worked on, and there is an action 
plan. We are trying to engage not just the management staff, but also every individual within the 
company and impress upon them the need to have a change in mindset. We are making progress. 
I think the financial results that you've seen for this quarter are demonstrative of the fact that the 
serious work has taken place. 
 
We are reasonably confident that we can continue with this. I think from a technology 
perspective, there is enormous quantum of work that has taken place. We now have a Strategic 
Initiatives Unit that is working to build system-to-system connections with third parties that we 
can leverage, which means that there's a lot of work that has happened to: a, make our branches 
more efficient; b, to derisk ourselves from the branches and have alternate systems through 
which business can be done. 
 
All of this put together makes us reasonably confident that the progress that you see today can 
continue. Obviously, the proof of the pudding is in the eating and when we meet here the next 
quarter we should be in a position to demonstrate that some of the things that we are talking 
about are happening. And I look forward to meeting again 3 months from now, and hopefully, 
we have equally good news, if not better. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.  
