 
 
 
Building No. 8, 2nd Floor, Tower A 
DLF Cyber City, Phase II 
Gurugram – 122002, Haryana 
 
Tel.: +91.124 .4545300 
CIN : L749999DL1991PLC042749 
 
Website: www.icra.in 
Email: info@icraindia.com     
Helpdesk: +91 9354738909 
Registered Office: B-710, Statesman House, 148, Barakhamba Road, New Delhi 110001.            Tel. :+91.11.23357940 
R A T I N G 
 
R E S E A R C H 
 
I N F O R M A T I O N 
 
 
  
 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
November 1, 2024 
  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001, India 
Scrip Code: 532835 
 
 
  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400 051, India 
Symbol: ICRA 
  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of “Q2 & H1 FY25 
Results” earnings call held on October 28, 2024.  
 
We have uploaded the transcript on our website and the same can be accessed through the below URL: 
  
https://www.icra.in/InvestorRelation/Index  
 
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
Regards, 
 
Sincerely, 
 
 
 
(S. Shakeb Rahman) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
SYED SHAKEB 
RAHMAN
Digitally signed by 
SYED SHAKEB RAHMAN 
Date: 2024.11.01 
15:09:29 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“ICRA Limited 
Q2 H1 FY‘25 Investor and Analyst Conference Call” 
October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAMNATH KRISHNAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ICRA LIMITED 
 
MR. VENKATESH VISWANATHAN – GROUP CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – ICRA LIMITED 
 
MR. L. SHIVAKUMAR – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT - 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT & CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER 
– ICRA LIMITED AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - 
ICRA ESG RATINGS LIMITED 
 
MR. K. RAVICHANDRAN – EXECUTIVE VICE 
PRESIDENT & CHIEF RATING OFFICER – ICRA 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SHUBHAM JAIN – GROUP CHIEF STRATEGY 
OFFICER – ICRA LIMITED 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the ICRA Limited Half-Yearly FY 2025 
Investor and Analyst Conference Call hosted by ICRA. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference call is being recorded. Joining us today from the management 
side, we have Mr. Ramnath Krishnan, Managing Director and Group CEO, ICRA Limited; Mr. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan, Group Chief Financial Officer; Mr. L. Shivakumar, EVP, Business 
Development and Chief Business Officer, ICRA Limited, and CEO, ICRA ESG Ratings ; Mr. 
K. Ravichandran, Executive Vice President and Chief Rating Officer; and Mr. Shubham Jain, 
Group Chief Strategy Officer, to discuss the performance of the company, followed by a Q&A 
session. Mr. Jayanta Chatterjee, MD and CEO of ICRA Analytics Limited, is unable to attend 
today's call due to personal exigencies. Before we begin today's conference call, I would like to 
remind you that some of the statements made in today's conference call may be forward-looking 
in nature and may involve some risk and uncertainties. 
 
Please refer to slide number 17 of Investor Presentation for detailed disclaimer. ICRA or any of 
its subsidiaries or the Directors, officers, or employees of ICRA or its subsidiaries shall have no 
liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from any forward-looking statement or use 
of the Investor Presentation or its contents or otherwise arising in connection with this 
conference call. 
 
Now, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Ramnath Krishnan, Managing Director, and Group 
CEO, ICRA, to commence the proceedings. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Thank you, operator and good afternoon, everyone. Very warm welcome to ICRA's second 
quarter and first half FY 2025 Investor and Analyst Connect. Let me provide you with broad 
highlights for financial performance. 
 
I am pleased to share that ICRA has achieved excellent results in the second quarter FY 2025. 
The group recorded a top-line growth of 20.2% with the ratings delivering remarkable year-on-
growth of 24.1% and research and analytics seeing a year-on-year rise of 15.2%. Despite making 
substantial investments in people, technology, and infrastructure, we achieved a significant PBT 
growth of 20.5% in this quarter. 
 
In the first half of the year, the ratings business delivered an impressive growth of 16.6% year-
on-year, whereas research and analytics recorded a rise of 15.6% year-on-year. Our top-line 
overall increased by 16% year-on-year, leading to a PBT growth of 7.4%. Coming to the 
environment presently, the bond issuances recorded robust growth in the second quarter of this 
financial year, although the overall first-half growth was moderate at 5%. 
 
Meanwhile, securitization activity picked up pace driven by NBFC's need for diverse funding 
and banks using securitization to address their high credit deposit ratio and ALM challenges. 
We also announced our first ESG rating during the quarter and remain very excited for 

ICRA Limited 
October 28, 2024 
Page 3 of 15 
opportunities in this space. In research and analytics, we saw demand for risk management 
products and customized research. 
D2K acquisition, which we did towards the end of last calendar year, strengthened our risk 
offerings to clients, and we see a fair amount of client interest in both D2K and ICRA's risk 
products and solutions. Our deep process expertise, domain knowledge, and proven track record, 
continue to drive steady progress. Coming to the near-term outlook, we estimate India's GDP 
growth to print at 7%t in financial year 2025 amid downside risks owing to a significant increase 
in global commodity and crude prices on the back of an escalation in geopolitical tensions in the 
region. 
In risk and analytics, we see continuing traction in areas such as Model Risk and Governance, 
EWS, Expected Credit Loss, Climate Risk, etc. Growing regulatory emphasis on automating 
credit lifecycle, along with model governance and validation for banks and NBFCs, they're all 
creating expanded opportunities. Strategic partnerships and a strong focus on digitization and 
AI-driven automation will continue to play a key role in business growth. 
I take this opportunity to wish everyone a very happy Diwali and a prosperous New Year in 
advance. Thank you very much. Over to you, Operator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We'll take our first 
question from the line of Rishabh Gang from Sancheti Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Rishabh Gang: 
Hello, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Am I audible? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Yes. 
Rishabh Gang: 
Yes. So my question is more on the research side and the consulting side of the business. So, I 
would like to get insights on what is our outlook, what is the possible market size that you think 
for these two domains and our strategy for the industry research business and strategy consulting 
projects, right? Like Market entry strategy, growth strategy, commercial due diligence. 
What do we think about these businesses? Because being a rating agency, I think you have all 
the knowledge in-house at both secondary research as well as primary research sources. And 
prima facie, it seems that you would be better equipped to handle such assignments than maybe 
normal consulting firms such as Boutique Consulting Firms or Big 4's. So, what is our strategy 
on this sir? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
See, as far as the non-rating side of the business is concerned, which is risk and analytics space 
our focus will be product and advisory led not so much actually consulting. The product that we 
will be concentrating on will be products which are linked or allied to risk management, which 
is where our, expertise lies. And our acquisition, that we made towards the end of last year was 
also synergistic with that strategy. 
Customized research, which is a business that we commenced fairly recently. Again, that's an 
area where we have expertise and is housed in our subsidiary ICRA analytics. 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
So, the advisory piece that we have been working on will continue essentially on risk areas, such 
as ESG advisory and, such related, areas. And that is where our focus will remain. These are the 
areas that we will continue to grow in. 
Rishabh Gang: 
All right. so, on the knowledge services side, I just wanted to understand how much percentage 
of the knowledge services revenue is export revenue or billed to global clients? And maybe some 
outlook on that. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
All of it is export. From an outlook perspective, we don't give any specific guidance or outlook 
on how the numbers will pan out. But just to, give you a sense , most of our business, including 
ratings and also research and analytics, if you're looking from a trending perspective, a six-
month trend, which is already available, should give you a fair amount of indication on where 
the business trend.  
Rishabh Gang: 
Like-to-like growth will be there. All right. just last question on this side. Further, what are the 
kind of restrictions, right, we have while cross-selling services to our client? What we can and 
cannot sell to the rating clients and what we can and cannot sell to non-rating clients? Just a bit 
on that front. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
The two businesses are hosted in separate legal entities. So we have a separate team, which does 
our rating services and a separate team which has its own board, governance which manages the 
analytical services, which is the research and analytics. From a service perspective, obviously, 
ratings can be done only from ICRA ratings and the non-ratings, which, which covers the entire 
gamut of research and analytics, can be done from other legal entity . 
 
If you are asking me whether there is any specific services which we cannot do for a particular 
client, I don't think so there's any restriction.  
Ramnath Krishnan: 
The only other point that I will add is the restriction is primarily on the rating side of the business, 
sharing any information with any of the other group entities, which are proprietary or for that 
matter, related to the rating assignment. Any confidential information shared by the client with 
us, with a view to helping us in assigning, a rating, that information cannot be shared. But sharing 
aggregate, portfolio level data, anything related to sector trends and so on and so forth, which 
camouflage the identity of a specific client, there is no restriction on that at all. 
Rishabh Gang: 
All right. If I can add just one small question, what is our outlook of entering into geographies 
outside India for rating business? And for geographies where, Moody's is already present, like, 
is there any rule that you cannot enter? A bit on that front. Last question on this. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
I don't believe there are any regulatory restrictions. As we did have a subsidiary in Lanka till 
very recently, which we have, which business we have wound up. We have presently an 
operation in Nepal. We did have one in Indonesia some years ago, which again, we are no longer 
involved in. So, there are no restrictions, per se, in terms of any Indian rating agency getting into 
a geography outside of the country. Obviously, that will be subject to the local regulations, 
whatever that might be. But, yes so I hope I've answered your question. 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Rishabh Gang: 
No, but let's say there's a geography in which you are interested in and Moody's is already present 
there, then in such case, what happens? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
You see, I can only answer your question differently. At the moment, our focus, as far as ratings 
is concerned, is going to be primarily, in India. 
L Shivakumar: 
If I may just add, see, wherever else we are present, which is Nepal right now, and as Ram 
mentioned earlier in Lanka and Indonesia, we were and we are assigning ratings on domestic 
scale. Moody's assigns ratings on the global scale. So, there is no conflict between ICRA and 
Moody's. Wherever we decide to work in a particular geography outside of India, it will be not 
only subject to the regulations there, we'll obviously, evaluate that and then we take a call. That's 
the way it works. 
Rishabh Gang: 
 
Thank you so much for the wonderful insights. Thank you. Bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Rajiv Mehta from YES Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Yes. Hi. Good evening. Congrats on strong performance. Sir, in terms of domestic ratings, strong 
growth in H1 of 17%, I believe Mr. Venkatesh has indicated that the recent momentum can be 
somewhat, extrapolated, as a growth outcome for the next 6-12 months. Would that be right to 
assume like that? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Actually, Rajiv, what I said was we don't give a guidance. The H1 numbers are up and you take 
more than three months rather than taking a quarter. Go for a longer tenure, six or nine months. 
It can give you a sense on directionally how it is going. But having said that, again, it cannot be 
without caveat.  
So just want to be clear that I didn't say that H2 will be equal to H1. It will give you a fair 
indication for your analysis and modeling. 
Rajiv Mehta:  
But would it be right to understand that we have certain strengths in bond ratings, financial sector 
ratings, and infrastructure ratings, and if these segments of business want to pick up because of 
conducive macro, then we can do well in terms of, maintaining the growth rates in the future? 
L Shivakumar: 
Yes, you are right that, we have a fairly strong position in the bond issuances segment, the ratings 
of bond issuances. And if you look at H2, one of the trends which is evolving is that banks are, 
in fact, struggling to get deposits. So to that extent, the bank's ability to, grow credit would 
perhaps face some headwinds, which is a positive for the bond issuances. We have seen bond 
issuances pick up very well in Q2. We do expect that H2 bond issuances will be quite good. It 
also is a function of many factors, including how the economy grows, the governments spend 
on infrastructure, a pickup in rural consumption since we have had good monsoons. So, there 
are several drivers, but one can say that there are tailwinds for bond issuances in the coming 
second half. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
So, if, I mean, so if you were to kind of, sustain the growth rates somewhere near there, what 
happens to the margin flow through? I mean, in Q2 we had a very strong growth and I believe 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Q2 had some pushover volumes from Q1, but the margin expansion was not, as strong as the 
revenue growth. Now, incrementally, if you were to sustain growth, at a very healthy pace, how 
would the margins behave? And if you can elaborate on factors like operating leverage, 
segmental mix, and also our pricing approach, I mean, and what kind of margins that we aspire, 
maybe in the longer run. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
You see, as far as the, there are two parts to this, right? And you have the ratings business and 
the non-ratings business. In the ratings business, our focus has been on the improvement of 
margins for some time now, and then we have been fairly consistent in delivering what we have 
internally, determined for ourselves in terms of the benchmarks. 
 
And that trajectory, we expect, will continue, and that is essentially delivered through process 
improvements, process engineering, re-engineering, and with technology. The other part of it is 
the non-ratings business. Non-ratings business, as we expand the domestic risk management, 
business from where it is, today, there will be some change, in the margins because the 
knowledge services business, in comparison to the domestic risk management business, is a 
much higher margin business. 
 
So in the proportion of the risk management, the domestic risk management business, when that 
actually increases, the margins, obviously, will change. So, at an aggregate level, while the 
margins will continue to improve, but there will be a difference between the improvement with 
the expansion that we might see in the ratings business and the expansion in percentage terms 
that we might see in the non-ratings business. But that said, in absolute terms, I mean, we expect 
the margins to keep improving, quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Clear, sir. And just last question on knowledge services business. I mean, so we have been 
highlighting over the last three quarters about automation, efficiency in sourcing. So is there a 
risk to the base business? So, so far as I can understand, the base business, we've been able to 
manage the revenue line steady and hold. Is there a risk to even that level when you speak about 
these trends? 
 
And then what is the way out if you want to grow from the current levels of revenue? Is there a 
way out in terms of within Moody's or maybe working with, trying, tapping opportunities outside 
of Moody as well in this business? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Rajiv, I will take this question. One is, see, the base business, comprises of a lot of FTEs. And 
here there is a mix. You have a lot of work going on in multiple areas. So when we have said 
there's a risk or, automation risk and efficiency, we are talking about a general risk that is 
applicable to the industry. Now, what essentially the way this industry plays out, eventually you 
will lose some of the projects due to automation but as an entity or as an organization, we will 
also keep on moving on the value chain and keep on building capabilities in other segments. In 
the near term, yes, we have seen some rapid expansion in the past couple of years back and 
maybe we are not seeing that kind of a growth. But having said that, it is not right to not expect 
any growth at all in this segment. You will keep on getting new projects in new areas.  
Rajiv Mehta: 
Okay. And the second part of it, tapping opportunities outside of Moody's for similar services? 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Shubham, you want to pick that up? 
Shubham Jain 
Yes, Venkat. Thanks. Rajiv, so we are already here exploring various opportunities with non-
Moody clients, both domestically as well as internationally. We have brought in several sales 
accelerators and international consultants who are helping us with the GTM strategy to expand 
our services. So we expect to intensify these efforts in the coming months. 
Already, if you see, our risk practice is servicing clients globally. We also want to deepen our 
wallet share with those clients. And further, this acquisition of D2K is helping us in 
strengthening these efforts. So, I think overall, we are hoping to see some good movement over 
the next three to four quarters. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Thank you for answering all my questions and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Abhijeet Sakhare from Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Hi, good evening, everyone. I have two or three questions. First one is just to get some idea in 
terms of, the linkage between issuance and our rating revenue growth. Now, what I wanted to 
understand is that like this quarter, we saw fairly strong, growth in rating revenues. But 
hypothetically, if we kind of settle here in terms of issuance levels, how does it play out in terms 
of how the rating revenues move forward? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
I think he's asking what's the linkage between the bond issuance and the rating revenue. And in 
the current quarter, we had a strong bond issuance and will the growth rate continue around it? 
L Shivakumar: 
No, you see, it's obviously very directly correlated. But at the same time, it's a function of which 
segment the issuances are coming from, whether it's the government sector or the private sector. 
Within the private sector, we have mostly seen the engines of growth have been infrastructure 
and BFSI. Then it's also a function of, within our own revenue mix, there are cap clients and 
non-cap clients. So, there are a whole lot of drivers. But yes, at a very high level, it's positively 
correlated. More of the issuances, obviously, it will give a very strong upward ticker to the 
revenue. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
So the other way to maybe, clarify on that question would be, let's say the issuances given last 
year's strong base for third quarter. If we are, let's say, flat Y-o-Y, would it be fair to say that the 
rating revenue growth can still sustain in double digits? Or is there a drop-off which is linked to 
the volume of issuances in a given quarter? 
L Shivakumar: 
See, one, we don't give guidance in terms of where we land in terms of revenue growth. But as 
you are well aware, issuances in terms of bonds, particularly from banks and NBFCs, where we 
saw a very strong traction in Q2, is likely to continue. So that will support our growth. 
 
And similarly, bank credit also, we do a while, banks have been struggling for deposits. It is 
more, what should I say, wider in terms of its reach and also penetration in terms of the size of 
clients, in terms of, the borrowings that they do. So I would put it this way that while we do 
expect tailwinds on the bond issuances side, which would also help commercial paper as well as 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
securitization, at the same time, the bank credit will provide us with stability. That's the way it 
has been all along. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
And Abhijit, I think one of the factors is the fee cap which we should keep in mind because there 
is always a fee cap model. So that also plays a role and if you are trying to correlate a bond 
issuance as well as revenue it might not be linear. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it, sir. And just to complete this question, any comments on pricing intensity given, the 
growth has come back fairly nicely for the industry last year or so. And if you could, give further 
color in terms of segments as well, whether the intensity tends to vary across different segments 
of the market as well. 
L Shivakumar: 
Pricing is a function of many things. Bond issuances, usually, in the market, they tend to prefer 
the better rating agencies and we are one of those. So it does help us. And then again, when we 
look at the growth segments, one has usually seen that growth segment, the pricing is better. So 
given all this, I think, in terms of pricing, we should be able to continue to implement or, enforce 
the strategy which we've been following for the last couple of years in terms of pegging ourselves 
at reasonable levels and also being selective about our focus on growth segments and ensuring 
that we keep our pricing above a certain threshold. 
 
So I think all these things will definitely help us. Having said that, competitive intensity remains. 
I don't see any change, in that. It remains at the levels which we've seen all along. But largely, I 
would say the competitive intensity is more among the top four rating agencies which have some 
amount of preference in the market. But in bond issuances, we are well preferred and well 
accepted. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
To elaborate just a bit further, generally speaking, on a relative basis, the competitive intensity 
is far higher in the commoditized segment, like bank loan ratings, where there is no flight to 
quality, if you like. So at the top end, particularly the market issuances, there will always be 
flight to quality. So there, naturally, we have a stronger position. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
So the second one was a question on expense or margin. I remember, last time we had a call, 
there was some discussion around, few areas where, the company had to make certain 
investments which were impacting margins. I think somewhere it's something got to do with, 
rationalization or benchmarking of our cost in line with peers and some costs around investments 
towards, some technology or workflow areas as well. 
 
So I just want to understand where are we in that journey? Because while margins have 
improved, it seems like there is a fairly long runway when we, compare our margins versus 
peers, especially in the ratings business. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Sure. See, there are two parts to this. One is the benchmarking that you are talking about that 
related to our people, where we had to align our compensation structure with what's out there in 
the market, with our peer group and with the rest of the industry and so on and so forth. I mean, 
that was a pretty much of a one-time kind of exercise that we conducted, some time back. And 
in that year, naturally, we saw a significant spike in our, employee costs. Thereafter, the increase 
has been, since then it has been normalized. 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
 
And that there, of course, we have relatively, less work to do. As far as technology is concerned, 
we have been looking at technology quite closely over the last couple of years. And our spends 
in technology, have been increasing and that will continue to be the case. But as I said, what we 
will remain completely focused on is to ensure that despite all of this, we continue to see margin 
expansion. 
 
So, on growth or directionally, we have been actually doing well and we will continue to remain 
focused there. Yes, I mean there might be a divergence between us and some of the others of 
which we are mindful. But we have a plan to consistently improve our margins. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Thanks for the clarification, sir. Just a couple of more items. If I could get the number for D2K 
revenues, if possible, first half or second quarter, if available? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Abhijit, since we do not disclose that separately, we will not be able to share that to ensure that 
we maintain parity of information across all stakeholders. But you can get the last year's number 
from the website and it is roughly around INR19 crores or INR20 crores full year 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
And then one last bit. Any comments on whether you are evaluating any more acquisitions in 
the non-ratings piece? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
On an ongoing basis, we look at both organic as well as inorganic opportunities. If there is 
something exciting, we will look at it. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take a next question from the line of Sammedi from Anand Rathi Wealth. 
Please go ahead. 
Sammedi: 
Hi, good evening to everyone. The question that I wanted to ask is, for the companies or NBFCs 
that have been evaluated by you, so if they have been issuing structure products or marketing 
debentures, if they have embedded derivatives in them, then how are they rated? Like, are the 
derivatives considered or evaluated while assigning a rating? So just like from a curiosity point 
of view? 
K Ravichandran: 
Yes, we do rate a lot of these NBFCs, which come with options especially. There can be a put 
option. That is something we are mindful of. We generally assess what would be the ability of 
the company to repay that particular debt in case, put option were to be exercised by the 
particular investor. 
 
Most of the NBFCs would maintain a fair amount of liquidity on balance sheet as well as off 
balance sheet liquidity. Only when we are satisfied, the company would be able to honor that 
particular redemption with this particular put option and so on so rating is assigned. So obviously 
it is integral part of our rating assessment. 
Sammedi: 
Okay. Thank you sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Gokul Maheshwari from Awriga 
Capital Advisors, LLP. Please go ahead. 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Yes, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. So just a question. Just if you could comment on your 
market shares for the first half versus last year were in various products. Not specifically 
numbers, just broader movements whether you have held on to your market shares improved or 
areas where you may have lost? 
L Shivakumar: 
Our market share is quite stable. As we have been mentioning in the previous calls and various 
commentaries, which we have put out. We are very selective in a sense that we look at that 
segment where the pricing or where the fees, the ability of the company to pay the fees is above 
a certain threshold, which means we don't chase the very, very small entities. But overall the 
segments we are in, the segments we have chosen to be in, our market share is quite stable. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Okay. Secondly, just on the knowledge services business, what you are specifically catering to 
your parents that's been very stagnant for the last 4 to 6 quarters or so. Well, I understand you 
don't give an outlook but could you just help us explain in terms of what are the engagements 
which you are having with them and what are they really looking forward from you to create a 
value add for themselves? Or projects from your parents? If you could just comment on that? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Shubham, you may want to pick this. 
Shubham Jain: 
Yes. So see the partnership with our parents remains pretty strong and though we are seeing 
some stagnancy in the business but we are exploring some other projects or processes where we 
can again partner with Moody's and other international clients. So yes, as you have said there 
has been some pressure due to automation initiatives, but we are exploring ways to deepen our 
service offerings to them. As I said earlier also, so we are also partnering with other sales 
accelerators and some other consultants who are helping us to get some more international 
business. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
 Gokul. I will just add on to that. From a continuing engagement obviously there are discussions 
to see if we can expand our current scope of work for them. So that's one continuous process 
that we always do. The second what we are also looking at Moody's products, risk solution 
products. We are seeing whether there are any opportunities for us to be involved in either 
distribution or implementation of some of these software solutions or risk solutions that Moody's 
has got. 
And the third as  mentioned by Shubham, we are also looking outside Moody's as well to drive 
client expansion in newer geography and  that's something which is a work in progress. You 
would have seen that we have acquired D2K Technologies which is  also a part of strategy to 
diversify our revenue source. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Great. And just lastly on the, so just two more questions. So one of the margins when you 
reiterated that there is a consistent effort to improve margins, but is there a timeframe which you 
would think that you will be able to bridge the gap, because the gap today is still significantly 
quite high versus your peers in the industry and it's primarily a four-player market. So could you 
just comment whether it will take 3 to 4 years or it's more like a 12 to 24-month gap which you 
can fill in? 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
It's difficult to give you a timeframe, but as I said, left to us, ideally we would have preferred to 
do it by yesterday. But the fact is we also have to be mindful of the fact that there are certain 
areas where we were under-invested until about a couple of years ago and then therefore it's 
imperative that we invest in such areas, particularly such as technology and so on. 
 
So that will take up some part of the spends which will also dictate the time it might take for us 
to get to wherever some of the others might be. But as I said, directionally we are doing well 
and we will consistently keep looking at improvement in the operating margins. And we have 
been delivering on that over the last few years. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
On capital allocation, I mean the business has been doing well and we have more than around 
INR900 crores of cash in the balance sheet. So when you up the payout spend, is there a thought 
process of further increasing the payouts given the buyback opportunity could be less tax-
efficient now for the shareholders? So is there any thought process or discussion within the board 
on that one? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
We evaluate capital allocation on a periodic basis and have discussions with our board. And you 
would have seen that, I mean in the last few years, as you rightly said, we have increased the 
dividend payout and we  continue to evaluate and have a discussion with the board. This also 
includes seeing how much we need for our own growth as well and our endeavor is to maximize 
shareholders' returns and we are on it. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Okay. Lastly, on the tax rate, for the quarter was 35%-odd. Is this primarily because of the tax 
changes in the budget on account of certain debt instruments? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
You are right. Due changed in indexation, there was a one-time impact in the numbers for the 
current quarter.  
Gokul Maheshwari: 
And we've taken the hit in this quarter as well. So the next couple of quarters, we go back to the 
corporate tax rate? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
We should be closer -- the ETR should be closer to the corporate tax rate, plus or minus 1%. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Great. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Ajox Frederick from Sundaram Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Ajox Frederick: 
Sir, my question is regarding the employee expenses. And once we have acquired D2K, we were 
supposed to have a normalized employee spend going forward. But we are seeing a sequential 
increase. So when can we see a stable employee cost? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
See, D2K was acquired just about a year ago, towards the end of last calendar year. The rest of 
the group, ICRA Limited, ICRA Analytics, ICRA ESG Ratings, I would say that we are in a 
pretty stable state at the present time. ICRA Analytics, we'll see both spikes as well as dips in 
the employee cost depending on how the knowledge services business actually pans out, because 
that is an FTE based model. So there will be some element of unpredictability, if you like, with 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
respect to employee cost. But it's entirely a function of how many bodies we need to throw at 
any business. 
D2K, we haven't actually realigned that entirely, because it's not yet 100% subsidiary. There is 
still some work to be done. There, at the present time, it is an FTE based model. But there will 
be some corrections which we might have to look at in due course as we go further down the 
road. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Ajox, just to add to what Ram has said, the run rate has been stable for our businesses. You have 
to just be mindful that D2K got acquired  last November . What you are seeing from an expense 
base,  D2K employee cost was not there last year. So that itself is also causing an aberration 
there. From a run rate perspective we have more or less done with a correction and be hitting a 
normal run rate and not a very higher run rate on the employee cost. 
Ajox Frederick: 
Understood, sir. That's very helpful. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Advait Lath from Nippon India Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Advait Lath: 
Hi, congrats on a great set of numbers. I just wanted to know, how we see the ESG space 
spanning out and could you just explain a bit more on the model -- the revenue model that we 
have. Is it an issuer-paid model and how that works? 
L Shivakumar: 
Yes, so we got our license somewhere in the end of April. We have opted for the issuer-pays 
model. As you are aware, there are two models, the issuer-pays and the subscriber-pays. We feel 
that through this model it allows us to engage better with the client in terms of getting 
information, doing discussions with the clients, and we feel that we can do a better job in terms 
of arriving at the scores and the ratings through this model. 
Hence, we opted for the issuer-pays model. We have already released one rating which was 
about a month ago and we are working on a couple of mandates. The response is quite positive. 
The interest is coming in across segments and we are quite optimistic about this business. 
Advait Lath: 
Yes, I just wanted to know so the employee base you would have for ESG ratings would overlap 
with the domestic ratings or would this be a separate entity altogether? Like you said, it's a 
subsidiary but beyond that? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
It's a subsidiary, it's a separate legal vehicle and SEBI requires that this be a separate legal entity. 
It's a subsidiary legal entity and the analytical function is completely separate as required by 
SEBI. So there is no overlap in the analytical function between ESG ratings and our credit rating 
business. 
Advait Lath: 
And this is the last question from my end. Are we looking to get into the MSME credit ratings 
piece because there's a lot of traction there in terms of credit and generally MSMEs look a bit 
credit starved? 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
We just we are evaluating we need to see whether -- we need to understand the scale that it might 
entail and for that matter what -- how much traction it will have. So we are in the process of 
evaluating but we don't have any plans yet. 
Advait Lath: 
Okay, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Varun Bang from Bandhan Life. Please 
go ahead. 
Varun Bang: 
Yes, hi. Congratulations for a strong set of numbers. Just two, three questions. In terms of the 
segment reporting I think we have clubbed non-rating businesses. So what is the thought process 
for the same because the nature of businesses in this segment is different? So, what is the reason 
for the same and how should we track the progress of consulting and the market services 
businesses going forward? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
On the segmental reporting, we have restructured businesses internally and the way internally 
report. The standard requires us to mirror how we are reporting internally to also to external 
stakeholders. So, that's the reason why we have actually merged as we are looking internally at 
this as a single segment. And this is also in line with the industry practice and how the other 
players are also reporting.  
Varun Bang: 
And on the knowledge services side… 
Moderator: 
Varun may I request you to speak a bit louder, please. Your voice is very low. 
Varun Bang: 
Yes. So on the knowledge services side again, so we used to – we get business from three 
Moody's companies. So within that I think the business that comes from Moody's Corporation 
saw a major dip in 2024 FY '24. So from INR33 crores I think it fell to less than INR1 crores. 
So was it one kind of a business and what is the output there? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
See from a Moody's business perspective we don't look at an legal entity because is it's more 
like there are large divisions within Moody's and we don't treat legal entity as base to look at our 
business growth in knowledge services. We look at the service segment itself and there could be 
a shift from one legal entity to another business.  
Varun Bang: 
And within the work that Moody's outsources, so how do you decide whether to become partner 
or not? What is the thought process in terms of choosing business? What areas do we focus on? 
And if you can also talk about some of the parameters that we evaluate or look at before deciding 
on whether to participate or not participate in the outsourcing activities. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Shubham you want to pick up? 
Shubham Jain: 
Yes, sure. So see when Moody's start discussing, so there is as we have said earlier, there is a 
continuous engagement of our teams with their contemporaries in Moody's and there is regular 
discussion on what are the future processes or projects which Moody's may be looking to 
outsource. 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
 
So given that what Moody's is wanting and what our capabilities are then we decide on the future 
course of action whether we want to participate in getting those activities in our fold. So that's 
how we go about it. And also other key parameters is the longevity and stability of those projects 
and processes that we see because even to develop the capabilities we need to invest in creating 
those capabilities. So we want to ensure that we make enough money to recover whatever 
investments we are doing. 
Varun Bang: 
Okay. And secondly on the rating side, what I'm observing is some of the large and also some 
of the mid-sized corporate borrowers, who used to borrow from banks they have shifted to bond 
markets and the rate at which they are raising funds it seems it's very competitive vis-a-vis bank 
funding. So are we also observing similar trends? What are our thoughts on this and do you think 
some of these trends are structural? Can you share your thoughts on that? 
L Shivakumar 
Yes, you are right that, bond issuances have been cheaper. The yield – there the yield dropped 
in Q2 and bank credit relatively is more expensive. It is, we know why bank credit is more 
expensive, it's largely because they are struggling to get deposits. It's difficult to say whether it 
is temporary or structural, because it depends on how long, they would perhaps struggle to get 
deposits. 
 
But I would think that next couple of quarters definitely, one is also expecting a rate cut even 
though it might be a shallow rate cut cycle that is going to benefit bond issuances further. So I 
would think bond issuances definitely, would be more attractive for a couple of quarters. 
Varun Bang: 
Okay. And lastly, again on the capital allocation strategy, what will be our strategy for this year? 
Like last year we had paid one-time special dividend because the cash continues to accumulate 
and the return ratios continue to look, I mean it's way lower than some of our peers. So how are 
we looking at these areas? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
As I mentioned earlier, we will be judicious and continue to look at more rigorously as we have 
been doing in the past. I can't disclose specifics because these are UPSI but as I mentioned we'll 
keep on reviewing them on a periodic basis. 
Varun Bang: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Parikshit Gupta from Fair Value Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Parikshit Gupta: 
Okay. Thank you very much for the opportunity. I have a question on the analytics division. I 
know we have already been discussing the tepid growth in the global clients but considering that 
global banks discretionary spend has been subdued in the recent past due to the pertinent risks, 
however, given the moderation interest rates along with RBI's stance changing to neutral, can 
you tell us a little bit about how you are having these conversations with global banks, possibly 
increasing their spend on work flows in the credit funnel or other operational work flows 
internally. If you could just help with the pulse from your discussions with them, please? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Shubham, you may want to pick up. 

ICRA Limited 
October 28, 2024 
Page 15 of 15 
Shubham Jain: 
Yes, sure. As I said, Parikshit, that we have been in discussions with various BFSI clients, 
potential clients globally, specifically on the southeast side and even in the U.S. markets. But 
we are in the initial phase of our journey and then all players and all the banks that we are talking 
to definitely they are showing interest given our track record of delivering good quality data and 
output to our long-standing customers on the international side. 
So, when you said that, okay, there were headwinds that the banks were facing earlier but now 
with the decline in interest rates and the neutral stance of RBI also, so possibly we may see some 
positive movement in the overseas or the foreign banks. But their constant focus is on 
rationalization of the cost and where we come as a handy partner for them. So, there are various 
positive discussions which we are having right now and hopefully I think if they succeed, then 
we will start seeing some business coming our way. 
Parikshit Gupta: 
Thank you very much for the detailed answer and best wishes for the season. Thank you. 
Shubham Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as the last question for today and I'll hand over 
the call to Mr. Venkatesh Viswanathan, Group CFO, for closing remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Thank you all for being a part of this Investor and Analyst Call. On behalf of ICRA management, 
I thank you all and wish you a happy, prosperous, and safe Diwali. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICRA management, that 
concludes this conference call. I thank all the participants for joining us. Thank you once again. 
