Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
Synergia IT Park, Plot No. R-270 T.T.C. 
Industrial Estate, Gautam Nagar, Near 
Rabale Police Station, Rabale,Navi 
Mumbai 400701. MH-India.  
Phone 
Fax 
+91 22 4040 7070
+91 22 4040 7080
investor@aurionpro.com 
www.aurionpro.com 
CIN: L99999MH1997PLC111637 
28th October, 2024 
Sub: Transcript of earning call held on October 22, 2024 for the Q2 & H1 FY 25. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
In accordance with Regulation 30 & 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, enclosed transcript of the earning call held on October 22, 2024 for the Q2 & 
H1 of FY 2024-25.  
Kindly take the above information on record and confirm compliance. 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully 
For Aurionpro Solutions Limited  
Ninad Kelkar  
Company Secretary 
Encl: as above 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza’. C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051. 
NSE SYMBOL: AURIONPRO 
To, 
The BSE Limited, 
25th Floor, P. J. Towers,  
Fort, Mumbai: 400 001. 
SCRIP CODE: 532668 
Ninad 
Prabhakar 
Kelkar
Digitally signed by Ninad Prabhakar Kelkar 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=5985, 
pseudonym=KKpmXBKwICOG5Avw14cmAbyXJHbQ
xZbl, 
2.5.4.20=30e88de6db74a6add8ad8e6a8f4d084cd03f
be22cd587c2bac66d1f29428be3f, 
postalCode=421201, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=6257ea305d4077cda243f29b13e49ff4
e8f988f988115d718bf4d123f6399c2c, cn=Ninad 
Prabhakar Kelkar 
Date: 2024.10.28 14:46:05 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
“Aurionpro Solutions Limited  
Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 22nd, 2024 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ASHISH RAI – GROUP CEO & VICE CHAIRMAN 
MR. VIPUL PARMAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. NINAD KELKAR – COMPANY SECRETARY 
MODERATOR: 
 MS. AASHVI SHAH – ADFACTORS PR – INVESTOR RELATIONS 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       October 22nd, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call  
October 22, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Investor Call of Aurionpro Solutions 
Limited to discuss the Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that, this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Aashvi Shah from Adfactors PR, Investor Relations. 
Thank you and over to you, ma’am. 
Aashvi Shah: 
Thank you Neha. Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of the Company, I would like to welcome 
you all to the Earnings Conference Call for Q2 & H1 FY25. 
Today, on this call we have with us from the Management Mr. Ashish Rai – Vice Chairman and 
Group CEO, Mr. Vipul Parmar – Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Ninad Kelkar – Company 
Secretary.  
We will begin the call with brief opening remarks from the Management followed by a Q&A 
session. 
Please note that certain statements made during this call may be forward-looking in nature. 
Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause 
the actual results or projections to differ materially from those statements. Aurionpro Solutions 
will not be in any way responsible for any actions taken based on such statements and 
undertakes no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking statements. 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Ashish Rai for his opening remarks. Thank you and 
over to you, sir.  
Ashish Rai: 
Thanks Aashvi. Good afternoon everyone, and welcome to this Earnings Call for Q2 & H1 FY25. 
I am sure by now you have all received the investor deck, and I hope you had an opportunity 
to review it. 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       October 22nd, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 15 
I am very pleased to share the continuing strong performance in Q2 and in H1. We continue to 
make significant progress in the quarter on our agenda to expand the banking software 
business to newer markets, as well as to recalibrate parts of the TIG business to focus on better 
economics, as we have talked about before. Our revenue for Q2 has grown by 32% YoY on the 
back of continued momentum across businesses, especially on the banking side. EBITDA 
increased by 23% YoY and PAT grew by 34% YoY which is a great indicator of continued effective 
execution by the team. Building a scaled up enterprise technology player that delivers value on 
the global stage will take immense focus on a complex range of factors, and it's worth 
appreciating how steadily and methodically the team has continued to make progress across 
the various aspects of the strategic agenda.  
To recap the performance, revenue for the quarter stood at Rs.278 Cr, which is a significant 
increase on the YoY basis. PAT stood at Rs.46 Cr for Q2 and PAT margins for the quarter stood 
at 16.4%, which is slightly above the guided range of 15 to 16%. EBITDA margin for the quarter 
stood at 20.3% well within the guided range, but down a point from the previous quarter due 
to a one-off FX loss that we had. This growth is driven by significant expansion in demand for 
our core offerings, as well as our entry into newer markets where we are increasingly 
succeeding because of the competitiveness of our product stack.  
The most important highlight of the first half of the year has been the significant progress our 
teams have made on product build outs, as well as new market entries for both Banking as well 
as TIG. This progress doesn't show up in the quarterly results, but it's probably the most 
significant determinant of our ability to achieve Aurionpro’s Vision 2030, and deliver industry 
leading returns on capital for our shareholders. We announced market expansion and deal wins 
across Americas, Southeast Asia, Middle East and Africa, and we feel confident that we will 
continue to see an acceleration of these based on the strong growth in pipeline and our ability 
to convert pipeline into deal wins across both the segments.  
Banking and Fintech business continues to experience a very strong demand environment, and 
our win rates have been very good thanks to the competitiveness of our product stack, as well 
as the increasing effectiveness of our sales and delivery teams. We have especially made very 
strong progress on enabling our enterprise software in Banking with the very mature ML 
offerings from Arya.AI and that has especially enhanced both our win rates as well as the size 
of the revenue opportunity for our enterprise application stack. The last quarter was also great 
from the standpoint of industry recognition, with Aurionpro featuring as Global Category 
Leader across five of Chartis RiskTech Quadrants, as well as featuring strongly on the Global 
RiskTech 100 Report.  
Coming to the TIG business. TIG has been focusing sharply on growth in transit payments and 
data center space, as well as recalibrating the business on the smart city side for better 
economics and cash efficiency. We have been talking about this, we have made tremendous 
progress on this and feel great about improving demand and economics on this side of the 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       October 22nd, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 15 
business through the rest of the year. TIG had a landmark win with Safe City Panvel project, as 
well as significant wins with strategic partners in data center business, which will set us up very 
well for a strong second half. 
Our focus for rest of the year, going forward will be to stick to the strategy and do more of the 
same. Continue to invest strongly in R&D to support product build outs, especially around 
entering new markets, where we do need to build out some additional bits on the product to 
enable them for the newer markets, as well as to AI enable the product stack, as well as focus 
on execution and cash efficiency in some parts of the business, where we need tighter 
execution to wind down some projects that have struggled due to lead time that we need to 
build capacity to deliver. 
As we look towards the rest of this FY and beyond, we feel confident about our ability to 
continue to strongly grow the business while investing in building capabilities and offerings that 
will fuel the long term earnings power for the firm. We are heading into the second half with 
great momentum, and feel good about delivering our guided growth of +30% and keep 
earnings margin within the guided bands. We will continue to explore inorganic options as well 
that complement our existing capabilities or enhance our presence in chosen markets to 
positively impact our longer term growth potential. 
Finally, we extend our sincere gratitude to our employees, customers, partners and 
shareholders for their continued support and contribution to our success. With that, I will close, 
and I look forward to an engaging Q&A. Over to you, Aashvi. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Vimal Jamnadas Gohil from Alchemy Capital Management. Please go ahead. 
Vimal Jamnadas Gohil: 
So, my first question was around, on margins. Could you help us or rather, could you take us 
through various puts and takes of this 152-basis point decline, quarter-on-quarter and even on 
a YoY basis our margins have slipped to the lower band of our guided range. I do understand 
that you have given a guided range for the reason, but if you can help us explain the factors 
that have led to this particular decline, and then I have a follow-up. 
Ashish Rai: 
Okay. So, look Vimal, thanks for the question. And you said this in your question itself. I have 
said this, as the pace at which we are growing it's hard to calibrate EBITDA margin down to a 
fine point, and that's why we give a range of 20 to 22. I would say there are significant 
investments that we are making in terms of supporting the products to expand into newer 
markets. Also, when you are building a product at rapid speed, even if you have order book to 
deliver there will be periods where the expense goes a little bit ahead of the revenue, and not 
to a significant extent, because we are very measured in where we make our investments, 
that's why we keep the 2% band, expenses will sometimes shoot up. So, we are expanding at 
a pace that we have never done before. We are entering new markets at a pace we have not 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       October 22nd, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 15 
done before. We are doing product build out, especially AI enabling the whole product stack 
like we have never done before. So, yes, there is a significant uptick in sort of both the head 
count as well as the expenses that are going in. But even if it's a little bit of lag, there's revenue 
to back it up. In this specific quarter, we also had a Rs.4 Cr FX loss, which is one-off and that is 
probably a point hit, or slightly more than a point hit on the EBITDA. But I would really advise 
you not to read too much into the quarterly EBITDA numbers, because honestly we cannot 
calibrate down to a fine point. So, sometimes it will go to 23, sometimes it will come down to 
20 but by and large, there is nothing fundamentally changing from one quarter to the next in 
terms of business economics. That's what I would say to it, I hope that answers the question, 
but I would really advise you not to read too much on these numbers from one quarter to the 
next. 
Vimal Jamnadas Gohil: 
Fair enough Ashish, thank you so much. Ashish, the second question was around our balance 
sheet and cash flow. So, what I notice is that, while the EBITDA growth has been very strong in 
the first half, hasn't led to generating operating cash. So, we have sort of reported a negative 
operating cash of Rs.66 Cr in the first half, which is of course led by the receivables and other 
assets. And I believe this is due to the increase in unbilled receivables. So, if you can take us, 
how do we sort of unwind this, how does the full year of FY25 look and how do we make sure 
that we return back to normalize the cash generation? 
Ashish Rai: 
Yes, okay good. So, great question Vimal. So, look, cash flow would be a little bit cyclical for us, 
and I will probably try and explain the factors. But by and large, the headline story is, when we 
are growing parts of the business rapidly, the cash conversion will suffer. As the businesses 
come down to lower growth rates, the cash conversion will get better, that's too generic a 
statement, but that is at a headline level what really happens right. In terms of the actual 
factors that go into the (-Rs. 66 Cr) let me think through those. So, I would say one very large 
factor is, and I have to be careful, what I can sort of disclose, but we are in some M&A process, 
for large global asset, which is kind of a core sort of process. And there's been deposits that 
have been given, it sort of works two ways, either you succeed in which case we probably have 
an M&A. If you don't succeed, then the deposit gets returned back. But those sort of add up to 
the cash that goes out especially we need to show up on other assets or something. We do also 
have the unbilled part that you are talking about. It's not just unbilled, it's truly unbilled as well 
as receivables. But basically, we have had very large wins on the banking side, especially where 
we have had projects like State Bank of India, we have had wins in Saudi Arabia. We have had 
a very large global FinTech vendor where we built out new products which they are selling. 
These are actually pretty significant successes. But what really happens as we are ramping into 
these projects is that we are making progress we are accruing revenues in some cases we would 
voice those out, but bulk of the conversion will happen as we take these clients live. In the case 
of these large projects, most of these are within the year. And that's why I say, you would see 
some cyclicality between now and then. But by December, January, some of these large 
projects would be live. We would collect the cash before March. So, that will normalize, the 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       October 22nd, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 15 
inorganic process as well will normalize. We have had some also around the ESOP schemes that 
we rolled out to attract the right kind of talent and motivate our employees. We have had some 
outflow in terms of loans to advances to employees to enable them to on the ESOP schemes. 
So, that's also a material number. So, there's quite a few of these, but the headline story is, 
there will be some level of cyclicality in terms of cash flow conversion when we are going at 
rapid pace, especially parts of the businesses which are going at rapid pace. So, banking now is 
growing at +50%. So, we will start large projects, and the larger the project, the more the sort 
of mismatch that's likely to happen. We had the same problem when TIG was growing rapidly 
in the last couple of years at +50%. So, we slowed TIG down this year to focus more on cash 
efficiency, and that it will start showing up in the second half of the year. So, I fully expect by 
the time we get to March, a lot of these conversions would have happened and you’ll see the 
result. But again, when we look at balance sheet from one quarter to the next, you will see 
some of these variances going out. I hope that answers the question, but I am happy to take a 
follow up on this. 
Vimal Jamnadas Gohil: 
Yes, sure. If I may Ashish, so what you are saying is, by the end of FY25 we should be returning 
to positive OCF, and assuming I am not putting words in your mouth, but assuming that the 
growth rate continues to be strong in FY26, we should not see this kind of cyclicality or rather, 
lumpiness in cash flows, because TIG would clearly be growing lesser as compared to your 
banking business, correct me if I am wrong here. 
Ashish Rai: 
True, so you are right, and that is the reason and then we have been very look, I have been 
totally transparent on this, why we have slowed down parts of the business, why we are 
accelerating other parts of the business, banking, other than the few large projects we have 
started off, tends to generally be fairly cash efficient, and we typically finish off most projects 
within 12 months. So, you would normally be very reasonably efficient. So, yes, by the time you 
finish FY25 it will be a different picture. But the second thing is also the mix of the businesses 
we continue to focus on it. What we need to really understand as managers, maybe even as 
Aurionpro shareholders is, businesses which go through rapid growth would not have the same 
predictability of cash efficiency as a mature business growing at 5% or 7% would and in the 
product business, it sort of becomes a bit more susceptible to the timeline of the projects going 
live. But having said that, I am very confident as we go from one financial year to the next, we 
will get much stronger-and-stronger as we go, because the bottom line is, banking software is 
fundamentally a business with very good economics, and it's growing at 50%. So, some of the 
cyclicality aside, by the time we finish the year, a lot of these projects will be live. By the time 
we get into FY26 we will be much stronger on the balance sheet than FY25. So, it will keep 
growing from there. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karthik Iyer an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       October 22nd, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Karthik Iyer: 
I just had a couple of questions regarding TIG. Congrats on the Panvel order win. I just wanted 
to know what is the timeline for execution of that project, and what would it be, if you could 
throw some light on the margins we would be making on that? 
Ashish Rai: 
Hi Karthik, so look TIG as I said, we maybe give a little bit of background on this. On the smart 
city side, we deliberately slowed down the business over the last year to focus on identifying 
the levers to getting better economics on that side. We obviously built up some fantastic IP we 
built up some fantastic capabilities on that side, but we wanted to be very careful as we get 
that business back to growth. Safe City Panvel we carefully selected as a business with the right 
sort of parameters where we bring enough value to the table for us to get the economics right. 
So, that is, again having said that we are still calibrating that side of business. But that is what 
our plan is, and hence the project, we will get most of the delivery done between 16 to 18 
months, beyond the 12 months we will get most of the deliveries done. It is a multiyear project, 
but I would say on the outside at about 18 months we will get most of the deliveries done. 
Karthik Iyer: 
And if you could throw any light on the margin for us? 
Ashish Rai: 
Margin are kind of on this. So, I don't think we can specifically highlight the deal margins but 
it's high double-digits. 
Karthik Iyer: 
Okay. And if you could throw some light on, is there any fresh order wins with regard to transit 
and anything that the order book for the data center space? 
Ashish Rai: 
Okay. So, look transit side we have had significant traction in Americas. We have announced 
large wins in Mexico, which we are delivering against. We have had success in Costa Rica 
Ecuador, etc. We continue to double down on those. We are also now seeing some new 
progress in terms of closed loop to open loop movement in the US. We are involved in a bunch 
of POCs which we hope will translate into large scale sort of action on part of the government 
participants and the transit operators. So, we hope to see over the next few quarters a lot more 
action in the US market itself. Of course, California continues we are live in more and more 
cities and that progresses, but we feel the market is ready for more action in other states, 
states other than California. And there's a bunch of POCs going out. We are also now on the 
transit side, sort of seriously getting into Europe, both largely in terms of our partnerships with 
other larger players, so more as part of consortia than going directly ourselves. But there is a 
lot more traction there, and we have some very strong, well progressed pipeline opportunities 
in Asia, in let's say Southeast Asia, in a few countries. So, again, those should come to push 
over the next couple of quarters. So, transit has very strong traction outside of India. In India, 
we have had success with one of the metro projects, but we are being very measured in the 
kind of transit business we take on in India, globally the expansion would be a lot stronger. 
The question around the data center space, we have had sort of significant order wins from 
Iron Mountain and Webwerks, which we have publicly disclosed, that business continues to 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       October 22nd, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 15 
grow. We continue to work on some on the R&D side in that business to hopefully be able to 
get some productized offerings out. But it's a long haul, it's complex to really get the 
productization right in that space, but we are working through it. The order wins are there so 
this year data center business should grow at a very good number but then it's been growing 
at that rate for the last few years, so it will continue to expand.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ahan from Vimana Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ahan Rajgor: 
Yeah, Ashish, congrats on a fantastic set of results and growing the business. Just one or two 
questions. One was on the order book. Could you please like give a breakup of the order book 
of INR 1,100 Cr between the TIG and the banking and fintech? And what sort of goes within the 
smart transit, data centers, and give a breakup of that? 
Ashish Rai: 
Hi, Ahan. Thank you. So order book right now is in the range of, I would say, INR 1,150 Cr, give 
or take, right. And the split between the banking and the TIG business is roughly 40:60. I think 
banking we picked up a lot of new orders, but we've also been executing against those orders 
pretty rapidly, right. So, I think, it's still a larger share on the TIG order book, also thanks to 
some of the newer orders we picked up on both the data center space as well as Safe City 
Panvel and all, right. So that is where we are. Banking continues to pick up a higher volume of 
smaller ticket size orders and continues to sort of execute on those 
Ahan Rajgor: 
Thank you. And across both the businesses, could you share a rough margin range, I know the 
blended one target guidance that we have got is for 22% around that range. But what would it 
be for individual segments? 
Ashish Rai: 
There is a reason we don't get into segment wise margins because, this thing is one, the smaller 
you make the scale, the lesser you get the price stability in terms of margins. Having said, and 
that's why we keep it at a macro level. But having said that, I would say banking is anywhere 
between 4-6 points above the enterprise margin, and TIG, at the moment is probably 4-5 points 
below the enterprise margin. But then it really varies by the segment inside these segments, 
sub segment inside these segments, as well as the nature of work that you are talking about. 
So, the smaller you get, the less flexible your margin is, in some quarters it will be exceptional, 
in some quarters it will come down. So, then that's the reason we don't really narrow it down. 
Hopefully, by next year each of the segments scaled up enough for us to start publishing it. But 
at the moment, I would say, just as a general thumb rule, say 4-6 points above on the banking 
and FinTech side, and 4-5 points below on the TIG side. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karthik Iyer, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Karthik Iyer: 
So, one follow-up on banking, are we investing in a team to execute all the successful order 
wins that we are doing in the Banking and FinTech space? 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       October 22nd, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Ashish Rai: 
Yes, Karthik so I hope you got my answer to the last question. So, on the banking team side 
look, I would say the number one focus for Aurionpro at the moment as well as the number 
one challenge in front of us is scaling up delivery capacity, it's all looks nice that we are growing 
at 50%, but it is complex. You need the full spectrum of skill set, so unlike a typical services 
shop where someone else defines what needs to be built, and then we are looking for a bunch 
of developers, we need a much more complex spectrum; full spectrum of skill sets to mobilize 
product teams. And it's not so straightforward. The second is, most of the capacity addition 
that we need to do on the banking side is people who implement our own application. So, you 
need to really train people up on the applications that we build and that also takes time. So, I 
would say, the lead time to really build capacity out is proving to be a little bit longer than we 
should have and that also sort of results in weakness in terms of cash conversion, because sort 
of it comes down, you need to have the capacity to take the client's live. You need to take the 
client's live, to convert the orders into cash and the whole thing adds up. So, we are working 
heavily on this. This is the number one focus item for us, we have instituted a new learning and 
development function inside Aurionpro to really step up how quickly we ramp up resources. 
We have built out internal training mechanisms because we can't find enough experienced 
talent out in the market, we are hiring heavily from the global peer group centers outside of 
India to be able to get the right skill sets. And that's the reason why we run R&D centers in 
Singapore, Istanbul and Vietnam. So, we are broad basing the talent base. We are instituting 
heavy investments in sort of internal training mechanisms to ramp up the teams. We have 
obviously added people so you can see that the head count is 2500+. But we are not a very 
resource intensive business but you need the right quality of skill sets. So, that is where the 
challenge is, that is where we are super focused on it. We have also built up the management 
bench. From time-to-time, we have sort of introduced people, the senior managers who joined 
in. So, we have hired the right set. I feel we have probably one of the most talented 
management teams in the industry today in terms of product build outs, and then we have 
added capacity at the lower levels question of sort of training them and ramping it up. It's a 
continuous process, and it's not that it’s not happening fast, but I would be a lot happier if it 
happened a little bit faster than we are, and we will keep working at it. It's just the right 
question to ask but, I would say we need to keep working at it.  
                                                     Also, on that point, sorry to just add the answer. We will probably try to deploy some, let's say 
not so organic approaches as well where we get an opportunity to quickly scale up talent so 
for example, on the AI side we were struggling for quite some time, but acquiring Arya.AI has 
really lent us a lot of strength in terms of talent coming in. Same thing on the lending side, 
when we acquired Omnifin, we really grew up the talent of the lending side. So, we will always 
be open for opportunities where the inorganic opportunities allow us to quickly ramp up on 
talent as well as obviously come with products and revenues which are relevant to us. But even 
just from a talent standpoint, some level of acqui-hire sort of opportunities, they do show 
themselves up and will probably act on those if they make sense. 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       October 22nd, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Anmol Garg: 
Couple of things. Firstly, we have shown very strong growth on the banking side of things. Now, 
can you envisage some of the areas where we are seeing this growth, particularly on the 
product side, which of the products are showing more traction versus the others? 
Ashish Rai: 
Hi, Anmol thanks. So, banking is probably the two or three levers which are working for us at 
the moment. One the strongest area of growth is transaction banking at the moment. So, which 
is where we announced deal wins in Saudi Arabia, given the state of the pipeline and how well 
progressed the pipeline is, I am very sure we will announce more wins in that space going 
forward. So, that segment, and this is where again we won SBI, Canara Bank, et cetera last year 
growth. So this is a segment which is growing rapidly, where our win rates are, I would say, 
probably the best in the industry right now and the pipeline is very large. So, when you combine 
a very large pipeline with us being the player with probably the strongest win rates in the 
business that hopefully, not hopefully, I am very confident that translates into a very large 
number of wins, even in the future. But that's where the growth is very strong.  
                                                     The second area where we see very strong growth on the banking side is where we have AI 
enabled the product stack. So, even the transaction banking side, part of the win rates being 
better than the competitors today is how AI enabled our product stack is right. So, for example 
in the transaction banking side, we have implemented a number of use cases, even in the wins 
we did in the past, like State Bank of India, the Middle East wins and all they go together with 
a lot of actual AI decisioning going into the product stack. That both improves our win rate 
there, but wherever we have AI enable the stack. We see just, it's just we have never seen this 
level of demand before on that. So, it's just unprecedented the scale of demand on the 
Enterprise AI offering, so that’s number two. And the third area where we have seen, let's say 
what the first half, pretty rapid growth, is the FinTech ecosystem, sort of partnerships that we 
built out with some of the global players, that has been a lot of those have gone from zero to 
very material numbers, even in the six months and for the full year there will be very, very 
material numbers. So, these FinTech partnerships, especially in the US, probably in the second 
half in Europe, will get some wins. Those are working very well for us. Those are the three major 
areas. Lending also, we have won a few deals that we announced, and it's growing as well, but 
those first three levers are like expanding very strongly. 
Anmol Garg: 
Understood. Thanks for this. During your media interview you indicated that our US growth 
will be very strong in FY25 probably in the range of 60%, 70%. Can you again indicate that, 
would this be coming from the deals that we have already won, or is there a good pipeline over 
there from where this growth can come from? 
Ashish Rai: 
So, I would say for the second half of the year, there may be one or two that convert from the 
pipeline, but most of the growth would come from deals we have already won. A lot of this 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       October 22nd, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 15 
expansion is around the third lever that I mentioned, which is the FinTech partnerships that we 
have struck. Also, because a lot of the IP that we provide is Singapore based, so I need to see 
where the revenue falls. But it's essentially the end US clients, mostly through the FinTech 
partnerships we see a strong growth. Bulk of it will come from orders we already won. There 
are deals in the pipeline, but the revenue contribution for those would probably be next year. 
Anmol Garg: 
Understood. Lsastly I just wanted to dwell a little bit more on our cash flows, which have been 
a bit negative during the quarter. So, in here, wanted to understand that we have also signed 
a deal in the TIG space, which is the Safe City project for Panvel. Now, how is the receivables 
for this particular project versus the Company average. And do you believe that by the end of 
the year, as we execute through this deal, the receivables can be impacted a bit more by 
executing this deal? 
Ashish Rai: 
I will probably split that up. The Panvel project specifically, we very carefully worked on it in 
terms of the payment milestones in terms of what the execution milestones are, so we feel 
good that it is not going to impose any additional pressure going in other than normal. There 
is a few TIG projects that I have talked about in the past where we know we have had pressure. 
We have had a very special team focused on executing these projects and getting these done 
in time, before end of the year. So, I feel that on that side, by the time we get into February, 
March, the execution situation would be very different and a lot of the cash collection priorities 
that we set in place would already be done. Panvel, specifically we feel good that we have 
because as you know we had slowed down that side of the business to really only be able to 
take business that we feel comfortable with. This is a project we very carefully identified. So, I 
don't feel this would really be, this would be pretty much a normal project in terms of both the 
execution milestones as well as collections. So, overall, that should get better. On the cash flow 
side, a lot of the pressure is coming in. What really happens is, whatever part of the business 
is growing the fastest, sort of creates that issue, because in the product business a lot of the 
cash happens when you take the client's live and if you are starting off a lot more projects than 
you are finishing off. It is just natural for sort of the cash collection to come under pressure. 
Plus, we have had the topics that, you were earlier in the call, so topics that I talked about 
earlier, which is around some inorganic opportunities which is one of opportunities which we 
feel we needed to play. So, we will see what the results of those are. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranay Roop Chatterjee from Burman Capital 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Great, hello sir this is the first time I am attending this call, and I am new to the Company so, I 
have a slightly fundamental question. So, I was looking at your revenue mix and 70% is from 
software services, and around 30% is from sale of equipment and product licenses. So, given 
this information, I wanted to understand what is the recurring portion in your total revenue, 
like for example, if you are earning INR 100 Cr in a quarter, what proportion is from one-time 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       October 22nd, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 15 
sales, be it software or product and is there like a maintenance component or a recurring 
component which allows you to continue earning revenue over a certain period of time? 
Ashish Rai: 
Yes, okay, thanks Pranay. So, look, the way to read the software services and product licensing, 
the difference is largely one-off versus what is either recurring, near recurring or 
implementation services. But a bunch of recurring revenue would also come into the product 
licenses mix because we increasingly do a lot more subscriptions. So, it's hard to read the exact 
recurring number in those numbers. Let me try and answer it this way. Split the business into 
two parts. You got banking software which does 55% you got TIG which does 45%. On the 
banking software side, I would say our recurring plus near recurring revenue is something of 
the order of 55% to 60% when the business was growing slower, when the business was 
growing at 15% that used to be closer to 65% to 70%. But now the business is going a lot faster 
so there's a lot more kind of one-off implementation projects, etc. So, recurring plus near 
recurring, so recurring is typically AMCs and subscriptions, and the near recurring is essentially 
like ongoing services with long-term existing customers like UOB or OCBC, etc. So, those would 
be 55% to 60%, and the other 40% will come from a mix of one-off licenses plus one of 
implementation projects, which typically are 12-to-18-month projects that we do when we 
take on new logos. So, that is the 55% banking business.  
                                                     Coming to the TIG side, I would say the recurring mix is lesser. It's probably of the order of 25% 
to 30% and that typically comes from the long duration projects we sign in terms of transit 
revenue streams, when we sell software and equipment outside of India, like deals like 
California, Maldives, etc., these tend to almost be like software contracts, because we charge 
something up front, we charge an AMC, we charge an operations fee so those again become 
recurring streams with some one-off there. So, I would say there probably 30% if you added 
near recurring deals, which are long term services contracts around, let's say so cloud, for 
example, most of the cloud that we sell on the TIG site is around our own products, and these 
are long term, multi duration contracts. So, that probably climbs up another 10%, 15% in those 
sort of deals. So, that's the way I will look at it. Does that answer the question clearly enough. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
That’s excellent sir, and gives me a lot of color on the business. Thanks for that, my second and 
last question sir, is trying to understand your revenue model. So, obviously, over the course of 
time, you have expanded into various different products and segments. But if I were to ask you, 
is there a predominant way you charge your clients like, either it be employee hour basis or in 
terms of some metric of how they use your software, how do you charge your client, is there 
one answer or would there be multiple answers? 
Ashish Rai: 
So, there would be multiple answers depending on what IP that is. But typically, I would say for 
the banking software side, there are two models that we sell largely, which should apply to like 
80% of the business. We sell term licenses, where we charge a one-off license fee, and then 
people pay AMCs. And the second is the subscription model, where both the license and the 
AMC would combine into one stream. So, typically, let's say, if you signed a $6 million  five-year 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       October 22nd, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 15 
TCO deal, typically one third of it would be license revenue. So, $2 million is licensed revenue, 
paid either upfront or paid over five installments over five years. The second is maintenance 
revenue, which is typically 20% so that's another $2 million over five years, so $400,000 per 
year for five years. And then the third is implementation fee of $2 million is typically a project 
that gets done over 12 to 18 months on average. Now these are like broad thumb rules. There 
are some other models in banking which are smaller in revenue terms, especially consumption-
based models, where for example we sell an API call, and we are charging per API call, but those 
are not, I would not say that huge from a revenue standpoint, but those models also exist 
within the banking world. Yes, that is a predominant way, we have for example on the transit 
side and all we got very long term 10-year, 12 year contracts where there is revenue share and 
things like that. So, it depends on how you are selling IP and sometimes there will be 
transaction driven models. A lot of times it will be license driven models. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hardik Gori from Alpha Plus Capital Associates. 
Please go ahead. 
Hardik Gori: 
What is the current mix of TIG between Smart mobility and Data center? 
Ashish Rai: 
Okay. So, TIG I would sort of put three slices to it. So, till last year, each of those were probably 
1/3rd each so you have smart mobility, which is essentially the open loop transit payments stack 
that we that we sell. The second is data center and hybrid cloud, that is the second slice. Most 
of it is hybrid cloud is basically around our own applications by and large and data center is 
where we design and program manage the build of data centers. And the third slice is smart 
cities / government technology work that we do. I would say this year the mix is, so last year, 
it was probably a third each out of the 45% that goes on the TIG side. This year, I would say the 
smart city side is totally going to be a little bit smaller, so it's more like, I would say 35, 40 and 
so they are about 20, 25 on the smart city side. So, that's roughly the mix. 
Hardik Gore: 
Okay. And what is it that we are expecting say, in the next three, four years? 
Ashish Rai: 
So over three, four years I do not like giving guidance that far out. And there is a reason for it, 
so the way to look at it is this, we have a stated Vision 2030, externally there is a qualitative 
view that we publish, which says in each of the spaces that we are in, we want to be a top three 
global player, internally we have a quantitative number against each of those. The reason that 
quantitative number is not very important over a three-to-four-year horizon is, we will keep on 
calibrating the growth as we go. Typically, the business as a whole we are saying we grow in 
the range of 30% that's what we have done for the last four years. That's what we feel like we 
can keep on doing for a long time. But inside it, we will keep on changing the pace at which 
businesses grow, because in the product business it's fundamentally very risky to keep your 
foot on the pedal all the time. What really happens in the service business, if I want to sort of 
grow 100% I double the number of people who have the right skill set, if the job is largely done, 
you of course need to do the projects. In the product business, if you try and grow too fast, 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       October 22nd, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 15 
there are lots of interconnected pieces. Some pieces will break if you go too fast. So, we will 
keep on resetting the sort of growth. So, banking, for example, last two years was growing a 
lot slower, 15% last year, 30%, 15% the year before, because we said we want to focus on 
product build outs, we don't want to grow, now it’s growing at 51%. TIG was growing at 55% 
the year before, last year 33%, this year we slowed it down even more because we say we want 
to focus on some IP build outs we want to focus on calibrating the business for better 
economics. So, within, so I would not put too much sort of emphasis on sub-segment level 
planning for the next four, five years, we will broadly these are very large basis. If you are a top 
three global player by 2030, obviously you are not growing at 30%, 35% because at 30%, 35% 
the business becomes maybe 4x, maybe 5x over the next five, six years. If you are a top three 
global player, you probably have to be much larger than that. So, we do expect sometime 
between now and 2030 we will hit inflection points for various businesses where we can really 
step up the growth. When that time comes, we will come and talk about it, till that time, I 
would say the enterprise level, we try and target a 30% odd range within that, some businesses 
from the time and time will grow faster, and some businesses will slow down, and we will sort 
of pace it that way. I know it's probably a pretty long winded answer to something which should 
be a pretty straightforward question, but that's the way we think about it at least, hopefully 
that helps. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankush Agarwal from Surge Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ankush Agarwal: 
So, Ashish would be possible for you to share some more bit details on the possible M&A that 
you are alluding to, is it like an operating business that you looking to acquire, or is it like a 
specific IP that you are looking to acquire if you can share? 
Ashish Rai: 
I can't share too many details it's an operating business yet, but I can't share it's sort of a pretty 
complex process, I can't even say we feel confident about doing that. I just mention that 
because there is a question about cash. So, we are always actively in a lot of processes that 
don't really pan out. So, I would not kind of spend too much time on it. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will take this as the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ashish Rai, Vice Chairman and Group CEO for closing comments. 
Ashish Rai: 
So, thanks everyone for taking the time out of your busy days to come and join us on this call. 
There is really no significant changes to what we do, we do more of the same. We focus on 
building the products out, we focus on R&D, we focus on expanding to newer markets, we 
focus on our partnerships. We really value you spending time to try and understand us. I look 
forward to seeing you again next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Aurionpro Solutions Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       October 22nd, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
This Transcript has been slightly edited at few places for clarity and accuracy and may contain transcription 
errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to 
ensure high level of accuracy 
 
