GARWARE HI-TECH FILMS LIMITED 
CORPORATE OFFICE :
GARWARE HOUSE, 50-A, SWAMI NITYANAND MARG 
VILE PARLE (EAST), MUMBAI – 400 057. 
 
TEL: 0091-22-6698 8000 (15 LINES)  
WEBSITE: www.garwarehitechfilms.com 
 
CIN: L10889MH1957PLC010889 
REGD. OFFICE: NAIGAON, P.O. WALUJ,  
CHHATRAPATI SAMBHAJINAGAR – 431 133 (INDIA) 
November 19, 2024 
The Compliance Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Dept., 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001. 
Scrip Code: 500655 
The Manager, Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051. 
Trading Symbol: GRWRHITECH 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on Unaudited 
Financial Results / Business Performance of the Company for 
the Quarter and Half year Ended September 30, 2024. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Conference 
Call, held on, Friday, November 15, 2024, at 12:00 Noon (IST). 
The aforesaid transcript is also available on the website of the Company: 
https://www.garwarehitechfilms.com. 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
______________________________ 
Awaneesh Srivastava 
Company Secretary  
FCS 8513 
Encl.: As stated above. 
AWANEESH 
KUMAR 
SRIVASTAVA
Digitally signed by 
AWANEESH KUMAR 
SRIVASTAVA 
Date: 2024.11.19 14:19:05 
+05'30'

 
 
 
"Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited's Q2 FY'25 Results 
Conference Call” 
 
November 15, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. M. S. ADSUL – TECHNICAL DIRECTOR 
 
MR. DEEPAK JOSHI – DIRECTOR, SALES AND MARKETING 
 
MR. A. VENKATARAMAN – SENIOR PRESIDENT, CORPORATE AFFAIRS 
AND FINANCE  
 
MR. ABHISHEK AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
  

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited Q2 FY'25 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikash Verma from EY. Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
Vikash Verma: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Q2 FY'25 Earnings Call for Garware Hi-
Tech Films Limited. 
On behalf of the Company, I would like to express our gratitude to each of you joining the call today. 
To discuss the performance of the Company and to answer the questions, we have with us from the 
Company, Mr. M.S. Adsul, Director - Technical, Mr. Deepak Joshi, Director - Sales and Marketing, 
Mr. A Venkataraman, Senior President - Corporate Affairs and Finance, and Mr. Abhishek Agarwal, 
the Chief Financial Officer. 
Before we begin, I would like to draw your attention to the fact that today's discussion may contain 
forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other factors which 
will be beyond management's control. We kindly request that you bear in mind that there may be 
uncertainties when interpreting such statements. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
We will now start the session with the Opening Remarks from the Management Team, afterwards, 
we will open the floor for an Interactive Q&A Session. I would now like to invite Mr. Deepak Joshi 
to make his Opening Remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you, Vikash, and thank you all for joining us today to 
review Garware Hi-Tech Films Financial Performance for the 2nd Quarter and Half Year ended 
FY'25 ending on September 30, 2024. We appreciate your continued interest and support. 
Following a record setting 1st Quarter, I am delighted to report that GHFL has sustained its upward 
trajectory in Q2 FY'25, further building on the strong foundation laid earlier this year. Despite the 
challenging global economic environment, we have managed to achieve new heights, not only 
meeting, but exceeding several of our ambitious targets across key performance metrics. 
We continue to carry forward the momentum from Q1 into Q2, making a steady and promising start 
to the financial year 2025. This quarter we achieved a new record with consolidated revenue of INR 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
620.6 crores, surpassing the previous quarter's results. This was supported by the ongoing operational 
improvements and sale of value-added products. 
Additionally, for the first time, our quarterly PAT has crossed the INR 100 crores threshold reaching 
INR 104.3 crores. This milestone highlights our ongoing commitment to growth and operational 
excellence. Although marketing costs may continue in the short run to medium term, these 
investments are important for our growth strategy and are expected to fortify our market presence in 
the long run. 
Now, let me give you more insights into our product divisions. Our Solar Control Films continue to 
show excellent performance achieving increased revenues compared to Q1. The growth is also 
attributed to our recent product innovations such as Spectra Pro and DecoVista Series, which have 
gained even wider acceptance and popularity in Q2. 
With our growing presence in the new markets and ongoing focus on digital engagement, we are 
broadening our reach and establishing GHFL as a leading force in the automotive and architectural 
film segments. 
Moving to Paint Protection Films, we witnessed a strong demand momentum from our PPF products 
including our Titanium, Matte, White and Black Series. This segment continues to operate at a high 
capacity to meet both domestic and international demand. 
I am happy to announce that we have launched whole new series of Colored PPF in SEMA Show in 
Vegas, which got a great traction for auto and the CS. 
As previously announced, our new PPF production line with an annual capacity of 300 lakh square 
feet is progressing as planned and we are on track to commence commercial production by Q2 FY'26. 
This added capacity is anticipated to strengthen our market position and revenue potential in the 
global PPF sector. 
In our Industrial Product Division, Q2 brought a steady recovery, supported by a strong demand for 
Specialty Films such as Leading Films, PCR and Floatable Shrink Films. These high margin products 
have contributed to our profitability, allowing us to serve premium customers while maintaining 
operational efficiency. 
Our focus on high quality sustainable solutions has positioned us well within the specialty film 
industry. We at Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited place a strong emphasis on innovation, quality and 
sustainability, which serve as the foundation of our strategy. 
We have continued to invest in R&D and process improvements to ensure that our product offerings 
remain aligned with the highest industry standards and emerging trends. Our expanding distribution 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
network enables us to cater to an even broader range of customer needs worldwide. Looking forward, 
we remain confident in our ability to sustain and expand our growth achieved thus so far. Our diverse 
product portfolio, targeted capital investments, strategic market expansion initiatives, equip us to 
drive continued revenue and profitability gains in the quarters ahead. With steady market demand 
and our strategic initiatives in place, we are optimistic about delivering continuous performance 
improvements in the quarters to come. 
Thank you once again for your time today and for the continuous trust in Garware Hi-Tech Films 
Limited. With this, I now request Mr. Abhishek Agarwal, our CFO, to take us through the Highlights 
of the Financial Performance. Over to you, Abhishek. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Thank you, Deepak, and good afternoon to everyone on the call. 
I am pleased to report that Q2 and H1 FY'25 has built further solid start to the year with improved 
financial performance across all metrices. In Q2, we achieved a consolidated revenue of INR 620.6 
crores, reflecting year-on-year growth of 56.3% and a quarter-on-quarter growth of 30.8% driven by 
continued demand in our SCF and PPF segments. 
The steady demand for our value-added products remains a core contributor, while IPD has also 
shown positive developments carrying forward the momentum from Q1 and benefiting from our 
focus on high margin specialty products. The focus on premium and innovative offerings has helped 
us to maintain a competitive edge and capture more market share. 
EBITDA for Q2 reached INR 150.5 crores, representing significant year-on-year growth of 103.3% 
and quarter-on-quarter growth of 15.8%. This increase reflects the impact of a high-end product mix, 
expansion to newer geographies and ongoing process improvements that have enhanced operational 
efficiencies. Profit before tax for the quarter stood at INR 138.1 crores, showing an impressive growth 
of 127.7% year-on-year and 17.5% quarter-on-quarter. 
Our PPF and SCF business maintained its growth trajectory by growing 67% and 64% year-on-year 
respectively. This quarter, our IPD business also showed a sharp growth and grew 30% year-on-year. 
Our PAT also experienced strong growth reaching INR 104.3 crores with 127.1% year-on-year and 
18% quarter-on-quarter increase, benefiting from an enhanced mix of high margin products in our 
portfolio. 
Exports continue to perform well, comprising approximately 81.3% of Q2 revenue. With value added 
products making up around 88% of the segment. Highlighting our expanding global presence, our 
export mix has been instrumental in sustaining this growth trajectory. 
We are pleased to report that our cash reserves now stand at INR 544 crores as of September 30th, 
2024, with zero net debt, positioning us well to advance our strategic projects. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
We are progressing as planned with the new PPF production line and this investment will 
significantly expand our capacity to meet the projected demand. 
Looking forward, we remain confident that our initiatives will continue to bring measurable 
improvements in our financial performance. 
With this, I turn the call over to the moderator for the Q&A Session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of Priyam 
Khimawat from ASK Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Priyam Khimawat: 
I just wanted to understand our strategy going forward on Garware Application Studios. Right now, 
we are at around 160-odd. What would be the strategy for the next two to three years on this part of 
the business? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So, as you said, we are close to 160 as of now and our initial target was to reach to 200. But looking 
into the demand from our channel partners that they would like to participate in this growth strategy, 
so we will not stop at 200 level, because right now the PPF growth is coming from Tier-2 and Tier-
3 cities also. So, the next line of growth we are seeing from these cities which are like Tier-2 and 
Tier-3. So, I can say that we will continue to grow in this segment of Garware Application Studios. 
Priyam Khimawat: 
Because with the new line coming in from next year, I believe there's immense potential for us to 
grow this faster. And apart from that new line which is coming next year, any other expansion are 
we planning or any other new products which we are looking to enter into? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, as our focus has always been a player which is more focused on new products and qualitative 
output. So, as I spoke in our opening address that we have launched Colored PPF Series, the 
Company's target is to take the market share from companies like Tesla, who has started supplying 
their cyber trucks in stainless steel bodies, means there is no color in those trucks. So, we could see 
a lot of attraction toward our colors and that can be going forward a very different business where 
cars may come because this is started by Tesla, more companies can come without paint to the 
market, and this can be a big business for colored PPF. That's one of the strategies. Similarly, we 
have many more things which are in pipeline which we are going to declare as and when things 
progress. 
Priyam Khimawat: 
Lastly, we were expecting to achieve INR 2,000-odd crores revenue this year. I believe we will 
surpass that significantly this year itself and next year we are envisaging around INR 2,500 crores of 
revenue with the new line coming up. Are we sticking to that guidance or do you believe that there 
is significant upside risk considering the kind of demand which we are seeing in our products? 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
Deepak Joshi: 
We are confident that we can beat that, but there are certain geopolitical things which we are always 
aware in our consideration. So, that is moderate, but we would like to stick to that. 
Priyam Khimawat:             Should we assume a 25% EBITDA margin going forward for this business or do you believe that 
there's upside, downside risk to this number? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Actually, the guideline like we gave last time, we try to maintain 25% (+/-3%) because this is the 
seasonal product, and the product mix makes a lot of difference. So, the number which come is 
usually you will see due to Q3 being a little low season for us and Q4 being the preparation for a high 
season, so we'll see that product mix a little down and then go up. So, overall, we plan, or we target 
to be 25% plus/minus 3%, within that range. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Gupta: 
My first question is on the QoQ growth in revenue that we have seen from almost INR 475 crores to 
INR 621 crores in this quarter. I was looking at the break-up that you have given in the presentation, 
and I think most of the growth has come from our CPD segment, which has grown from around INR 
318 crores to INR 441 crores. So, is it Sun Control Films which have driven this growth on a QoQ 
basis or it's the PPF which has driven this delta of around INR 120 crores that we've seen in this 
quarter? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, first of all, this is a good question in view that first time we have crossed 70% threshold for CPD 
business, Sun Control and PPF. So, that is 71% of CPD and 29% of IPD. In that particular segment, 
more growth I think has come from PPF, because Q2 goes towards a lower season for Sun Control 
but still the growth in Sun Control has also been there but more growth has come from PPF segment. 
Ankit Gupta: 
I was also looking at the geographical breakup of our revenues and the growth is also driven more 
by the North American sales. So, is it more of our branded sales which has driven this delta or is it 
the third-party manufacturing that we do for the other players? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So, on North America, from 48%, we have gone up to 54.5%, close to 55% and that is very well 
directed. It is as per our wish we are moving higher and higher in American market because that is 
like we try to maintain our EBITDA margins to higher levels and this market is our premium market. 
So, this is a directed growth. Now, growth has come in both the segments. Primarily we are putting 
more efforts towards Global brand sales like a recent SEMA Show also we could see the attraction 
towards Global brand. So, Garware and Global brands both we are putting lot of efforts and growth 
is coming from that particular segment. But of course, when we are growing with this pace, so white 
box customers are also growing fast. So, it is coming from both the segments. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Given Q3 and Q4 are relatively leaner quarter for Sun Control Films, do you think the PPF sales 
which we have done in this quarter is actually like it is possible that we can maintain this base or 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
even grow from here on the PPF segment and normally a significant decline in revenues that we used 
to see in Q3 but in this financial year Q3 and Q4 might also see significant jump in revenues given 
how PPF is doing for us? 
Deepak Joshi: 
When we say, I mean, lean season, so actually in Q4, which is when we talk of February and March, 
they are pretty good season for us because then it's a preparation for the coming season. So, Q4 is 
definitely we always expect to be stronger, not weaker. Q3 definitely is a low season because Sun 
Control there is hardly any sun in our primary market. So, then we see a little drop in our sales in Q3, 
which is very standard phenomena, but PPF is not directly affected by that. So, I can say it will be 
more or less stable in Q3, but Q4 with the CPD division coming back, so we expect a strong Q4 for 
us. For us, it's a seasonality mainly hits Q3, not Q4. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Because last year if I look at it, maybe we were just coming out of the issues that were there in the 
Sun Control Films on the inventory side because Q3 we saw QoQ growth last year, but maybe this 
year the base is very high, so we might see some drop here. 
Deepak Joshi: 
You are pretty right here, pretty direct, but since the growth has been in H1, we have shown 
outstanding growth. So, base is quite high. But the Company is still targeting further growth from 
here, if not in Q3, then Q4 definitely, we are trying big sequential numbers as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vivek Gautam from GS Investment. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Gautam: 
My question is regarding the opportunity size and the expected growth rate our Company can have 
in Indian and export market especially we are seeing of the auto slowdown especially in the West 
and any impact it's having on it on us and growing number of Ola, Uber cars also is having any 
impact on our prospects? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So, thank you, Mr. Vivek for your kind words on our performance. Now, that is really unfortunate 
that in India we are seeing only 0.5% or kind of no growth in auto segment, US is exactly same, no 
growth 0.5% growth, which is almost nothing, and in Europe kind of degrowth in auto sector till Q2, 
another thing there is a geopolitical tension which is quite strong or prevalent in the market for first 
half. But despite all the challenges we have come over that and we did this kind of performance. 
Going forward, the only challenge we are seeing right now is the seasonality in Q3 and rest of the 
things we have been telling our team if the global scenario has been that tough but we have performed 
so well. So, when they are conducive to us, I think we can do much better than that. So, I would like 
to say this much only to this. 
Vivek Gautam: 
And for the word on the Architectural Films in India, how is the opportunity for that. And what are 
the R&D initiatives you are having? And I believe R&D is our major hidden strengths, more sort of 
a thing which is helping us out a lot after investment of 10 years. So, congratulations to Mr. Adsul 
and whole team, sir. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
Deepak Joshi: 
So, architectural actually in the past as I have always been saying, in automotive, we are very strong, 
but since last 1.5 years we are putting lot of efforts in architectural and the example of that Spectrally 
Selective Film which has been the key leader in our portfolio, which is like parameter of that which 
I discussed in recent American visit and where it is something which is a game changer for us and 
that product is really doing well in Europe and it has started doing well in America, and in India also 
we have launched this product, and at the same time we have another series which is DecoVista 
Series. So, Spectra Pro and DecoVista, these were launched last year, especially for the architectural 
segment. And other than that, we have Security Films which are taking interest from all around the 
world. So, when we talk of architectural, the complete range is there since last one year, and with 
sustained efforts in terms of marketing hirings, marketing initiatives in digital media and a complete 
product portfolio, we are doing good and I can say the internal assessment compared to year-on-year 
basis, we are running at 100% growth rate in architectural segment. 
Vivek Gautam: 
Lastly, sir, on the industrial product range, I think our sector has also started doing well, all the 
companies like Polyplex, Jindal, etc., also coming up with that good number. So, what changed over 
there and so that growth rate is also expected to help us out and expected to remain strong for how 
long, because that's a cyclical sort of a thing? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So, IPD, like we explained that it did better than last year, but another factor is that IPD used to be 
like more than 50% for us three, four years back and we have been continuously reducing our 
dependence on that. So, right now our CPD has gone to 71% and IPD is only 29%. In that 29%, 
definitely we are doing better; margins have improved, but if you really see, we have always wanted 
to go away from commodity market, we only wanted to stick to our base strong fundamental R&D 
products which are like Shrink Films Floatable Shrink Films, APR Films and PCR Films in Shrink 
Films, and then the various different kind of Lidding Films and Low Oligomer Films, which are for 
Electric Grade Films. So, not on the real commodity where market may go up and down, but if you 
really see last two, three years, the peers when we are talking, they were really, really low, some 
people went negative also, but we continued to grow on that because we have always been believing 
that we will only be serving to specialty where we can give some special kind of a product to the 
market, which are delivered by our new product and R&D team. So, our focus will continue to do. 
We will not be disturbed by certain good market on commodity, and we rush to that. We will continue 
our efforts to our specialty, and we'll produce something as a leader which people will follow, we 
will not follow the commodity segment. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshay Shah from Kris PMS. Please go ahead. 
Axay Shah: 
Now I want to understand your thoughts on President Trump coming in America. How did it impact 
our business? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, today morning I came from America. So, I can understand the feeling there. More people asking 
the question what could be the impact of the regime change in US. We are more optimistic than any 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
other country. Our biggest competitor is China. Though we do not directly compete when we talk of 
the triangle, we serve at the top of the top range, whereas Chinese are at the bottom. But when the 
regime changes, there might be more duties towards China market. That's our expectation. See, we 
can't comment as of now what will happen, but the chances of getting better impact than negative. 
Axay Shah: 
He may impose 10% duty on every product from Garware. So, will it impact our demand/supply 
situation? 
Deepak Joshi: 
There may be some couple of percentage here and there won't make much of a difference. Like I 
said, this is a very different series where margins to distributors and dealers are in a good shape, right. 
So, the real impact will be the guys who are like selling at a very low prices like as I gave example 
of Chinese players who sell almost one-tenth or one-fifth of our prices, right? Their strategy to gain 
the market is the price-sensitive, means they only want to sell the low, low, low product. If their duty, 
which is currently 25%, goes to 50%, will affect them badly, whereas for us if it's a 2% 3%, 5% here 
and there, might not affect. But we don't know this is a geopolitical thing. The government to decide 
like how they are going ahead. We will frame our strategy based on what is the outcome. But as of 
now, we don't see that negative to us. 
Axay Shah: 
And exports grew very much for us in Q2, almost 40%. So, how do we see it panning out going 
ahead? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, as I said, Q3 will definitely be a lower in terms of seasonality, right. But again, in preparation 
of coming season, so it will again pick up in Q4. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
In the last four quarters, the Paint Protection Film has become one-third of our sales, and it has come 
from nowhere. So, going forward, I mean, Sun Control Film and this will remain core for us. But any 
other new product do you think which has the potential that we plan to launch maybe over the next 
two, three years can become as dominant as Paint Protection Film? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, there are products which we are working, but that will come out once we are confident of this 
quality and all those things because our product life cycle, I mean, the testing of weathering and all 
takes long. So, they will definitely come. We select some out of many. But in paint protection film 
like we have come from nowhere like four years back, nobody knew about PPF in India. Now, the 
growth has been pretty strong. And with the launch of like Titanium that is really doing good for us 
and recent launch of Colored PPF that will take the market from current 2% to maybe 10% level. So, 
we still see the upside of five times in PPF in India. That may take its own time, but with the growth 
of Garware Application Studios and the sales strategy which we have now, definitely we see a big 
upside in Paint Protection Films. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sir, what is the current utilization in both Sun Control Film and the Paint Protection Film? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So, Sun Control worked almost 100% in Q2, and Paint Protection went I think 135% range. It goes 
up and down. I mean it cannot remain stable each month, but depending on the load on other lines 
on sun-control lines and PPF line we switch the fungible lines. But they were pretty much occupied 
and PPF was running beyond capacity. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Any white labeling major opportunities available, can we supply some of the products that we are 
manufacturing to our major global competitors maybe 3M kind of players? 
Deepak Joshi: 
This is a strategic question. Of course, we do white labeling, and we do many different, different 
products, right? Of course, we can't name any of the manufacturer here because of the specific 
confidentiality agreement with our customers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankush Agrawal from Surge Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Firstly, sir, on the Architectural Films business, I want to understand the distribution part of it. Is it 
mostly like a direct sales business which is bulky in nature? And if so, would it have a much higher 
margin than say SCF and PPF? 
Deepak Joshi: 
In architectural business, there are two models. One is the standard distribution model, but that model 
only works for a smaller scale sales like some housing and all those things. The typical nature of 
these products are the qualification to big architects, big brand owners, like I'll just give you example, 
if you want to do some airports, so you need like your qualification in Airport Authority of India. 
Today only, we got a very good news that one of the leading Indian hotel manufacturers qualified 
the product. While when we talk of qualification, that means it should have the certification required 
by each and every brand owner or architect or PMS. But that certification normally done by 
European, UK or American standard. So, after the qualification, like these project teams, they directly 
get quotes from the Company, right, for the project and that is how it is supplied, right? So, one 
model is simple like automotive, where you give your distribution, and they put some safety films or 
other films into any building. Another one, the bigger one, where we talk like we showed last time, 
the Central Bank of Brazil, we won the product against the world's best chemical company and then 
another peer name which somebody just thought, we won that project against those guys. So, similar 
big projects which like do the entire building or the chain of buildings. So, their qualification is 
important. That's why we have a dedicated team which works only on the architectural segment and 
this team was formed almost a year ago, which is performing well and the same model we are 
applying to European market and the US market. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
So, generally speaking, would architecture be a higher margin business? I mean, obviously there's a 
host of products within, say, PPF, SCF and within architecture also there would be a different lines 
of products, but generally speaking is it a high? 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, margins are more or less similar. These products are actually expensive. If we really see because 
their technology is a bit different, the nature of the product because they are the stable buildings, they 
see the sunshine all the time, so, we need a different kind of properties which help the building to run 
longer. So, of course, margins are slightly better, but the products are expensive also. So, that's why 
the higher margin means a lot big price to the customer. But definitely these are like one of the top 
of the top range products for us. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Second question that I wanted to understand was the quarterly variation in our gross margin. So, last 
quarter, the gross margin was 53%, this quarter 44%. You did allude last quarter is because of change 
in product mix between PPF and SCF. But I mean, if I look at the overall contribution of CPD 
business, which is higher this quarter versus say YoY also, but still the gross margins are similar at 
around 44%. So, wanted to understand is the product mix itself is such a big differentiator that leads 
to such high variation in gross margins or there is something more to it and how should one look at 
the stable steady state how much will you be able to do? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Actually, it depends on the product mix and as you rightly said what happens is when it was a peak 
summer in Q1, then at that time, like IR products which are like the highest margin products, so their 
sales rises in the Q1. In Q2 we saw a big jump in the sale of PPF and there was a growth in Window 
Films as well. Window Film which comprises of Auto and Architectural. So, when you see the 
growth was definitely there in both the product lines, but there was a higher growth in PPF. So, PPF 
price being very high and IR product as a base being low, so we see that product mix making that 
change which is 27%, went down to 24.5%. But we exactly can't control month-on-month on product 
basis, but this is basically a direct reflection of product mix. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
So, in that sense, Q3 would have the lowest gross margin because like the seasonally lower quarter 
with lower share of SCF, would likely be of understanding? 
Deepak Joshi: 
For the year, like we have given the guideline like 25 plus/minus 3% in quarters and overall numbers 
I think slightly better closer to that number. But very fine management becomes difficult because the 
market keep on changing, like our biggest market in the US, they keep changing every quarter of the 
requirement and this is based on the seasonality they require different products into different seasons, 
right? So, overall guidelines will remain the same between the 25 plus/minus 3%. So, it will range 
from 22% to 28% anywhere. So, Q3 might be a little low, but again as I said, in Q4, we will get it 
back. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shrinjana Mittal from RatnaTraya. Please go ahead. 
Shrinjana Mittal: 
Just had a couple of questions. Can you help us give some number on the Sun Control Films and the 
PPF Films, like what is the growth percentage year-on-year? You did mention that PPF has seen a 
higher growth, but can you share some number on that year-on-year or sequentially what is the 
growth be like? 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
Deepak Joshi: 
So, YoY Sun Control growth has been 64% and PPF growth has been 67%. 
Shrinjana Mittal: 
On the Architecture Films, what is the current share like as a percentage of sales? 
Deepak Joshi: 
When we started the campaign. it was like around 15%, that it went to 20%, right now we are 
estimating that around 25%. I am using the word estimation because there are some products which 
go into both segments. It's very difficult to bifurcate them. But based on the nature of like Spectrally 
Selective Films and those kind of films, so we are estimating it around 25% as of now. So, from 15% 
it has gone to 25% now. 
Shrinjana Mittal: 
That is as a percentage of overall sales or just the – 
Deepak Joshi: 
It's a percentage of our Sun Control Films. 
Shrinjana Mittal: 
Architecture currently it's largely exports, right? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes, it's largely. So, I can tell you, it's a European market than India market and then developing into 
U.S. market. So, it's bifurcated. In India also it is doing quite well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vinay Nadkarni from Hathway Investments. Please go ahead. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Just two questions. One is on the sales growth that you have achieved in this quarter, how much of it 
is volume-driven and how much is value? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Because when we are seeing them, it's again depends on the product mix. So, definitely it will be 
more of a volume-driven, because prices only then the product mix changes, otherwise we are seeing 
lot of volatility into the market. So, I mean, the absolute number pricing per unit may not change. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Secondly, in the Sun Control Film, since it's such a high margin business for us, is it possible to tap 
into the southern hemisphere for Q2 and Q3 in order to gain business or Q3 and Q4? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, that's perfect, but you can also see the size of the market in USA and there is hardly any southern 
hemisphere in USA, it's more on Latin America Australia and New Zealand business, right. We are 
aware of the fact, and we actually do lot of sales in those southern hemisphere during Q3. But if you 
see the size of market you can't compare. The number one market is in low season. Definitely, we do 
lot of sales during this period in ANZ and South America or to some extent in Africa. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Lastly, just one is on the market share. Since your growth has come in automotive sector in PPF, then 
the automotive sector itself has not grown so much, so is it because it's a new product and new 
acceptance or is it that you have gained because there's nobody else in this business? 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
Deepak Joshi: 
No, there is no one else is not a thing, because you see there are maybe more than 50 players in China 
and Korea. So, we have grown because of our quality, our consistency and our consistent marketing 
efforts, and in India actually we have created the market by training, the people like we have trained 
more than 800 applicators, then providing the place for the market, which is Garware Application 
Studios and lastly, giving market the product as per the requirement which is lifetime warranty, 10-
year warranty, five-year warranty and three-year warranty. So, we have captured the entire market 
by giving all range of products to all kind of customers, and of course. like I said, the facilitator being 
the applicators and the application studios. So, it's not easy to get a new product just by selling. We 
need to have a proper strategy like how it will work into the market. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
This can also be used in the used car business? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes, there are some products which are doing for the used car market now that we will maybe launch 
pretty soon, which will be like a very maybe different products. We are working on many options 
like we take feedbacks, we have our brand ambassadors everywhere in the market like these 800-
plus applicator whom we have trained, so we are getting feedback from then, we have our sales team, 
then we have marketing agencies which do all those things like what should be done, how to grow 
into the market and what should be the pricing strategy for entire spectrum of the customer range. 
So, these all things we do before we take any action on that.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prit Nagarsheth from Wealth Finvisor. Please go ahead. 
Prit Nagarsheth: 
One thing I wanted to understand was that how was the situation during the last time Trump was the 
President and tariffs were put in? Did you see a shift in your product improvement for you based on 
the theory you mentioned that the lower end Chinese products would find it hard to survive and was 
there an increase in business for you guys at that point in time? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Last time actually it was much talk, but nothing actually happened on the ground. But as we are 
continuously growing into that market and our partners are quite strong there. If you compare to last 
year, then nothing changes like but we don't know because this time it is more of a serious rhetoric 
or I would not use the word rhetoric, I mean, serious discussions going on. So, I mean, if you really 
see this time, I mean, nobody knows. I mean, I spoke to many people, including the leaders in that 
industry, in fact, some of them have kind of representation, we are members of the top bodies there 
and they have a representation over there as well, because they all want a stable duty for them. 
Because there are a lot of talks, if their duties are increased arbitrarily, then a lot of inflation will go 
up, which is against the idea of… they have announced that the primary thing would be increased 
tariff, reduce taxes, income tax and all, but at the same time, control the inflation right away from the 
taking oath on January 6th. So, if that more tariffs are there, then definitely the inflation is going to 
go really high for them. So, all those discussions are going on. So, we don't know what will happen, 
but it looks like as I said, we hope for more positive than negative because we have like industrial 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
product is also doing good there and the market participants believe that it will be more good than 
bad to us. 
Prit Nagarsheth: 
So, just continuing on this question, when we sell in the Northern American market at a quality level, 
you're saying that there are people who are on par with us because they are the highest quality there, 
right. So, there will be some North American manufacturer who is on par or maybe better than us in 
quality, could that be a case here? 
Deepak Joshi: 
There is a wide range of products. When we talk of automotive segment, then our products are 
considered to be on the top line. So, there is no better than that because the base what we make is 
very solid and our nano dispersion is also quite strong. So, our film basis are stable, this IR which 
really affects the heat rejection, that is also strong. So, our quality is the best quality and people are 
at par, of course when you talk to the Company which is a big chemical Company, so we are at par 
with them. 
Prit Nagarsheth: 
And at the price level are we say below them, or do we sell on similar pricing as them? 
Deepak Joshi: 
We are little lower because they are the local player there and they have a strategy which is sometimes 
direct to the customers, but for us with our sales force and everything, our route is through distributor 
and sometimes because of the volume and the white boxes, people tend to sell little lower, but that 
lower means I would be around 10-15%, I would say around 10%. 
Prit Nagarsheth: 
The reason I was asking all of this is because if the duties come in and they are, say, 10%, 15%, 20% 
or more, then would it make the local players competitive versus what we provide, right? That's the 
line I was trying to better understand. 
Deepak Joshi: 
But as I said, see, the decision will happen on the larger scale where if you talk of window film 
market, which is very minuscule as compared to the broader imports from China and Asia, right. So, 
based on that like consideration on window film is not going to be there, but if there is a structural 
change of 4% or 5% as I said that doesn't do much impact to us because we might gain more volumes 
if the duties are put to our counterparts in other countries. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Guneet from Counter Cyclical PMS. Please go ahead. 
Guneet: 
I would like to understand, can we consider the INR 600 crores plus quarterly revenues to be the run 
rate going forward? I understand that in Q3 we might see a very downside variation of about 10% to 
15% because of seasonality, but for the rest of the quarters, can we consider this as the run rate going 
forward? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Like I said, the Q3 is a seasonality, but Q4 should be back. So, we hope that Q4 will be the similar 
one. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
Guneet: 
Sir, you mentioned that the growth in Q2 is mostly driven by increase in volumes, but in Q1 you 
mentioned that most of our lines were running at 100% capacity. So, I just like to understand, how 
were we able to increase our volume when we were already running at full capacity? Also, sir, what 
is our maximum revenue potential, our current capacity and with the new line coming in Q2 FY'26, 
what would be the additional peak revenues from that line? And also, sir, are there any SCF, PPF 
lines coming in, in Mexico, do you have any idea about that? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So, I think a lot of questions there. So, if I miss anything, please ask again. So, #1 is, how we were 
able to do like more volumes in Q2 as compared to Q1. So, more volumes means I said it also depends 
on the product mix. So, if you see PPF prices are like in absolute terms, they are like 3-4 times higher 
than the Sun Control lines, right? So, the growth has been slightly higher on PPF means your revenues 
will go up. But since when you are doing less of IR products then the margins will definitely go 
down. So, your questions are both answered with that way, like revenue went high because of our 
strong growth on PPF and I mean EBITDA margin slightly lower because of less of IR sales in 
Window Films. So, that's the reason of Q1 versus Q2. So, we have lot of fungible capacities which 
we use based on seasonality or whichever product is selling more. So, that's how we use it. Now, 
third question is how much is PPF going to increase. The revenue increase will be around INR 450 
to 500 crores when the new line runs at full capacity, but normally we have a ramp up plan. We 
normally do better than that, but there will be like stepwise utilization of that line. INR 450 to 500 
crores top line. 
Guneet: 
Are there any PPF or SCF plants coming up in Mexico? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes, actually I have not heard of that. We have all the data and all. But again, even if it is coming, 
that does not make much of difference for us, because there is no dearth of capacities in the world, 
like if you see China, I can easily see more than 70 players in Chinese market, right. So, the real 
difference comes from the quality of the product, because this product is really, really very difficult 
to make, right? So, we don't normally see as a challenge unless it is put by one of the top five players 
in the world. 
Guneet: 
I think you're doing great with your organic growth, and I would just request you to stick to that and 
not do any inorganic acquisition because I think you've done a great job in this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Puneet Mittal from Fort Capital Advisory Limited. Please go 
ahead. 
Puneet Mittal: 
I have just two questions. First question is, I am just trying to connect the dots on what you said. One 
is that Q3 you said Sun Control Films has lower season, but there's no seasonality in PPF. Second, 
you said that you are using the capacity of PPF to 125%. And the third you said that it's all fungible. 
So, are you planning to move the Sun Control Films lines to PPF for Q3 if not for selling in Q3 but 
to cope up with the demand and create an inventory for Q4? 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
Deepak Joshi: 
So, we do that, you are 100% right that we have fungible thing and plus we plan more in Q3 for Q4, 
but that will not come into numbers, no. So, that is definitely being done because we plan for six 
months ahead. So, I mean, with the forecast from customers, distributors in all, so we see a good 
forecast in the near term as well. But only thing is because of the seasonality, we can't dump the 
material in Q3. I'll just ask a simple question like if we go to November and December like the top 
of America like northern part of America is full of snow. So, hardly anybody comes out and puts us 
the Sun Control Films. But there are certain things where the shops are also closed. So, PPF is not a 
seasonal sale but still there are common people who are out of work for at least in the whole of 
December. But having said that, we are quite confident and our guidelines, like we have done 
outstanding in H1 and in H2 mostly Q4, we are expected to go back to very strong numbers and Q3 
will be stable as compared to our YoY and all those things. 
Puneet Mittal: 
Second question is, we are putting up a new capacity of PPF, which naturally takes time, and you 
have explained historically why it takes time to set up. At the same time, you are doing a great job 
of developing the market in India and just like Xpel in the US, you may have a first mover advantage 
here of developing this market. So, the more studios, the more applicators trained, you do get that 
advantage. So, would it not be strategic to develop this more aggressively, both setting up the PPF 
line for future development as well as setting up the gas studios? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So, your question is putting more lines than one? 
Puneet Mittal: 
Yes. So, you are right now plan for one line of 300 lakh PPF. You right now plan for putting up one 
more capacity in FY'26. But would it not be strategic to put up some more line because we do see 
this demand growing and the Indian market which you're doing a great job. 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, we are prepared, like as I said, if you see the growth of world over, the penetration of PPF, if we 
see the China and USA, so we have a headroom available for five times of the growth which takes 
time, but we are growing that and the current line which I said we are already running 35%, 40% 
more than the capacity of 135% to 140% operating rate, so with that, I mean we are able to meet the 
requirements now till the new line comes. And once that is operational so it's a big headroom again 
available for sale in terms of productivity and at the same time we are tapping all the necessary like 
with the gas and others. So, we are aware of the fact that this is important and we assure you that 
nothing will be left like customer or without having the product from our side. So, we are working 
on that. But we do not want to put something which may seem to be unnecessary in future because 
we have a lot of other capacities which are like if I may tell you that we have like five lamination 
lines other than PPF lines. So, there will be like five laminations plus two PPF lines. So, that means 
the seven lines which act as a fungible. So, we have enough capacity available. And in fact, we can 
think of some other expansion in the meantime, which we will update in due course. We are working 
on a lot of options in that. So, we are aware we will not leave any customer as a strategy having less 
capacity and all. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohan Patel from Turtle Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rohan Patel: 
My question is regarding like current quarter like Q2, PPF, we have seen that we have done top line 
of marginally more than INR 200 crores. So, this seems like a one-off because like this is more than 
what we have done like it's twice of H1 FY'24. So, can we take this as a base or we consider that 
there is some seasonality of front loading of some of the sales in it? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, exact numbers can never be told because there are a lot of things which happen in the 
background. There will be some material in the pipeline which goes to our subsidiaries and then sold 
from there. And then of course, there are some similarities. Sometimes there are one of our major 
customers has OEs with them. So, they need more material all of a sudden. But overall, like as I said, 
it definitely will be true because natural growth is coming, we are penetrating to the market, we are 
creating more markets for us, and we are going to the places where we have not been in the past. So, 
exact numbers like cannot be set the base like that, but definitely when I mean like four years in 
making, then we started like first year with like 5% of the capacity only, second year it jumped to 
25%, and the third year it went to 70%, 80%, and now it is running at 135%, 140%. So, the growth 
is very natural. That base I cannot guarantee like this has been set. It might be more than that, but it's 
a very dynamic in terms of the customer base in our key markets and the material which is on the 
waters to USA and European markets. 
Rohan Patel: 
Looking at the growth which we have experienced in CPD division, most of that which has come 
from, as you mentioned, from volume growth. So, have we penetrated any new geographies apart 
from America and Europe that is giving us a new market which we can also penetrate further? 
Deepak Joshi: 
What we have done is like we have like different sales division, which is like domestic sales and then 
U.S. sales and then rest of the world. So, in the rest of the world, we have penetrated to geographies 
which I don't want to name here as a confidentiality sake, but we have added key sales force in five 
new countries and that is like historically a place where you would hardly find our Sun Control sold, 
but PPF is being sold in these areas. And once we have started selling PPF, of course now Sun Control 
is also going. So, there are territories where definitely we have penetrated afresh. 
Rohan Patel: 
Are these international geographies or you are talking about domestic? 
Deepak Joshi: 
I am talking only international, because domestic growth is definitely is quite strong. We started with 
0.1%, then 0.5%, now currently we are around 2% of penetration of Indian market. But as I said, we 
have like five times to go and I think you will appreciate the fact the car sale price in India versus the 
price of PPF, it's a significant cost. So, with a lot of efforts and persuasion, we have been able to 
reach here in PPF. So, you can assume like INR 1 lakh is the average cost for putting a PPF. But we 
are continuously growing, we are seeing the growth on month-on-month basis on PPF. So, 
international market penetration is to new geographies. India market penetration everywhere, initially 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
we did in metros then we did in Tier-1 cities now in Tier-2 cities even going below them as well in 
India market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akash Bachhawat from Narnolia Financial Services. Please go 
ahead. 
Akash Bachhawat: 
So, I do have a few questions regarding capacity utilization and the opportunity in data center. So, I 
was reading an article that in UAE they are using films to insulate data centers from thermal lead. 
So, are we into those kind of films? And on capacity utilization, that we are exceeding beyond 135% 
in PPF. So, how much more sales can we extract from the same capacity until new capacities come 
in? 
M.S. Adsul: 
Can you just repeat? The thermal insulation on a building or -? 
Akash Bachhawat: 
I was reading an article, in UAE, Dubai, they're using insulation films on data centers to protect them 
from external heat. So, are we in those kind of films? So, I just wanted to know on that thing. 
Deepak Joshi: 
That can be a normal Sun Control film also. Like in architectural segment, there are films which the 
solar heat control is quite strong on that. So, if that is the glass, then we are definitely supplying those 
films to UAE as well to all the market. If it is like a building – 
M.S. Adsul: 
If that is on a terrace or a roof of the building, then those are the different things or paints. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes, there are paints as well. But normally when you are talking of data centers then they are usually 
glass buildings because of aesthetics and there definitely these new films, like Spectrally Selective 
Films and Reflective Films are very popular and we are selling them in good quantities. Now on 
utilization, see, the thing is, it's simply a fact that maximum we can go double the capacity by using 
100% of Sun Control because the maximum of a plant is like which we are doing 135% to 140% can 
go to 200%. That's the limit. But to have that limit, we need to have Sun Control lines free for that 
much of capacity and that many orders should also have. Like it's not the magic stick that wherever 
we go, and we get orders, there are lot of efforts, market development and all those activities are 
concerned. But if the question was like how much can we go before the new line can come? It can 
go to 200% provided we have that much orders, provided Sun Control fungibility is available to that. 
So, these are like notional questions but with the rider I answered your question. 
Akash Bachhawat: 
This is just a follow up sir. So, if there is the realization in EPS is 3x to 2x of SCF and we are seeing 
much more traction in PPF in Q2 and even in Q1 your analysis was except in Q1, in Q2 PPF we have 
seen lot of traction in it. So, if we extrapolate it in Q3, will the realization help in compensate the 
loss of sales in SCF in Q3? 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
Deepak Joshi: 
I think the facts are not correct here. So, PPF absolute margins are higher, but if you talk of percentage 
terms, Sun Control high end IR products are at the top level, right. We do not disclose them like exact 
number. So, the top-quality products of Sun Control in terms of percentage, they are #1 to us and 
PPF capacity is lower. When you make PPF, it is not at the same rate we can make Sun Control, 
right? So, we do all the bits and pieces. I can assure you like that we do every bit to enhance our sales 
and profitability. But when there is the issue of seasonality, yes, we can't do anything, right, but 
definitely overall the year is going to be really, really good, and the strong sales we expect right now 
from Q4 and Q3 is also I mean it will be decent. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karthi from Suyash Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Karthi: 
I had one question and two clarifications to seek. Can you elaborate on the business development 
process for Colored PPF? I am not very sure whether you will go through the OEM route or will 
there be a different model for this. And the clarifications I just plug in immediately. One is on the 
India branded business. What is the current revenue and what is the target let's over a two, three-year 
timeframe? 
Deepak Joshi: 
On colored PPF, it's a need of car for some particular OEs. Of course, we are not direct there because 
one of our big distributors is supplying to them. So, the route, the number one is to distributor who 
is supplying to them. And second, we will directly penetrate to the market by way of like we supply 
now the complete range of PPF from Titanium which is lifetime warranty to eight years warranty to 
five years and to three years. So, this will go with the similar route when we supply the Matte PPF 
and Black PPF and all those things, right? So, we already are into colors which were limited to black 
and white. Now, there are many colors which we have added to that portfolio. So, it will go to one 
route through our distributor to OE. Another route will be like to the market where it will go to 
different stages. 
Karthi: 
And in India also would you follow the same route, sir as in the distributor route or for an Indian OE 
would you be directly -? 
Deepak Joshi: 
In India, we have like already a partnership with Mahindra where we supply direct to Mahindra and 
another two have been approved which we will inform in the due course, and of course, we will 
directly also supply to these guys and to the market as well. We may have certain colors which are 
reserved for certain OEs. That consideration will be done in due course. 
Karthi: 
Those would be customized colors. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Like some has special yellow or some has a cherry red specific to a OE. So, these things we will do. 
We are doing actually but we can't disclose, but we are doing that. 
Karthi: 
How big could this product alone become? 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
Deepak Joshi: 
You mean colored PPF? 
Karthi: 
Yes, sir. 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, as of now, we did see like we had been in the show. So, there is lot of attraction because of 
colors. But if you really see like it will take some time because something new nobody is doing that 
and people are trying to do that. So, it will take some time. But we safely assume that it might be like 
10% addition or 15% addition to our sales. 
Karthi: 
On the Garware branded products in India, sir, how big can this become, say in two, three years? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, we do not give the specific number. As you may be aware that looking into the outstanding 
performance of Garware, there are many competitors, they are just trying to… so I don't want to give 
the readymade information which people should get by way of marketing agency or something. But 
we are like growing at the rate of 70%, 80% into the India market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pritesh from Lucky Securities. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh: 
I have two questions. One in your past calls, you have said that in the PPF 300,000 capacity that we 
had. We had invested about INR 150 crores with full-time assets. Now when I am just trying to 
connect the dot, I am still clueless. What is the PPF revenue number because in one answer you said 
one-third, someone told 200 crores, then you gave a utilization number. So, I am clueless on the PPF 
side. If you could be a little bit more clearer? And my second question is, if you look at the margin 
swing in the last three quarters, the BOPP industry itself has gone through a 25% to 30% change in 
the gross margin number. Is it fair to assume that the 35% of your portfolio, which is ex of CPD, 
where there would be lower margins, which are now on a higher side. So, this 300, 400 basis points 
swing that we see in our last three, four quarter basis is actually to do with the industry profitability 
swing because even you have 35% of your business like that. So, it would be very helpful to be very 
clear on these two parts because the margin assumptions, etc., everything is based on these two 
observations. 
Deepak Joshi: 
But about this total revenue from PPF – 
Pritesh: 
Because even if you take 135% of the earlier number which you have shared in the conference call 
of INR 150 crores, a two time asset turn, it goes to about INR 400 crores, then it's INR 100 crores 
per quarter in this, then that 30% number doesn't come. 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, the number is 26% on revenues from PPF. 
Pritesh: 
For this quarter? 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
Deepak Joshi: 
No, for H1. I hope you are clear so I hope you have an answer. 
Pritesh: 
Capacity utilization is 100% plus, right? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. 
Pritesh: 
My second question was on the profitability side. So, which means in your revenue number there has 
to be an element of higher realization? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes, that's what I said. The growth has been volume driven and that volume has come from new 
territories and growth on the PPF. 
Pritesh: 
There has to be an element of higher realization. Your growth is almost 56%. So, my guess is there 
has to be at least 20%, 25% minimum realization like - 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Mr. Pritesh, if you would have gone through the earlier questions, every part has a different price 
point. And as we were mentioning earlier, PPF is at a higher price point as compared to IPD or SCF 
Films. So, what you are looking at 15%, 20% growth in prices, is not the growth in prices, but it's a 
change in the mix of our products. 
Pritesh: 
On the margin question, is my observation correct that you would have gone through 400 basis points 
because of the profitability of improving 35% of the same? 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
So, see, first, we are not in the BOPP film segment per se. When we're trying to see BOPP with 
Polyester Films, I don't think it is the right linkage which we are doing there. 
Deepak Joshi: 
We do not produce BOPP. We produce Polyester Film, BOPET. 
Pritesh: 
Even BOPET has gone through those things. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
But if you would look at that part of the presentation also, we are into specialty, we do not deal into 
commodity. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Currently, our CPD business has been 71% of total sales and BOPET has gone only 29%. Despite 
the fact that it is going up now and definitely with a lot of capacities which have come in or will 
come, and on the BOPP side also there will be a margin erosion once again, right, on the commodity. 
To safeguard ourselves, we are always trying to give value products to the market which has some 
kind of uniqueness in the products, and we will continue to deliver new products into that. So, that's 
why our share of BOPET is continuously going down; it is now only 29%. And that too, we are only 
catering to the segments like Shrink Films, Floatable Films, Low Oligomer Films and Leading Films 
and all those which are high end products. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kiran D from Tabletree Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kiran D: 
I have a slightly different question zooming out of this quarter numbers. FY'23 to FY'24, all those 
data points are available on your FY'24 annual report, FY'23 to FY'24, there was a significant drop 
in the Global brand sales in the US, right, and one of our customers, I think, whom we have white 
labeling to is 30% of our revenues. So, two-part question is a) how do you think about Global brand 
sales is significantly degrowing, was it a conscious decision or it just so happened that Global brand 
may grew in '24 and we'll be back in '25 and to 30% of revenues is from a single customer, so is that 
a point of concern? The second part of the question is more operational, which is there's been a six 
quarter, eight quarter or maybe 12 quarter discussion around Nashik plant monetization, more 
dividend payout. So, if you could just tell us, are there any board discussions around that? The third 
part is a smaller question is do you consider the Middle East is part of the Europe because we seem 
to be growing well in Middle East as well. So, those are the three-part questions? 
Deepak Joshi: 
I am not sure like how did you get the number that our global is degrowing. In fact, we are seeing a 
good growth in global brand. In fact, some of the places in US we saw Garware is also growing. So, 
we are really happy to see that there is a continuous growth momentum there, right. So, that's one 
part of thing. And second part, we have many customers in white label also. I'll just tell you one 
thing. Even in India we have challenge, right? Everybody is selling Garware now. So, you go to a 
place and the guy is selling Garware and next door there is a big, branded shop has come. So, he 
wants to sell Garware product because of the quality. But the challenge is he has spent so much on 
his showrooms and everything and the next door is selling Garware on the open market, right? So, 
how to sell to both the guys because we are not letting these places to our competitors, right? So, 
that's why the white box is sometime a necessity because that gives big brand value, because they are 
like world leaders. You not talking of only one, but we have many such players into the market who 
are buying from us, right? So, there is no degrowth of Global. In fact, Global and Garware both are 
growing. And as talking about white labeling, we do decent numbers, because we have to 
continuously grow, because these guys may have like 100 salespersons and we have very limited one 
because our focus markets are different, right, we can't compete with everyone in each market. So, 
as a strategy that works well for us. And there is no price difference between white labeling and 
Global. 
Kiran D: 
The other part of the question that I asked, if you could just answer, is Middle East considered as part 
of Europe? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Middle East is a separate territory for us. We have shown a separate part; 3.1% sale in the Middle 
East. It is very clear into this thing. But when you talked about one single customer, that was Global? 
Kiran D: 
No, in your subsidiary, so there are two bits in your annual report, sir. One is your subsidiary 
information which has clearly stated as Global Films, USA. So, there if you look at AOC-2 form, the 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
sales between FY'23 to '24 the degrowth, two, you also have to report a single largest customer more 
than - 
Deepak Joshi: 
That's not a degrowth. Let me clarify to you. See, between these two years what happened, there was 
a lot of inventory which was lying there, which we cleared because after COVID the shipping 
timeline was way high, right? So, it dropped significantly after that. So, there was a lot of 30 to 40 
days inventory suddenly went into our subsidiary. So, these are like operational things. There's no 
degrowth. It is like your inventory adjustments were there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang Securities Private Limited. Please 
go ahead. 
Sunil Jain: 
My question is related to PPF. Are we thinking of any backward integration in this particular part of 
business? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Again, this is very strategic and confidential information. Unless some decision and all those things 
is made, it will be informed accordingly. 
Sunil Jain: 
In India also, you sell white label or it's only pure branded sales? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Mostly branded sales, but couple of big-branded people who sell at a very premium thing. So, we 
sell, but that percentage is hardly 10% of our sales. As I said, it is a necessity because otherwise we 
potentially lose customers. 
Moderator: 
Due to time constraints, we will take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
A. Venkataraman: 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining the call. I trust we have clarified all your queries. In case 
if you have any queries further, you can write to us. We will clarify the same. And despite the holiday 
you have joined, thank you very much. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
*Note: The above transcript has been edited for readability purposes. 
