To 
To 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
C-1, G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Bandra, (E), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Code: 540403, Scrip Symbol: CLEDUCATE 
ISIN: INE201M01029 
ranscript of Investors Call 
pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
Dear Ma’an/ Sir(s), 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 and in continuation to our disclosures dated September 27, 2024 and October 03, 2024, please find 
enclosed the Transcript of the Investors Call held on October 03, 2024, with the Analysts/ Investors (public 
at large). 
The aforesaid information will also be hosted on the Company’s website at www.cleducate.com. 
Kindly take the above details on record. 
Thanking You 
For CL Educate Limited 
Arjun Wadhwa 
Chief Financial Officer 
Place: New Delhi 
Date: October 08, 2024 
o 
© www.cleducate.com 
CL Educate Limited 
@ compliance@cleducate.com 
Registered & Corporate Office 
: A-45, First Floor, 
®+91-11-41281100/0800 & +91-11-41281101 
Mohan Co-operative Industrial Estate, New Delhi — 110044 
CIN: L74899DL1996PLC425162 
ARJUN 
WADHWA
Digitally signed by 
ARJUN WADHWA 
Date: 2024.10.08 
16:33:06 +05'30'

                                                                                                                                                                   
 
 
“Digital Assessment Market – Intro Session Conference Call” 
Date: 03 Oct 2024 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. Satya Narayanan R – Chairman, CL Educate Limited 
 
Mr. Arjun Wadhwa – CFO, CL Educate Limited 
 
 
Intro Session Conference Call Link: Digital Assessment Market - Intro Session Conference Call 
 
Intro Session Presentation: Digital Assessment Market - Intro Session 

                                                                                                                                                                   
 
 
CL Educate Limited: Digital Assessment Market – Intro Session Conference Call 
 
 
Mr. Arjun Wadhwa: A very good afternoon, everyone and happy Navratri's. Welcome to CL Educate 
Limited special session today where we discuss our rationale for entering the digital assessments business 
specifically through the acquisition of one of the leading players in this market, NSEIT DEX.  
 
My name is Arjun Wadhwa, I'm the CFO of CL Educate and I'll be your host today. Joining me on this call 
is Mr. Satya Narayanan R, founder and chairman of CL Educate. As always, this call will be recorded, 
transcribed and made available in the investor zone on our website within the next 48 hours. What we've 
done today is we've put together a short presentation for you which should take about 20 to 30 minutes 
following which we will throw the floor open to questions. As always, please type your questions in the 
chat box on the bottom right–hand corner of the screen and we will address them towards the end of the 
session. I'll start by requesting Satya to say a few words about where we are right now and the road 
forward for DEX. 
 
Satya over to you. 
 
Mr. Satya Narayanan R: Thanks Arjun, good afternoon, everybody. This presentation, which will take, as 
Arjun said, about maybe 25 to 30 minutes maximum. We're covering it in two parts. The first part of it 
gives all of us a very brief summary about the transaction which means if somebody is really constrained 
for time and you have to rush to some other appointment or meeting, first 7-8 minutes should give you 
the summary of it and then we'll go a little bit deeper and get a greater texture about the industry, the 
segments and DEX itself with its business components.  
 
That being said, let me start off by connecting a thread to the AGM presentation that you might have 
attended or watched the video later. There I spoke about the important aspects of the future. I was talking 
in the context of the next 30 years and having spent 30 years now this year, we are looking at how do we 
continue to nurture the ambition of emerging as a leading education technology player in India. If you 
recall, I also mentioned about our aim is perhaps to be more than a time teller. Can we be the clockmaker 
and with a whole lot of changes happening in the landscape, in the policy, in the global education domain, 
India will emerge as a very important player and when that happens CL be a part of that is an important 
guiding principle for us and I also spoke about and I'm again reiterating that if the Amrit Kal, next 25 years 
is of any value, it's going to happen because India as a theme, education as a sector and technology as a 
capability of people from this geography can enable tech players from India to play a very significant role, 
not only in determining India's own progress in the next 25 years but also India's contribution to various 
other nations or economies or societies as far as their higher education or school education or various 
other aspects of education are concerned.  
 
I'll move forward. These two slides actually capture quickly the summary of this transaction. So, if you 
look at this particular slide, I'm covering here the financial and investment perspective of DEX as an asset 
and I must say with a reasonable amount of confidence and if you actually ask me, I am trying to hold back 
a lot of excitement about this acquisition but merely focusing on the numbers. This is a very rare asset 
built assiduously by one of the leading companies of India which is known for its technology prowess 
because without that NSE couldn't be doing what it is doing at such a scale. So, DEX is built by the NSEIT, 
the technology subsidiary of NSE and for an asset of this size what we have paid as a transaction and that 
is what I'm focusing on in this particular slide is the we're paying, 1.2x of the last year's FY24 revenues or 

                                                                                                                                                                   
 
6.4x of the EBITDA (Earnings Before Income Tax, Depreciation and Amortization) that was accomplished 
last year. If you take that the definitive agreement and the actual exchange of the keys in control will 
happen maybe by the 1st of December at the latest and if you look at it from a trailing 12-month 
perspective these multiples will look even lesser than that. 
 
Number two, like we have shared in the earlier presentation, also when I took the summary of it in the 
AGM the DEX business is at approximately 17% EBITDA. So, what happens to the overall entity CL Educate, 
the listed company, is that we will move from 11.4% to 14% on an annualized basis. About the exact 
numbers last year, we closed only CL, without counting the DEX, we did about ₹38 crores of EBITDA and 
please remember this ₹85 crore that we are talking about is for the full period pro forma basis of April - 
March FY 24 - 25. Only about four months out of that of DEX will accrue to us. So, another way of looking 
at it is the trailing 12 months if you see or you simply add what CL Educate would have done, what DEX 
will do, if you combine that, it will look like an ₹85 crore EBITDA on 1st April 2025. Another very interesting, 
exciting and a very key part of the whole transaction is it is EPS (Earnings per Share) accretive from day 
one and it also is affecting both ROE (Return on Equity) and ROCE (Return on Capital Employed) in a very 
telling manner when we complete this transaction and integrate NSEIT DEX into CL Educate.  
 
Moving forward I'm now taking a minute to explain the business perspective. As you know, this is an 
assessments business while test prep and education have assessment as one of the components DEX 
focuses exclusively on assessments and that's 9 crore assessments or 9 crore individuals TAM which gets 
added to us. So, there is a tremendous amount of TAM expansion and as you know test prep, they are all 
verticals whereas NSEIT DEX is a horizontal that is needed in every segment every sub-segment and so on. 
I'll come to that a little bit more when we move forward. We see a whole lot of synergies including 
expansion of distribution network at rapid speed, the content generation for assessments that CL can be 
of great value in and also it will create new revenue streams for both DEX as well as CL as we move forward 
and integrate the two entities.  
 
Number three, I think this is extremely important this will find a lot more expression of it in terms of 
numbers over a two-to-three-year period but the fact of the matter is that NSEIT DEX is a very robust and 
proven model at massive scale when you compare it with the opportunity of taking it to other countries. 
We can take it to Singapore, Indonesia, Middle East, North America which will also be a much higher 
margin business compared to what it is in India.  
 
Number four 20% relative market share second largest player and can be a very significant challenger if 
we get some of those things right. At an overall market level, the digital assessments is growing at 16% 
p.a. which means that this particular thing, if you look at it, as at 2028 can look twice of this number, ₹9 
crores can go to ₹18 crores at the speed with which the market is growing and the decisiveness with which 
assessments is becoming more organized, formal and a lot more technology driven. I will come to that as 
we move further down the presentation. NSEIT DEX also enjoys a wonderfully built moat which comes 
from the technological backbone and the distribution network that it has created, and this can only get 
better as it scales further from here. So that those two slides comprise the summary of it.  
 
Please note down your queries and keep sending them. I'll take all of those at the end of the presentation.  
Moving forward in summary a third very important vertical called assessment is getting added to our 
education services, EdTech and MarTech and as we move forward again, they might become one 
integrated educational technology services but that is for a later date and time.  
 
Let me move further. I'll cover some of these components as I move forward to recruitments, entrance 

                                                                                                                                                                   
 
exams, certifications and so on. Now I'm going to travel a level deeper and cover in the next six seven 
slides the market opportunity and the DEX attributes quickly. Here if you see that the overall assessments 
market size is approximately ₹9,000 crore market which is likely to reach ₹13,000 crores by 2028 and in 
this while the overall CAGR of assessments is about 12% the digital assessment is where the wind is 
blowing that’s where the world is moving that grows at 16% as you can see here and the amount that it 
represents is ₹4,400 crores and that is likely to move to about ₹9,500 crores which is approximately two-
thirds of the overall assessments business. A more important thing for many of you who are 
understanding or trying to understand assessments as a specialized area, I would like you to pay attention 
to these sub segments comprising recruitment and promotions, entrance examinations, assessments, 
vocational certification, universities going digital and schools also will happen at a future date if you go by 
the NEP, professional certifications and employability related certifications in addition to individual 
employability exams. So, these seven of them are sub segments and currently DEX is present in three out 
of these seven, I'll cover those as we move forward but this will give you a little bit of a sense of what the 
sub segments are and what are the relative sizes and as I mentioned to you NSEIT DEX is the second largest 
player in this market.  
 
Moving forward the assessment itself when you take it as a complete value chain it has five very important 
stations or phases, the first one is about what is called as an item development or test development this 
is where content development competency becomes key currently 99% of excess revenue comes here 
which is stage two three four and five application processing test management and delivery proctoring 
while the exam is on and the fourth is result processing and result publishing. When we come together at 
an appropriate stage we will start looking at this also because CL has the internal content development 
lab as we call it as a Philab here, a hundred member team and we have a huge library of assessments that 
has been built over the last 20-25 years. So, this is one of the significant places of synergies that we can 
draw upon and test development normally also is an even higher EBITDA business and fewer people are 
able to offer it as you know only the market leader offers content development nobody including NSEIT 
DEX was offering test development as an integral part of the services as far as assessments was concerned. 
I'm skipping the next level of detail here and moving straight into another important macro aspect which 
is how is the dynamics evolving in this industry and many of you as professionals or even as parents must 
be tracking this or just as part of your current affairs update you must be you must attract this whether it 
is in NEET fiasco or some other such fiasco that has happened in the past, a lot of them could be attributed 
to the lack of robustness of this and  the government and all the nodal agencies who are mandated to 
conduct assessments at the national scale are now besieged of these problems and what it has resulted 
in, as you know, is the public examination act 2024. It has specifically broken down the entire assessments 
into very important sub-elements and each sub-element is getting tightened formalized and all the 
stakeholders are coming together to make it a very robust process because this affects efficancy of most 
reputed examinations whether it is for government departments, whether it's for higher education or for 
the corporates or any other public service. If you look at this the vendor accountability that has been 
covered in the public examination act, the government and the agencies are also unbundling the entire 
thing into content creations facilities, management security all of that and different specialized people or 
organizations are being roped in and the capacity building exercise is underway as we speak and given the 
track record parentage and the reputation of NSEIT, they figure very prominently in all of these 
consultative committee meetings, etc., as the public examination act and the NEP 2020 are getting 
implemented. A third important thing is in order to make the process robust NRA which got created after 
NEP the national recruitment agency it is coming up with specifications of NRA approved centers and 
government itself is on its way to creating 70,000 seats that can go up to 150,000 over the next five years 
of centers that will then be available for any assessment’s player who along with their own capacity can 
access these 700 even lakh seats for implementation of examinations. Similarly, manpower processes 

                                                                                                                                                                   
 
which needs to be audited all of these are getting implemented at a very different scale beginning last 
year. What is the implication of these chances are that the large two or three players will get deeply 
embedded into this process because the government is looking at building scale and  
making sure that examinations assessments are all conducted by eliminating any form of unfair practices 
that can happen here.  
 
I'll move forward with the presentation, coming into the NSEIT DEX as a business entity it is now among 
the leading players of scalable and highly secure digital assessments. For instance, there is a control room 
that DEX has in its Mumbai office wherein all the centers where this examinations are getting conducted 
the CCTV live is monitored, live input is monitored in one control room and whatever interventions are 
done or needs to be done those are being done so it is not any more a very local Mom & pop of kind of 
an operation, it is formalized, technology driven real – time and NSE figures there along with the market 
leader. As I said, we are present in three out of the seven subsegments – certifications, recruitment and 
promotion and entrance examinations. What are the strengths that NSE has maybe some of it is repetition 
but end-to-end capabilities technology platform I'll take one separate slide talking about technology 
platform that is inbuilt, custom built for Indian requirements very robust and that perhaps can be portable 
if you open up other geographies. The leadership team, whether it is a business leadership, operational 
leadership or technology leadership the leadership team is very seasoned all of them have been with the 
team so a couple of them since inception a couple of them for the last 12-15 years and the wonderful 
thing is that the entire team is moving in the business and they are very excited about the possibilities of 
scaling this from here over the next five to ten years. As I mentioned technology is very, very central stuff 
like data analytics, AI, ML all of those are being used for a variety of services which may not be visible but 
for instance computer vision how is it being used those things at an appropriate stage maybe, we'll be 
happy to share but security and technology as I mentioned earlier is a very important differentiator and a 
strong point of NSEIT DEX. If you look at the bottom of the slide these are some of the segments or industry 
sectors where DEX is working with insurance, banking, financial services, chartered accountancy, working 
with the testing and nodal agencies, corporates probably for corporate training & recruitment and also 
for the university examinations. These are the opportunity segments. We are not present in all for instance 
universities as we speak just one pilot with one university is underway.  
 
I'm going to take as a small two-minute case study for you to understand it's a very new innovative method 
that has come into existence I'll take here you know many of us are familiar with Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India, they have created a new process wherein they're asking this and you know it is it is 
viewed as a student beneficiary exercise. How does it benefit a student, they are saying that before you 
take the main examination you need to do two things and make a submission just visualize it you know 
doing articleship is a mandatory thing similarly a 40-hour self-learning module has been introduced by 
and you finish all your preparation whichever way you're doing you go through the self-learning modules 
uploaded by us and then you have to take a mandatory learning assessment which once you qualify you 
will be allowed to appear for the CA examination so in common parlance you can call it as mock CA exams 
of the mains that's getting conducted and that is being done by NSEIT DEX. This is a new introduction only 
this year and they were anticipating that about 50,000 to 70,000 candidates or candidate assessments 
will happen, but in the first couple of quarters they have already done 2.5 lakh candidates and if you look 
downstairs, I'm not going to go through all of it, but 30% of the students are taking the exam again. There 
are four subjects, it is getting done in 270 locations and this is an on-demand model which means a 
student goes online, chooses the city, chooses the date that suits him or her, books the place, the seat is 
allocated in the nearest center in your city or town and then you go and take the exam that gets submitted 
to the ICAI and once you do your submissions that are mandatory you get to become a qualified candidate 
to write the CA main examination. So, chances are that if this is a case study there's no reason why one 

                                                                                                                                                                   
 
cannot argue that such a thing officially will happen for a bunch of other examinations as well. The four 
adjacencies that we are seeing in terms of segments are and NSEIT DEX is not yet present in these major 
government examinations, the big five which includes exams like RRB, SSC, all the NTA conduct 
examinations, and so on that is one sub segment test prep assessments you know for example even as 
Career Launcher we give mock tests to students all the time so that we can give them a simulated 
environment experience such a thing is done by every single test prep company and this is something that 
as a specialized player of assessment NSEIT DEX can go and seek this business from all the organized test 
prep players. Number three universities examinations are slowly beginning to go digital this could be the 
mid-semester exam, end semester exam not just the entrance exam so that's a very massive number 
estimated to be 72 million in itself by FY 28 and lastly employability and corporate assessments you know 
to get into IT sector to get into BFSI to become a stockbroker to become an advisor SEBI approved advisor 
all those kinds of examinations that you and I know those are all assessments driven and those 
assessments have to be very examinee centric which means I should be able to choose the date and time 
of my choice to take an examination very similar to how ETS does it for a GRE or a GMAT or NSEIT these 
are the four adjacent future adjacent opportunities that we're looking at. 
 
 
One last slide before I wind up this is perhaps the most important from a differentiator point of view for 
NSEIT DEX there's a very sophisticated exam engine that integrates all the functions to deliver the service 
seamlessly to the student right from registration, onboarding, fee collection, identity checks, giving you 
the allotment of seats when you go there we do proctoring and then results are generated. The entire 
thing is a fairly big deal as a platform development anybody wants to come into this it's not easy. The last 
and the most important aspect which is what has made this as a super sensitive business which nobody 
can enter unless you have a whole lot of credibility, track record etc. is the security layer. How good are 
your systems of security, auditing capability ,creating vigilance and surveillance and so on so the team and 
the and the seasoned experience of building this from scratch and having fine-tuned it mastered it over a 
couple of decades is a very big plus as we get into the assessments business through NSEIT DEX just to 
close with the same set of thoughts we are silently very excited about this as you know the binding 
agreement has been signed the paperwork the legal work etc. is all happening we are hoping to close the 
entire thing maybe by the mid of November though the internal target is maybe a week or two earlier and 
then for sure December 1st onwards DEX is likely to be part of our business rhythm and beyond that we'll 
definitely organize a way of interactions for you with the leadership team of NSEIT DEX. So, just to close 
the session we continue to think that there are going to be such telling opportunities that will come our 
way and we will hopefully be good to pick up some of those and keep changing the orbit of CL as we move 
forward. I'll pause there and hand it back to you Arjun and maybe you can facilitate any questions if they 
are with us. 
 
Mr. Arjun Wadhwa : Thank you so much Satya, that was extremely insightful and useful and I hope our 
investors learned a lot about the newest member of the CL family. As you rightly mentioned we'll look to 
have this as a part of our portfolio from Q3 onwards. There are a host of questions as you can well imagine 
that have come our way, I'll keep picking them up one at a time and I'll address some of them myself and 
throw a few your way Satya.  
 
First of all there's a host of people congratulating us on doing a fantastic deal lots of people saying that it 
will be a very valuable asset for us and you know what better time to do this session than at the start of 
the Navratri's to get some sort of auspicious tailwinds behind us so thank you everyone for your good 
wishes and we hope to continue to build on this over the months and years ahead specifically. 
 

                                                                                                                                                                   
 
There are certain overview questions, one of them is will the NSE brand name be changed?  
 
Yes, this will come as a part of the CL portfolio so the brand name will need to be changed but there is a 
grace period that we have negotiated with the National Stock Exchange where we will continue to use 
this as something which is formally NSEIT so that there is some level of continuity and just to add to that 
the good news as Satya mentioned the entire team that has been handling all the clients and all the 
operations of NSEIT over the last 18 years continues to be as a part of this project moves to CL as a part 
of the entity that we are acquiring and so due to the business continuity that will happen from having the 
team as a part of CL we envisage no real challenges in terms of brand name but yes as a brand obviously 
NSE is the owner of the brand, we will have usage of that for a limited time period post the acquisition. 
 
There are as I said a host of questions, so I'll just keep running through a few of them Madhur is asking 
who's the leader in the assessment space right now and how large are they? 
 
The current leader in that space is TCSion obviously it's a tata company and currently our estimation is it's 
in excess of about ₹1,200 crores in this space in terms of market share. 
 
There's a follow-up question that we've spoken about the market size being ₹4,500 crores, but our 
business size is ₹200 crores, why is the market share 20%? 
 
Just to reiterate Satya was talking about the relative market share in the business segments that we 
operate in that is where our market share is 20%. 
 
There's a question in terms of why the business revenue has been flat for the last three years and what 
gives us confidence to grow this going forward?  
 
A good question, number of reasons for that one of which of course was COVID but also you know this 
entity NSEIT DEX as you're all aware has been on the block for about a year now. We ourselves have been 
in negotiations with the team looking to purchase it for the last 9 to 12 months so as you can probably 
imagine a business of that nature the mandate from the organization was to focus on what they're doing 
at present and to look this and to look to sell the business as is without necessarily looking to add any new 
business lines or any new study centers and to avoid additional capex etc. in this business. So the focus 
was on getting the organization ready for sale and handover which is why for a couple of years the 
revenues stayed fairly stagnant at about ₹200 crores the good news is FY25 continues to look 
exceptionally robust it looks very positive and we have every reason. To see that there will be growth in 
FY 25 over FY 24 and that has factored into our pricing as well. As you're aware we are buying this business 
for an initial consideration of ₹230 crores with the potential of it rising to ₹305 crores based on certain 
business goals being achieved so no one will be happier than us to actually pay the additional ₹75 crores 
if the business grows the way we have imagined and the way the business team has presented to us that 
they expected to grow over FY 25 so huge optimism from an immediate FY25 perspective and looking 
further ahead Satya spoke about significant adjacencies that exist for us in this business we already are 
seeing significant movement from the business teams ever since the talks started formulating and the 
enthusiasm is there on the ground to get new businesses. Just to give you an example the case study that 
Satya took ICAI is a contract that has been signed in FY 25 and it is a 3-year deal so we expect that revenue 
to add not just this year but also over the years ahead and similarly there are a lot more new lines of 
business that we hope to add over the months and years ahead lots of additional contracts that the team 
is chasing and we imagine that it will add significantly to both the top line and the bottom line in FY 26 
and FY 27. More questions and I'll throw one or two your way also Satya so that it's not just me talking.  

                                                                                                                                                                   
 
Why didn't the erstwhile decks management expand internationally and what gives us the confidence that 
we would be able to do the same? 
 
Mr. Satya Narayanan R : So you know one of the things that we have learned during the course of last 9-
12 months of conversations is that being a part of NSEIT they also were significantly constrained about 
what are the things that they could do what are the things they were discouraged from doing and 
especially after NSE announced its plans to go public international businesses they were scanning about 
3-4 years ago just before COVID happened and then COVID did a significant amount of recalibration of 
priorities and so on and as you know it took for every company it took 2.5 years to get back the core stuff 
and now they are looking to be in a place where both readiness and this transition might just make that 
happen over the next couple of years even we are not going to rush too hard in any direction. Our aim 
also would be to solidify reinforce and then make a very calibrated 3-5 year plan wherein we think that 
DEX can go and make a significant difference or contribution not only to our top lines but also in being a 
very important strategic infra player in the countries that we get into.  
 
Mr. Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks Satya, the next question. Are the contracts tender based and what is the 
competitive intensity as the market looks very fragmented?  
 
Yes, it goes through an RFP(Request For Proposal) process but as Satya specifically spoke about on the 
technology slide you know putting together an exam engine and a security level of this nature and to add 
to that the distribution that DEX offers gives it an unparalleled MOAT in this business it is virtually 
impossible for a new player to enter this market and be successful right away the quantum of investment 
required to build a technology platform of this level of excellence and a distribution level of excellence 
will take an enormous amount of time. So which is why the two largest players in this segment TCS and 
DEX are dominant players as a result and the rest of the players operating in this space are all at a sub 7% 
market share from a relative market share perspective. So there is an opportunity for people to come in 
low ball on bits and compete but those tend to be more ad-hoc assignments and you know tend to be of 
a nature where they will not necessarily survive beyond the first year and especially where reputation is 
critical you need to have the security backing of a company of the quality of DEX to make it work. 
 
How are we looking to fund this acquisition?  
 
It is a common question we will use a mix of debt and internal accruals to fund the acquisition without 
going into specifics in terms of the quantum of each. We will disclose that in due course we are currently 
in the process of putting that together and it will go through the necessary routes of Board approvals and 
so on but as you probably are all aware at our last AGM we had recently taken approval to increase our 
debt limits so we are comfortable on that front and you know obviously given the quality of the acquisition 
raising debt at a very competitive interest rate is not going to be a challenge for this kind of a business 
plus as you're all away we have been sitting on ₹100 crores excess of cash on our balance sheet for the 
last year and a half so we are well placed to use a mix of debt and internal approvals to fund this . 
 
Question of a similar nature. Would this business require any further investments in terms of technology 
upgrades etc.? from Samir. 
 
Yes Samir, given the nature of technology investment that goes into preparing a product where security 
needs to be of the highest level, technology investments will be ongoing in addition to that we also expect 
to and I'll just put this in a little bit of quick context CL comes with 175 study centers DEX comes with 234 
centers we hope to use a mix of both of these going forward from a business perspective but that being 

                                                                                                                                                                   
 
said exclusive DEX centers will probably look to still add a few centers every year and that would continue 
to also require a little bit of technology investments because all of these centers are very technology 
intensive. This will largely be a mix of OPEX and CAPEX a continue to be centers which are company 
operated or company managed and on a lease kind of arrangement so you know from a CAPEX perspective 
it's very low it is largely an OPEX kind of expenditure. 
 
I'm just going to continue to run through the questions and see if there's anything I might have missed, 
Satya there's a question on conflict of interest because we're a test prep institute versus DEX being in the 
business of conducting exams? 
 
Mr. Satya Narayanan R : I think we are we are  mindful of that and so which is why in every sense of the 
term the NSEIT DEX will operate as a separate entity, separate company, separate leadership and also 
create an independent board for that in order to make sure that it is complete in itself. There would be 
places where we will try and explore synergies as we go along but operationally speaking as they call it 
the Chinese wall be done just to ensure that there is no conflict of interest and also sensitizing or educating 
awareness about this change of ownership with all the clients that is underway and that has been built in 
that was one of the most important things that we diligent first before we even took a very serious step 
in this direction  
 
Mr. Arjun Wadhwa : Thanks Satya, there's a question on what are project related expenses in DEX’s P&L?  
 
So, Himan Shah, thank you for your question, really appreciate you having done the homework of going 
and taking a look at the DEX’s P&L before coming, and so, just very quickly to address that and anyone 
else just to understand this business, I spoke about 234 company managed centers, in addition to that, 
DEX also uses 3,000+ elastic centers. Satya mentioned that this business works in 2 ways:  
 
One, there are on-demand booking of seats, which is more of an accreditation kind of business, which 
means centers which run 6 to 7 days a week and you can book a slot and come and take an exam. There 
are also exams which happen maybe once a year, once in 2 years on a particular Sunday or maybe happen 
a few times a year and in these sorts of exams you would need an immense amount of capacity to be able 
to handle the load of that. So, these work largely through elastic centers, which could be universities or 
educational institutes or schools where you would be using a computer lab or just a facility of a large 
auditorium and bringing your own laptops and tablets and executing the exam in this kind of an 
environment. So, this would require renting the place, the manpower to proctor or conduct the exam and 
the cost of putting together the infrastructure, which is the laptops, etc., to execute the exam all of these 
would come under project related expenses. 
 
There's another question, in terms of top clients, how much percentage of revenue is coming from PSUs?  
 
The clientele is across a group of industries we covered in this slide. We are specifically not going into 
details in terms of client names at this stage. We are mindful of certain conversations happening with 
those clients as Satya mentioned about the change in management, etc., so we will refrain from 
mentioning  more about specific clients for now but as Satya has highlighted the sectors here you can by 
and large, guess who would be some of the major players in each of these sectors and you can imagine 
that NSEIT DEX works with them specifically the major clients are what we would call quasi-government 
NSEIT DEX is also something you would call as a quasi-government agency and most of the clients would 
also fall under the same category in terms of being quasi-government so specifically all of these accounts 
are handled by agencies which are excellent paymasters, pay on time the collection period for DEX and 

                                                                                                                                                                   
 
I'm specifically mentioning this because of certain historical baggage that we have working with 
government and organizations in the past is typically about 50 to 60 days so this is a business where bad 
debts have been virtually non-existent. Payments happen on time and are largely milestone driven and it 
is a business where there are no state government clients at this point in time, all clients are either central 
government or quasi-government agencies 
 
I'm just looking for unique questions. A lot of them are repetitive. There's a question about the biggest 
risks that we foresee for the DEX business going forward?  
 
Mr. Satya Narayanan R: I think, you know, we perhaps must just stay very student-ish or newcomer-ish 
and learn it from scratch. A couple of things which are of extreme criticality, which is the continuity of the 
team which has got a tremendous amount of expertise and credibility with the clients, their continuity, if 
you ask me, is the most important attribute in our minds and being able to de-risk what came up as a 
question earlier, on the potential conflict that is the other one.  
 
However, what gives us an enormous amount of courage or encouragement or clarity on that side is that 
only 16 to 17% of assessments are entrance exam driven, and CL's entrance exam business is essentially 
a big-time play of only three segments: MBA, law and IPM. So, even if we just don't touch them for the 
next hundred years, that's hardly an accumulated TAM of 5-7 lakhs or ₹10 crores. So, that doesn't worry 
us, but we need to make sure that we are steering clear of any of those risks of either conflict of interest 
or building the strength of the team as two important success factors and hence if you look at it the flip 
of it, it will be a risk factor. We shouldn't goof up on these two. 
 
Mr. Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks Satya, there's just one last question that I'll take. What is the duration of an 
average contract, and can you give a little more detail on the contracts? 
 
I'll just take that very quickly; the average duration of most contracts is typically 3 years or 5 years if it's a 
multi-year exam. If it's a one-time exam, like Satya specifically mentioned, an exam called RRB, which 
happens once in 3 years or once in 2 years, then obviously those exams come up as one exam tender, but 
if it is an annual exam or an exam which happens in like accreditation or something of that nature, 
certification which happens on an ongoing basis, then typically contract durations are 3-5 years. One good 
news from an NSEIT perspective is that their continuity of contracts and continuity of clients has been 
exceptional over the last 18 years, with hardly, any clients dropping out once they get onboard. One of 
the significant reasons for that is the technological infrastructure which is customized and built for those 
clients and as we spoke about, multiple times during this session, it's very hard for someone new to come 
and replicate that. So, once you start working with someone in this space and you develop an exam 
engine, NSEIT DEX has a proprietary exam engine, so once you develop it for an organization like this it's 
very hard for a new player to come and create a new exam engine, not to mention the distribution 
network we spoke about 234 centers and 3,000 elastic locations those are distributed over 700 districts 
of India, which is the widest reach of any player in the assessment space. I often quote the example like 
the election commission says, “We go to every single part of the country and get every person's vote”, in 
a similar way the DEX team, when they first met us, they told us that “you know we make sure when we 
talk to our clients one of the biggest drawing points for them to work with us is that we have fantastic 
coverage all over the country. So, if anyone wants to do the CA exam, for example, whether you're in 
Rajasthan or whether you're in Manipur or whether you're in Kanyakumari or Srinagar it doesn't matter. 
You are not very far from a DEX center.”  
 
On that note, I'll wrap things up for today, thank you so much. I see a lot of congratulatory and good 

                                                                                                                                                                   
 
wishes. Thank you everyone for your good wishes. We'll continue to build on this, and we'll catch up with 
you again in about a month's time with our H1 results.  
 
Thank you everyone. Have a great Navratri week and we'll speak to you all again soon. Thank you!  
 
Mr. Satya Narayanan R: Thank you everybody. Thank you, Arjun. 
 
 
 
 
 
For more information, regarding CL Educate you can visit our corporate website: 
Annual Report | Financial Statements | Quarterly Results | Telegram Channel 
 
 
For further information, please contact: 
 
 
Amit Kanabar 
Sr. Manager – Finance & Strategy  
CL Educate Limited 
Tel: +91 11 4128 1100 
Email: amit.kanabar@careerlauncher.com 
 
