 
Ref. No.: RGL/S&L/2024/160 
 
November 21, 2024 
 
BSE Limited  
Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip code: 532923 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: RGL 
 
Sub.: Transcripts of the Earnings Conference Call 
 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR), Regulations, 2015. 
 
Dear Sir 
 
 
With reference to our letter Ref. No.: RGL/S&L/2024/148 and Ref. No.: RGL/S&L/2024/135 dated 
November 14, 2024 and November 07, 2024 respectively; please find enclosed herewith the 
transcripts of Q2 & H1 FY25 Conference Call of the Company, held on Tuesday, November 19, 2024. 
 
The 
aforesaid 
information 
is 
also 
uploaded 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at  
https://renaissanceglobal.com/webcast-and-transcripts/  
 
You are requested to take the above on record and disseminate to all concerned. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Renaissance Global Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
CS Vishal Dhokar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
Vishal 
Ashokrao 
Dhokar
Digitally signed by Vishal Ashokrao Dhokar 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal,CID - 6977830, 
pseudonym=20240522164111243, 
2.5.4.20=033e3a1f7676f62110a5045d10ffa0708c9d6
4a2865686a1e785e99d7e2ba7e9, 
postalCode=400708, st=Maharashtra, title=0196, 
serialNumber=f621fc1d09d761ab610ea19805c41f6
06f5571282e998d2920757d0b98e77fed, cn=Vishal 
Ashokrao Dhokar 
Date: 2024.11.21 17:45:46 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 7 
 
 
 
Renaissance Global Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 19, 2024 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
of Renaissance Global Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing *, 
then 0 on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Snehkumar Purohit from Renaissance Global 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you. 
Snehkumar Purohit: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Renaissance Global Q2 
and H1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us today Mr. Sumit Shah – Chairman and Global CEO; and Mr. Hitesh 
Shah – Managing Director of the Company.  
We would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the Management, 
following which we will have the forum open for an interactive question-and-answer 
session.  
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature, and the disclaimer to this effect has been included 
in the results presentation shared with you earlier.  
I would now like to invite Mr. Sumit Shah to make his opening remarks. 
Sumit Shah: 
Thank you, Sneh. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Renaissance Global, I 
extend a warm welcome and thank you all for joining us on our Earnings Conference 
Call for the 2nd Quarter ended 30th September 2024.  
I will initiate the call by taking you through a brief overview of the Company's 
operational and business highlights for the period under review. Post that, Hitesh will 
give you a rundown of our “Financial Performance”.  
Building on the momentum from Q1, we achieved stable growth across key segments 
with quarterly revenue from continuing operations rising 3% year-over-year. Our 
consolidated EBITDA margin from continuing operations reached 10.3%, enhanced 
by operational efficiencies and a strategic focus on high-margin segments. Our 

 
Page 2 of 7 
 
continued focus on high-quality businesses has meaningfully contributed to the 
positive impact on gross margins, which are up 434 bps through our margin 
improvement initiatives.  
In Owned Brands, our revenue grew by 7% year-over-year in Q2, while the EBITDA 
margin in this segment reached 10.3%, reflecting a substantial year-over-year 
improvement of 575 basis points. As we approach the holiday season, we expect 
strong consumer demand in this segment, setting us up for a promising end to the 
year.  
We recently launched a new direct-to-consumer fashion jewelry brand, Renaei, to be 
primarily sold on Amazon in the U.S. The brand is uniquely designed to meet an ever-
growing affordable fashion jewelry demand among millennial and Gen Z consumers.  
Our focus on branded jewelry continues to drive growth. Recently, we tested the 
Enchanted Star collection with a major retail partner in the U.S. This collection is an 
exciting extension of our Enchanted Disney Fine Jewelry brand brings lab-grown 
diamonds into our offerings, featuring engagement rings and fashion jewelry pieces. 
Early response has been very encouraging, and we believe that this collection holds 
strong potential to contribute meaningfully to our Licensed Brand segment in the 
growing quarters.  
In the Customer Brands division, revenue in Q2 stood at 293 crore with an EBITDA 
margin of 9.4%, making an impressive 295 basis point improvement. We have taken 
a detailed strategic review of this business and have identified significant process re-
engineering and capacity rationalization measures to boost efficiencies.  
We have launched an extensive cost optimization initiative towards the end of Q2, 
which will extend into Q3 and is expected to deliver annual savings of 40 to 50 crore. 
In line with the same, we incurred a one-time restructuring expense of around 3.5 
crore in this quarter.  
Additionally, we expect to see significant reductions in interest rates as we leverage 
the proceeds from the sale of our gold business and anticipate a more favorable 
interest rate environment with recent rate cuts announced by the fed.  
This combination of actions will position us to achieve substantial savings while 
reinforcing our commitment to profitability and long-term growth. While we remain 
mindful of near-term challenges, our outlook on the long-term potential of our branded 
business remains exceptionally strong.  
Our partnerships with iconic global brands, coupled with the expansion of our own 
distinctive brands with strong focus on lab-grown diamonds underscores our 
commitment to connecting with the next generation of jewelry enthusiast. Our strong 
partnership with renowned brands, expertise in product Innovation, design talent and 
robust distribution network will continue to drive our growth going forward. 
Hitesh Shah: 
Thank you, Sumit. Good day, everyone. We have reported a stable performance 
during the quarter driven by better performance in our Owned Brands' Direct to 
Consumer segment.  
In Q2 of FY '25, our adjusted total income increased by 3% at Rs. 392 crore, as 
compared to Rs. 380 crore in Q2 of FY '24.  

 
Page 3 of 7 
 
 
On the profitability front, adjusted EBITDA expanded by 42% at Rs. 40 crore in Q2 of 
FY '25 versus Rs. 28 crore in the same period last year with adjusted EBITDA margins 
of 10.3% versus 7.5% last year. 
 
During the period, our margins improved, and we expect revenue to trend upwards in 
the coming quarters. Adjusted profit after tax for Q2 of FY '25 stood at Rs. 15.7 crore, 
up by 50% from Rs. 10.5 crore in Q2 of FY '24. For H1 of FY '25, the adjusted profit 
after tax stood at Rs. 31.4 crore, as compared to Rs. 24.7 crore in the same period 
last year. 
 
Our branded segment reached revenues of Rs. 92 crore during the first half of the 
financial year versus 78 crore in the first half of FY '24, which is upped by 19%, 
demonstrating a resilient business strategy and strong market expansion.  
 
Our Direct-to-Consumer India brand Irasva, with a total of four stores across Mumbai, 
Ahmedabad and Hyderabad, recorded revenues of Rs. 10 crore in the first half of FY 
'25.  
 
In Q2 of FY '25, our Licensed Brand business maintained stable revenues at Rs. 57 
crore on account of healthy flow of orders from our retail partners as well as the Direct-
to-Consumer segment. It had an EBITDA margin of 16.5%, while our customer brand 
reported an EBITDA of 9.4% reaching Rs. 27 crore in Q2 of FY25, an improvement 
of 295 basis points.  
 
Given the increasing contribution of our brands to our overall revenue, we anticipate 
a promising rise in our consolidated EBITDA margins, with the branded business 
continuing to be a significant profitability driver.  
 
Lastly, in terms of our balance sheet, our net debt-to-equity ratio stands at a healthy 
0.27 as on 30th September '24 versus 0.31 in June '24 and 0.29 in September of '23. 
Our total net debt stands at Rs. 328 crore against Rs. 370 crore in Q1 of FY '25. And 
our cash and bank balances and current investments stand at Rs. 244 crore, which 
is up by Rs. 58 crore from 30th June '24.  
 
In conclusion, we are pleased to have maintained steady performance in the phase 
of challenging conditions. Our solid balance sheet gives us confidence in our ability 
to navigate these challenges and look forward to stronger results in the upcoming 
fiscal year.  
 
On that note, I would now request the moderator to open the forum for any questions 
or suggestions that you may have. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will 
take our first question from the line of Kashvi Chandgothia from JRK Stock Broking. 
Please go ahead.  
Kashvi Chandgothia: First of all, thank you for the opportunity, and I congratulate everyone on this great 
set of numbers. So, going forward, can you give a more detailed guidance on how we 
are expecting the quarter 2 and the FY '26? 
Sumit Shah: 
Sorry, if I understood your question correctly, you wanted more detailed guidance on 
quarter 3 and FY '26?  
Kashvi Chandgothia: Yes, sir, half year, second half and FY '26.  

 
Page 4 of 7 
 
Sumit Shah: 
So, I think we are seeing sort of a return to growth in all of our segments in quarter 2. 
We anticipate this trend to continue or accelerate going forward. I think that for 
financial year 26, I think as the penetration of lab-grown diamonds increases, we see 
revenue growth accelerating, and this coupled with the cost cutting measures that we 
have taken in our Customer Brand segment, we expect strong revenue growth in FY 
'26 and even stronger growth in bottom line because of our cost cutting measures. 
So, I can give you a broad outlook in terms of direction. Detailed numbers we are not 
sharing as yet.  
Kashvi Chandgothia: And sir, these cost cutting measures will not affect the brand quality and the attraction 
that we see in the Gen Z and the Millennials, especially for the lab grown as well?  
Sumit Shah: 
Yes, so, you know, a lot of the cost cutting measures have actually been capacity 
rationalizations because as a business moves to more lab grown, we see less labor 
intensive product being manufactured, which means that we will be able to produce 
more value of orders with less manufacturing capacity.  
 
So, a lot of it is related to reduction in manufacturing capacity and some process 
engineering. We have not done anything to impact our sales or the desirability of our 
brands. We are very cognizant of the fact that we need to maintain revenue growth 
while looking at more efficient ways of doing business. So, yes, to answer your 
question, we are very confident that we will be able to maintain a revenue growth 
trajectory while reducing expenses. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Naitik from NV Alpha Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Naitik: 
My question is, after the selling of our plain gold business, you are expecting some 
inventory easing from the inventory that was stuck with that business. But however, 
we do not see that in the September balance sheet. So, could you please help me 
understand why we do not see that or when will we see that?  
Sumit Shah: 
So, I think there has been inventory reduction, which is kind of reflected in the 
increase in the cash balances. However, the absolute inventory number, obviously, 
this is the start of the season and September usually represents a peak in terms of 
our inventory numbers, because we are usually building inventory for the October, 
November, December holiday season.  
 
So, we would expect to see a reduction in inventory subsequently, both in December 
as well as in March. I think that the inventory increase has been offset by an inventory 
reduction in the plain gold business, which is reflected in the increase in cash. If you 
see quarter-over-quarter, cash balances have increased by 60 crore.  
Naitik: 
But if I compare your cash versus your March balance sheet, it's broadly remained 
the same while your debt has gone up roughly by 60 crore. I am talking about gross 
debt. So, what is the reason for the same? I am not seeing quarter-over-quarter, but 
when you compare it with the March quarter... 
Sumit Shah: 
So, as of 31st March, our cash balance was 188 crore. It's 244 crore as of 30th 
September. So, it's up by 60 crore from 31st March. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Rajesh Golcha, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead.  
Rajesh Golcha: 
Sir, I have two questions. First, what are the debt level on which we are paying 
interest? And second, when can I expect any timeline our Company to go debt free? 

 
Page 5 of 7 
 
Sumit Shah: 
Yes, so our intention is that we have currently obviously done a preferential fund raise 
of around 168 crore. So, this coupled with cash flow emerging from our business 
during Q3 and Q4 because as you know, seasonally our largest quarters are Q3 and 
a lot of the receivables go down afterwards. So, we expect a meaningful reduction in 
debt at the end of FY '25. Our anticipation is that one year from then, which is at the 
end of FY '26, we expect to be zero net debt.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shrikant Parakh from Prudent 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Shrikant Parakh: 
Sir, my question is that the amount which we have got from the preferential allotment, 
so what exactly is the strategy to utilize those fund? What is the ratio for mainly the 
division between the reducing the debt and for more acquisition as you have 
mentioned in the investor presentation?  
Sumit Shah: 
So, we obviously have, we are on the lookout for an acquisition, and we have not 
identified any acquisition immediately. So, once a fund raise is done, debt reduction 
will happen immediately. And I think subject to us being able to find an appropriate 
acquisition opportunity which is accretive and fits into the various criteria, the Board 
will evaluate acquisition opportunities. So, there is no immediate acquisition target 
which has been immediately identified, and we will be obviously thoughtful and 
methodical with the acquisition framework.  
 
There is, however, some amount of upgradation of infrastructure that will take place 
which we have allocated I think around 30 crore for. Other than that, the remainder of 
the money will go towards debt reduction, and then when an acquisition opportunity 
comes about and the Board feels comfortable, at that point the acquisition will be 
undertaken.  
Shrikant Parakh: 
And sir, by just a head up, I think you might have said in the previous participant 
question, any timeline where we are expecting the reduction in the debt level sort of 
a debt free Company?  
Sumit Shah: 
So, as I mentioned earlier, we expect it to be significantly lower by about 150 to 180 
crore by the end of this year. So, the net debt which is currently at 328 should be 
closer to 100 crore of net debt and subsequently by FY '26, the plan would be to be 
zero net debt.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Hardik Gandhi from HPMG Shares and 
Securities Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
Hardik Gandhi: 
So, I am fairly new to your Company. So, pardon me for answers and questions which 
might be repetitive in nature. But what are the key drivers as a Company in the AD? 
What are the key drivers which you are seeing right now which will help the growth in 
the coming quarter and year as well? What are things going your way? 
Sumit Shah: 
So, I think that we have segregated the business into three segments, and the three 
segments of the Company are our brands which are our direct-to-consumer brands. 
There is the licensed brands and the customer brands.  
 
In the our brand segment, we are fairly new. It's a 200 crore kind of business, and it 
was zero up until a couple of years ago. I think that there is a tailwind of lab-grown 
diamonds in our brand segment, which is gaining acceptance in the U.S., which is 
causing the business to grow. And there is also international expansion within our 
brands that we have planned. Currently, a large part of our brands is in the US. We 

 
Page 6 of 7 
 
plan to launch in February in the UK, and there will be some geographic expansion, 
which will lead to growth.  
 
In the licensed brand segment, the penetration of lab-grown diamonds is currently 
fairly low. In one of our largest brands, we just tested lab-grown diamonds, and we 
have seen great initial success with the brand. So, I think the growth in the license 
brands as well as the customer brand segment will come from the transition to lab-
grown diamonds. And in terms of the bottom line, as I mentioned in my opening 
remarks, we have undertaken this cost reduction and capacity rationalization of 
expenses, and you will see the expense run rate go down by around 40 to 50 crore 
annually starting next quarter.  
 
So, I think the drivers of growth really are in our brands to summarize geographic 
expansion and deeper penetration in our existing markets and penetration of lab-
grown diamonds, which is currently fairly low in the licensed brands and the customer 
brand segment.  
Hardik Gandhi: 
That's really helpful. But going forward, I know a lot of people are entering into lab-
grown diamond business. So, I just wanted to know what are the key barriers to entry? 
And is there something which is niche to us or is it just that anyone with good capital 
can start making diamonds, and they just need to tap the market? How difficult it is 
for someone to get into? Because I think Titan, not Titan, but Tata is getting into this 
by one of their subsidiaries.  
Sumit Shah: 
So, our approach to lab-grown diamonds is one, we are not growing lab-grown 
diamonds. We are in the business of designing and branding jewelry and selling 
jewelry in global markets. So, all of our sales, a large majority of our sales are in the 
Western markets. Our brand in the U.S. is relatively attractive one, and we are going 
to focus on building our brand. We have got a robust direct-to-consumer platform that 
has grown about 5x in the last couple of years since we made the acquisition.  
 
And then in the licensed brand segment, we have an exclusive licensing arrangement 
with Disney which gives us a moat and helps us sort of protect the business because 
Disney is a very well-recognized brand in the markets in which we operate. So, our 
brand which has been growing well as well as having exclusive access to the Disney 
brand name gives us a little bit of a moat in the branded jewelry segment.  
 
Within India, we are going to focus on the premium segment in lab-grown because 
we feel that at the entry-level price point, it's going to lead to commoditization. So, the 
brand that we operate in the U.S. is sort of in the premium space which we plan to 
expand geographically from the U.S. to the UK and in India.  
Hardik Gandhi: 
Just to understand when you mean it's in a premium segment, what is the factor that 
determines it's in the premium segment? Sorry, I am not aware of the thing.  
Sumit Shah: 
So, I think just like any luxury brand, it's about the marketing, right? I think that whether 
you take the luxury space in handbags or in jewelry, it's about what the positioning of 
the brand is and what the marketing is. So, I think that if you go to our brand's website, 
you will understand how the positioning is premium and how we are focusing on an 
average order value of around Rs. 2.5 lakh, which is where we have been successful. 
So, we are going after the slightly premium customer with premium positioning.  
Hardik Gandhi: 
And the last question, if I can squeeze in, that even according to what I have read and 
everything, going forward, a lot of people are still getting into lab-grown diamonds. 
And from what I have heard, after a point it will just be a pricing, price war which will 
go. So, do you think that is possible in the future where just like people mass produce 
lab-grown diamonds and then the customization and then it just gets into a price war?  

 
Page 7 of 7 
 
Sumit Shah: 
Yes, so I think in any commodity, right, I mean, whether it is apparel or handbags or 
any consumer product, I think that finally the determinant of success in a consumer 
brand is your brand and your branding, right? It's not just about the commodity and a 
price war, right? It depends on where you choose to compete, and what your brand 
represents, and what are your brand values. So, our positioning in the U.S. and here 
has been to build a brand in the premium space and not to get into sort of 
commoditization and price competition.  
 
So, clearly, if more and more people enter, I mean, there will be commoditization at 
some end, but there is various segments in any consumer market. There is the bottom 
end, which is commoditized, and then there is a premium end and the luxury end, 
which tends to get, have its pricing power because of its positioning.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Nupur Gandhi from Sequent 
Investments. Please go ahead.  
Nupur Gandhi: 
I wanted to ask you that in your B2B segment in your licensed brand and your 
customer brand, how much growth are we expecting or seeing in the next quarter, 
next half year and the next year, financial year?  
Sumit Shah: 
So, I think at this point, I think we are seeing revenue growth accelerating. I think that 
I do not have a specific number for you, but we have been through a two-year period 
where inflation in the U.S. was extremely high, and consumer demand was very 
subdued. I think we are seeing a lot of those pressures abating and going away.  
 
So, our cadence has been to try and grow in double digits in our licensed brand 
segment and which we expect sort of in the coming quarters. Again, without coming 
up with a specific number and a guidance, I think a lot of the pressures related to 
inflation are now behind us. I think we should see growth in acceleration in revenue 
growth going forward.  
Nupur Gandhi: 
And also, sir, one more question. You said that in your licensed brand, your growth 
will come from transition to lab grown. So, right now, we have a percentage of 94% 
natural and 6% lab grown. So, going forward, what percentage are we looking at? 
How do we plan to increase the lab grown?  
Sumit Shah: 
So, the 94% that you refer to is in our B2B business, which includes the licensed 
brands and customer brands. Currently the penetration is only 6%, which we expect 
to grow meaningfully in the coming quarters and the years to come.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to 
management for closing comments. Over to you.  
Sumit Shah: 
Thank you everyone for joining us on our Q2 and H1 results. We hope to see you 
guys on the next conference call. Thank you very much. 
Hitesh Shah: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Renaissance Global limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
