 
 
 
Date:6th November  2024 
The Secretary 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
“P.J. Towers” 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai-400 001 
Scrip Code: 500730 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai-400 051 
Symbol: NOCIL 
 
Subject: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of Earnings  Call. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30  of the SEBI  (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 , the transcript of Company’s Earnings call held on 29th October ,2024 regarding discussion on 
the Operational and financial performance  of the Company for the quarter and half year ended 30th 
September, 2024 is enclosed herewith. 
This 
intimation 
is 
also 
being 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
viz., 
https://www.nocil.com/overview/#investor_presentation  
This is for your information and record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For NOCIL Limited  
 
 
 
 
Amit K. Vyas 
Assistant Vice President (Legal)  
& Company Secretary  
 
 
NOCIL LIMITED 
Regd. Office Mafatal House, 3rd Floor, H. T. Parekh Marg 
Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate, Mumbai - 400 020, India 
Tel: +91 22 6657 6100, 6636 4062 
Fax +91 22 6636 4060 
Website: www.nocil.com 
CIN:L99999MH1961PL,€01200.3 
Emal: investorcare@nocl.com 
Responsible Care® 
OUR COMrTe-NT T0 $081ANABT¥ 
ၑ 
ARVIND MAFATLAL GROUP 
The ethics of excellence 
AMIT 
KUNDAN 
VYAS
Digitally signed by 
AMIT KUNDAN 
VYAS 
Date: 2024.11.06 
16:17:46 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
“NOCIL Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 29, 2024 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 29th October 2024 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. V.S. ANAND – MANAGING DIRECTOR – NOCIL 
LIMITED 
MR. P. SRINIVASAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
NOCIL LIMITED 
 
 
 
O 
NOCIL LIMITED 
0 
NOCIL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call of NOCIL Limited. This conference call may 
contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based 
on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on date of 
this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance 
and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. V.S. Anand, Managing Director 
of NOCIL Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Anand. 
V. S. Anand: 
Thank you, Shlok, and good morning to everyone. I'd like to start by 
expressing my appreciation for your presence today. Joining me are Mr. 
P. Srinivasan, our Chief Financial Officer, and our Investor Relations 
Advisors from SGA. I hope you have all received our investor 
presentation. It is available on both the stock exchanges and our 
company website. 
 
To start with, let me provide you with an overview of the company's 
performance for quarter 2 financial year '25. During this period, revenue 
from operations amounted to Rs.363 crores. We witnessed a slight 
degrowth in volumes in Q2FY25 sequentially compared to the 
preceding quarter, partially impacted by logistical challenges. 
 
Having said that, we continue to build on our volumes year-on-year, 
both on a quarterly and on half yearly basis. The domestic demand for 
rubber chemicals continues to remain robust on the back of the tire 
industry's stable replacement volumes and recovery in exports. 
Aggressive pricing actions and product dumping by Chinese, Korean 
and EU rubber chemical players have put a significant strain on prices. 
NOCH LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
 
On the industry front, there was a temporary slowdown in compounding 
production due to the shortages in very high prices of natural rubber. 
The natural rubber prices have since begun easing and availability 
improving. The OE growth for tires is expected to moderate amid 
softened demand. The 2-wheelers are expected to fare relatively better 
while the commercial vehicle segment is impacted by moderation in 
demand amidst a high base. 
 
On the export side, we have seen continued momentum in our 
international business growth. Despite global challenges such as 
geopolitical tensions, container shortages, issues in the Red Sea region 
and rising freight costs, we have made good progress in expanding our 
international presence, a result of our long-term strategic engagement 
with our customers and our focused efforts in gaining approvals. 
 
The Latex business has been witnessing a mild recovery with improved 
exports of rubber gloves from ASEAN and this augurs well for us. In 
terms of raw materials, prices remained marginally higher during the 
quarter. Passing on these cost increases to customers have been 
challenging due to the fierce competition from China, Korea, and EU. 
In response, we have adopted a judicious approach balancing price and 
volume amidst these ongoing challenges. 
 
Our capex expansion program is progressing well at our Dahej site. This 
capex program aligns with our strategic objectives for growth will 
enable us to continue to partner with our customers in their growth 
journey. We continue to work on improving our operational efficiencies 
with technology and infrastructure and at the same time, prioritizing 
eco-friendly practices from energy-efficient production methods to 
waste reduction technologies. 
 
Looking ahead, while there continues to be an element of 
unpredictability in the external environment, we remain positive on our 
growth opportunities. We continue to focus on building our market 
strengths, deepening our customer relationships, and leveraging our 
NOCH LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
rubber chemical expertise to drive growth. I shall pause for now. That's 
it from my side.  
I will now invite Mr. Srinivasan to provide an overview of our financial 
performance. 
P. Srinivasan: 
Thank you, Mr. Anand, and good morning to everyone. Now let's run 
through the consolidated financial highlights. On the sales volume front 
on an index basis for Q2 FY '25 is 141, taking base of Q1 FY '20 as 100. 
On the revenue parameters, the net revenue from operations for Q2 FY 
'25 stood at Rs.363 crores as against Rs.372 crores in Q1 FY '25, a 
marginal degrowth as compared to the previous quarter. 
 
For the half year, the net revenue from operations stood at Rs.735 crores 
as against Rs.748 crores recorded in H1 FY '24, again, a degrowth of 
2%. We have maintained our selling prices largely for the quarter. 
Volumes for Q2 FY '25 grew by 11% year-on-year but showed a slight 
decline on a quarter-to-quarter due to logistic issues.  
The international business continues to show our growth trajectory. For 
the first half of FY '25, the volumes reflected a strong growth of 9% as 
compared to H1 FY '24. Here too, the domestic business maintaining the 
growth in line with the prevailing market trends, the export performance 
at a relatively higher levels say at double-digit growth. 
 
On operating EBITDA performance, operating EBITDA for Q2 FY '25 
stood at Rs.38 crores as against Rs.41 crores for Q1 FY '25 with 
EBITDA margins around 10% in Q2 FY '25. Operating EBITDA 
margins for the quarter were impacted due to increase in production 
activity by 10% on a sequential basis, which led to higher operating 
costs, along with certain freight costs incurred in terms of the cost for 
destinations. For the half year, operating EBITDA stood at Rs.79 crores 
against Rs.101 crores for H1 FY '24 with margins standing at 11%. 
 
Coming to the PBT parameters, the PBT for Q2 FY '25 -- operating PBT 
for Q2 FY '25 stood at Rs.32 crores as compared to Rs.37 crores in Q1 
NOCH LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
FY '25. H1 FY 25 operating PBT stood at Rs.69 crores as compared to 
Rs.84 crores in H1 FY '24. 
 
On the profit after tax, the profit after tax for Q2 FY' 25 stood at Rs.42 
crores as compared to Rs.27 crores in Q1 FY '25. This is on account of 
the change in the LTCG rates as announced during budget '24 wherein 
the long-term capital gains tax rate witnessed a change. Accordingly, 
there is a one-time tax credit of Rs.14.89 crores were recognized due to 
the budget changes. For H1 FY '25, the profit after tax stood at Rs.69 
crores as compared to Rs.61 crores in H1 FY '24. 
 
With this, we would like to open the floor for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Nirav from Anvil Wealth. 
Nirav: 
I have 2, 3 questions. First is you mentioned that there was increase in 
the production activity this quarter, but I think the sales was impacted 
due to the logistics issue, I think very well reflected in our stock changes 
also. So, let's say that if there was no logistics issue and we were able to 
sell whatever we have produced this quarter, what would have been the 
sequential growth in the volumes in Q2? 
V. S. Anand: 
So, Nirav, I would expect it would have marginally been higher than the 
previous quarter. 
Nirav: 
Got it. And are those logistic challenges behind us and could we see the 
production what we have clocked in second quarter that should start 
moving in the third quarter onwards plus the normalized volume growth 
which you mentioned last time that we are seeing every quarter some bit 
of volume increases through the contracts what we have negotiated with 
the customers.  
So, if you can just help us out understanding how the volume trajectory 
is looking out in H2 of FY '25. So, I think we have clocked something 
close to around 9% volume growth in H1. So, if you can just help us 
understand some bit on the volume side, that would be helpful? 
NOCH LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
V. S. Anand: 
Yes, sure. So, like we mentioned also on the previous calls, we see 
volume to develop positively. And for the second half, we maintain that 
there should be an improvement from here on further going into the 
second half, at least at this point, when we look ahead, and clearly, with 
the volumes developing positively. 
Nirav: 
Got it. Because sir, last year, third quarter was a bit sluggish in terms of 
the volumes. So safe to believe that the current level of volumes, what 
we have been doing on a quarter-on-quarter basis, there should be 
improvement on the base volume of H1, is the right understanding to 
do? 
 V. S. Anand: 
Yes, yes. 
Nirav: 
Got it. Sir, second question is on the competition part. I think you 
mentioned that there was intense pricing pressure due to competition 
from China, Korea, and EU. So I just wanted to understand from you, 
like when the competition behaves on the pricing side, do they work on 
the cost-plus basis like when the raw material prices starts coming down, 
they adjust their prices accordingly on a spot basis and change your 
prices because of which we also face a similar sort of pressure in getting 
our volumes to be placed. So how do the competition behaving at this 
point of time in terms of pricing, a, and in terms of placing their 
incremental volumes in the market? 
V. S. Anand: 
Yes. So based on our experience, what we see, and I can't specifically 
comment on what their approach is. But by and large, I see that they start 
with the cost-plus kind of cost-related pricing, but then it tends to then 
also become very, very market-based depending on how the rest of the 
pricing in the market tends to play out. So then that kind of trends to put 
a downward pressure if there is a lowering of prices by some of the 
players. So that's how this is playing out. Everybody is trying to really 
grab volumes because there is lower demand in some of the markets. 
 
We know that the Chinese economy as such, utilization levels are at a 
significantly lower level. So, they are really looking to take those 
NOCH LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
volumes. So sometimes they do take some -- I would put it as rationale 
or irrational decision to take some volumes. And then that tends to put 
pressure on quite a few of the other players on the pricing. 
Nirav: 
Got it. So, at some point of time, do the customers approach us also on 
the similar lines that do we also need to price our products on a cost-plus 
basis or adjust our price accordingly. So, if you can just help us 
understand what sort of volumes of ours are susceptible to the spot prices 
and how much of our volumes are more towards the contracted side 
where such changes on a quarterly basis doesn't impact us? 
V. S. Anand: 
Yes, it's a mix of both. So basically, like we have also explained in the 
previous calls, most of the pricing tends to hold for a quarter, at least 
with the large customers, some of them even for longer periods. But 
some of them, since they are also long-term relationships, they don't tend 
to fluctuate that much. It's a balance of both, where we have the long-
term engagement where you don't see too much of fluctuation in 
volumes from one quarter to the other. But for some of the other 
customers, you do tend to see this fluctuation. So, it's a mix of a basket 
of that we have, Nirav. 
Nirav: 
Got it. Sir, lastly from my side. One, you mentioned that there was a 
double-digit volume growth on the export side on a Y-o-Y basis. So, if 
you can just clarify that number. And second, are we seeing any 
recovery on the latex side of the business where our volumes were 
impacted in last year and even in first quarter. So, are we seeing some 
sort of recovery there on the latex side of the business? 
V. S. Anand: 
Yes. So, on the latex, yes, we do see that the production of rubber gloves 
is improving. Partially, I think also what we see is that exports from 
ASEAN is also improving. So, there is an uptick in the market compared 
to the situation last year for sure. 
Nirav: 
Got it. And sir, last one on the export numbers or export volume growth 
on a Y-o-Y basis, if you can clarify, sir. 
NOCH LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
P. Srinivasan: 
Yes, it's double-digit growth only, confirm. I will not specify the exact 
number, but it is more than double-digit growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Khetan from SMIFS 
Institutional Equities. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir, my first question is also the volume part. Sir, on sequential basis, 
sir, can you clarify the volume dip is majorly because of the international 
volumes or because of the domestic volume? 
V. S. Anand: 
So, there is growth on both fronts from a year-to-year basis. Also, on a 
sequential -- we see there is a bit of a staggering of volumes is what I 
would say. It's not -- and due to logistical challenges, that we have 
witnessed here. So, I don't see that as a real degrowth per se. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Okay. Sir, on to the logistical challenges, so that is clearly reflected into 
the higher other expense. Sir, is it possible to quantify the number? How 
much was it higher on a sequential basis absolute figure, sir, if it is 
possible to share? 
V. S. Anand: 
So, like I mentioned, at least I think if we didn't have, hypothetically, we 
should have marginally been higher than the previous quarter volumes. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Okay. Sir, as you had also mentioned in your initial commentary that 
higher competition is clearly impacting the company. And that is also 
reflected into our per ton margin, which we calculate. Sir, any idea in 
terms of a cycle, so that is clear, so we are standing at the bottom. So 
what are the triggers like which can take this per tonne margins to the 
original levels, which were there, you can say, 5 to 6 years so before any 
triggers you find apart from the higher competition or any sort of the 
value addition, which is going up or any sort of new products we are 
launching, so that can help us to improve the margins or we will -- so 
more or less remain at this level going ahead? 
V. S. Anand: 
I see that with improving of the economies outside of India and 
improving demand. We should see prices moving up. But then I don't 
NOCH LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
have a specific timeframe to put in terms of when this will improve given 
the uncertainties that are all around. But that's on the market front and 
where I see that there is clearly a possibility that prices should improve 
with increasing demand in the other markets. 
 
But on the other hand, we continue to work on products which we can 
bring to the market, but they do take its time. We are in trial phases, 
products are in different stages, where we want to also, I'll get into the 
products and applications where we can see more resilience. So that is 
work in progress, but that's still some time away. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Okay. But sir, in your presentation also, so the graph of the rubber 
consumption. So, sir, that number is quite like the 2017 figures of 28 
million tons. So, it seems, sir, over a period of 6 to 8 years, so demand 
has been flattish only into the global market. Any reason, sir, why this 
demand has not gone up and it is at a similar level? 
P. Srinivasan: 
So, Aditya, there are a few challenges, which the market encountered. 
One was the automobile degrowth in 2018-19 in China. Secondly, the 
COVID waves of COVID-1 or COVID-2, incidents like that, has an 
impact on the consumption parameters. So therefore, if you see, there 
were 2 major interruptions during those periods where the market 
degrew and therefore, you saw a flattish thing. But whenever there is a 
recoup happening, it goes into 3% thereabout or 4% thereabout. 
 
So once the conditions stabilize, I think, hopefully, the momentum will 
pick up. Having said that, in the last 10 years, one has seen despite this 
volatility, the average growth for this industry has been 2%, 1.8% or 
thereabout. So compounded CAGR growth is 2% per annum. Now 
maybe once these things, the conditions stabilize, hopefully, the 
momentum starts to pick up. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Got it. Sir, just one last question. Sir, any update on the antidumping 
duty? Have you represented to the government? And is the government 
so seriously considering importing an antidumping duty soon, 
considering the impact which we have seen in our margins and all? 
NOCH LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
P. Srinivasan: 
We are studying various parameters of the study. We have not filed 
anything. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Okay. So, we have not applied yet, Sir? 
P. Srinivasan: 
Yes. We are studying this before we decide which product if at all if you 
want to. So, for this study, there are various parameters to be studied 
before we take a view. And this is a joint decision between our 
consultants and NOCIL. So, at an appropriate time as and when we meet 
the prescribed guidelines of the case, we will do it, post acceptance from 
the government, we'll announce it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Radha from B&K Securities. 
Radha: 
So firstly, I would like to appreciate the management and team for 
continuously increasing volumes despite the challenges. Sir, my 
question was on the other expense front. I was surprised to see the higher 
other expense in this quarter. So normally around 45% of other expenses 
power and fuel cost and 14%, 15% is freight. So, in the previous con-
call, you have mentioned that from this quarter, we'll be witnessing the 
benefit of cogen turbine. So, I thought that any increase in freight costs 
would have been offset by benefit of cogen. However, it was not 
reflected in the numbers. So, I request you to kindly help me understand 
these numbers. 
P. Srinivasan: 
Radha, there are a few things. The turbine got commissioned in this 
quarter. It's a fact. We saw some benefits accruing. But I think what you 
missed is that we had a production increase in the activity because we 
had anticipated a higher sales dispatch during the quarter, which didn't 
happen. So therefore, the loading of expenses is there proportionate to 
the manufacturing activity. So that's one thing. 
 
And secondly, we also had the exports to the destination in the Western 
world. So obviously, it will be having a relatively higher freight costs as 
compared to our Asian continent markets. So, both these factors came 
into the system in terms of other manufacturing expenses, and which 
NOCH LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
includes even the packing material also. So, there are 3, 4 parameters, 
which got loaded in other expenses. That's why it's a one-time you see 
this, but it should stabilize as we go along. 
Radha: 
All right, sir. So, sir, just continuing this point. So, from July to October 
period, we have seen that freight rates have halved from $6,000 to 
$3,000. So, in the next quarter, do we expect to see twin benefits of 
cogen plus lower freight rates in addition to the operating leverage on 
anticipation of higher volumes? 
P. Srinivasan: 
Yes, we are going to see that. Those things will come in. 
Radha: 
All right, sir. Also, so I just wanted to ask that in the last quarter, we 
were expecting some large approvals from customers. So, has that come 
through? 
V. S. Anand: 
Yes, Radha. So, this is ongoing, and we do receive on a quarterly basis 
approval. So, like I've mentioned, it's not specifically -- it will be a 
customer, multiple customers, multiple sites. So that's ongoing, and that 
is progressing from quarter-to-quarter. 
Radha: 
Sir, when can you see those volumes reflected in the numbers? 
V. S. Anand: 
Actually, we are seeing this. So, as we speak, we are seeing this. And 
like we just discussed in one of the earlier questions, we are clearly 
seeing it in the volume development. 
Radha: 
All right. And lastly, on the South America market, OE and aftermarket 
demand seems to be very strong. So, I just wanted to know, are you 
supplying to this region? And any new customer addition or share of 
business increase with customers located in this region? Also today, 
volume in South America, if we take an index number of 100, then how 
much growth are you expecting from this region in the next 2 years? 
V. S. Anand: 
So, we are supplying to the South American market. We have presence 
with some of the global customers in those markets. Most of the growth, 
I expect more in North America than in South America because also the 
NOCH LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
volumes and the opportunities are more there. So, we have not put a 
specific number on what we will expect from South America in the next 
few quarters. 
Radha: 
Sir, what percentage of our total volumes would be to South America? 
Would it be lower than 5%? 
V. S. Anand: 
By and large, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Dhaval Shah from Girik 
Capital. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Sir, my question is on the commentary made for H2. Now the overall 
Auto market globally is -- the commentaries has been quite low, and we 
see a good improvement for us in terms of volume growth. Now this is 
coming on back of you're seeing more customer wins on the specialty 
side and some market share gain. So where is this positivity coming out 
from? That's my first question. 
 
And second question is on the competitive intensity. You mentioned a 
couple of countries name. Now this intensity and you've seen it many 
times in the past also. So, the quantum of intensity, is it similar to 
sometime in the past or it's something like very high right now? If you 
could relate to a time period in the past for us to better understand how 
we reacted that time and how did, we come out of it. So, some relation 
with the past. These are my 2 questions. 
V. S. Anand: 
So let -- so the first part of your question, there are 2 things. One is, if 
look at our market share outside in India, we have a very negligible 
market share. That is one. So, there is an opportunity to grow with 
customers. And the other part is when you look at the rubber industry 
consumption and largely it is the tire dominated. And within that, it's -- 
the OE part is a smaller percentage, right? It's about only 30%, very 
reflective of what we have in India and even in the global market. So, 
it's more of a replacement market. 
NOCH LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
 
And I see that the replacement market is still reasonably doing better 
than last year when I see this across the regions. So that is also a positive 
trend. On the other hand, our presence is also small. So, with both this 
as a combination, there is reason for optimism. 
 
And the third part, which I can add is the long-term engagements that 
we've been having, the strategic engagements and the approvals that are 
coming through, which also I see as a positive contributor to that. So, if 
I would summarize, I think these are some of the points to answer your 
first question. 
 
The second one on the part of the intensity of competition. I would say 
it is at a high level now to really say is how related is it to some period 
in the past, yes, I'm sure that there has been a period similar to this in the 
past, some period around further during FY 12-13 there were phases 
where this intensity has been high. So that's -- let's say, if I look at a time 
frame from the past, there are some comparisons to the similar period. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. So, between then and now, our portfolio mix is much better 
towards better margin products or specialty products, we may put it? Is 
it the right way to understand since we are always focusing in many 
years to improve our specialty portfolio outside India? 
V. S. Anand: 
Yes. So, they have increased over the years, but also some fluctuation 
here and there in the last 1 or 2 years. We see that, that has contributed 
also with some of the specialized application products increasing in 
volumes over the years. That has given us a lot more robustness to the 
bottom line. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. Sir, any innovation index kind of metrics we maintain to 
understand out of our total sales volume as you do today, how much of 
the products have we developed in the last 3-year or a 2-year period? 
Just to understand how are we progressing as a company? 
V. S. Anand: 
Yes. So, we are tracking what's usually called with the Vitality Index 
and so which is critical to look at new products introduction and how 
NOCH LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
they perform as an overall percentage of sales. We are tracking it, but 
we have not declared any of this in public domain. But to give you an 
idea, it is progressing positively. And so that's something that we have 
as part of our leadership dashboard that we watch very, very closely. So 
that's something that we track, so products introduced in the last 5 years. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Interesting. And last question, sir. As we see volume growth from 
basically the index, what we give, so this quarter, we were at 140-odd. 
Now like a 10% growth from here should give -- should bring a big 
leverage on the EBITDA. Is my understanding correct? Like if we just 
compare it, say, in FY '23 quarters. So, is there like a large operating 
leverage sitting here for a 10% volume growth from here? 
V. S. Anand: 
There will be operating leverages kicking in as the volumes go up for 
sure. 
Dhaval Shah: 
So, can we look at like a 10% volume growth from here could give a 
3%, 4% jump on the EBITDA side? 
P. Srinivasan: 
I think we cannot quantify those things at this moment. We are studying 
that because it all depends on the product mix also.  
Dhaval Shah: 
And is there a room to improve our gross margin further from here? I 
mean, keeping aside the price increases, which are market-driven but is 
there some like organic growth room to improve our GP, which we like 
43% this quarter? 
P. Srinivasan: 
There is a continual improvement. We always work on our efficiencies 
and the yield parameters on a regular basis. So, we start monitoring on 
a regular basis, and we do have an internal target where we can stretch 
ourselves. But it all comes under the broad chemistry composition of the 
structure of molecule. So, I think we have some room to play, but I don't 
think it's that significant, but maybe a 1% here and there it can improve 
definitely. 
NOCH LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
V. S. Anand: 
And just to add, a lot of work of our R&D team, apart from looking at 
new products, include process efficiencies and both on the yield as well 
as the process. So, they continue to accrue, and I'm positive with 
volumes, they'll also add. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum 
Broking. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, first question is on the export recovery. So, you mentioned that there 
is a recovery in exports and double-digit volume growth. At the same 
time, you have also mentioned that there have been aggressive pricing 
actions from China, Korea, and EU players. So how have we fared in 
terms of these competition? And maybe which geographies which have 
given this kind of growth? Or is there anything which can be explained 
by these 2 contradictory things? 
V. S. Anand: 
Thanks, Rohit. So, I would say while -- yes, the competition and price 
intensity continue to be there, not only in India, but also outside, 
probably a bit more in India because people see that there is demand in 
the country. If I were to put it, it's a combination of the long-term 
engagements that we are getting into and the push over the last 2 to 3 
years and the long-term relationship that we have had, which is enabling 
us to mitigate some of these other factors to a certain extent. 
 
So, I cannot say that we are immune to it surely. We also will be 
susceptible. But at least it's holding us in good stead. And we are positive 
that we should be able to at least continue in that direction more as a 
reliable supplier, a long-term supplier, somebody they can derisk their 
supply chains from. So that's -- these are things that are working 
positively, Rohit. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure, sure. Second question, sir, we've been talking that we want to 
derisk ourselves from the rubber chemicals. And probably, we've been 
working on the same in our R&D, but nothing has actually come out. 
So, any progress on that? And given that there could be opportunities 
outside the current vertical that we are in, are we aggressively looking 
NOCH LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
at any inorganic opportunities besides the capex program that we are 
having and given the cash balance is significantly higher on our balance 
sheet? 
V. S. Anand: 
Yes. So, it is a 2-pronged approach where we look to leverage 
adjacencies in our chemistry. That means how do we look at our own 
chemistries that can go to other applications? There is work that's 
happened and there have been some sales in that front, but really not so 
material for us to report it. These are very specialized applications also 
where we see some good traction. We've been working on these projects 
for more than 2, 3, 4 years now and some of them are showing some 
traction, but I'm really not in a position to really talk about it because I 
don't see it as so material, but hopefully, they will start gaining some 
traction. 
 
On the other hand, the option is always to look at the inorganic. And we 
are actively looking at it. At the same time, we want to find an option 
that can also leverage our own strengths, strength not only in chemistry, 
but all a lot of our other capabilities that we have, we can actually then 
have those synergies coming together. We're working on this, and I'm 
also not able to put any timeline to that because there are so many other 
factors that play into this that sometimes they don't work in the last 
minute. So, I think that's ongoing. We will continue to pursue that. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Got it, sir. Sir, just one last clarification. The 20% increase in capacity 
from this Rs.250 crores of capex, what is the timeline for this? When is 
it likely to be commissioned? 
P. Srinivasan: 
Rohit, we have announced that by September '26, 30 months from the 
date of announcement, we'll be ready with the plant ready for 
completion. Thereafter, the trials and approvals thereafter. So, it may 
take 3, 4 months thereafter. So that's why you said fourth quarter of FY 
'27, the business should start coming in. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raman KV from Sequent 
Investments. 
NOCH LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Raman KV: 
Sir, can you give the guidance for FY '25 as well as what's the current 
capacity utilization? 
P. Srinivasan: 
So current capacity utilization is 70%. 
Raman KV: 
70%. 
P. Srinivasan: 
And our guidance in terms of volume, as we have said in the past, and 
again, we maintain, our endeavour is to grow sequentially quarter-over-
quarter. So, we don't want to give any specific guidance. Our intention, 
the base number is 140, we would like to grow from here every quarter. 
Raman KV: 
Okay. In terms of volume, you want to grow quarter-on-quarter. 
P. Srinivasan: 
Yes, yes, that's what we are looking at. 
Raman KV: 
And sir, you have announced Rs.250 crores capex for the Dahej facility. 
So, is the whole capex only for de-bottling the existing facility, or are 
you planning to addition? 
V. S. Anand: 
It's a brownfield new plant. It's not a debottlenecking project. 
Raman KV: 
It's a brownfield project. 
P. Srinivasan: 
Yes, that's right. 
Raman KV: 
And sir, you have told in this call itself that the specialized products gave 
more robustness to the company's finances as well as you have 
mentioned that there are new products under development. So, these 
products, are they like a specialized chemical product? Or they are just 
like, how do I say, low-margin products? 
V. S. Anand: 
Yes. What I mentioned was over the years, the specialized applications 
have slightly moved up but not beyond a certain point. Not specifically 
to this quarter to the previous quarter, nothing has significantly changed 
on the specialized application products. Coming to our new 
developments, clearly, the focus is on better margin products, less on the 
commodity space. 
NOCH LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manoj Jethva from KSA Shares 
and Securities Private Limited. 
Manoj Jethva: 
So, my first question is relating to the green chemistry, which you have 
mentioned in the presentation slides. So currently, NOCIL is having 20-
plus product applications. So, are we going to launch any new products 
keeping in mind the green chemistry in mind? 
V. S. Anand: 
Yes. We are working on this. So, when you say green chemistry, it also 
includes substances that are safe to use as well as looking at greener 
renewable options. So, we're looking at all this regularly, and they are 
in the works, Manoj. 
Manoj Jethva: 
Sir, my second question is pertaining to China +1 strategy. So, 
everybody is talking on the buzzword of China +1 strategy, China +1 
strategy but China is also coming out with the new economic package 
of almost around $54 billion. So how we got trails against such 
developments which might take place in China? 
V. S. Anand: 
Yes. So, when you say the China +1 strategy and it's -- if you really 
bottom line that, it's nothing about reducing your supply chain risk, 
right? And as a player, as a large, if I put myself in the shoes of any of 
our customers who buy something that is very dependent on ingredients 
that run their plant, I'm always looking to derisk my supply chains to 
ensure that I have a stable supply chain. And this obviously leads to 
opportunities for players who can support them in this front. 
 
So, I see that this supply chain derisking will continue to gather 
momentum with all the uncertainties that are around. So, I see that this 
will gain more traction as we go along. I'm not able to comment on the 
stimulus or what's really happened there. But I think the fundamental 
comfort is to look at supply chain derisking. 
P. Srinivasan: 
So just to add a bit, I think the -- despite the stimulus, what you have 
seen is the export tax subsidy, which the Chinese government has 
NOCH LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
extended to the rubber chemical manufacturers continues to remain at 
the same level. It has not been increased. 
Manoj Jethva: 
Sir, I appreciate to share some growth trajectory apart from the rubber 
chemical things. Are we looking out for any inorganic growth in the 
same space, either, say, in India or overseas? 
V. S. Anand: 
We are exploring options, Manoj, like I responded to one of the earlier 
questions. That's an ongoing process. We are doing it in a structured 
manner, and that's ongoing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirav from Anvil Wealth. 
Nirav: 
When I see your annual report and in particularly, the power schedule, 
and when we compare our volumes of FY '22 and similar amount of 
power consumption, I think what we have consumed in terms of per 
metric ton of finished goods was something around close to 5,500 units, 
which is now down to 5,000 units, precisely in FY '24. So, this is despite 
of the fact that our volumes have not grown, but we have brought down 
our per ton consumption of power. So, one thing you mentioned that we 
have been continuously investing in the process part of our business. 
 
So 2 things here: one, with the improvement in the volumes, which we 
are envisaging, I'm talking about the power consumption per metric ton 
of finished goods and with the turbine benefits also now accruing to us, 
would it also bring it down our unit cost of power because 
predominantly, we were more reliant on the coal side and with this 
renewable power coming on. So just wanted to understand the benefit of 
this in light of volume growth, a, and the mix of power getting changed? 
P. Srinivasan: 
Yes, we will see some benefits accruing in. I think some things 
marginally got kicked in, in this quarter because we commissioned 
during the quarter. So, as we go along and once it starts operating at a 
stable capacity, these benefits will start accruing in. 
NOCH LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Nirav: 
Got it. But sir, is it the right understanding that our power consumption 
per metric ton has come down by close to 10% over the last 2 years, and 
this is purely because of the process part of our investments? 
P. Srinivasan: 
So, what happens is whenever you are running a plant at a particular 
throughput rate or a better utilization rate, you will get the optimization 
benefits. 
Nirav: 
Got it. And this should further improve once our volumes getting 
ramped up? 
V. S. Anand: 
Yes, Nirav, that's expected to happen. And also, the fact that we've been 
also looking at green energy options, that's also been contributing to that 
with the ramp-up. 
Nirav: 
Got it. Sir, secondly, apart from the power side, are we seeing any 
improvement on the per unit consumption of raw material or, let's say, 
improvement in the input output norms for some of our products where 
you mentioned that the process innovation is also being a key investment 
for us. So, are we seeing some improvement there also, which eventually 
brings down our cost of production? 
V. S. Anand: 
Yes. So, we have several examples internally where we have had this. 
And over the years, this is a continual program. And regularly, there is 
work on the yields, on the consumption of the raw materials. So, there 
is positive traction on this on a regular basis, Nirav. 
Nirav: 
Correct. Sir, last from my side is in terms of the debottlenecking what 
we have been doing, how much would have been capitalized in H1 of 
FY '25? And how much balance is yet to be capitalized? 
P. Srinivasan: 
Nirav, I don't have specific numbers right now with me. As and when I 
get the details, maybe I'll share it separately with SGA at a later date. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Anand for closing comments. 
NOCH LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
V. S. Anand: 
Thank you. Thanks, Shlok, and thank you everybody for your time and 
engaging discussion. I take this opportunity to thank everyone for 
joining the call. I hope we've been able to address all your queries. For 
any further information, kindly get in touch with me or Strategic Growth 
Advisors our Investor Relations Advisors. We wish you all a happy and 
safe Diwali and a Happy New Year. Thank you once again and have a 
nice day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of NOCIL Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, everyone, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
NOCH LIMITED 
