Els ail"; Oft 	
;'d 
Bank of India EX)! fiNk 
Rt-4-1-1. Ref. No.:HO:IRC:RKP:2024-25:347 
ititW Date: 19.11.2024 
Scrip Code: BANKINDIA  
Scrip Code: 532149 
The Vice President — Listing 
Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, 
Mumbai 400 051. 
The Vice-President — Listing 
Department, 
BSE Ltd., 
25, P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001. 
Sub: Unaudited (Reviewed) Financial Results (Standalone & 
Consolidated) for the 2nd Quarter ended 30.09.2024 - Earnings 
Conference Call with Analysts/ Investors — Transcript. 
With reference to above and pursuant to the applicable provisions of SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015, we herewith enclose the transcript of post results Earnings 
Conference Call with Analysts for the 2nd Quarter ended September 30th, 2024 held on 
12.11.2024. 
The transcript of 2nd Quarter ended September 30th, 2024 earnings Conference 
Call is uploaded on Bank's website and the same can be accessed through below link : 
hftPS://Dal IM.)1111Uld.LAJ.IluetnalySt-ConferenCe-C;difru dr ic;i lOt 
This is for your information and records. 
1-gtzf Yours faithfully, 
Encl: As above. 
4,k_oF 
4T „ 	
(Rajesh V Upadhya) 
as Tr."
.O.' *--k-174)- tAci Company Secretary 
* H 
Investor 
pepL 
Classification: Public 
WIF ,pitifoktf4-47rwTittrit-nTr, tel.( om•N-1, afredlitrA-ff, 	
01-, filloweitwe, sligrV, 	
-400 051 
Head Office: Investor Relations Cell Star House - I, 8th Floor, C-5, G-Block, Bandra Kuria Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Ph.: (022) 6668 4490 Fax: (022) 6668 4491 Email: headoffice.share@bankofindia.co.in 
Digitally signed by: RAJESH 
VENKATARAJ UPADHYA
DN: CN = RAJESH VENKATARAJ 
UPADHYA C = IN O = AADPU0825G 
OU = DGM AND COMPANY 
SECRETARY
Date: 2024.11.19 15:15:50 +06'30'
RAJESH 
VENKATA
RAJ 
UPADHYA

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 1 of 26 
 
 
 
 
 
“Bank of India 
Q2 FY’25 Earnings Call” 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
Management Team Represented by 
 
 
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, Managing Director & CEO 
Shri P.R. Rajagopal, Executive Director 
 
 
Shri M Karthikeyan, Executive Director 
Shri Subrat Kumar, Executive Director 
Shri Rajiv Mishra, Executive Director 
 
 
 
 
 

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 2 of 26 
 
Moderator 
 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.  
A very warm welcome to today's Analysts' Meet of Bank of India's Q2 results of FY 
2024-25, which is being conducted in a hybrid mode to be attended physically, as well 
as virtually by our Analysts.  I would like to thank you all for taking your time and joining 
us today. 
We have with us, our top Management, led by our Managing Director and CEO, Shri 
Rajneesh Karnatak ji. Joining him on the dias are our Executive Directors, Shri P. R. 
Rajagopal, Shri M. Karthikeyan, Shri Subrat Kumar and Shri Rajiv Mishra ji. I would 
now request our MD and CEO, Shri Rajneesh Karnatak ji to address our Analysts, to 
begin with. 
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
Thank you, madam. Thank you so much. First of all, good afternoon to all the 
dignitaries present here, ladies and gentlemen present today in the Analysts' Meet.  It 
is my pleasure to welcome you all for this interaction post-publication of the financial 
results of the Bank for Q2 of FY25.  
The strong macroeconomic and fiscal indicators of the economy coupled with the 
improved investment, controlled inflation, comfortable foreign exchange reserves 
exhibited positive sentiments and stability, preparing the ground for India to become 
the world's third largest economy by 2027 and a developed nation by 2047.  
Against this backdrop, the Bank is playing a pivotal role in fuelling the country's growth 
trajectory.  The YOY credit growth of our Bank was 14.51%. The major drivers of 
growth will be the customer-centric innovation, along with strong commitment on 
sustainability. The fulcrum of these innovations will be enhanced customer service 
experience, leading to low-cost deposit mobilization through retail deposits to fund the 
credit growth. Asset quality will be given paramount importance with improving 
underwriting standards, containment of slippages, and speedy recovery. 
In this direction, a few initiatives have been taken by the Bank. First of all, I'll discuss 
the business initiatives. Number one, the new Credit Assessment Model based on data 
available from the digital footprints has been finalized and a product named “Star DIGI 
Biz” is developed to be rolled out digitally with an amount upto Rs.1 crore.  
Number two, the new Internal Rating Model developed by CRISIL has been introduced 
for rating Investment Instruments. Number three, launch of Virtual Account System 
payment service for assigning virtual IFSC code for Corporate clients, which will 
enable faster collection of their payments with automated reconciliation. 
Number four, new “BOI - Tata Commercial Vehicle Loan” launched in collaboration with 
Tata Motors Finance Ltd.  Number five, the maximum limit per worker and group under 
the Star JLG Scheme has been increased from Rs. 50,000 to Rs.1 lakh and from Rs.5 
lakhs to Rs.10 lakhs, respectively.  Number six, the CGTSME claim process and 
adjustment of the claim money received has been centralized in the Bank.  

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 3 of 26 
 
The IT initiatives which have been taken are, number one, the focus on Digital and 
Technical Transformation “Project Technext” has been launched to scale up digital 
footprints. 
Project Aditya (Analytics Driven Insights to Yield Actions) has been launched for 
developing a robust technological platform and enhancing data quality and 
governance. Number three, to enable outward remittances in 100+ currencies and 
inward remittances in 30+ currencies, a Multi Currency Payment Solution, MCPS, has 
been introduced. And number four, OTP based Mandate facility has been 
implemented, which customers can authorize auto debits from their accounts to 
wallets without using any third-party platforms. 
We have published and shared the financial results of the Bank for Q2FY25 yesterday. 
The main highlights are as under: 
On the business side, global business has increased by 12.05% YoY from 
Rs.12,46,000 crores in September 23 to Rs.13.97 lakh crores in September 24 with 
the incremental growth of nearly Rs.1,50,000 crores. 
Global gross advances increased by 14.51% YoY from Rs. 5.43 lakh crores in 
September 23 to Rs.6.21 lakh crores in September 24 with the incremental growth of 
Rs.78,000 crores. CASA increased by 7.26% YoY from Rs.2,56,000 crores in 
September 23 to Rs.2,75,000 crores in September 24 with the incremental growth of 
nearly Rs.18,000 crores and CASA ratio stood at 41.18%. Domestic gross advances 
increased by 15.03% YoY from Rs.4.52 lakh crores in September 23 to Rs.5.20 lakh 
crores in September 24 with the incremental growth of nearly Rs.68,000 crores. 
Sequentially, it has grown by Rs.12,000 crores at a rate of 2.46% during the quarter. 
Domestic deposits have increased by 12.33% YoY from Rs.5.98 lakh crores in 
September 23 to Rs.6.72 lakh crores in September 24 with incremental growth of 
Rs.73,000 crores. Sequentially, it has grown by Rs.24,000 crores at 3.83%. RAM 
advances increased by 19.74% YoY from Rs.2,50,000 crores in September 23 to Rs.3 
lakh crores with incremental growth of nearly Rs.49,000 crores with a share of 57.70% 
of the total domestic credit. As regards profitability and asset quality, operating profit 
for Q2 stands at Rs.4,147 crores witnessing a growth of 10%. 
Net profit stands at Rs.2,374 crores witnessing a YoY growth of 63%. For H1, it stands 
at Rs.4,076 crores with a YoY growth of 35%. Global NIM stood at 2.82% and domestic 
NIM stood at 3.14% for Q2 FY25. 
Interest income for Q2 stands at Rs.17,000 crores witnessing a YoY growth of 16% for 
half year and it stands at Rs.34,000 crores with a YoY growth of 17%. Non-interest 
income for Q2 FY25 is Rs.2,518 crore witnessing a YoY growth of 49% and for H1 
FY25, it stands at Rs.3,820 crores with a YoY growth of 21%. There has been 
improvement in the Asset Quality with reduction in both gross NPAs and net NPAs.  
Gross NPA ratio is at 4.41% improved by 143 basis points on a YoY basis and net NPA 
ratio is at 0.94% which has improved by 60 basis points on a YoY basis.  
In tune with the growth of the economy, guidance for domestic credit growth will be 
around 14% and domestic deposit growth is projected at around 13%. The key focus 

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 4 of 26 
 
area will be low cost deposit mobilization for protecting our NIM and increasing high 
yielding advances for consistent growth in the business with emphasis on digital 
initiatives, improvement in asset quality and arresting slippages.  The endeavour of 
the Bank will be increasing efficiency and profitability along with the focus on 
compliance and better corporate governance. I would like to thank you all for showing 
faith in us and for your continued support. The floor is now open for discussion and 
Question and Answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, Sir. The floor is now open as Sir said, for the Question and 
Answer session. 
I'll just do a little briefing. Before we take up the question, please raise your hands and 
introduce yourself and the organization. And we'll proceed in an orderly fashion. 
I'll request each person to take three questions at a time. If you wish to ask additional 
questions, we will have the opportunity to do so after others have had their turn. So 
thank you for your cooeperation. 
And one more thing, for the audience who have joined us virtually, you will notice a 
small icon on your screen, a hand sign. Once you place this, it will alert us that you 
would like to ask a question. You can go around one by one. 
The Analyst asking the question will be unmuted. You can press a notification on your 
screen to unmute yourself. Kindly click on unmute and identify yourself and the 
organization before asking the question. 
Those who have joined us through an audio call request you to kindly WhatsApp Ms. 
Maimuna or Ms. Gouri from Adfactors PR team if you would like to ask a question. We 
will ensure that the question is taken. So let's move ahead. 
Can I have the first one coming up, please? 
Mr. Ashok Ajmera: 
 I'm Ashok Ajmera. I'm the Chairman of Ajcon Global. So compliments to you for a very 
good set of numbers, Sir. Thank you. 
If you look at the profitability point of view, both the operating profit and net profit have 
gone up substantially. And the Bank is also, I mean, as far as the growth is concerned, 
it's also doing well as compared to some of the other Banks. And you said that, Sir, 
what we observed is that in our profitability, this quarter, major component has come 
from other income, where the investment profit and the revaluation of the investment 
has gone up from Rs.166 crores to Rs.730 crores. 
And recovery from the written off accounts has gone up from Rs.202 crores to Rs.685 
crores. So these two, Rs.1,400 crores, which have straight away gone to the bottom 
line of the Bank. And on the other side, if you look at the real banking business, which 
is dropping substantially, has dropped rather in this quarter, I think from 3.42% to 
3.17% something. 

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 5 of 26 
 
So, there we are facing the pressure on the margins. And here we are doing well for 
the recovery. So net net, our bottom line is definitely increased, which is a very good 
welcome sign, which increases our book value of the share also and overall 
profitability. 
Next, sustainability of this other income in the remaining half year of this FY25. And 
how do we meet the pressure on the NIM so as to improve the NIM and overall 
profitability of the Bank? Then I will take up others. 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
Let me answer that. So as you rightly said that the profit has increased, but definitely 
there are certain challenges which you see in the Balance Sheet. 
So for the first time, we have crossed the profit of Rs.2,000 crore in the quarter and 
closed at Rs.2,374 crores for this quarter as against Rs.1,700 crore, which we had 
shown in June quarter. And it has improved to Rs.4,076 crores as against Rs.3,009 
crores, which we had shown in September 23. So you are right that this net profit is 
also riding on the fact that non-interest income has increased and non-interest income 
is now Rs.2,518 crore. 
And it is written by basically two aspects. One is the Treasury income, the sale of 
securities, which we have done. And number two is the recovery in the written off 
accounts. 
So let me explain that we have done some good Treasury Management from the 
Treasury Department side. And there were certain securities available with us in which 
we found that there was good margins available when we are disposing them. So that 
profit we have taken in the books and because of which the profit from the sale of 
Treasury from Rs.81 crores, it has jumped to Rs.730 crores on a quarterly basis 
(YOY). 
Now coming to the written off accounts recovery, again, it is not one single account. 
There are seven to eight accounts in the NPA book, which got resolved during this 
quarter and we received this money. And all these accounts were written off.  So they 
have come in other income on reduction of NPA. They have gone straight away to the 
P&L of the Bank through the non-interest income. And there it has increased from 
Rs.560 crores in September 23 to Rs.685 crores in the September 24. 
There also has been some increase in the other non-interest income with typically 
respect to the Penal charges as per the RBI circular. So penal interest, which was 
earlier booked in the interest income, is now booked under the non-interest income. 
So, these are the basic components. 
Apart from that, we have also done well in the cross-selling of third-party products 
where our income is Rs.85 crores as against Rs.53 crores, in September 23. So all in 
all, Rs.2,518 crores has definitely contributed to the overall profitability of the Bank for 
this quarter. And we think that with the kind of pipeline that we have in the NPA book, 
written off account pipeline, which is nearly Rs.45,000 crores and gross NPA book of 
around Rs.27,000 crores. 

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 6 of 26 
 
So recovery in this quarter and the ensuing quarter in the Q3 and Q4 will also be good 
so that the non-interest income of the Bank continues to show the same kind of growth 
number, which is there, or at least it is sustained at that level. The concern with respect 
to the net interest income, yes, it has increased by only 4% on a YoY basis and on a 
QoQ basis, as you rightly say, it has de-grown. One of the reason for that is the RBI 
Circular wherein the penal interest income, which was booked here, is now getting 
booked in the penal charges and going to the non-interest income. 
The second thing is that I have clarified in yesterday’s Press Conference also was that 
around Rs.18,000 to Rs.19,000 crores of our Corporate book got repaid in the first 
week by the 10th of July. So they were those advances in the Corporate book where 
the rate of interest was very fine and linked to the Repo rate, where we thought that it 
is better to get them paid off rather than continue with the rising interest rates scenario 
on the deposit side. So that amount got paid off. 
So, for around Rs.19,000 crores of Corporate advances, for the entire 80 days, interest 
income was not available to the Bank. So that was the thing, though the credit has 
gone up on a QoQ basis, both YoY and sequentially also, the main thing which 
happened was the credit built up to that extent some time and majority of the disbursal 
in credit happened in the month of August and September, which did result in the 
increase of credit, but the average credit was on the lower side during the quarter, 
which resulted in the lower net interest income, finally, which resulted in the lower net 
interest margins, which you rightly said we have closed at 2.82% for this quarter on 
the NIM side, on the global side, but on the domestic NIM side, we are having a healthy 
NIM of 3.14%. So we have to be very cognizant of the fact that when you see Bank of 
India book, the total business mix of Rs.13.97 lakh crores, out of that 15% is the 
international book. In the international book, the NIMs are quite fine.  In fact, they are 
much lower than the domestic NIMs because of which when we see the overall global 
NIMs, it gets moderated. Because of this moderation, it is coming down to 2.82%. In 
fact, most of the Banks who have higher international books, their NIMs get moderated 
once the global NIM is calculated. So that is the reason it is there. 
Further, I will say that it has bottomed out for us. It could not go below this. And with 
the busy season, which is coming now in Q3 and Q4, we expect that there will be 
better credit growth and a better disbursal, which will take place month on month basis, 
which will give better interest income to the Bank and then better net interest income. 
And so the overall margin will be better and the NIMs will do better in the coming two 
quarters for the Bank.  
Mr. Ashok Ajmera: 
 Point well taken, Sir. And yes,  I think we have got a very sizeable international book, 
of more than Rs. 2,00,000 crores.  More than Rs.1,00,000 crores of deposit.  Similarly, 
more than Rs.1,00,000 crores of advances.  On that profit is only Rs.300 crores plus.  
In fact, it has doubled on a YoY basis. Sir, my second question is, or rather some data 
point, is on the little higher provision, in spite of writing off a substantial amount of the 
provision, writing back, I think, Rs.384 crores. We have written back. In spite of that,  
the total provisioning is Rs.1,427 crores on the NPA. 

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 7 of 26 
 
So I can understand that one account of that, I think MTNL, I think Rs.200 crores 
provisioning has been made, this has been made in this quarter itself, out of this 
Rs.1,400 crores. What is our total outstanding on that? I think Rs.1,000 crores you 
reported.  So, number one, what are the other provisions? I mean, why the provision 
figure has a little bit gone up. 
Number two, on MTNL account, how are we proceeding, all the Banks together, 
whether they will come back standard and again slip, or how do we plan to recover the 
money, even though it is Government guaranteed? But it does affect our profitability 
quarter after quarter, because of the provisioning and NPA figures also goes up. So 
some colour on this, because our SMA 1 and 2 have also gone up substantially in this 
quarter, including our SMA 0 also. So overall SMA numbers are quite high, I think it is 
doubled or tripled from the last quarter. 
For SMA 1 and 2, what is the status, because now we are sitting in November. So 
some account might have been regularized also, much have come to the SMA zero, 
so can you give some colour on that SMA number, whether we get provisioning?  
Shri Rajnish Karnatak, MD & CEO 
So coming on this, provisioning on the NPA account side, Rs.1,400 crores is the 
provisioning which we have done in this quarter. The incremental increase in the 
provisioning in this quarter is because of that one public sector account NPA which 
had slipped during this quarter, in that we have, the exposure is more than Rs.1,000 
crores, in which we have made the provision as per the RBI guidelines. 
So that provision is around Rs.150 to Rs.200 crores, somewhere in between that. The 
remaining provision is with respect to some NPA accounts which are unsecured, which 
were legacy NPAs where we have now taken them as unsecured because book debts 
and stock are not available in those Cash Credit accounts. There we have made 
provision as per  prudent banking practice, and some provision is with respect to the 
ageing provision which happens in the due course of business when a substandard 
account becomes a doubtful account, from D1 to D2 and the doubtful moves as per 
aging to the loss category. So that is the kind of provision that we have made, so that 
is one part. 
As regard the account-specific details which you are asking, see this is a public sector 
account and we are already in touch with the Management. Other Banks are also in 
touch with the Management, and the Management is working out some resolution 
process. So we have to wait and see what finally the resolution process comes out 
from their side, and whether it will be some restructuring or some other kind of way 
which they want to give to the lenders. In any case, it is a central PSU, definitely the 
Management will take a cognizant call and majority of the lenders are public sector 
lenders. 
So we are awaiting and we are very hopeful that not much of a hit the Banks will get 
in this kind of account, so that is the point. As regard the SMA book of Rs. 5 crores 
and above, if you see from our slides, from Rs.9,600 crores in June, it has come down 
to Rs.7,600 crores, over the SMA numbers. So especially the SMA numbers are 
coming down. So the broader point is that the overall SMA number has come down by 

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 8 of 26 
 
nearly Rs.2,000 crores on a QoQ basis from June to September and this SMA of 
Rs.7,600 crores constitutes only 1.29% of our overall standard book of the Bank. 
That is one part. The second part, which you rightly said, is most of this SMA number, 
which is there, was earlier resting in the SMA 0, which is now coming under the SMA 
1 and SMA 2 category. SMA 1 and 2 has increased substantially and if you see the 
further column in that, the corporate SMA has increased in the SMA 1 and 2. So these 
are four to five accounts which are for a state PSU, in one state, which are now 
showing as SMA  1 and 2. But let me clarify, all these accounts are secured accounts 
backed by assets, number one, backed by cash flows and some of the accounts are 
also having the State Government guarantee. 
So we do not foresee any stress in these accounts in the coming quarters. Though the 
accounts may remain under stress because of the cash flow issues in SMA 0, 1 and 
2, but we are very hopeful that these accounts will not slip into the NPA category.  
Mr. Ashok Ajmera 
My third question, and this is on the credit side.  It's very good that we are maintaining 
the credit target of 14% for FY25. So in the remaining six months now, I think the 
pressure is more because what we have done in the first half we have to do  double 
than that in the second half to achieve these numbers. So what is our plan for that? 
What is the sanction pipeline for the projects coming in? What kind of projects and the 
loan proposals are coming in? And how are we so confident that, we will achieve this 
14% number of the credit growth? Some colour on that, Sir.  Our Bank has now  
already become a Rs.14 lakh crore Bank. 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
If you see the credit growth in this quarter,  the global credit growth has been around 
14% and the domestic credit growth is around 15%. 
So that is the number which we have already achieved. Within that, if you see the 
overall growth in the RAM sector, it has been nearly 19%. Agriculture, it has grown by 
21%.  Retail has grown by 21%. MSME has grown by 15%. Overall RAM credit has 
grown by 19%. 
And the overall RAM is 57% of the overall domestic credit book, which means that 
43% only is the Corporate credit book. That is one part. On the other part, as regards 
the pipeline is concerned, with more than Rs.70,000 crore of pipeline we are having 
as on date, which includes Corporate and also the RAM credit, majority of which is in 
the Corporate pipeline, wherein there are infrastructure pipeline of nearly Rs.15,000 
crores. 
And apart from that, there is industrial borrowers also, which are there in the pipeline. 
And it is totally, it is agnostic to any industry in particular. There is infrastructure where 
we have pipeline for roads.  Disbursal for roads are pending. Disbursal for some of the 
ports are pending. Disbursal for solar power plants are pending.  And then even wind 
energy is pending. Disbursals are yet to take place. And then we have sanctioned 
some data warehouse projects also, warehouse projects and data centres projects 
also. 

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 9 of 26 
 
And then there is iron, steel, textile, petrochemicals, chemicals. So it is a whole list of 
products, including ethanol and other kinds of things. And EV is also there, battery is 
also there, where the sanctions and in-principles have been given. 
So we are very confident with the pipeline of more than Rs.70,000 crore, which is in 
fact 10% more than the present loan growth of the Bank. Whatever the target numbers 
we have kept, and 14% is a moderate target that we have kept for ourselves for March 
25 on the global credit growth. But I'm pretty sure with the kind of pipeline that we are 
having, and the kind of action which is coming from the field level, from our Large 
Corporate Branches, from our underwriting centres at Retail, MSME and Agriculture, 
and also the 18 ECCBs that we have opened, Emerging Corporate Credit Branches. 
We are very confident that this 14% credit growth target we have kept for ourselves, 
we'll be able to achieve.  
Mr. Ashok Ajmera 
So just on this credit only, I was going through this ESG slide.  To the renewable 
energy, we have given the loan of almost about Rs.5,000 crore. Correct. So is it spread 
over the various layers in the renewable energy or some one or two or three big part 
of itself? 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
No, it is totally spread out. It is spread out in renewable energy, in solar also, and wind 
also. And it is spread across the geography, and also it is spread across the players. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have one question coming up from Worldwide Capital. 
Mr. Marsal 
Hello. My name is Marsal. 
I'm an investor. My first question is regarding this, we have other incomes substantially 
shoot up. So about Rs.700 crore is there recovery from the NPA.  So is it sustainable 
for the coming quarter or not?  
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
So we have replied to this question. This question was there from the first Analyst also, 
from Ajmeraji, but for your convenience, I'll respond it again. 
See, whatever recovery we have done from the written off accounts, it is not one single 
account. It is six or seven NPA accounts under which we have done the recovery in 
written off. So as I said, we have gross NPA number of around Rs.27,000 crores, and 
written off number of around Rs.45,000 crores. 
So with this kind of pipeline, which is there in the NPA book and the kind of negotiations 
which we are having on one-to-one basis for one-time settlement, we are having with 
NARCL for sale, or we are having with the ARCs or the accounts which we are having 
discussion under the COC in the NCLT. We are pretty sure that this number, recovery 

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 10 of 26 
 
number which we have shown under the non-interest income,  this kind of recovery 
will also be sustainable in the Q2 and Q3. And just to give further understanding of 
that, so last year, whatever recovery we have done, we'll be doing a recovery, which 
will be much better than the recovery, which was done in the last financial year for 
March 24. 
Mr. Marsal 
So you mean to say, we have the pipeline of Rs.72,000 crores, Rs.27,000 plus 
Rs.45,000 crores? 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
Rs.45,000 crores is our written off book, and Rs.27,000 is the gross NPA. So that is 
the kind of pipeline in the NPA, which is there, which is available for settlement and 
resolution. 
Mr. Marsal 
Sir, my second question is that employee cost has increased substantially at 
consolidated level during Q2. As compared to Q1, employee cost has gone up by 
Rs.25 crores, and as compared to YOY, by Rs.455 crores. So is it some one-off there, 
or like why it is so high, this employee cost? Because all those provisions required for 
the industry-level agreement has already been done in the previous quarter of March. 
Shri B. Kumar, CFO 
Sir, this particular employee cost has increased because of our AS-15 provisioning. 
We have to keep additional provisioning, because of that, employee cost has 
increased.  
Mr. Marsal 
Sir, it cannot go up by so much because, if I repeat, at the consolidated level, our 
employee cost in September 23 quarter was Rs.2,197 crores. And in June 24, it 
became Rs.2,367 crores. And now it became Rs.2,652 crores. So it means it has gone 
up by Rs.455 crores (YOY).  It can't be at that level because whatever incremental we 
require, it will not be this much amount.  
Shri B. Kumar, CFO 
Sir, actually our Employee wage settlement implementation happened only on 1st April 
2024.  Last September, it was done on the estimation basis of 15%. 
Mr. Marsal 
Can you please tell us how much amount is there included in July, which was for 
example some provision done, which will not be repeated at that much level in the 
subsequent quarter. Can you tell us the amount, please? 
Shri B. Kumar, CFO 
In September 2023, when we are going to do the employee cost at that time, wage 
revision, exact provision amount was not crystallized. It was put on the estimated basis 

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 11 of 26 
 
of 15% employee cost. After that only, when the final settlement happened in 
December 23, it was settled at 17% and on 1st April 24, the amount was crystallized 
and we booked during the June quarter. 
Subsequently, for AS-15,  we have done something in June quarter and balance 
amount in September quarter.  
Mr. Marsal 
So, I want to know the amount which was done for AS15 in June quarter and 
September quarter because since you already made two quarter. So, going forward, 
it should be only marginal increase, not at that much.  So, please tell us the amount. 
Shri B Kumar, CFO 
I don't have the number right now. I'll just share it.  You can Email to our Investor 
Relations Cell at Headoffice.share@bankofindia.co.in and we'll share the number.  
Mr. Marsal 
And in item number 8 of the consolidated P&L, our provision other than tax and 
contingency are Rs.1,062 crore but the provision for NPA is Rs.1,450 crore. So, what 
is the 378 crore item due to which it has become negative? What is the positive item 
you can say in this provision?  
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
So, that is the reversal on the standard asset side of Rs.384 crores.  
Mr. Marsal 
Thank you.  
Moderator 
There is one question coming up in the chat box. So, I'll take this one first because it 
came very first, okay? He is Mr. Abhishek Kashyap. 
He has congratulated the management team. He has two questions. First is what 
segment or sector are we having fresh slippages in? And what part in the loan book 
are unsecured loans? 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
So, as regards the fresh slippage is concerned, we had a fresh slippage of Rs.2,546 
crore and 8% of that slippage was in the Retail book. 28% of the slippage was in the 
Agriculture book. 19% of the slippage was in the MSME book.  23% of that book was 
the Corporate book and 2% was in the Overseas book and in the overseas book, 
Rs.64 crore is because of the foreign exchange fluctuation in the previous NPAs. So, 
basically 98% is in the domestic book itself and major component being in the 
Corporate sector and one single lumpy account which I have already explained earlier. 
As regards the second part was with respect to the unsecured loan, the unsecured 
loan book predominantly which is in the Retail. So, in that there is Personal Loan 
segment which is there which is unsecured. So, out of Rs.1,21,000 crore of Retail 

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 12 of 26 
 
book, Rs.11,542 crore of the Personal Loan book is unsecured and which constitutes 
nearly 9% of the total Retail book. 
However, if you see the global loan book of the Bank, it is only 1.93%. Out of that 
Rs.11,542 crores, the NPA is only around Rs.100 crores and SMA 2 and SMA 1 
number if you see in the Personal Loan book, that is around Rs.300 crores. So, overall 
the total stress with respect to the Personal Loan book, the NPA plus the SMA 1 and 
2 is only around 400 crores. It constitutes at around 3.60% to 3.70% of the Personal 
Loan book and we do not see much of a challenge over there for the simple reason 
that lot of guardrails we have placed in the Personal Loan book while we are 
sanctioning. 
Number 1, the Credit Score is more than 700. Number 2, we are taking the cash flows 
also into account. Majority of these Personal Loan accounts are having salaried 
accounts with us, Savings account with Bank of India. 
The third one is that quite a few number of them are having housing loans and 
mortgage loans with us and overall when we are doing this Personal Loan book, the 
credit underwriting is happening through the digital mode and some of the credit writing 
is also happening through the physical mode at the branch level. So, having all these 
guardrails with us, we are very confident and the kind of stress which we are seeing 
which is quite minimal. So, we are very comfortable with the Personal Loan book and 
it is also growing at a healthy pace because of the low base. 
Mr. Ramesh Bhojwani 
Sir, Ramesh Bhojwani from Mehta & Mehta.  3 points of observations. In the power 
sector, if you see the presentation, our lending exposure, I think, is going down, though 
the SEB exposure is absolutely healthy and normal.  The SEB exposures are at 
Rs.15,000 crores. So, we would like to have a clarity on this. The power sector, like 
the Government and all the entire power Ministry, generation and distribution and 
financing are on a war footing because what power we are generating today, 252 
Gigawatt, we have to add so much in the next 5 years.  So, Banks obviously have a 
big part to play or big role to play in this. And I would like to have your thoughts on 
that.  
Second one is, we have around Rs.27,000 crores in NCLT.  So, what would be the 
recovery in the second half? We feel it's a better half than the first. So, going forward 
in the next quarter, what would be the returns from this? Go straight into our bottom 
line and yield our net interest margin above 3.  
Third one is with the Corporate slippage of Rs.1,094 crores apart from Retail, 
Agricultural and general services. So, the Corporate slippage of Rs.1,094 crores plus 
the second quarter of this year, there has been a creeping weakness in the large, 
medium and small sector.  So, is it a trend which will gather further strength, further 
moves or it will reverse?  
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
So, to answer your first question regarding power sector, if you see our slide also, the 
power exposure which was Rs.42,000 crores in September 2023 went down to 

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 13 of 26 
 
Rs.35,000 crores in June 2024 and in September it has come down further to 
Rs.34,800 crores. The outstanding is coming down for the simple reason that whatever 
the power sector have been funded, they are all legacy funding. And the COD has 
happened and the repayments are coming as per the normal schedule. 
That is one reason. The second reason is that out of thermal power, the outstanding 
which is there now, it is getting consolidated among few large lenders for the simple 
reason that earlier the thermal power was sanctioned by 10 or 12 lenders. Public 
sector and private, now they are getting consolidated.  Now the rating is also better 
and they are getting consolidated at very fine price. So, that fine price in some of the 
cases we have left those transactions. We have let the account get taken over in the 
thermal power sector where the rates were very fine and it was not sustainable for us. 
So, we have a pipeline in  the infrastructure sector of nearly Rs.15,000 crores. 
Predominantly that is into the power sector only. That is into the clean energy.  So, that 
will take some time to get disbursed and get allocated finally. Because all the projects 
take time right from the land acquisition and till the time the installation happens and 
finally the machining. Lot of BG facilities and LCs have already been established in 
some of the accounts where the imports will be happening and the disbursal will 
happen after 360 days typically in such kind of transaction. So, this amount will 
increase but presently it is tapering down for the simple reason that normal 
repayments are happening.  
Second point was to the stress in this sector.  In the State Electricity Board, we do not 
see any stress presently in any of the accounts and I do not think any of the account 
is appearing in the SMA 1 or 2 list also. So, those public sector accounts which are 
appearing in SMA 1 and 2 list are the non-public sector accounts. So, that is another 
clarification I would give. 
On the NCLT side, not much is there in as far as the resolution is concerned.  Because 
lot of it depends on the COC, on the Resolution Professional and also the bids which 
are coming and finally the NCLT or NCLAT finally gives the approval on the bids which 
are coming.  But still we are confident that a few number of resolutions will be taking 
place in this financial year. As we said earlier to just give you a number. 
So, the recovery was last year Rs.6,300 crores in FY24 and we are very confident with 
the kind of run rate that we have, that the recovery during this Financial Year should 
be Rs.7,000 crore plus. So, that is one number. As with regards to the fresh slippages, 
this fresh slippage number which has gone from, see, last quarter it was Rs.1,900 
crores, this quarter it is Rs.2,500 crores.  So, if you remove this one single lumpy fresh 
slippage which has happened of around Rs.1,000 crores. So, had it not been there 
our fresh slippage was only Rs.1,500 crores. So, it is much better. 
In fact, our Slippage Ratio, our Credit Cost which was there in this quarter, had this 
one single account not been there, both would have been much better than the June 
quarter. So, this is a one account aberration which has happened in this quarter and 
as I said earlier also, in H2 we do not foresee any further Corporate account of this 
size and segment falling down into NPA category. So, we do not foresee much of a 
stress in this segment. 

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 14 of 26 
 
Mr. Ramesh Bhojwani 
Thank you and all the best.  
Moderator 
Thank you very much. 
There is one question from Mr. Ramanan. He has four questions. The last two I have 
already received the answer to those questions. 
What is the proportion of EBLR advances? What is the proportion of IT expenses in 
FY24 and this year?  
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
I'll take the second question first on the IT expenses. As we know, the IT expenses 
was there in Financial Year 2024.  We had budgeted an expense of around Rs.2,000 
crores. Out of which we had spent nearly Rs.1,600 crores which were debited to the 
P&L. So that was for OPEX and general IT expenses and also on the Cyber Security. 
So 80% of the budgeted expense on the IT side was debited in the last Financial Year, 
FY24. As regards this Financial Year, FY25, this year we have budgeted a figure of 
Rs.2,100 crores. Out of which around Rs.700 crores we have already spent in this half 
year, H1 of this financial year up to September. 
And some Rs.200 to Rs.300 crores additional we have budgeted in the next quarter. 
So that is on the IT side. 
As regards the EBLR is concerned, so EBLR number is around 47%. And in that see 
Repo rate is 6.5%. Normally we are lending at around, frankly speaking, our one month 
MCLR. Overnight MCLR is 8.15%. So what is happening in the Corporate is that many 
Corporates are asking for very fine rates. 
And in that, in the MCLR segment, we cannot go below 8.15% because our overnight 
MCLR is 8.15% presently. So what we have to do is if we have to keep that account 
with us, being a AAA borrower, maybe it is a PSU or a Corporate AAA borrower who 
is asking for a Repo Rate or a rate below 8.15% and they are not agreeing for MCLR 
rate, we have to go to the Repo rate. So there we negotiate as much as possible. 
And we are trying to negotiate at a rate of interest of somewhere around 8%. So that 
6.5% is the Repo rate. So 8% effectively if we are taking, we are giving at around 
6.50% plus 1.50%, which is equal to 8%. 
So that is the kind of rate which is coming in the EBLR linked advances. That is on the 
Corporate side. Apart from that, EBLR is also linked to the Retail segments and also 
on the MSME segment. 
There also, that is as per the housing loan rates, presently we are giving to the best in 
class housing loan at 8.30% where the credit score is more than 850. And also there 
are some discounts in the Agriculture and MSME segment on the EBLR side. There 
the interest rate is ranging between 8.25% to 8.75% or up to 9% also. 

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 15 of 26 
 
I further clarify that in our Bank, we have only one kind of external benchmark, which 
is the Repo benchmark. There is no exposure against the T Bills and we are not 
lending against T Bills as a benchmark.  
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. 
Mr. Sushil Choksey, Indus Equity 
Congratulations to team in Bank of India. Specifically, after a decade, we are coming 
out of slumber and slump to improve equity and improve motivation. Sir, I have heard 
your media interaction with the Q&A which you have done. 
Would you like to give some guidance for the coming second half, specifically in your 
ROA,  NIM, domestic advances and global advances?  
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
So, as regard the top line is concerned, as I said that the global credit growth will be 
at around 14% and domestic credit growth will be at around 15% for FY25. As regard 
deposit is concerned, deposit growth will be around 12-13%. So, that is the number. 
As regards the ROA is concerned, so we have already touched the ROA in this quarter 
at 0.94%. For the Q3 and Q4, we will be somewhere very close to 1% ROA on a 
quarterly basis for quarter December and quarter March. So, that is the guidance. 
As regard the NIM is concerned, see NIM is already at 2.82%, I have already 
explained. And for the domestic NIM, it is 3.14%. And it is because of the international 
NIM that it averages down to 2.82% which is there for this quarter. For the guidance 
FY25, we are saying that it should be at around 2.90%.  
Mr. Sushil Choksey, Indus Equity 
Sir, looking at the credit pipeline which you have highlighted of Rs.70,000 crores, 
looking at the market condition where growth in the second half is going to be much 
better. 
If the Bank of India gets good growth in pricing and credit pipeline is higher than 
Rs.70,000 crores, how are we preparing for that kind of a growth pattern? Will it be a 
sacrifice growth or will it be a growth because we are adequately prepared and 
because we have already done the Management program to garner that growth 
pattern?  
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
We are totally prepared for the growth numbers. See, we have 9 Large Corporate 
Branches. We have 18 Emerging Corporate Branches. 
There also the proposal pipelines are coming. And then we have 400 plus credit 
underwriting centres in Retail, MSME and Agriculture. So, the entire Bank is well tuned 
now with 5,000 plus branches to take on the credit growth.  In fact, the entire credit 
growth comes from the field only. And the pipeline which is coming is from the field 

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 16 of 26 
 
level only. So, we are totally attuned to that.  In fact, a lot of campaigns and other 
things we are doing to match this credit growth with the deposit growth. That is also 
there. So, when we are saying that credit growth will be at around 14% on a global 
level and the deposit growth will be 12 to 13%, the gap is also there. 
This, we will be funding through the other measures which are there like Infra bonds, 
we have already raised Rs.5,000 crores. Another Rs.5,000 crores we will be raising in 
the second half of this financial year. So, Tier 2 bonds, we have already raised, 
Rs.2,500 crores in H1.  In H2, we will be raising Tier 1 bonds of Rs.2,500 crores.  Apart 
from that, we are doing some refinance also from SIDBI and others. 
And apart from that, we have excess SLR also, against which also we are doing the 
borrowing. So, whatever the deposit is available to the Bank and the deposit growth 
that will be available to the Bank plus the other resources that we have, they will be 
adequate to meet the credit growth. Apart from that, as a strategy, what we have done 
for increasing our resources is that already 36 branches we have opened in the Bank, 
till date. 
And we are planning to open total 200 plus branches in this financial year which will 
help the Bank not only in the raising of resources like CASA and Retail term deposit 
but also for increasing the RAM advances in the Bank. So, all these things placed 
together, we are very much poised to the growth trajectory which we have planned for 
ourselves. And Top Management is totally committed to that. 
Mr. Sushil Choksey, Indus Equity 
Sir, your commitment is well taken. To sustain the employee motivation, the growth in 
pattern, what are we doing additional for digitization and employee strengthening 
which would lead to a perpetually near 3-5 year growth trajectory where the Bank gets 
back to its glory and the sustaining environment. 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
So, as far as the digitization is concerned, if you see this slide no.35, we have 17 
products as on date which have been digitized. So, if you see the total digital book of 
the Bank, of the loan book and the overall book, Rs.51,000 crores is the digital book 
of the Bank as on date when we speak which constitutes around 8% of our total 
business number. So, that is the kind of number we have already achieved, digital 
number which is totally digital also and then also some assisted journeys at the branch 
level which happened in the rural branches.  Overall digital book is around Rs.51,000 
crores. That is one part.  
17 products are already there which are on the digital platform.  Another 10 products 
will go digital in the next 3 months. So, 27 products will be digital. That is one part.  
Apart from that, on the digital side, we have already put in our Data Lake project, 
artificial intelligence and machine learning and generative AI where use cases have 
already started, they have started pushing and we have started pushing them on the 
field not only for marketing, also for sales and also for the early warning system, for 
the credits and other things. So, that part has already started. Apart from that, we have 

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 17 of 26 
 
also on-boarded recently McKinsey for our Nextgen which is also there in the 
presentation for the digital and IT transformation and also on the cyber security slide. 
So, once they are also onboarded with their resources and other things, the next 2 
years will go for the digital and IT transformation of the Bank. That is another part 
which is there. A lot of the processes which are mundane processes and routine 
processes, they will be automated so that the staff is made free,  number 1, for doing 
sales and marketing, number 2, for doing collections and number 3, for doing the 
recoveries in the NPA accounts. 
This is what we want to do for our staff which gets free from all these automated 
processes where their digitization happens. As regards the staff motivation is 
concerned, there also we are running the Star Light program under the BCG where a 
lot of initiatives we have taken for improving the motivation and the skill and upskilling 
level of the staff at all levels, right from the clerical level, sub-staff level and to the 
officer level, right from Scale 1 up to the Top Management level. So all these things 
taken together will transform the Bank in the next 1 and 1.5 years to a shining star and 
will be able to compete with the best in the market. 
Mr. Sushil Choksey, Indus Equity 
What is the Capex number linked to all these new initiatives?  
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
Capex number in the sense, that is only the consultancy charges few which has 
already been incurred. So for the entire digitization,that I said for the last year it was 
Rs.2,000 crore and for the current year the budget is Rs.2,100 crore, out of which 
Rs.600 crore to Rs.700 crore we have already spent in the H1 and Rs.200 crore to 
Rs.300 crore we have already booked in advance. So that is which is there.  
Mr. Sushil Choksey, Indus Equity 
Sir, a lot of questions are being asked about the renewable sector.  I have read in the 
Press that we have signed up with Tata Power, we have signed up with IREDA and so 
on. How is the traction? How are we progressing on this kind of initiatives where you 
have already signed up?  
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
On the rooftop solar, the Government scheme is there, a lot of good traction we have 
seen. And that we are seeing in particularly some states which are in North India like 
Rajasthan it is there, in Haryana it is there, UP it is there, Gujarat it is there, Madhya 
Pradesh it is there, a lot of traction is there where there are bungalows where you can 
have a solar rooftop. 
So a lot of traction is coming over there and disbursal and sanctions are also 
happening and we have done a lot of vendor tie-ups. The vendors will be giving these 
equipments and like doing the OEM work for the laying of the equipments at the 
rooftop, that is one part. The second part is the sanctions that we have given under 

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 18 of 26 
 
the ESG platform under the renewable energy, both in solar and also in the wind 
energy. 
Hydro not much is there frankly speaking but definitely solar and wind we are doing 
aggressively and it is as I earlier said also that, five, six players under whose platform 
we have sanctioned and it is expressed across the entire geography in the country 
and good traction we are seeing. Present outstanding is in the form of non-fund-based. 
Once the 360 days or 270 days happen, they will get converted into fund-based 
outstandings. 
Mr. Sushil Choksey, Indus Equity 
Are we targeting any Treasury operation between international and domestic book like 
few of your peer Banks, which are well known to you, in booking income on the FX 
arbitrage?  
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
Correct. So presently FX arbitrage, because of the present situation which is there in 
the international market, FX arbitrage presently is not there which used to be earlier. I 
would request Shri Subrat Kumar to take it further.  
Shri Subrat Kumar, Executive Director 
So whenever there is any opportunity in the arbitrage market, we are always there, to 
take advantage of that.  Otherwise also if you see the Treasury operation, the 
performance has improved a lot and I think we may be one of the outliers also.  
Mr. Sushil Choksey, Indus Equity 
I take that more, but the additional income was visible in the past.   
Shri Subrat Kumar, Executive Director 
Again, if the Treasury operation moves to the interest rate scenario, right.  It depends 
on what is your view on interest rate and Exchange Rate also, which  we can't say at 
this point in time.  We can’t guarantee that the same kind of tempo will be maintained. 
But, yes, any time the market gives us opportunity, we are there to grab it, simple. 
Mr. Sushil Choksey, Indus Equity 
How do you see the TAT of the Bank overall improving from where we are today?  
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
We have taken a lot of initiatives to improve the TAT over the last 18 months, I can tell 
you. So whatever the TAT was earlier and what is the TAT today is definitely much 
better I can say, not only in Retail, Agriculture, MSME but also in the Corporate credit. 
But as a Top Management, we have to take that it can be improved further. 
So we are doing some of the things in the processes to make the loan application 
simple, to make the process internally and at Head Office more simple so that the TAT 
is improved further not only for the sanction, but even for the disbursal. So what we 

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 19 of 26 
 
see from the sanction rate till the disbursal rate the TAT is also high. So the disbursal 
is not taking because of which the interest income is not coming to the Bank. 
So that also we are trying to simplify so that the processes and other things so that 
the disbursal takes place as early as possible after the sanction so that the interest 
income starts coming to the Bank.  
Mr. Sushil Choksey, Indus Equity 
Thank you for answering all my questions and best wishes for the years to come. 
Moderator 
Thank you so much. We can take Mr. Narendra from Robo Capital. 
Mr. Narendra, Robo Capital 
Thanks for the opportunity, Sir. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. 
My first question is that while the FY25 guidance on loan growth is encouraging, I 
would like to know your medium-term target or where do we see Bank of India two or 
three years down the line? Where do we see our advance book and what kind of 
growth are we seeing given our initiatives that we have been taking on the IT part and 
all that and also on the Credit Cost? So, I believe we have a guidance of 0.70% for 
the entire year and are we on track for that and how do we see this panning out over 
the next couple of years if you could share some light on that.  
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
Thank you so much. As regards our strategy, near-term and short-term strategy, see 
we have already got a three-year roadmap approved from our Board. 
So, three years means up to March 2027 wherein we have said that the total book of 
the Bank will look like around Rs.18 lakh crores. So, we are at Rs.14 lakh crores at 
present. So, what we plan to touch a figure of Rs.18 lakh crores by March 2027 in 
which Rs.10 lakh crores will be deposits and around Rs.8 lakh crores will be advances. 
That is one number. Another thing which we have done recently in our Board Strategy 
Meet is that we have kept ourselves which is called the BOI Star at 125. So, on 7th 
September we have completed 119 years of our foundation. So 125th year will happen 
in 2031 for us. So, through the Board approved Strategy Plan, we have come out with 
the BOI Star at 125. So how Bank of India will look in 2031? There also we have taken 
a lot of initiatives for which verticals in the Bank have given their vision what Bank of 
India will look like in 2031. Broadly, to give you the numbers, we are saying that we 
will have a total business of nearly Rs.32 lakh crores by 2031. That is another vision 
and number which I can share with you and for which each of the verticals have given 
their presentation and entire data sheet is available with us. How we are going to move 
it around in the QoQ and YoY basis with the first stop being at March 2027 with a total 
business of Rs.18 lakh crores. 
That is the first part of your question. Second part is with respect to the Credit Cost. 
So Credit Cost we have given a guidance of 0.70% for March 25 and that we continue 

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 20 of 26 
 
to maintain which will be at 0.70%. As regards the corollary to that is with respect to 
the Slippage Ratio.  We are giving a guidance since one account has slipped in this 
quarter of nearly a thousand crore. We are giving a guidance of Slippage Ratio around 
1.40% for March 25.  
Moderator 
Yes. Can we take Mr. Deepak Gupta from SBI Pension?  
Mr. Deepak Gupta 
Hi, good evening.   I'm Deepak Gupta from SBI Pension. So my first question is, sorry, 
I joined in the call a bit late, but I'm just trying to understand the dichotomy that 
Domestic NIMs have declined by 28 basis points on a QoQ basis while we've seen 
the Retail segment doing quite well for the Bank in terms of loan book growth, 
especially personal loans, which have grown by nearly 10% on a QoQ basis. 
So what has led to the sharp decline in Domestic NIM if you could articulate that?  
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
We had explained this thing. Actually, you are right that the Domestic NIM has come 
down to 3.14% as against 3.43% in the June quarter.  The basic reason for that was 
that around Rs.18,000 to Rs.19,000 crore of our Corporate advances got paid off 
within the 10 days in July 2024. So these were all Repo-linked advances wherein the 
rates were very fine. We thought it prudent to let go these advances because of the 
very low margins which were available in those advances and the cost of deposit was 
also rising during the month of July and August. 
So that was the simple reason and to recoup those advances of around Rs.18,000 to 
Rs.19,000 crores, it took some time. In fact, the disbursal started happening from the 
15th August afterwards. So only 40-45 days were available for the interest income on 
those corporate advances, that kind of book which was there. 
So that is one of the reasons why the Domestic NIM got impacted during this quarter. 
However, this quarter we are seeing lot of traction as far as the disbursals are 
concerned. Sanction is one part, but disbursals are there. 
And July month, the disbursals were quite less in the Bank because of which the 
average advances also was lesser in the Q2 of this Financial Year. From this quarter 
with this busy season happening in Q3 and Q4, we are very sure that the interest 
income will be much better and the Domestic NIM will also improve. In fact, we feel 
that they have bottomed out and the 2.82% Domestic NIM for us is a bottomed out. 
Mr. Deepak Gupta 
So just want to understand, was there any impact of interest reversal on the State  
Government advance?  
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
Yeah, that goes without saying. See, we had this Rs.1,000 crores of NPA happening.   

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 21 of 26 
 
So because of that also, whatever the uncharged interest was there, that had to be 
reversed. And apart from that, there was another Rs.1,500 crores of NPA and some 
Agriculture NPA. When the Agriculture NPA happens, the interest reversal is even 
higher, near to one year of interest. 
So all these things contributed to the reversal of interest income and plus the 
Rs.18,000 crore payout which happened in the first week of July. So that is why there 
is an aberration in this quarter in the net interest income. In fact, on a QoQ basis, it 
has gone down, which finally resulted in a domestic NIM at 2.82%. 
Mr. Deepak Gupta 
So my second and the last question is that the Personal loan as a segment has grown 
very meaningfully on a QoQ basis for you and similarly on a YOY basis. Now, we've 
had most Banks reporting a slowdown in the personal loan segment. What is it that 
Bank of India is seeing in this segment? And if they have some perspective of this 
Rs.11,000 crore book that you have built?  
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
So this question also I had answered earlier.  Rs.11,500 crore is the Retail book and 
it is going at 40% plus on a YOY basis. So a lot of guardrails we have placed in this 
Personal loan sanctions. 
Normally, the credentials are happening with a CIC score of 700 plus that is one 
guardrail.  Number two, a lot of these borrowers are having housing loan and mortgage 
loans with us and the top-up is happening as a Personal loan though the house is not 
charged to us, but at least some relationship is there with respect to mortgage with the 
Bank. Number three is that majority of these accounts are salary accounts where the 
salary is coming into Bank of India and we are debiting the instalments. 
So that is one part as far as the guardrails are concerned in these Personal loan books. 
And this Rs.11,000 plus also includes the Rs.500 to Rs.600 crores Credit Card book 
outstanding which is there.  As far as the asset quality of this personal loan book is 
concerned, we have  NPA of less than around Rs.100 crores, that is one part. 
Second part is the SMA 1 and 2 that is around Rs.300 crores. So total stress in the 
Personal loan book of 11,500 crores is around Rs.400 crores, which is in form of a 
NPA of Rs.100 crores and SMA 1 and 2 which is nearly 3.4% or 3.5% of the total 
Personal loan book. And if you see the Personal loan book, it is only Rs.11,500 crore 
and it constitutes only 1.90% of our global loan book and that is quite insignificant also. 
So we are very much comfortable with the present asset quality in the Personal loan 
book and the kind of growth is happening is also happening through the digital and 
physical mode at the branches and lot of traction we are seeing and majority of these 
customers are existing customers where we are already having relationship, credit 
relationships.  
Mr. Deepak Gupta 
Sure. Thank you so much. 

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 22 of 26 
 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. So there's another question coming up in the chat box is from 
Mr. Shreyas. This question is, if the recoveries are strong, but from which customer 
segment will this recovery come? 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO  
So as far as the recovery is concerned, I have already said that in the non-interest 
income, there has been recovery from the written off accounts. Apart from that, we 
have done some good recovery as regards to general accounts which is there. So the 
total recovery which has happened during this quarter is around Rs.2,800 crores, 
which also includes a write off around Rs.1,000 crores. 
Apart from that nearly Rs.400 crores, we have also recovered in the form of the 
unrecovered interest also. So net-net around Rs.2,200 crores we have recovered and 
it is spread across all sectors, whether it is Agricultural recovery from an agricultural 
NPA and recovery from NPAs, which were MSME.  Recoveries from the OTS 
schemes, which were Retail and also from the Corporates. We have at least 3 - 4 OTS 
schemes which are ongoing at present in the Bank for different segments - which are 
up to Rs.25 lakhs segments, which are from Rs.25 lakhs to Rs.1 crore segment, which 
is Rs.1 crore to Rs.10 crores and Rs.10 crores and above. 
All these schemes are giving good traction at the field level. At different levels of 
sanction they are happening and whatever the recovery has happened, it is agnostic, 
totally agnostic to any particular credit account, large credit account and it is spread 
across the sectors in RAM and also in the Corporate. ARBs also. So my Executive 
Director has prompted me that we have also strengthened the ARBs. 
So presently there are around 20 ARBs in the Bank. So what we have done is all the 
NPAs which are Rs.50 lakhs and above have been consolidated in these ARBs and 
the entire focus of this staff which is placed in the ARBs is with respect to the recovery 
in the accounts which are parked to these branches and branches now have been 
freed from doing the recovery work which used to be there earlier. So that is another 
initiative which we have taken over the past one year, which is now yielding results for 
us. 
Moderator 
Thank you, Sir. Another question which I have got is from Mr. Advaish Kumar. What is 
the total provision of Central Government Telecom Account? 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO  
As per the IRAC guidelines, whatever the provision is required, we have already done. 
It is somewhere between Rs.150 to Rs.200 crores. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Next part of this question is, when the interest income accruals from 
recovery is increased to 2 billion.  

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 23 of 26 
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO  
The recovery from URI and UCI is around 400 crores, which is Rs. 4 billion. 
Not 2 billion. 4 billion. 
Moderator 
This is from Mr. Nitin. He has congratulated the Management for such excellent 
progress. 
The Bank has not given restructured book in its Investor presentation for Q2 FY25 as 
it did in Q1 FY25. Can you please provide the same?  
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
Yeah, we'll provide you the same. 
I have clarified today in the the channel interaction also. So we had removed that slide 
because there was not much change in the outstanding and the book number. So the 
restructured book for the Bank remains the same. The Standard restructured portfolio 
is around Rs.7,000 crores.  
Moderator: 
His question is can we sustain non-interest income till around Rs.1,500 to Rs.2,000 
crore per quarter?  
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
Rs.2,500 crore was the non-interest income in this quarter.  Earlier it was coming at 
around a run rate of around Rs.1,500 to Rs.1,600 crores. So with the kind of written 
off accounts we have, Rs.45,000 crores of written off account and the Treasury income 
that we are seeing, we will be able to sustain these kinds of numbers. 
Mr. Ashok Ajmera 
Sir, my some observation on the data point.  Some explanation on the segment wise 
results which we give, which also has some importance because we divided into the 
Wholesale Banking, Retail and Treasury and has some meaning.  In this quarter. I see 
a very big divergence in those numbers. Like Wholesale, from Rs.1,041 crores has 
come down to Rs.170 crore, the Operating profit and the Retail from Rs.370 crore it 
has come up to Rs.1,946 crore. So is there any reclassification? Why so much of 
variance?  
Shri P R Rajagopal, Executive Director 
Due to repayment of around Rs.19,000 crores of Corporate advances, there was 
reduction in interest income in the wholesale segment.  The RAM book has increased 
in this quarter.  Naturally, the interest income will get booked in Retail segment. 
 

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 24 of 26 
 
Shri B Kumar, CFO 
As our Executive Director has said, there was repayment of around Rs.19,0000 crore 
in the Corporate book in the first week of July 2024.    Then, there was one big public 
sector telecom account which became NPA in this quarter. There was no interest 
earnings and some interest reversal in this account.  So, there was reduction in interest 
income in the wholesale segment to that extent.  There was good growth in the RAM 
book in this quarter, which resulted in increased interest earnings under Retail 
segment. 
Mr. Ashok Ajmera 
Another point is you have 35,995 Customer Touch Points and you have got such a 
large customer base. But the Third Party income is not commensurate.  Can you give 
some colour on that, what are we doing and what efforts we are making to achieve 
that? We have got subsidiaries also.  Because it comes with the similar kind of 
infrastructure and you don't have to spend much on that, and the income comes in. 
What are the roadmaps ahead to take it forward?  
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO  
So as far as the customer Touch Points are concerned, there are around 36,000 Touch 
Points as of 30th September, which has increased by nearly 30% during this quarter.  
36 are the branches which we have opened, out of which 27 branches are in the Semi-
Urban area. And the remaining are the BC points. So these are all Touch Points we 
have introduced in the Bank to engage more with the customers and bring more 
business for the Bank, both on the deposit side and also on the advance side and also 
from the third-party products. 
So that is one part. As regards the third-party business is concerned, so one is the 
Mutual Fund. So Mutual Fund business where the AUM was around Rs.3,500 crores 
as on March 23, today the AUM is around Rs.11,000 crores. 
So that is the kind of AUM growth we are seeing in the mutual fund, which is our own 
100% subsidiary. So there also good traction is seen and we are seeing that by March 
25, this AUM will go even further. That is one part through which the income is coming 
and in fact, as on the October month, this subsidiary also became profitable on its 
own. 
So that is one positive thing which has happened in the Bank. The second part is the 
insurance selling, which is the life insurance. Here also if you see from the third-party 
products, 60% of the income YoY increase has happened in the non-interest income 
from sale of third-party products like insurance. 

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 25 of 26 
 
So there also we are getting good traction by selling our own subsidiary joint venture 
with Union Bank, which is the SUD Life Insurance product, number one and also 
selling the insurance products of LIC, which is our prime partner as far as the life 
insurance is concerned. That is the second part. Third is now we are having from the 
Top Management side a strategy for increasing our Credit Card business. 
So that strategy also we are working on and some tie-ups and other things will be 
happening very shortly and that also we will be going to scale up in the coming 
quarters, our Credit Card business. Fourth is our BOI Shareholding subsidiary, in 
which now we have got the RBI approval for doing the DSA work. So in that DSA work, 
the work has already started and this is kind of a retail growth which we are seeing. 
So these DSAs are now employed by our BOI Shareholding. They are deploying them 
in various zones and FGMs. Already 5-6 FGMs offices have already been deployed 
and zones have been deployed.  These DSAs and they are giving good business to 
the Bank and their commission is based on the disbursal which happens from the fees 
which they are giving. So that DSA business is also there now, which has started 
picking up. By the end of the financial year, all 13 FGM offices will be covered through 
this DSA business. 
So the loan side will get covered.  After that, in the second phase, we will do the liability 
products like we will be marketing for Saving and Current accounts and also retail term 
deposit. And in the next phase, third party products like selling of insurance, mutual 
funds and demand accounts and also Credit Cards and other things. 
And in the fourth phase, we will be going for collection also through them. Collection 
for the SMA accounts and recovery in the NPA account. So that full strategy we have 
already made and this will get panned out in the next 18-24 months from the BOI 
Shareholding. 
So all things done and being there. So we are trying to make as much profit as possible 
from third party products. Apart from that, a lot of work is happening on the IT side 
through the digital platform which is Finestra, which is a virtual platform for supply 
chain financing. 
So that will also get enabled by end of March 2025. Once that online happens, a lot of 
supply chain financing through digital mode will also start in the Bank. So all these 
things taken together, I think a lot of products and other things will happen. 
Mr. Ashok Ajmera 
Thank you sir for such a relevant lecture and details. In fact, it should be known to 
everyone. Bank of India probably among the Public Sector Banks these days, recently 
in last one and a half year is the most cheapest stock available. 

                                      Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
                                                                                                        November 12, 2024 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 26 of 26 
 
Your book value is about Rs.137 and your share price is Rs.108 rupees, which is still 
running at a discount where many of the Public Sector Banks are 2 plus 2.5 plus book 
they are running. So you are doing a lot of things and I think you should have a little 
more interaction with people and people should know that how much you are doing 
for the Bank. Sir, two things. 
One, this Credit Cost target and Cost to Income. 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
Credit Cost, I already said that it will be 0.70% by 2025. 
Mr. Ashok Ajmera 
Cost to Income. Will it come down below 50?  
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
No, not in this financial year, not in this financial year. It should be around 51. 
Mr. Ashok Ajmera 
Okay, thank you. Thank you very much for giving the opportunity and details. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to request our MD Sir for closing 
remarks.  
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO 
I will only say thank you to all of you who have come physically also and also joined 
for the virtual mode. Thank you so much for being part of this Analyst Meet and we will 
be happy to interact with you on a regular basis and if any query is there, anything is 
there, you can reach us to the top management at any time and we will be happy to 
answer all your queries. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much, Sir. 
