Emcure 
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Registered Office: Plot No. P-1 & P-2, IT-BT Park, Phase-II, M.I.D.C., Hinjawadi, Pune - 411057, Maharashtra, India 
Phone Nos.: +91 20 – 35070033/ 35070000 Fax No.: +91 20 3507 0060 
E-mail: corporate@emcure.com  Website: www.emcure.com  CIN: L24231PN1981PLC024251 
 
Ref: EPL/CS/SE/0027/2024               
 
 
 
     Date: November 13, 2024 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Script Symbol: EMCURE 
BSE Limited  
P J Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code/Symbol: 544210/ EMCURE 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Earnings Call – Q2 FY25 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and further to our intimation dated October 29, 2024, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Call for the Q2 FY25, held on Thursday, 
November 07, 2024 at 6.30 p.m. (IST).  
 
 
The above-mentioned transcript is also being uploaded on the website of the Company i.e. 
https://www.emcure.com. 
 
You are requested to take the above information on your records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
 
Chetan Sharma 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership Number: F8352 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
SHARMA 
CHETAN 
RAJENDRA
Digital Signer:SHARMA CHETAN RAJENDRA
DN:CN=SHARMA CHETAN RAJENDRA, 
SERIALNUMBER=7df49a2c2161f1bd13dab2b8590f7c
d47beafc42d956488093bb6333a563241b, S=Gujarat, 
PostalCode=382424, 
Phone=
3a802b2fb3bca85b33cedf656295f5a65858421504e3356c
9f0d87c85b62cc2b, 
OID.2.5.4.65=032c49fc35c648e693a6f7973ef2ed00, 
T=0776, O=PERSONAL, C=IN
Date:13-11-2024 15:42:49 +05:30

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SATISH MEHTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CEO – EMCURE PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
 
MR. TAJUDDIN SHAIKH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
EMCURE PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
 
MR. VIKAS THAPAR – PRESIDENT, CORPORATE 
DEVELOPMENT, STRATEGY AND FINANCE – EMCURE 
PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED  
 
MR. SAMIT MEHTA– WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR– 
EMCURE PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
 
MR. PIYUSH NAHAR–EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, 
CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT AND STRATEGY– 
EMCURE PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Emcure Pharmaceuticals Q2 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Piyush Nahar, Executive Vice President, Corporate 
Development and Strategy. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Piyush Nahar: 
Thank you, Del. Good evening, everyone. Earlier today, we released our financials for the 
second quarter of fiscal 2025 along with our press release. These are also posted on our website. 
We hope you all had the opportunity to review it. I'd like to bring to everyone's notice that this 
call is being recorded and the recording and transcripts will be available on our website. 
 
To discuss the Company's business performance and outlook, we have on the call our Managing 
Director & CEO, Mr. Satish Mehta, our CFO, Mr. Tajuddin Shaikh, President, Corporate 
Development, Strategy and Finance, Mr. Vikas Thapar, and our Whole-time Director, Mr. Samit 
Mehta.  
Before we begin, I want to remind everyone about the safe harbour related to today's investor 
call. Today's discussion may include certain forward-looking statements which must be 
reviewed in conjunction with the risks that our business faces that could cause our future results, 
performance or achievements to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. 
 
At the end of the call, if you have any queries which remain unanswered, please feel free to 
contact us. I would now request Mr. Satish Mehta to provide the opening remarks. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Satish Mehta: 
Good evening. Thank you, Piyush. Good evening to all of you. Let me take the opportunity to 
wish you a belated Happy Diwali and of course, a very prosperous New Year. It is an absolute 
honour and pleasure to speak to all of you today and present our Q2 FY25 Results Update. Just 
to let you know, we released our Q2 results today afternoon and I hope you had a chance to have 
a look at them. In Q2, we delivered a very strong performance. Our revenues grew by 20% year-
on-year basis while our PAT grew by 38% year-on-year basis. During the quarter, all our 
businesses performed well. 
 
Let me give some key business updates and Taj, of course, will walk you through the detailed 
financials. Some of the key developments as per the second quarter is concerned are, when we 
met during the road show, we talked about entering into new therapies to expand our covered 
market. I specifically mentioned about going for the areas where we have negligible presence 
and in the areas where we have to double down. I am happy to announce that we have recently 
onboarded a new team in our Derma to grow that business. To give adequate focus to Derma, 
we have set up a new 100% owned subsidiary, Emcutix to grow that business. Emcutix will be 
headed by Mr. Sathya Narayanan. Sathya brings with him over the three decades of extensive 

 
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
experience in the dermatology sector. As far as he is concerned, he started his career with 
Fulford, then known as Schering-Plough Subsequently, he became the Chief Executive and 
Managing Director of Galderma for South Asia. All of you are familiar with the brand Cetaphil. 
As far as this particular brand is concerned, this happened under Sathya's leadership. Obviously, 
we are very excited about this and Sathya is also building an absolutely top class, competent 
team for our Derma business. And you will see a lot of new product launches and initiatives in 
this segment going forward.  
As you know, we at Emcure have a strong presence in the field of HIV. We are one of the major 
suppliers to the Sub-Saharan Africa and other areas for HIV. A very major development has 
taken place in the current quarter. We recently in-licensed Lenacapavir from Gilead Sciences 
for India and Emerging Markets. This, in our view, is a path-breaking product in the ARV 
treatment regime and this adds to our strength in the ARV segment. The license also highlights 
our focus on innovation and new products. In the meantime, as I mentioned last time about 
Sanofi, our journey to have similar alliances will continue. In-licensing is a major part of the job 
which is spearheaded by me. We will continue looking out for opportunities to build our business 
in the domestic market.  
Having said that, we recently got approval for our facility for EU GMP for our biologics. As I 
told you last time, our focus is going to be on domestic and emerging markets. The EU GMP 
approval for biologics will help us to get faster approvals in targeted emerging markets and this 
I see a reasonably good development going forward.  
Having talked about the major developments in quarter 2, let me now talk about our key 
businesses. In India, we have grown at 15% in domestic business. Ex of Ferric Carboxymaltose 
and without factoring Sanofi, our base business has grown by 7%-8% which is broadly in line 
with the industry.  
As you are aware, industry growth has been muted in Q2 with Acute seeing the most impact. 
For us, as highlighted in the last quarter, extreme impact is still there in Q2 growth as the product 
FCM went off the patent in October last year. Our objective is to grow faster than the industry 
as far as the domestic market is concerned which is very close to my heart. To achieve this, we 
have been working on multiple initiatives over the past few quarters. I alluded to in licensing 
sometime back, there is going to be a major thing which will be spearheaded by me. I have 
already talked about Derma. As far as the cardiac side is concerned, the Sanofi business has 
integrated very well and with this, we will also look at benefits from product synergies and co-
promotion because absolutely top-class team from Sanofi which is very well integrated with 
Emcure is now promoting products with lot of vigour and vitality.  
As you know, we are known as a women's healthcare business. Gynaec business is very 
important for Emcure and the gynaec business continues to do well. Our key anaemia franchise, 
Orofer XT, is seeing double digit growth. This has been led by awareness programs like anaemia 
camps and focus on growing prescriber base and as we go forward, we will double down in the 
gynaec segment which is a very key growth area as far as Emcure is concerned.  

 
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
Having talked about the domestic business and having told about Derma or even for that matter 
cardiac and double down on gynaec and also focusing on other segments, let me now turn my 
attention to the international business. I am happy to say that as far as the international business 
is concerned, on the back of differentiated portfolios is doing well and tracking ahead of our 
expectations.  
As far as Canada is concerned, both our base business and recently acquired Mantra are doing 
very well. The focus here is on new product launches, complex products and market share gains 
and we are obviously seeing positive gains and positive signs as far as this strategy is concerned.  
As I told in the beginning, domestic market and emerging markets are very important to us and 
in emerging markets, both ARV and non-ARV segments or AR part of the business are doing 
very well. ARV business after two muted years, we are seeing some recovery in the market. Our 
order book is very strong here. What has also helped us is new launches especially in the 
PEPFAR segment from our new facility at Kadu. We expect the business to see strong growth 
in the current year. On non-ARV front, we are seeing traction for our differentiated products. 
We are seeing approval for connected place in our key markets, the products which are 
essentially promoting for stroke and this product is very well received not only in India but in 
emerging markets as well. As far as EU is concerned, as we are guided, EU growth in the current 
year will be a bit muted. H1 growth is healthy 7% nevertheless. 
 
Overall, with the initiatives we have taken, we hope to sustain our growth momentum. Our focus 
going forward will be to improve our margins led by operating leverage. I am extremely 
conscious of the fact that the margins have to improve. We are making positive development in 
that direction. Operating leverage and focusing on profitability is going to be a major area on 
which all of us will be focused.  
With that, I would now request my CFO, Taj, to give you more colour and details about the 
financials for the quarter which has just ended. Thank you very much for giving me a patient 
hearing. I appreciate your support and looking forward to working very closely as we go forward. 
Thanks once again. 
Tajuddin Shaikh: 
Good evening, everyone. As mentioned by the CEO, Q2 has been a strong quarter for us. Our 
revenue from operations grew by 20% year over year to INR 2,002 crores for Q2, growing from 
INR 1,663 crores in Q2 for financial year 2024. Our domestic business grew 15% year over year 
to INR 933 crores aided by Sanofi's portfolio, offsetting the decline due to FCM. 
 
Ex-FCM and Ex-Sanofi registered a steady growth of 7%-8% year over year and 3% QoQ. Our 
international markets which represent nearly 50% of our revenues grew at a robust 25% to INR 
1,069 crores led by our EM and Canadian markets. Organically, the business grew 14%. Canada 
grew 51% to INR296 crores for Q2. Base business continues to do well. Europe grew 6% to INR 
362 crores for Q2. 
 
Emerging markets saw very strong growth of 29% led by growth in both ARV and non-ARV 
segments. EM sales stood at Rs 411 crores. Coming to gross margins, gross margins for the 

 
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
quarter stood at 60.6% against 62.9% in Q2 FY24. The decline is due to business mix. Sanofi 
business is at lower margins and a little bit of higher ARV sales. The base business GC 
percentage are stable year over year. 
 
Our EBITDA grew 26% year over year to INR 417 crores. EBITDA margins stood at 20.8% 
higher than Q2 FY-24 and Q1 FY-25. This was partly aided by other income. 
 
Base margins ex the one-time other income improved 50 bps QoQ as we saw operational 
leverage and MR productivity improvement which we have talked about before. Depreciation 
and amortization expenses increased to INR 97 crores from INR 70 crores year over year due to 
the Mantra acquisition and operationalization of four new plants. QoQ depreciation is largely 
stable. 
 
Our interest cost for the quarter was at INR 46 crores which will be lower going forward due to 
the reduction in debt. The interest cost in the current quarter includes INR 8 crores one-time 
expense related to prepayment of loans. Our estimated tax rate for Q2 was at around 26%. 
 
Our PAT for Q2 stood at INR 202 crores growing 38% year over year. Coming to the balance 
sheet side, our net debt for the quarter end stood at INR 705 crores down from INR 1,558 crores 
at the start of the fiscal year and down from INR 846 crores at end July. Our working capital 
days remained stable at around 96 days at the end of September.  
We can now begin the question and answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is on the line 
of Gagan Thareja from ASK Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Good evening, sir. The first question is on the cash flow generation. If I look at the operating 
cash flow for the first half of this year versus first half of last year, there is a reduction. Can you 
elaborate on that? Is it largely coming from an increase in working capital? 
Tajuddin Shaikh: 
It’s primarily that the business has grown, so there is an increase in working capital, which has 
led to a reduction in the cash flow. 
Gagan Thareja: 
No, but I mean, if the growth is in line with business, then there shouldn't be a reduction in 
absolute value of operating cash flow. Is there an increase in working capital days per se? 
Tajuddin Shaikh: 
Working capital days is similar to what was there as of March 24.  
Piyush Nahar:  
I think, Gagan, what's also happened is we had the Sanofi business which got added on from 
April 1st. So, there's a working capital addition which has happened for that. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Right. So, that's what I'm asking. Is the working capital terms on the Sanofi licensing deal 
different? Is it higher? 

 
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Piyush Nahar: 
No, it's similar. So, if you look at the working capital days, it remains similar, largely, versus 
March. I think last September, it was probably slightly lower. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Okay. And, I mean, you indicate that base business ex of Sanofi and excluding, you know, the 
product which has gone, which has seen a loss of exclusivity is around 7% to 8%. Is it possible 
to quantify, just excluding Sanofi, what would have been the year-on-year growth without 
considering the impact of the LOE product? 
Piyush Nahar: 
So, ex of Sanofi just will probably have been low single digits growth that we have seen. 
Gagan Thareja: 
And on the Gilead deal, two questions there. One, you know, Lenacapavir is a capsid inhibitor 
and as far as I can understand, a superior product to the current first line of treatment, which is 
the TLD combination. And if there is a voluntary license issued, it could perhaps become the 
standard of care in the LMIC market also. So, can you perhaps give us some idea, one, of when 
will this deal start commercial contribution? And second, what scale can it achieve in your 
assessment in the markets for which you have the license? 
Samit Mehta: 
Sure. So, you know, as you must have read, six players have been granted the license for 120 
countries. Currently, you know, it's under the process of getting the tech pack from them. So, 
there's a lot of technology sharing that is happening where Gilead is sharing with us for both the 
drug substance and drug product. So, once that is complete, it will follow a similar pathway like 
most other products, where it would be an 18 - 24 months development cycle and then filing. 
And then, of course, after that, it will be, you know, whatever regulatory approvals and 
commercialization post that. At this point, we don't have a very concise assessment on the 
potential of this molecule at commercial launch. 
Gagan Thareja:  
So, I mean, if you look at the LMIC market for ARV drugs, it is, I think, close to a billion dollars 
or USD1-1.2 billion. What I'm trying to understand is, once this product comes in, your base 
business, which is the current first line of treatment will go down and this will go up. Does that 
mean that net-net for you, the sales in ARV will remain broadly what it is, because there's a shift 
away from one line of treatment to another line of treatment? Or do you think this will be 
accretive for you in the ARV markets? 
Samit Mehta:  
I believe the potential of this product could possibly be far larger than the current ARV market. 
The reason being is, while today it is approved only as a treatment, I understand that trials are 
also going on for use of this molecule in a preventive or prophylactic indication. So, if that comes 
through, probably the market size itself will increase compared to where it is today. And then, 
the potential could surpass the current market. 
Gagan Thareja:  
Okay. But you don't see this sort of coming to the markets at least for the next 2 years. It's only 
after that, that any commercial contribution starts. Is that how it is? 
 

 
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Samit Mehta: 
I believe it will be phase-wise. So, probably, you know, the domestic market approval and 
launches in India for the four players that have got the license could be earlier. Whereas, for the 
other markets, where you actually have to file the dossier and then depend on their regulatory 
authorities, it could be a little more elongated. 
Gagan Thareja:  
And, sir, going into the second half of the year, how should we think of, growth in your various 
key markets, India, Canada, EU and ROW? And, in terms of margin profile, do we see a 
continuous improvement over the coming quarters? 
Piyush Nahar: 
Yeah. So, I think in terms of for us, usually 2H is better in terms of growth in the international 
market. So, I think the guidance what we have given is overall for the full year, we expect growth 
to be about 20% plus. And we can maintain that. I think we will be on track to deliver that. On 
the margins front also, 2H, you should see better margins than what we had in 1H. I think the 
endeavour will be to improve margins going forward. 
Gagan Thareja:  
And how much will the interest costs further come down by in the second half? 
Tajuddin Shaikh: 
It will come down by around INR 25 crores. Other than the exceptional of INR 8 crores, that's 
going to come down anyway. 
Gagan Thareja:  
Okay. And is there an element of any forex gain in your other income? There's a substantial 
jump in your other income? 
Piyush Nahar: 
There's about INR 5 crores of forex gains, let's say. 
Gagan Thareja: 
All right. Okay. Thanks, sir. I'll get back in the queue if I have more questions. Thanks for taking 
my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Dipesh Sancheti from Mania Finance. Please go 
ahead. 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
First of all, I want to congratulate the management. Excellent set of numbers. Just wanted to 
know where the growth going ahead will come from. Will it come from acquisition-led growth? 
Or will the core business also show similar kind of 20% growth as you mentioned? 
Piyush Nahar:  
So, I think what you mentioned is that 20% growth includes some of the inorganic factors that 
we have. Organically, if you look at it, overall, we have been growing at about 12% odd. 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Okay. And going ahead, we see acquisition-led growth in the future. I mean, I'm talking about 
the next two to three years. 
Piyush Nahar: 
I think what we already stated earlier also that we do continue looking at acquisition. So that is 
one area we will look at. I think for us, the focus area that we have talked about is one in India 
is going to be the big focus market for us, where we look for brands. And historically, we haven't 
done that, but that is something which we will look at going forward. 

 
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Vikas Thapar: 
Just to add, I think what we have guided in the past also is that in the Indian context, we aspire 
to grow slightly faster than overall industry growth, which we anticipate. Obviously, the industry 
is probably growing at high single digits. Whereas in the international part of our business, given 
the mix of the geographies we are present in, we believe that organically that growth will be in 
the low double digits. And then, of course, where we can evaluate and vote on any acquisitions 
on top of this profile for both domestic and international, we will continue to be actively looking 
for such opportunities. 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
For this year, since you said that H2 will be better than H1, should we expect that in FY25, we 
should have about INR 1,000 crores of profit? 
Piyush Nahar: 
I don't think we are giving out profit guidance at all here. I think the guidance that you have 
given is on the revenue side will be 20% plus, and EBITDA margins that we talk about, about 
20% to 21%. 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
20% to 21%. Okay, fine. Fine, I will get back in the line. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Alankar Garude from Kotak Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Alankar Garude: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Satish, you spoke about traction in Tenecteplase in emerging 
markets, can you please elaborate on the key markets wherein we are seeing that traction? And 
secondly, do we have that 4.5-hour approval in each of these markets or in some markets, we 
are still at 3 hours? 
Satish Mehta: 
Samit will answer just to let you know that we got registration in Sri Lanka some time back and 
we got a reasonably big order from Sri Lanka. So, it's on the verge of getting registration in 
Philippines, so that can virtually happen in the next few days. We are actively pursuing in 
Thailand and even for that matter some Latin American countries.  
Then our trial for this particular product is over in Russia. So overall we see a lot of traction for 
this product going forward. And as I mentioned, this is also going to be helped by the EU 
approval. Because you know in emerging market, if the product is approved by EU, obviously 
it puts it on the fast track. Samit, would you like to add something? 
Samit Mehta: 
Sure, just to echo the key geographies that we are seeing traction are CIS, some countries in 
Middle East, North Africa and Southeast Asia. So far, the majority of the approvals and demand 
that we are seeing are for the myocardial infarction indication. There are couple of countries 
based on the novelty of the indication and the proven efficacy in stroke which are also beginning 
to import this on special access and which will also be followed by a registration in those 
countries. 
 
 

 
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
So, in that context to answer you whether it is a 3-hour window or a 4-hour window, that's not 
yet a part of the approval there. But given that the fact in India the package insert has the 4-hour 
extension now, it should pretty much mimic that in whichever countries it gets registered for 
that indication. 
Alankar Garude: 
Understood. So basically, in terms of penetration, it is safer to assume that in many of these 
emerging markets, there is a good growth runway ahead for the next few years and then Europe 
will be on top of that. Is that a fair statement? 
Samit Mehta: 
Yes, I think in the emerging markets where it qualifies as a biosimilar for the original approved 
indication of MIs, the traction is higher and there is a good growth runway. The real runway will 
come in once we get approvals for the ischemic stroke indication as well and the facility GMP 
accreditation from EU should fast track that process in many countries. 
Alankar Garude: 
Understood. The second question is you spoke about strong growth expectations in ARV in this 
fiscal. Can you firstly comment on the current scale of the ARV business and if possible, split 
between India and international? And maybe a sub-question there would be given the lumpy 
nature of the business, is it possible to comment on the outlook for FY26 as well? Thank you. 
Piyush Nahar: 
So, ARV when we are talking about is largely the international business which we have in the 
rest of the world markets. I think in domestic what we had highlighted even last year itself is 
that it has become very small. For the current quarter about roughly half of the rest of the world 
market business was ARV and full year also it will be roughly about similar for us in terms of 
the Rest of the world market. 
Vikas Thapar: 
Yes, I think we have a fairly strong order book on the ARV products that we will be servicing 
for the rest of the year. So, we think that we have fairly good visibility for FY25 for the ARV 
segment.  
Alankar Garude: 
And possible to comment on FY26 outlook for ARV? 
Piyush Nahar: 
I think it is too early. It is probably next quarter around. 
Satish Mehta: 
It is a tender driven business to that extent it is very difficult to have a guess. But at the same 
time if you look at the traditional outlook for last five years, we have been consistently meeting 
the numbers. But at the same time, a definite answer is difficult because it is a tender driven 
business. 
Alankar Garude: 
Fair enough. So basically, sir the question there is I mean we are talking about improved margins 
in the second half and our understanding is margins in ARV would be lower than the corporate 
average for us. So, the question then is which are the key segments which are going to drive 
better margins in the second half for us assuming ARV continues to remain strong in the second 
half? 

 
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Piyush Nahar: 
So, I think for us it is a couple of factors. One is some of these operating leverage for both from 
the factory side and also as the MR productivity keeps on rising that drives out. And secondly 
some of the non-ARV business in the emerging market that is more back-ended into 2H. So that 
as it picks up you will see that margin traction coming through. 
Vikas Thapar: 
And of course, on the India business side we continue to undertake efforts for gaining some 
operating leverage from the productivity improvements as well. 
Alankar Garude: 
Understood. And one final question. On an organic basis apart from Gynaec which are the key 
therapies you expect to drive out performance over the market say in the next 2-3 years? 
Piyush Nahar:  
So, if you look at for the next 2-3 years Gynaec is one area. Cardio I think is where you will see 
a growth picking up for us especially with the Sanofi integration now fully behind us. As you 
mentioned among the newer areas Diabetes and Derma are the two areas that we will be putting 
a lot more focus on. We are seeing a lot more product launches there. CNS based on the 
Tenectase that we are seeing a lot of growth out there. On the more acute side where your anti-
infectives and vitamins where we have added the 500-field force on the Zuventus side that is 
where we expect the growth to come through. 
Alankar Garude:  
Understood. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gagan Thareja from ASK Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Thanks for taking the question. Is it possible for you to give some more flavour of how your 
Zuventus and the Gennova businesses have fared in the first half of the year? How do you see 
them panning out in the second half of the year? 
Piyush Nahar:  
Gagan, we are not breaking it up right now. I think you have seen the full year numbers of how 
Zuventus and Gennova are doing. But I think Zuventus is broadly in line with what we see in 
the domestic market that you are seeing. Gennova is doing slightly better out there with some of 
the biosimilars doing well. But we are not breaking that up right now. 
Gagan Thareja:  
You are starting this new subsidiary. You put in a team in place. Any vision or aspiration for 
this that you can share perhaps with a 3- or 5-year time window in mind? How do you see this 
evolving? 
Piyush Nahar:  
I think as we have been talking about, Derma is one of the focus areas we want to be present in. 
With the team that we have building it out there, I think the idea will be to launch a lot of 
differentiated products which has been Emcure’s focus and strategy. You will see that similar 
thing replicated out there. I don't want to put out guidance or even in terms of targets on where 
we want to be. But that is going to be one of our key drivers going forward. 
Gagan Thareja:  
Is it possible to break down your base business domestic growth, ex of Sanofi into volume and 
new introductions in price broadly? 

 
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Piyush Nahar:  
If I look at ex-Sanofi, ex-FCM because that has a big price delta. Volume growth has been about 
3-4%. Pricing is up another 2-3%. And new products is another 2-3% broadly. 
Gagan Thareja:  
You are basically saying that volume growth has been reasonably ahead of the IPM volume 
growth for your covered business?  
Piyush Nahar:  
Yes.  
Gagan Thareja: 
You expect to be able to sustain this kind of volume growth going ahead? 
Piyush Nahar: 
I think that is our focus and that is what we have been targeting out. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Is it also possible to understand your current PCPM and how does it stack up versus the first 
quarter and versus comparable quarter of last year, that is Q2 of last year? 
Piyush Nahar: 
First quarter we were at 6.3. In Q2 we are at about 6.6. Last year same quarter we were at about 
5.9.  
Vikas Thapar: 
I think we had obviously guided towards that by FY25 end our aspiration is to be in that sort of 
high 6s territory and we are very happy with the Q2 performance and we think that should 
hopefully continue to move in that direction as well. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Have you also had to discontinue any product because of regulatory reasons? I think under the 
irrational FDC list there was one drug from Emcure. I don't remember the name but I do 
remember there was one drug for Emcure. Is it possible to give an idea of which drug was that 
and what was its contribution? 
Satish Mehta: 
The drug that we had was Etodolac + Paracetamol. That is the drug which has been discontinued. 
At the same time as far as that particular drug is concerned the contribution is less than INR10 
crores. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Okay. All right. And for the four new plants that you set up, how is the capacity utilization faring 
for each of them currently? 
Samit Mehta: 
We have four plants which we mentioned. The first one was the oral solids facility at Kadu. 
There the capacity utilization has picked up very well primarily because as CEO mentioned right 
up front we also started using that facility for some of the ARV supplies especially under 
PEPFAR. The second plant is our Emerging Markets plant in Mehsana. There the injectable 
facility has very low utilization at present it is still filing products. The Oral Solids facility is 
closer to 50% because a lot of site transfers for Europe and Canada have happened there.  
Biosimilars facility, given the fact that it has just got EU accreditation, now is the time when we 
will start utilizing it for doing a lot of validation batches and filing products as well. And in 
terms of the oncology block at Sanand, that also is seeing good momentum in terms of increased 
capacity utilization. 

 
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Gagan Thareja: 
And the Canadian acquisition, how has that one fared for you in terms of is it tracking in line 
with your expectations? And in terms of margins, where does it stack up currently versus your 
overall average margin with site transfers and so on what is the scope of taking margins up there? 
Vikas Thapar: 
In fact, we are very happy with the recent acquisition of Mantra. In fact, for the current year, it 
is probably tracking slightly higher than our own expectations for the first half. They have 
partially benefited from some of the supply disruptions, given some of the peers ran into issues 
with the regulatory agencies, which created some short-term opportunities for that business as 
well, which we were able to capture the market share. 
 
In terms of profitability, I think broadly it is tracking in line or slightly higher than the overall 
profitability average from an EBITDA margin profile of the entire business. So very happy, but 
I think we think that this business will continue to fare well in the remainder of FY25. And as 
we look towards FY26, just given what we acquired it, the number of synergistic opportunities 
to take the products, as we highlighted in the roadshow, both some of their products for the rest 
of Canada, as well as our existing Canadian businesses' products for the Quebec region. So, we 
think that that will continue to unfold over the next 12 months as well. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Thanks again for taking my questions. I wish you all the best. I will get back in the queue for 
more if I have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. There is a follow-up question from Gagan Thareja from ASK Investment Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Thanks. One question on the India business, and this is not specific to the company, but it seems 
that acute companies with perhaps a higher share of acute in their portfolios have really struggled 
for growth throughout the first half of this year. I can understand that companies which have a 
high share of NLEM would have struggled to show growth, but even for companies which have 
a lower share of NLEM like you as well, it's been a bit of a challenge. Any thoughts around what 
has led to this and what should we expect as a baseline growth for the acute share or the acute 
part of the Indian pharmaceutical market? 
Piyush Nahar: 
I think, Gagan, it's difficult to bring out the industry. We were expecting a bit of pick-up, 
especially with the monsoon and all, but that hasn't happened. I think we'll wait for some more 
time before we can give you a proper update on what is driving that, the slow growth in acute. 
Satish Mehta: 
Gagan, it's very difficult to hazard a guess. There are lots of theories which are being flouted 
around. Somebody says that generic business is taking their share, Jan Aushadhi is playing, and 
even for that matter, the new stores, so that the government of India is very actively starting. So, 
it's very difficult to come to any conclusion. Maybe it will take some time before we know what's 
happening. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Okay. And the sales force addition, the field force addition that you've done, is it in your 
geographical areas or do you believe that there is more to capture in your existing strongholds? 
How have you sort of strategized around the manpower addition, if you could give some idea of 

 
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
what thought went into the absolute value of headcount increase and how you positioned it in 
various markets? 
Vikas Thapar: 
You know, it's a combination of both those aspects. As we had highlighted, the additions which 
were roughly 50% of the net additions were on our Zuventus subsidiary side where one of their 
divisions was becoming quite a large division with a number of mega brands. So, there they 
went in for a vertical split in those geographies so that we could give more attention to detailing 
those key brands and be able to add any new launches in the near future as well. 
 
So, there it wasn't necessarily geographic expansion, but rather just bringing that focus attention 
to the strong brands. On the Emcure side, which is the more chornic, some of the more sub-
chronic segments, there we did go in for some geographic expansion, particularly where we're 
historically very strong in the metros and tier 1, some of the expansion took place to really cater 
to more of the tier 2, tier 3 geographies. So, that's where we saw some of the additions take place. 
And we're happy in both the cases, how that's tracking overall. 
Gagan Thareja: 
And what's the current attrition rate for your India salesforce? 
Satish Mehta: 
It's in line with the industry. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Alright. Final one, sir, from my side. How should we think of growth for your European 
business? I think for this year, you mentioned perhaps it's only towards the last part of this year 
that the growth might start kicking in. How should we think about FY26 growth for the European 
business? 
Piyush Nahar: 
I think for Europe, our target will be going forward to be in the double-digit growth. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Thanks. I'll get back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Piyush Nahar for closing comments.  
Piyush Nahar: 
Thank you everyone for joining today's investor call. If you have any queries which still remain 
unanswered, please feel free to get in touch with us. Thank you. Have a good evening. 
Satish Mehta: 
Have a good evening. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Emcure Pharmaceuticals, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
