WESTLIFE FOODWORLD LTD.  
[Formerly known as Westlife Development Ltd.] 
Regd. Off.: 1001, Tower-3, 10th Floor  One International Center  
Senapati Bapat Marg  Prabhadevi  Mumbai 400 013 
Tel : 022-4913 5000  Fax : 022-4913 5001 
CIN No. : L65990MH1982PLC028593 
 
 
Website: www.westlife.co.in | E-mail id :shatadru@westlife.co.in 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         
 
           
Date: 30th October, 2024 
To, 
 
 
 
     To, 
BSE Ltd. (‘the BSE) 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited (‘the NSE’) 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers      Exchange Plaza 
Dalal Street                              Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
     Mumbai – 400051      
 
Sub :    Compliance with Regulations 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, 
Submission of transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter ended 30th 
September, 2024 
Re   : Westlife Foodworld Ltd. (formerly known as Westlife Development Ltd.) (“the 
Company”) : Scrip Code-505533 and WESTLIFE (NSE) 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
In compliance with Regulations 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith 
transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter ended 30th September, 2024, held post the 
Board Meeting of the Company on 24th October, 2024. 
 
In this regard, the transcript of the said earnings conference call has also been uploaded on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
and 
can 
be 
accessed 
at 
the 
weblink: 
https://www.westlife.co.in/investors/financial-news-and-information/ 
 
You are requested to take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Westlife Foodworld Limited 
 
 
 
 
Dr Shatadru Sengupta 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl : as above 
SHATADRU 
SENGUPTA
Digitally signed by 
SHATADRU SENGUPTA 
Date: 2024.10.30 
15:20:22 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
Westlife Foodworld Limited  
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
▪ Mr. Amit Jatia – Chairperson 
▪ Ms. Smita Jatia – Vice Chairperson 
▪ Mr. Saurabh Kalra – Managing Director 
▪ Mr. Akshay Jatia – Executive Director 
▪ Mr. Hrushit Shah – Chief Financial Officer 
▪ Mr. Chintan Jajal – Lead Investor Relations 
 
 

 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Westlife Foodworld Limited Q2 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
We would like to remind you that certain statements made by the management in 
today's call may be forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements 
reflect management's best judgment and analysis as of today. The actual results may 
differ materially from the current expectations based on a number of factors affecting 
the business. Please refer to the safe harbour disclosure in the earnings presentation. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Chintan Jajal. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Chintan Jajal: 
Thanks, Sagar. Welcome, everyone and thank you for joining us on Westlife Foodworld 
Earnings Conference Call for the second quarter ended 30th September 2024. I'm 
Chintan Jajal, Lead IR at Westlife. From the management team, I have with me Mr. Amit 
Jatia, Chairperson; Ms. Smita Jatia, Vice Chairperson; Mr. Saurabh Kalra, Managing 
Director; Mr. Akshay Jatia, Executive Director and Mr. Hrushit Shah, Chief Financial 
Officer. 
 
We will kick off today's conversation with Akshay sharing his thoughts on overall 
business progress and outlook. This will be followed by Saurabh taking us through 
operational, financial and strategic highlights. Post that, we can open the forum for 
questions and answers. We will be referring to earnings presentation and financial 
releases available on the BSE, NSE and Investors page of our website. 
 
With that, I now request Akshay to commence this session. Thank you, and over to you, 
Akshay. 
Akshay Jatia: 
Hello and good evening, everyone. I'm happy to have you on call today. I'll begin with a 
brief overview of the operating environment. As you know the demand environment 
remains challenging across retail and mass consumption categories. Community-
related external issues have been prolonged, particularly impacting dining traffic. 
Furthermore, erratic weather patterns are not just impacting business operations, but 
also leading to heightened volatility of input costs.  
Consequently, our same-store sales growth remained subdued at negative 6.5% for the 
quarter, while overall sales growth stood at 1% year-on-year. Given the high levels of 
fixed costs in our business, unfavourable operating leverage has limited margins. 

 
 
Page 3 of 16 
Having said that, we believe these headwinds are largely abated. Our primary research 
indicates that eating out frequency has remained stable with a slight uptick in certain 
segments. 
 
The share of roadside eatery has been at the lowest level in the past 2 years, suggesting 
a rising preference for hygienic, safe and convenient options as well as increasing 
penetration of large brand branded players. Furthermore, positive macroeconomic 
indicators such as consistent growth in private consumption support our expectation 
of a gradual consumption uptick. While the macro environment continues to play its 
part, we have stepped up our execution on value, innovation and governance.  
These initiatives have started delivering positive results as seen from higher guest 
count in the month of September compared to last year. Our market share numbers are 
inching up in the West, where we are bolstering our market leadership as well as in the 
South where we are nearing a strong position. This quarter is also marked by two 
significant milestones. 
The first one is the launch of the globally successful McCrispy platform as a part of our 
core menu. And the second is the introduction of the multi-millet bun developed in 
collaboration with Central Food Technological Research Institute or CFTRI in line with 
our Real Food Real Good initiative. We are super excited about these launches as we 
enter the festive season. 
 
Our network expansion remains on track with 8 new stores, taking our total to 408 
across 68 cities. As we move forward, we are confident that the foundation we've built 
will continue to propel us towards our Vision 2027 goals. Thank you for your continued 
trust and support. I will now hand over to Saurabh to take you through the financial and 
operational details of the quarter. 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Thank you, Akshay. Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and thank you for joining us to 
discuss our Q2 results. Revenue like Akshay has already mentioned for the quarter 
stood at INR6.18 billion about a percentage increase over the previous year. Same-store 
sales were at a negative 6.5%. While overall consumption trends remain subdued 
compared to last year, they were stable sequentially. In fact, this is one of the quarters 
where we did equal to our Q1 numbers which is generally the holiday season despite all 
the rain issues and other climate issues we had. 
 
Our on-premise business declined by 2% Y-o-Y primarily due to softer dine-in trends, 
community-related external issues and heavy rains that significantly impacted July in 
our key markets. However, momentum in August and September was relatively better. 

 
 
Page 4 of 16 
The off-premise business grew by 5% Y-o-Y with flattish same-store sales growth. Our 
average sales per store on a trailing 12-month basis was at INR60 million. 
On the digital journey, with increased traction in our flagship loyalty program, My 
McDonald's Rewards and the adoption of self-ordering kiosks, digital sales now 
accounts for nearly three-fourth of our total sales. We continue to engage over 3 million 
monthly active users through our mobile apps. 
 
Moving on to profitability. Margins during this quarter were muted, largely due to 
unfavourable operating leverage and higher royalty fees. Our gross margin for Q2 
stands at 69.7% was affected by temporary spikes in fresh produce prices particularly 
lettuce where availability did become an issue. That said we expect the gross margin to 
rebound to 70% plus levels in the second half which is a healthy benchmark that allows 
for reinvestment and strategic growth initiatives. 
 
Restaurant operating margin and operating EBITDA margin were down by 352 bps and 
343 bps Y-o-Y respectively. Consequently, staff cost as a percentage of sales increased 
due to annual wage increase while the other operating expenses decreased due to cost 
optimization initiatives despite continued new store addition. Depreciation stood at 
8.1% and we expect this to decline further with higher volume.  
 
Cash profit after tax stood at INR453 million or 7.3% of sales. On network expansion, we 
added 8 new restaurants and closed 3, bringing the total count to 408 stores across 66 
cities as of September. Approximately 94% of these feature McCafe. Pretty much all 
stores which are applicable for McCafe now have McCafe. 90% of the stores are EOTF 
restaurants and 21% offer Drive-Thru services. We remain on track to achieve our FY 
'25 target of 45 to 50 new stores reinforcing our confidence in the long-term growth 
potential of both market and our business. 
 
As we navigate the current challenging business environment we are focusing on three 
key levers to drive profitable growth in the near and medium term. First, our value 
platform. Building our everyday McSaver Meal, we launched a McSaver-plus campaign 
in July aimed at the snacking daypart. This is helping us build momentum in our dine-
in business. As a matter of fact, guest counts in September were already at the last 
year's level. 
 
The second lever is product innovation. We are stepping up with the launch of globally 
successful McCrispy platform. As the name suggests, these products offer a high 
crunch and an indulgent experience to our customers and our premium McDonald's 
range globally. McCrispy Chicken Burger features a whole muscle chicken fillet patty 
paired with a unique water-glazed bun, while the Crispy Veggie Burger offers a patty 

 
 
Page 5 of 16 
made of exotic vegetables like zucchini, aubergine and bell peppers. We've also 
introduced McCrispy Fried Chicken to our bone and chicken portfolio now available 
across the South market. 
 
We officially launched the McCrispy campaign at the start of October and are planning 
to amplify it further during the upcoming festive season. Please do try McCrispy we are 
very, very proud of the product, if you haven't already and please give us feedback, 
good, bad or if you don't like it, please do let us know. 
 
The third lever is robust cost governance. It is critical for maintaining the fiscal and 
financial discipline and achieving our strategic goals. While these productivity 
programs are helping us navigate current challenges, fostering a culture of cost 
consciousness and shared responsibility will position us strongly when the market 
conditions improve and helping us achieve our Vision 2027 targets. 
In conclusion, with these initiatives in place, along with the belief of gradually improving 
consumer spending, we are well positioned to gain momentum in the second half of 
the year. Our market share continues to strengthen month-on-month, highlighting our 
focus on execution and brand building. We remain committed to our Vision 2027 
targets. Thank you for your time. I now hand over the call to the moderator and open 
the floor for your questions. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from 
Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Thanks for taking my question. Akshay, first question is, there is this big growth 
divergence between growth in off-premise channel for McDonald's and the growth 
that the aggregators are reporting, right? So Zomato, for example, has reported 20% 
plus growth, while for us, the delivery channel is in single digit. So, I just wanted to check 
what's your view on this growth divergence versus the aggregator? That's the 
question... 
Akshay Jatia: 
So from our point of view, basis constant and consistent discussions with them, we are 
growing at a very healthy rate on their platform versus or relative to the platform and 
competitors. So from that point of view, they believe that we are in a market-leading 
position even on their platforms. Basis our initial calculation, a lot of the growth that you 
are seeing in the food delivery segment is inorganic. On the organic level, we are seeing 
that the platforms are experiencing pressure. And from the consistent conversation 
during our reviews and partnership discussions, we are quite satisfied with the growth 
rate that our brand is able to achieve. 

 
 
Page 6 of 16 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Understood, Akshay. That's very clear. Second, Akshay, in some of your interviews, you 
sort of indicated about collaborating more with the other franchisee that operates 
McDonald's in India. Plus there was some mention of oil alliance Drive-Thru as well. So 
just if you could throw some light on these 2 things as well. 
Akshay Jatia: 
Sorry, could you just repeat the second half of the question? I couldn't hear you clearly. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Oil alliance Drive-Thrus, are you sort of building some alliance with the fuel pumps or 
something maybe? 
Akshay Jatia: 
So sorry, the first one was around collaboration with North and East. Is that what you 
said? 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Right. Yes. 
Akshay Jatia 
So like we've always maintained, we are separate companies, but we do operate one 
brand. And as the business in the North and East is coming back to shape after the long 
disputes that went on over there and there's a lot of investment going into the business, 
I think that there are opportunities where we do collaborate with them. 
For example, the McCrispy campaign that we've just launched in the festive quarter, 
it's also being launched in the North and East. And we are collaborating in terms of 
product build, offering, pricing as well as advertising. So these are opportunities where 
we see sense in collaborating, and we take advantage wherever we can. In terms of the 
second question, I'll just pass it on to Saurabh, and he'll give you an answer. 
Saurabh Kalra: 
So oil alliance is not new for us. We already have 10 to 12 restaurants operating as oil 
alliance Drive-Thrus. We expect it to continue working with the three big oil companies, 
which is Indian Oil, BPCL and HPCL and see opportunities where it emerges both on the 
highways and in cities where there is an opportunity to put a McDonald's together. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Yes, sir. You were sort of mentioning that you have been in partnership with a few fuel 
retailers. So I could hear you till that point. 
Saurabh Kalra: 
So I was saying that we already have 12 operational stores. Around 12 operational stores 
with the oil line partners, primarily the public sector companies of Indian Oil, HPCL, 
BPCL. We are looking forward to partnering with them more, especially on access 
control highways and the city areas wherever they can provide and wherever we can 
partner together. We already have master agreements with BPCL and HPCL. We're 
trying to do the same with Indian Oil and see how can we expand that base, especially 
for highways. 

 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Understood. Last question from my end. Saurabh sir, from an SSG perspective, Q3, the 
base itself is very favourable where we sort of saw a significant decline due to 
community-specific challenges. So is expecting a mid-single digit kind of a positive 
SSG in Q3 would be a reasonable expectation because we are comping on a low base? 
Is that a right assumption? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
I think we are a momentum business, and what we have learnt is one of the reasons why 
we did value was, we wanted to make sure that the GC momentum comes back first, 
which is the guest count momentum comes back first. Like I said when I was speaking 
also that in September, we saw almost pretty much the same level as last year. 
Now having said that, it is a momentum business, and you don't see overnight turns 
and changes. And so we expect to be market competitive, and you will see our results 
differentiated in the marketplace for sure. What will that number be? I'll not be in a 
position to comment right now. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Thank you for taking my questions, I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Jay Doshi from Kotak. Please go ahead. 
Jay Doshi: 
So we have seen a significant deterioration in margins over the past few quarters, partly 
due to the headwinds that overall the industry faces, and it's been slightly more. My 
question is now we are 3 years away from your 2027 vision. And when you articulated 
that vision, the underlying assumptions were about 600-odd stores with INR7.5 crores 
per store average revenue per annum and ballpark 15% to 17% Pre-Ind AS EBITDA 
margin. 
A lot has changed in terms of ADS trends in the past 2 years. If you're not able to get to 
that ADS that you had articulated at that point of time by 2027, is it still possible to get 
to the lower end of EBITDA margin? Do you think this business has enough operating 
leverage or cost efficiencies? Or to put the other way, what is the minimum ADS you 
would need to get to 15% pre-Ind AS EBITDA margin at company level? 
Akshay Jatia 
So Jay, I want to answer it differently. Like Saurabh said, we're a momentum-based 
business and a lot of the efforts, like I also said in my commentary, in around value for 
money, innovation and governance are all aimed towards increasing average unit 
volume as well as profitability. And as you saw even with our Vision 2022, the moment 
the momentum came in the direction and the way we wanted it to, you saw average 
unit volume grow significantly as well as margins.  
And that's exactly what our endeavour is even for H2 of this year. So as the average unit 
volume keeps growing basis all our initiatives and there's a strong focus on both the 

 
 
Page 8 of 16 
strategic initiatives as well as the execution of the same, we are quite confident that 
these numbers can be achieved and that's where all the effort is towards. And like I said, 
we saw this with Vision 2022, and we maintain that same optimism about Vision 2027, 
which is why we gave out a 5-year vision.  
In fact, when we gave out the vision, everyone was telling us that it is conservative, 
right? And from our point of view, we've seen a lot of cycles over the last 30 years. And 
the retail QSR space is one that has its headwinds as well as its tailwind. But this sort of 
situation as we call it, we've taken it as an opportunity to double down on these 
strategic initiatives and we're very confident that once we turn the corner, we shall only 
be seeing positive momentum. 
Jay Doshi: 
Understood. Second question is just a follow-up that was partly asked by the earlier 
participant. Last year, you had called out in December quarter a quantum of headwind 
you had because of geopolitical reasons. 
Now during the course of the year, has it more or less eased out or there is still some 
headwind in some stores in some markets? And that gets anniversarized starting 
November, should there be a big jump in SSSG trends? By big I mean at least 200, 300 
basis points. Should that be the base case assumption that December quarter SSSG 
should be at least 300 basis points better than September quarter, everything else 
being same? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
It's a great question. I think we all talk about it on an everyday basis. I don't think a lot of 
stores which got impacted last year have come up to the level of what they were pre 
the crisis. Having said that, what you have said is absolutely right. We have built a lot of 
good momentum and when we believe the negative cycle should be behind us and we 
should be able to do a better job in the H2, that is pretty much what Akshay had 
mentioned. 
And I also mentioned that we believe we are poised if the consumption trends come 
back, we are poised to be able to create the results which normally you would expect 
from us. But what I can tell you is no matter how the environment is, you will definitely 
see differentiated results in the marketplace. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Naman Jain from Pioneer Investcorp. 
Naman Jain: 
So primarily, I wanted to know what's your average per customer invoice value? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Sorry, can you repeat? We didn't get the question. 
Naman Jain: 
Per customer invoice value on an average? 

 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Saurabh Kalra: 
We generally don't share the details of average value. That's why we would not -- 
there's a range which we talk about. It's pretty as much as the market average around 
INR300 to INR350, but we can't give you the specifics for the quarter. 
Naman Jain: 
Okay. And secondly, we are seeing a trend of people trying to focus on a healthier 
lifestyle. So they try to switch to healthier alternatives to what we offer as our products. 
So how are we hoping to tackle that? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
So life is very relative. I think McDonald's -- if this is an environment in which everybody 
was becoming reasonable and was looking at a lot of data before making a decision, I 
think the McAloo Tikki Burger will become a fan favourite and an everyday meal for 
everybody in the country. However, there is more about the perception than reality. But 
having said that, I think we have done a lot of work on our platform of Real Food Real 
Good. 
 
If you look at it, like I said, McAloo Tikki became a burger, which was balanced in the 
calories coming out of fat, protein and carbohydrates 3, 4 years back. This quarter, 
being committed to the steps we need to take in the direction of making our food more 
nutritious, we have launched a millet bun, which you can add to any of your burgers with 
INR10 extra. We continue working on both quality standards and nutritional standards 
of all our products. 
 
Needless to say, there are indulgent burgers, which we would like people to use it when 
they are having an indulgent occasion or an occasional visit to McDonald’s. So I think 
what we are seeing is that our consumers are really appreciating the efforts which we 
have made. In fact, millet bun was very, very appreciated in this field. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Gaurav Jogani from JM Financial. Please go ahead.  
Gaurav Jogani: 
My first question is with regards to a clarification. Did you say that the stores that were 
impacted due to the geopolitical thing the last year around, are they back to those 
earlier levels now? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
No. Like I said, some stores have recovered. There was a part of stores which were 
impacted. We had given the number last year. If I look at it from that standpoint where 
they were and they are impacted, they are better off, but we are marginally better off. 
They still largely remain impacted. And I can quote a few examples of store in Mumbai 
Central, Mazgaon, where what we used to do, we are not even doing half of what we 
used to do. So it remains tough in some of those belts. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. Sir, just a related question. I mean so assuming that because they would be in the 
base now in Q3 and assuming these customers, they don't come back, how do you look 

 
 
Page 10 of 16 
-- not now but 2, 3 years hence, your ADS spending? Can we add new set of customers 
or new occasions or something of that sort that take us ahead from this thing? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
So exactly what you said. We try to go back to our strategy and focus on our inputs. And 
if you look at it, what we did was a McSaver platform, which was we wanted to reignite 
the momentum on snacking so that the dine-in GCs increase. And we have seen good 
results coming out of it. In fact, like I had mentioned that in September, as a matter of 
fact, we are almost at the similar guest count levels what we were last year. 
 
So it's about solving the problem structurally and then rather than reacting to the 
situation, how can we add occasions? So can we strengthen stacking further? Can we 
do value more? So a lot of work which has happened in the past 6 months has been 
around the value platform. And we are quite pleased with the kind of momentum we 
have gained out of it. 
Akshay Jatia: 
Yes. So to add to that, we've gained great momentum from our value platform. On top 
of that, we recently launched the McCrispy burger also, which is a great example of 
innovation as well as affordable luxury as we call it in the food space, where it's a 
premium burger at a great price point with very high-quality ingredients. So at the same 
time, it connotates value, but at the same time, it's aspirational and high quality for our 
customers. 
 
So we continue to toggle between both entry level, mid-level as well as premium level 
price points to ensure that our customers get all aspects of value, whether it's price, 
whether it's quality, whether it's willingness, whether it's new sensibilities with 
ingredients like what we've done in the Veggie McCrispy Burger. 
 
So that's how we're adding new occasions, and we're very confident that like we said 
in our commentary that we feel the headwinds are abating and we're on a very strong 
wicket as the growth or growth in consumption starts coming back. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
So can I suggest this that if you can give this data point that X of these stores, which are 
impacted due to these geopolitical or community recent issues, the rest of the stores, 
would they be having a positive SSG? Would that be a fair understanding or 
assumption? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
So they have grown sequentially, like I mentioned. So that would mean they would have 
marginally positive SSG sequentially. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Okay, sure. And my next question is with regards to the margins again, given that you 
have done great work on the costing side, which is clearly reflecting in the G&A 
expenses as well. So assuming once the demand comes back and you start doing that 

 
 
Page 11 of 16 
mid-single digit kind of SSG also, can we expect better than earlier expected margin 
profile for you because then we'll be a double lever of cost savings plus the operating 
leverage kicking in? 
Akshay Jatia: 
So Gaurav, we maintain our margin guidance as we've given out in Vision 2027. As we 
see ADS coming back in through our initiatives of value innovation, we're going to have 
a strong focus on cost governance. And by doing so, I think we were at very healthy 
margins last year, which was kind of numbers that would have kept us completely on 
track. So we're anticipating that as the growth in consumption comes back, we'll 
continue to rebuild our momentum. And I think Vision 2027 is where we maintain our 
profitability guidance. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Okay, sure. And the last question from my end is in terms of the gross margins. I 
understand that there is an impact because of this latest thing that you mentioned. But 
is there also an additional impact of the value platform or rather the McSaver platform 
that was done, which would have kind of impacted the gross margin? And in that light, 
what could be the possible gross margin levels expected ahead? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
I think I mentioned in my initial commentary also that we expect to go back to the 70-
plus levels for sure. Like we said, there were a few headwinds on fresh produce. There 
was no lettuce available and part of it has to be imported from outside the country to 
make sure that we continue to serve our products. That's why it's a one-off. We will get 
back to our 70-plus levels of gross margin in the second half, we are very confident 
about that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Krishna Shah from Ashika Stock Broking. Please 
go ahead. 
Krishna Shah: 
My first question is on the new store target front. So, we've mentioned that we'll be 
opening around 45 to 50 stores this year -- in this financial year. And so far, we've added 
only 11 stores. So, do we expect to meet the target of like another 30, 35 stores in the 
next 2 quarters and expect a higher outflow of capex? 
Akshay Jatia: 
So, we maintain our guidance on store additions, and we maintain our guidance on 
capex also, which is roughly around INR220 crores to INR250 crores for the year. 
Krishna Shah: 
Okay. Got it. And secondly, on the ramp-up front, I just wanted to understand what is 
the ramp-up period in terms of months that we are expecting like we've already had for 
the new stores? 
Akshay Jatia: 
So, if I understand correctly, you're saying how quickly do new stores ramp up to 
system AUV? 

 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Krishna Shah: 
Yes, yes, correct. 
Akshay Jatia: 
So again, it varies. There are some stores that ramp up quite fast in the first couple of 
years. A couple of examples of stores that take a little longer are more futuristic stores 
where we put freestanding Drive-Thrus on highways that are developing or suburban 
highways or suburban centres that are also developing, where you have a slower build, 
but obviously, the unit economics are still quite favourable. 
 
So, there is a basket of stores in, say, Mumbai, which we opened. And on day one, you 
start seeing them within the first couple of months moving up to system average. So 
again, this is a flavour of a combination of examples and that's how we kind of give out 
our guidance where it's roughly over a period of 2 to 3 years where you will see them 
exceeding system average. 
Krishna Shah: 
Okay. Got it. This is helpful. And my last question is on the off-premise point that you 
are mentioning that we've grown 5%. So, the 5% year-on-year growth is coming 
through our Drive-Thru approach that we are planning to expand through or more 
through deliveries? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Like I mentioned in my commentary also that while the same-store sales growth 
remains flat, 5% is the total growth. Obviously, needless to say, it came out of both the 
Delivery and Drive-Thrus. 
Krishna Shah: 
Okay. Got it. And what would be our split in terms of delivery through our app versus the 
third party? 
Akshay Jatia: 
So, we don't break out that data. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Saurabh Kundan from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Kundan: 
My question is on McCrispy. It's been around, I guess, for about a month now. What's 
been your observation on whether it is helping get -- is it helping get new walk-ins or 
new customers rather? Or is it increasing the frequency of existing customers? Or is it 
some other observation like maybe existing customers upgrading to it? So, what's been 
your -- what has the data been saying till now? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Too early to answer this question. I think I'll keep this for the next quarter. But all I can 
tell you is when I've been in the restaurant, a lot of customers are talking and giving us 
great feedback about both the products, which is the Crispy Veggie and the McCrispy 
Chicken. 

 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Saurabh Kundan: 
All right. I wanted -- my second question is, sorry, if I missed this earlier. You made a 
comment about September footfall already back -- September month footfall, was it, 
already back to where last year's footfall was. Is that what you meant? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Yes. 
Akshay Jatia: 
Yes. 
Saurabh Kundan: 
Okay. And are you talking like-for-like footfall? 
Akshay Jatia: 
Same-store footfall. 
Saurabh Kundan: 
Same-store footfall. Okay, same-store footfall is that. Okay. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Sabyasachi Mukerji from Bajaj Finserv Asset Management 
Company. Please go ahead. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Just a clarification from one of the comments made earlier. So, when we compare our 
performance with the food aggregator Zomato, the gross order value Y-o-Y increase 
for this quarter, they have reported around 21%. I believe you mentioned that when we 
talk with the food aggregator, they say that it is because of inorganic growth and 
organic growth is not very strong. I'm sorry, what is inorganic growth here for the food 
aggregator? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
What we understand is one is the Western fast-food growth. That's what we are calling 
organic. There are other channels which they focus on, like, for example, feeds, they 
open new cities, all that drives their growth. There are multiple channels they have to 
work on and multiple cities they can work on. But it is not like-to-like, for example, the 
Western fast-food is not like-to-like. The categories in the platform are not always like-
to-like. What we mean is that we are doing quite well when we speak to them as far as 
the Western fast-food business is concerned. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Okay. And when we say that we are doing better than our peers in the Western fast-
food category, could you, I mean, shed some light on what could be the Western fast-
food category is doing? I mean is it declining Y-o-Y? I mean what's your sense? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Sir, I will not elaborate further. But all I can say is there is obviously growth, and we are 
also a part of that growth, including the total growth which we have seen in the dine-
out or takeout occasions, which is out of restaurant consumption, which we have 
mentioned that we grew by 5%. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
So basically, what -- where am I coming from is that are you seeing some trends where 
in your conversations with your probably partners and, I mean, with the food aggregator 

 
 
Page 14 of 16 
and all that probably there is some down trading that is happening across the Board, 
people preferring to lower ticket size or maybe going to the unorganized chains, which 
are listed in the food aggregator app always. So, I mean are you having that sense in 
conversation with them? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
We would not be commenting on that one, sir. It is their business. It is what they have 
to comment about. We do have conversation in closed rooms. We discuss things on 
what is prudent for our business. We are really not too worried about what happens on 
their channel and other businesses. But when they give us a relative context, we know 
that we are competitively very well placed. That's the point we wanted to make and 
that's what it is. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Ashish Agarwal, who is an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Agarwal: 
Yes, so my question is regarding the royalty that you have written one of the reasons is 
the royalty increase. So how much is the royalty that we are paying this year? Is it 5% or 
more than that? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
It is actually 5.5% with GST -- GST, sorry. 
Ashish Agarwal: 
Because your website says 5% this year, so I was just looking at royalty. I mean how 
much is it really creating that much as you called it out is what I wanted to understand 
you? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
I said 5.5% with GST, which is around 5% without GST. It is -- whatever has been 
uploaded is correct information on the site. 
Ashish Agarwal: 
Okay. And given the macroeconomic condition and given the QSR base, are we in a 
position to negotiate with the parent company about the royalty or that's not in the 
cards? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Sir, we do not look at McDonald's relationship on a day-to-day basis. Obviously, we want 
a long-term, more stable royalty plan. I mean we have got a royalty plan 3 years back, 
which we have uploaded. When it comes for renegotiation, again, we are going to 
renegotiate. 
 
Short-term temporary conversations which happens, we don't usually update it in a 
natural course . We would like to call them as operational things. There might be an off 
incentive, etcetera, which might come here and there. But largely, our royalty plan, 
whatever we have committed to, we remain on track on that one. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Vishal Punmiya from Yes Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Vishal Punmiya: 
My question is actually on store additions, not for us, but for the industry. If you can give 
some insights in terms of how the industry is looking at store additions because a few 
quarters back, everyone called out aggressive expansion. Even the burger players in the 
Western and Southern region who were earlier regional players, they called out 
aggressive expansion of stores. Based on the current environment, how are they 
looking at store expansion, if you could help with some insights? 
Akshay Jatia: 
So Vishal, I think we maintain that we will continue to open 45 to 50 stores this year as 
we're committed to investing in growth, and we're very confident in terms of our 
strategy, and we believe the opportunity ahead of us is large in terms of -- and we've 
been very consistent in our guidance around store additions. And we always maintain 
that we will do what the market can handle. 
 
In terms of the industry, I can't really comment much because there's been 
inconsistency in terms of how stores have been opened. And you will probably hear 
whatever their views are when you hear their commentary or speak to them 
individually. But overall, yes, obviously, we've always maintained we need to do what's 
right for the business and right for the market. And we've continued to perform and 
open in that manner. So we stick to that, and industry will continue to evolve. 
Vishal Punmiya: 
Yes. I totally appreciate that you have been consistent with your store additions. The 
reason that I asked for the industry, how they are acting is basically to get some sense 
on the competitive environment and whether that would benefit us in the next couple 
of years. And if the market recovers, then whether we would be a bigger beneficiary of 
that recovery. So that is where I'm coming from? 
Akshay Jatia: 
That's what I said, right? So, we are investing in growth. We are very confident of our 
strategy, which is why, like I said, we do what the market can handle. And when we took 
this decision to increase our store openings, it was with a long-term view, and it was not 
just to capitalize on any short-term gains that we were seeing. And what I was trying to 
also imply is that we will be there to take advantage of the growth however the industry 
evolves. 
 
In terms of the competitive landscape, there's been inconsistency in terms of what you 
hear. And that's what I've always maintained even in my individual conversations that 
you will continue to see that evolve as the consumer environment evolves. And for us, 
we have a very long-term opportunity and a long-term view. And even post these 600 
stores, we'll come up with a guidance that's right for the market. 
Vishal Punmiya: 
Okay, that's all my side. And best of luck for the second half and also wishing the team 
a happy Diwali. 

 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Happy Diwali. Thank you. 
Akshay Jatia: 
Thank you. Happy Diwali. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. 
Akshay Jatia: 
Thank you so much. Have a great week and wishing everyone a very happy Diwali and 
looking forward to speaking to you all next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Westlife Foodworld Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: Please note that this transcript has been edited to correct any inadvertent grammatical inaccuracies 
or language inconsistencies that may have occurred while speaking. The audio of this call is available here.  
