 
 
 
  
 
  November 6, 2024 
 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
Pheeroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 531595 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No- 'C' Block, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: CGCL 
 
   Sub: Intimation pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 
Regulations, 2015, regarding Q1 FY25 Earnings Call - Transcript 
 
Dear Sir /Madam, 
 
Further to our letter dated October 21, 2024, intimating schedule of the Earnings Conference Call on 
October 30, 2024, to discuss the Company’s Q2 FY25 Earnings, we are attaching herewith the transcript of 
the said Conference Call. 
 
The above is for your information and dissemination to all the stakeholders.   
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for Capri Global Capital Limited  
 
 
 
Yashesh Bhatt 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: ACS 20491 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
Yashesh 
Pankaj Bhatt
Digitally signed by 
Yashesh Pankaj Bhatt 
Date: 2024.11.06 
10:39:05 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 11  
 
 
“Capri Global Capital Limited 
 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT 
 
MR. RAJESH SHARMA – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. PARTHA CHAKRABORTI, CFO 
MR. SANJEEV SRIVASTAVA, CRO 
MR. HARDIK DOSHI – CORPORATE FINANCE & INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
Indian Numbering System Legend 
₹ 10 Lakhs  
 
= ₹ 1Mn 
₹ 1 Crore  
 
= ₹ 10Mn 
₹ 100 Crores  
 
= ₹ 1Bn 
₹ 1 Lakh Crore  
 
= ₹ 1Tn 
 
NOTE:  
1) 
This transcript has been edited for lucid reading. To that extent, this is not a verbatim transcription of the audio 
transcript.  
2) 
Factual correction/s are superscripted at relevant places in the transcript and are explained in footnote/s.  
3) 
Wherever needed, emphasis is added in brackets (in italics) for better clarity. 
 
 

 
 
   
 
 
Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q2 FY25 Concall Transcript | October 30, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 11  
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Capri Global Capital Limited Q2 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Hardik Doshi from Capri Global Capital Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Hardik Doshi: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Q2 FY '25 Earnings Call for Capri Global 
Capital. This is Hardik Doshi, Head Corporate Finance & Investor Relations. I shall read 
out a brief disclaimer for today's call. The discussion on today's call regarding Capri Global 
Capital Limited's earnings performance will be based on judgments derived from the 
declared results and information regarding business opportunity available to the company 
at this time. The company's performance is subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions 
that could cause actual results to differ materially in the future. Given these uncertainties 
and other factors, participants on today's call may observe due caution while interpreting 
the results. The full disclaimer is available on Slide 42 of Q2 FY '25 earnings presentation. 
Participants are requested to note the same. 
 
With us today on the call, we have Mr. Rajesh Sharma, Managing Director of the company; 
Mr. Partha Chakraborti, CFO; Mr. Sanjeev Srivastava, CRO; Ms. Divya Sutar, Head 
Business Strategy. 
 
With that, I now request our Managing Director, Mr. Rajesh Sharma, to present the opening 
remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I hope you all are doing very well. First of all, let 
me wish you all a very Happy Diwali. We declared our unaudited consolidated financial 
results for Q2 FY '25 yesterday, and I hope you had a chance to go through the earnings 
presentation, which is uploaded on our website. 
 
As you all know, Capri Global Capital Limited continues to serve under-penetrated, under-
banked customers in high-growth segments with substantial untapped market potential, 
while maintaining a strategic focus on building retail, granular and secured lending book. 
We have diversified ourselves through the robust presence in MSME loans, housing loans, 
gold loans and construction finance. We continue to further diversify ourselves by 
identifying newer opportunities and expanding our product offerings. 
 
In the last quarter, under our MSME loan segment, we have launched Micro LAP, a small 
ticket secured loan product for self-employed customers. And in this quarter, we launched 
rooftop solar loans, part of green financing in partnership with Credit Fair, a leading 
renewable energy fintech, with ticket size ranging from about INR50,000 to INR25 lakh.  
In addition to interest income, we are also focusing on increasing share of high-quality, 
recurring fee income through insurance distribution and also car loan origination. We 
believe that our digital-first approach and superior technology processes, will be the key 
differentiator enabling us to serve our customers more effectively than our peers. We also 

 
 
   
 
 
Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q2 FY25 Concall Transcript | October 30, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 11  
implemented several AI-driven initiatives in this quarter, which I will mention 
subsequently. We believe this will benefit us meaningfully going forward. 
 
I shall now move to the commentary on business and earnings performance. With regards 
to business, please refer Slide 3, 4, 5 and 6. We maintained a strong growth momentum in 
Q2 FY '25 with our AUM reaching INR19,272 crores, an increase of about 56% year-on-
year and 10% quarter-on-quarter. This growth was primarily driven by a strong growth of 
225% year-on-year gold loan and 33% year-on-year housing loans. Our disbursement 
touched INR5,465 crores during the quarter, reflecting 55% year-on-year growth. We 
remain focused on retail lending, with retail AUM constituting over 80% of our portfolio. 
 
We are well positioned to drive growth and are confident of crossing our target of 
INR30,000 crores AUM by FY '27. Our core lending AUM continued to surge during Q2 
FY '25, increasing to 18.3% of AUM compared to 16.3% in Q1 FY '25 and 11.6% in Q4 
FY '24. We have further strengthened our bank partnerships, significantly increasing the 
acceptance ratio of loans with our partner bank compared to a year ago. We expect to 
continue this momentum in co-lending as an efficient tool for high ROE accretion and 
liability management. 
 
We continue to build a granular and well-diversified portfolio for MSME in housing loans 
with average ticket size of around INR2 million. Our MSME AUM reached INR4,824 
crores. In our housing loan segment, AUM reached about INR4,271 crores, up by 33% 
year-on-year. MSME and housing together continues to constitute 50% of our overall 
AUM. With our strategic initiative and focus on underserved market, we are confident that 
our MSME and housing loan portfolio will continue to deliver robust and sustainable 
growth in the coming quarters. 
 
Our gold loan AUM increased by 225% year-on-year to cross INR6,500 crores, supported 
by our extensive gold loan branch network of 758 branches across 9 states and UT, along 
with co-lending partnership with four banks. These branches have started to scale up in 
achieving a productivity level of INR8.7 crore AUM per branch. We are confident that our 
expanding reach and partnerships will continue to fuel sustainable growth and further 
strengthen our position in the gold loan segment. 
 
Our construction finance AUM increased by 63% year-on-year to cross INR3,346 crores 
driven by uptick in real estate sector with a strong pipeline of new projects. Our 
disbursement in construction finance stood at INR924 crores, up 51% subsequently. In 
construction finance, our focus will remain on residential project within the affordable 
housing sector while maintaining a granular book in indirect lending. 
 
As with regards to earnings, let me now provide an update on core earnings. Our yields and 
spread remained steady this quarter at 16.2% and 7%, respectively. Net interest income for 
Q2 FY '25 reached INR305 crores, marking a 22% year-on-year increase driven by robust 
growth in our loan book. Our non-interest income comprised of 3 components: car loan 
distribution fee, co-lending income and other non-interest income. Our non-interest income 
was INR103 crores in Q2 FY '25, up by 29% year-on-year, supported by co-lending fee 
income of INR41 crores and net car loan origination fee of INR18 crores. 
 
We have scaled our car loan origination network within a very short period of time to 
become a meaningful player in this segment with pan-India presence across 788 locations 
in 31 states and UT. We worked with 12 partner bank and financial institutions for car loan 
originations. Our car loan origination in Q2 FY '25 was INR2,563 crores, up by 8% year-

 
 
   
 
 
Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q2 FY25 Concall Transcript | October 30, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 11  
on-year. On the insurance distribution front, we have tied up with 18 insurance companies 
and started accruing fee income. We are looking to generate around INR40 crores in net 
fee income from insurance distribution in FY '25. We anticipate this strong foundation will 
sustain the impressive growth trajectory of our loan interest income. 
 
Following our branch expansion, we are now shifting our focus on improving the efficiency 
and productivity, the effect of which has already started to reflect in our cost to income 
ratio, which has improved to 64.3% in Q2 FY '25, down from 70.5% in Q4 FY '24, an 
improvement of about 6.2%. We expect further benefits to accrue once operating leverage 
will kick in. As a result, our pre-provision operating profit increased significantly to 
INR146 crores, up by 34% year-on-year. 
 
With regards to asset quality, our credit cost normalized in the quarter and was at INR17.5 
crores, an improvement of 24% year-on-year, and 62% quarter-on-quarter as there was a 
one-off technical write-off in construction finance book in Q1 FY '25. Gross Stage 3 ratio 
improved to 1.6% in Q2 FY '25 from 2% as of Q1 FY '25. Net Stage 3 ratio improved to 
1% from 1.2% in Q1 FY '25. PCR on  Stage 3 loans stood at 40.1% in Q2 FY '25. We 
would like also to share that we have sold about INR71 crores of GNPA to asset 
reconstruction company at 90% of its value. 
 
With regards to capital adequacy and liquidity position, as part of our resource 
diversification strategy, we have taken Board resolution to raise up to INR1,000 crores via 
NCD issuance. We continue to maintain a strong liquidity position and have got new credit 
line of INR3,750 crores for a CGCL entity and INR700 crores for CGHFL entity. Our 
capital adequacy ratio for CGCL stood at 23.7% and for CGHFL stood at 31.9%. 
 
With regards to profitability, we reported a consolidated net profit of INR97 crores, which 
increased by 49% year-on-year and 28% quarter-on-quarter. Our efforts over past 2, 3 years 
to diversify our business and income streams are now beginning to yield results. As seen 
in our Q2 FY '25 performance, we reported an annualized RoAA of 2.3% and an annualized 
RoAE of 9.8% in Q2 FY '25, up by 0.4% and 2% quarter-on-quarter, respectively. We 
expect this to improve further going forward with the improvement in cost efficiency, 
employee productivity and operating leverage. 
 
In regard to technology, our technology initiative, including the in-house LOF, Flexcube, 
LMS, Pragati Sales app for customer onboarding, Collect Xpress app for managing 
collection, Capri Grahak app for customer engagement, which went live in Q1 FY '25 have 
now stabilized and now are being extensively used by our sales and collection staff for 
managing the customer loan journey end-to-end digitally, thus improving their efficiency 
and productivity. We are also going live with our data science-driven BRE scorecard-based 
underwriting, which will help us improve our log-in to sanction ratio, better customer 
profiling and offer risk-based pricing to our customers. 
 
Our sophisticated collection dashboard for real-time monitoring, combined with the use of 
advanced AI/ML models for identifying early delinquency are expected to further improve 
our collection efficiency and asset quality. During the quarter, we also launched several 
artificial intelligence-driven initiatives such as AI-driven Data Genie, which equips key 
decision-makers with real-time actionable insight, enhancing agility and precision. 
Capriglobal.ai with its AI-Dost chatbot provides instant multilingual support to our 
customers, ensuring seamless engagement 24/7. 

 
 
   
 
 
Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q2 FY25 Concall Transcript | October 30, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 11  
 
Our HireRight AI, which optimized RM-level hiring by ensuring unbiased efficient 
recruitment. Our AI-driven call centre with in-house voice to text conversion system 
adopted for Indian languages helps in cost optimizing call center operations and increase 
efficiency over telecalling staff. Lastly, our focus on real-time system will drive significant 
improvement in TAT, enabling us to meet our customers' expectation faster through hassle-
free and timely disbursements. 
 
Now I come to ESG. On the ESG front, Capri Global has established a robust ESG 
framework, aligning our policies with international standards and ESG guidelines. We 
applied for the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices rating, with results expected soon. 
Additionally, we published our business impact report, Echoes of Progress, highlighting 
our achievement in financial inclusion and sustainable growth. Our second sustainability 
report for FY '24 highlighting Capri Global's integrated approach to ESG centered on 
financial inclusion, operational efficiency and governance. To support our commitment, 
we are actively training internal teams in aligning business process and ESG requirements. 
 
With that, I conclude my remarks. We shall now take questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Taran Gupta from Elara Capital. 
Taran Gupta: 
My first question is, the company has set a target of reaching an AUM of INR30,000 crores 
by FY '27. So can you please share insight into the primary growth drivers for this target? 
And which segments are anticipated to contribute the most to this ambitious target? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Thank you, Taran. As I said, our current AUM after Q2 result is about INR19,272 crores. 
And with the growth coming in from our new segment, which we added that is Micro LAP; 
MSME will start again growing, adding a few more branches in the coming financial year. 
And our gold loan, also, we are adding more branches. Besides that, we also launched this 
rooftop solar product. So, we'll continue to grow through our branch expansion in our 
existing products as well as the new products will continue to grow. So, from INR19,272 
crores to reaching in almost 10 quarters, I think we will be able to achieve. We are already 
on this path. 
Taran Gupta: 
Okay. Very helpful. And second question is, sir, Capri's mostly focused on evolving into a 
technology-led NBFC. So, could you elaborate on any recent digital initiatives or 
technology upgrade aimed at enhancing customer experience or boosting operational 
efficiency? Additionally, how is technology being leveraged to facilitate deeper penetration 
into rural area or underserved market? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, we have divided our entire journey of technology in 5 segments- onboarding a 
customer, credit evaluation, then collateral evaluation, collection and customer 
engagement; so this completes the journey from onboarding until customer servicing. Now 
while our LOS is in-house developed, where for sales mobility, we have built a Pragati 
Mobile app. 
For underwriting purposes, we have built our in-house scorecard and various processes. 
We are digital, which is helping the team to do the work with a better precision in a lesser 
number of hours. So, we are saving the time and our TAT is much better. And the third 
element is our evaluation of collateral, where the collateral property, whatever is being 
mortgaged in housing finance and MSME is being evaluated through our in-house technical 
app, where a lot of other features are there where they can see their transaction data, they 
can see the delinquency data of the nearby surrounding area where we intend to land. 

 
 
   
 
 
Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q2 FY25 Concall Transcript | October 30, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 11  
 
Then it comes to the collection because we believe the collection is a major focus of our 
company. So, we have divided collection into three parts. One is the collection through 
chatbot calling; number two, from the tele caller unit; and three, collection agent on the 
field. So, with combination of the three, with the precise data analytics, real-time tracking 
and proper incentive schemes, I think we are able to do it better. We are driving the 
efficiency among them. And fifth is the customer engagement. So, customer engagement, 
we have telecaller unit besides we have given a customer app. So, a lot of features can be 
activated and serviced through the customer app. 
 
We also have WhatsApp chatbot where all the queries can be sorted out. And besides that, 
as I said, our AI initiative of capriglobal.ai, where a customer can ask anything and their 
query can be addressed. So, there are a lot of initiatives happening internally to improve 
the process efficiency and externally on the customer service side. And you will see 
quarter-on-quarter, the difference is coming in not only cost-to-income ratio, but our other 
features in terms of efficiency in the collection and also our efficiency in the productivity. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aman from Dolat Capital. 
Aman: 
With a target of building INR1,000 crores loan book in rooftop solar financing, can you 
elaborate on your partnership with Credit Fair? And how will this facilitate faster loan 
approvals and disbursal in the solar finance space? And second question, with the 
anticipated rise in credit costs across the NBFC sector, how are you managing these 
increased provisions given that we have a normalized credit cost during the quarter, 
particularly in your MSME and affordable housing portfolios? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, your first question is on the rooftop solar, so we have tied up with fintech, but we are 
also in the process of tying up with various business correspondent and dealers, network 
and other. So, since we launched the project recently, now we'll be scaling up. This year-
end, we will be doing about INR50 crores. But we'll continue to grow our network and 
through that network, next year should be a full year of operation where significant book 
should be built. And here, the model we intend to follow is, we build the book, down sell 
it much lower yield by generating a profit because a lot of banks have this product in 
demand to build the portfolio. 
 
And if you're seeing, the central government have a very high focus on this product. So, 
we feel that the policy push is there. We want to take the advantage of that, not only in 
terms of pricing of getting the lower cost funding through sell-down of the portfolio or 
otherwise. 
So, we see that by next year, we should have a significant portfolio in this. And in near 
term, we should be able to achieve the INR1,000 crore book, the first target is INR1,000 
crores book. But by the March, we will be able to give you the clear guidance by when it 
will be achieved. 
I can say, we are building the technology, we are building the network of BC and building 
our internal team. We have already launched the product. Current run rate is about INR4 
crores to INR5 crores a month, which is getting increased month after month. 
 
Your second question was, how do we address our delinquency in the MSME and the home 
loan? So, I think MSME segment, last 1 year, we have not grown. So that effect was visible 
in the delinquency. Now we are coming back growing those branches, and plus our 
restructured pool is now reduced from earlier INR200-plus crores to about INR103 crores. 

 
 
   
 
 
Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q2 FY25 Concall Transcript | October 30, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 11  
And out of that, some pool, we have transferred to ARC. So, I think combination of this 
will be that growth will be back. And housing finance, if you talk about delinquency, they 
are more or less stable. And in the price segment we operate, we believe that, that kind of 
GNPA and NNPA will continue to be stable. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aryan Oswal from Finterest Capital. 
Aryan Oswal: 
Sir, my question was on the side of that, could you please share the net fee income 
generated from our insurance business this quarter? And also, how much of fee income can 
we expect from insurance over the next couple of years? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, –in the first half, we generated about INR25 crores. And the whole year, we should be 
crossing about INR40 crores of fee income alone from the insurance segment. Next year, 
hopefully, it should further go up. So that guidance, we should be able to give you by the 
last quarter when we come back with the result. But current year, we should cross about 
INR40 crores in the insurance income. 
Aryan Oswal: 
Okay. And sir, what are the new partnerships we have secured for insurance distribution 
and the expected impact on future growth? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, we have now almost about 18 partners in the insurance. And I think these are good 
enough. It is not the more and more partnership is going to help us. But it is about the kind 
of product you get to cover all kind of customers. Gold loan customer might require a 
policy, and we should be able to provide only INR4,000 to INR5,000. Whereas car loan 
customer can still take a life insurance policy, which they might pay a premium of 
INR50,000 plus. So, depending on the customer profile, we give the product. And I think 
we have wide coverage of the product along with these partners. 
Aryan Oswal: 
Okay. And sir, one last question from my side. Sir, we have spoken about our goal of 
achieving mid-teen ROE, primarily through enhanced fee income and improved 
operational efficiency. So, could you provide more clarity on the time line for when these 
efforts will transfer into visible improvements? And specifically, when do we expect us to 
consistently reach the 15% ROE mark as it's been a target for some time now? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, if you have seen that now this year, our initiative on the technology side and the branch 
expansion, we already achieved breakeven, especially the gold loan vertical, all 750 
branches have turned profitable. I think quarter-on-quarter, you will clearly see uptick in 
our ROE. This year, we should be in the close vicinity of about 11%. And I think by March 
'27, we should achieve our mid-teen ROE target. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Satyaprakash Pandey from Haitong. 
Satyaprakash Pandey: 
I have two questions. First is, how has the acceptance rate from partner banks in co-lending 
evolved over the past few quarters? And what growth do you expect in this segment next 
year, given that we continue to see strong growth here? Also, can you elaborate on the risk 
sharing mechanism and how you balance expanding credit reaching with maintaining asset 
quality. 
 
The second question is, you've started expanding into Micro LAP with plans with some 
new branches. How has this initiative progress in Q2? What has been the early response 
from rural customer? And what challenges are you facing in scaling this segment? 

 
 
   
 
 
Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q2 FY25 Concall Transcript | October 30, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 11  
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, all the partner bank, you are asking what is the arrangement we have. So, we have 
arrangement where 20% we fund, 80% bank fund. And the cost of those lines in housing 
loans are sub-9.0 and gold loan is anything between 9.5 to 9.75 and MSME in the range of 
9.5. In regards Micro LAP, we already have gone live with the 70 branches. 
And those branches, we have an experienced team from a good background of a similar 
product. We have a strong risk framework in place. So, we should be able to achieve the 
full scale, next year will be full year of operation. We currently have already received a 
book of about INR30 crores. And by March, we should be able to cross about INR60 crores. 
Next year is something which we are likely to cross about INR300 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jay Mistry from Equirus Securities Private Limited. 
Jay Mistry: 
I have two questions. First question was that since now that our gold loans is profitable and 
you have been gradually expanding the branches, too, so I just wanted to understand like 
are the new branches meeting the expected performance level? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So I would say the new branches, we will not know only in 3 months. New branches ideally 
should achieve the AUM of about INR4 crore in 15 months. And if you are able to achieve 
15 months INR4 crores, then I will say they've achieved the breakeven. So all the old 
branches, I think our most of the branches already are over 15 months, and all the branches 
have already been profitable. There are few branches, some of the branches are 3 months 
old, some of the branches are 4 months old. So we believe that by the end of the 15 months 
from the date of their opening, they should breakeven or profitable. 
Jay Mistry: 
And my second question was that since we have implemented the new loan originations 
and management systems, so how has the transition impacted the loan disbursements and 
turnaround times in second quarter? Are the teams fully adapted to the new systems? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes. So first quarter, we launched this new LOS in the month of April, and it has taken 
almost 3 months to stabilize. Q2 is completely stabilized. They are not much impacted by 
the LOS, it is business as usual. So there is no impact of the new LOS. It has gone smooth 
and functioning fully. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shalin Kapadia from IIFL Securities. 
Shalin N. Kapadia 
I have two questions. So with recent conditions in the auto sector and a dip in car loan 
volumes over the past couple of quarters, do you see the car loan business shaping better 
in second half? Or do you believe we can surpass last year's performance despite the current 
challenges? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So what is happening that some of the competition of CarDekho and others, they are, I 
think, giving more commission than they get. This is what the market we are experiencing. 
So there is a pressure of the competition on the commission side, in sharing the commission 
with the DSAs and connectors. So that is where our cost has gone up, but we are going to 
add the used car finance also with the same team without additional new manpower and 
with the help of the additional product. This year, we will have profitability slightly lower 
than the last year because of various transition from old CGCL to the new company. But 
next year, I think our profit will be all-time high and even our volume will be high. So this 
year, it will take some stabilization in the new entity along with the launch of the new 
product, where we'll see some operational cost offsetting the profit of this vertical. 

 
 
   
 
 
Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q2 FY25 Concall Transcript | October 30, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 11  
Shalin N. Kapadia 
Okay, sir. That's helpful. And second question is on gold loans. So with Capri's recent 
strong momentum in the gold loan segment, given that we have almost tripled our AUM in 
the last year or so, are there any plans to accelerate this growth by expanding into new 
regions or opening more branches? And also, how do you see your growth in gold loan 
business over the next 2, 3 quarters? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So we'll see that. Now the expansion will be moderate. We'll be adding about 50-70 
branches this year. And the expansion will continue to be in the next year, but it will be in 
moderation. However, already, we have achieved our branch AUM of about INR8 crores 
plus.  
And I think those branches will continue to grow along with these new branches, which 
will take some time. So we clearly see that we should be crossing INR12 crores of AUM 
by end of next year for a branch except the new branches. So growth will continue to 
happen despite competition, and we see the data, monetization is still in the range of 5%. 
And most of the market is still with the pawn brokers and local jewelers and local money 
lenders. So there's a huge growth possible for everybody in this segment. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jay from Manya Financial. 
Jay: 
What is the outlook of maintaining net interest margins? What are the strategies you are 
doing to optimize the margins? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
The strategy for optimizing the margin will be our biggest differentiator will be technology 
and data science capabilities, which we are significantly investing in. Our Gurgaon tech 
center, we have almost about 125 engineers and 25 data scientists across Gurgaon and 
Bangalore. I think these are two aspects where we see that our processes will be better, our 
TAT will be faster. And our efficiencies of decision-making will improve the overall cost-
to-income ratio. 
Further NIM margin will be improving. Currently, NIM margin, you see the decrease 
because the leverage is going up. If you look at the spread, that is being maintained at 7%. 
So if we leverage more, while the NIM will go lower side, but spread, so far, we are 
maintaining improving, I think, overall, ROE, it will have a positive impact despite NIM 
going down. 
Jay: 
Okay. With the current regulatory framework, which is going on in the NBFC space, how 
does Capri Global ensure compliance while continuing to grow? And are there any recent 
regulatory changes which has impacted the business operations? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So I think all these regulatory changes, which are coming, they are there to make the 
company very robust when we were scaling up. It might give you some short-term pain, 
but long term, it is helping us to meet the compliance and strengthen the risk management. 
In regards to our compliance is concerned, that we have strengthened our compliance team, 
keeping in mind the RBI attention on the enhanced compliance focus. We have added a 
few more resources in the compliance team. We hired senior people, and we have engaged 
big 4 consulting firm to make automated compliance tool, which will track which are the 
compliances done, which are not done on time. Besides the technology compliances, also 
we have given outside firm for telling us to make them better and perfect. So there's a sharp 
focus. 

 
 
   
 
 
Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q2 FY25 Concall Transcript | October 30, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 11  
 
I will share with you that in our Board of Director and the Chairman always want us to 
follow the compliance first and business later policy. So with the focus of the Board and 
our focus on engaging best of the consultant to make it better, we feel that compliance we 
will be able to meet the RBI norm. And plus, we are driving a culture also inside in every 
department, to comply everything as per the rules of whatever regulatory, be it RBI, be it 
SEBI guideline, be it listing guidelines of BSE or NSE. 
Jay: 
Okay. And none of the regulatory current regulatory changes or the recent regulatory 
changes have impacted your business, right? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
No, no. There's no regulatory changes that impacted our business. In fact, regulatory 
changes, they bring to team more, formally recording anything and formally conveying to 
the team how they should do the business. So it is all about following the proper processes. 
So there is no impact on the business, some compliance, the number of people you have to 
increase and slight cost goes up, but such a large volume I don't think it is very significant. 
Jay: 
Okay. And about the micro finance business, do you see any pressure on your micro finance 
business? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
We are not into micro finance business. 
Jay: 
Not at all? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
No. We don't have any unsecured lending as such. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Shinde from Market Memories Wealth Advisors 
Private Limited. 
Rohit Shinde: 
I have two questions. So my first question is that we have seen strong growth in co-lending, 
especially in the gold loan business. While our focus was initially on MSME and housing, 
most co-lending in the past year has been in gold loans. So is this shift driven more by 
demand? Or does the fee structure and margins make it more advantageous? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Okay. And what is the second question? 
Rohit Shinde: 
Second question is, sir, non-interest income as a percentage of total income continues to 
decline for past couple of quarters despite our push in co-lending insurance and car loans. 
So how do you view the overall mix of non-interest income? And what do you see as the 
main drivers for growth in this area? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So let me answer your second question first, which talks about non-interest income in going 
down. If you see the Slide #15, our non-interest income, which is comprised of the car loan 
distribution, insurance and co-lending, in Q2, it has come to INR25.3%. 
Hardik Doshi: 
The share of non-interest income as a percentage of net income is 25%. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So it is 25%. So I think it is more or less stable. It has not gone down itself. If you talk 
about absolute income, so there's a slight dip in the car loan income. But if you take the 
overall income, from INR108 crores, it has come to INR103 crores. So I think the first and 
two quarters in the car loan is always slightly lower. If you see, compared to last year, this 

 
 
   
 
 
Capri Global Capital Limited  
  
Q2 FY25 Concall Transcript | October 30, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 11  
year it has gone up significantly. Q2 FY '24, our fee income was INR80 crores against the 
Q2 FY '25 where fee income is about INR103 crores. Is that clear now? 
Rohit Shinde: 
Yes, sir. And the first question, sir? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Your first question was, why the co-lending has gone up in the gold loan? So I will say that 
gold loan, we have scaled up, number of branches are much higher. And there was a co-
lending product where we can cater to those customers also, which can be catered at a 
slightly lower margin. 
But since co-lending lines are available, which are highly ROE accretive, you use those 
lines there. And there's a separate co-lending lines for the gold specifically by our lending 
partners, so we utilize them. And that is the reason you will see the co-lending in the gold 
loan have been higher percentage as compared to MSME and home loan. 
 
And in regard to growth, there is no shift in our strategy. If you see our home loan portfolio 
is also growing at a pace of about 35%-40% year-on-year. Gold loan, because the base was 
lower and number of branches have been high, so that is showing you very high growth. 
But if you see from current quarter onwards, the base is already in the range of INR6,000 
crores. The growth will get normalized unless we open more number of branches 
significantly. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. Thank you, and over to you. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Thank you so much for sparing time and coming on the call to understand more about us. 
And we would like to assure you that we'll continue to grow our secured retail lending 
portfolio on the back of a strong branch network across Micro LAP, MSME, gold loan and 
home loans. And with the effective co-lending line in place where about 20% plus portfolio 
will remain under the co-lending arrangement, which will continue to give lower allocation 
of the equity capital and high ROE. 
I think our technology initiative will also drive the cost efficiency. The combined effects 
of this, you will see that quarter-on-quarter, we will see that our operating costs coming 
down in some percentage and our ROE continue to improve, and we will be on the guided 
path. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
