 
10th December, 2024 
 
To, 
The BSE Limited, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor New Trading Building, 
Rotunda Building, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street,  
Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
To, 
Corporate Communications, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No.C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051. 
Scrip Code : 541929  
 
 
 
Security ID : SGIL 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call with Analysts / Investors which was held on December 
06, 2024 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 & 46 read with Clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir,  
 
This is in continuation of our letter dated December 04, 2024 giving intimation of the subject 
mentioned conference call and subsequently furnishing the web link for accessing the Audio 
recording of the said conference call vide our letter dated December 07, 2024. 
 
In terms of the subject referred regulations, please find attached the transcript of the 
Conference Call held on December 06, 2024 with Analysts / Investors. 
 
Please note that the said transcript has also been uploaded on the website of the Company 
(www.synergygreenind.com) which can be accessed at the following link: 
Link: https://synergygreenind.com/investors-relations/  
 
This is for your information and records 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Synergy Green Industries Ltd. 
 
 
 
Nilesh M. Mankar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Memb.No.A39928 
 
Nilesh Mohan 
Mankar
Digitally signed by Nilesh 
Mohan Mankar 
Date: 2024.12.10 18:12:59 
+05'30'

 
1 
 
 
 
“SYENRGY GREEN INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED GROUP ANALYST CALL” 
DECEMBER 06, 2024 
 
E&OE – This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded 
on the stock exchange on December 07, 2024 will prevail. 
 
MANAGEMENT:
MR. V.S. REDDY – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, SYNERGY GREEN INDUSTRIES LIMITED
MR. NILESH MANKAR, COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Good aŌernoon all of you. First of all, may I request all of you to mute your mics please? 
So I'll just quickly run through our company proﬁle, and then I'll be opening for a quesƟons. 
Myself Mr. V. S. Reddy, I'm an execuƟve director of this organizaƟon. This is our disclaimer that all the 
informaƟon provided here are based upon the present business condiƟons and are subjected to change 
based on the market condiƟons.  
One of the bases for our industry is the climate change. Renewables are not just in a business, it is a 
industry for a human cause. Hence every policymaker is puƫng lot of eﬀorts to make this global warming 
under control through this renewable industry. It is expected that I'm just like quickly running through this 
presentaƟon, because this presentaƟon is already on a website. So, whosoever new is there just to 
familiarize, I am running through this presentaƟon. If you have any speciﬁc quesƟons, I can take the call 
quesƟons individually. By 2030, it is expected that 25% of the energy is going to be supplied through 
renewables, and it is esƟmated to go up to 70% by 2050 actually. So, renewables, part from lighƟng, 
climate change, it is a compeƟƟve energy soluƟon as well, and this produces energy without depleƟng any 
natural resources. ParƟcularly when you take country like India. It also avoids lot of foreign exchange 
ouƞlow by avoiding the Import of the oil and coal. Always one quesƟon comes to all of his mind, that is a 
wind and solar. Actually, wind has got some advantage and disadvantage. Solar has got certain advantage 
and disadvantage. We always consider wind and solar as a compeƟng technology rather than 

 
2 
 
complemenƟng technologies than compeƟng. Pros of the wind is very high, compared to solar is almost 
35% starts from, and it goes up to 60% in case of oﬀshore technology. So, this is the only energy can replace 
the base load like coal and crude oil because the absence factor is quite high. This is the only technology 
which generates energy in the evening and nights as well, wherein solar can generate only in the dayƟme 
and a very low land requirement. Also, there is a resale value, because this is empty built with the steed 
material. Even aŌer 20 years there will be some recoverable value out of this top line. Now cons are, it 
needs lot of moving parts and the opƟmizaƟon cost is a quite challenging thing. Second thing is, its 
generaƟon is skewed towards the iniƟal 6 months during the wind season, that is the disadvantage of the 
wind technology. When I look at the solar there is no moving parts. So that's the reason why, if you see 
last 4 or 5 years, the kind of price drop happened in solar is very signiﬁcant, and then the generaƟon is 
more or less uniform across the year for a country like 365 days sunny country like India. The general 
selecƟon on dayƟme and recycling can be challenging, going forward, and also it requires large pieces of 
land. Now coming back, if you look at this chart, wherein it shows that from 2010 Solar energy cost used 
to be around ₹18-20. It has dropped now almost at par with wind. It's about 3 and a half or 4 kind of the 
numbers. But sƟll we believe both the technologies are going to coexist because of the nature of the Ɵming 
the way both the energies generates the electricity. 
Today, Wind and solar, having a more or less similar level as cost of energy. That is, end cost, we can say 
wind cost of per megawaƩ cost may be higher, but since its eﬃciency is higher, so per unit level, both wind 
and solar costs are going to be remain same. Actually, now, there are alternate thing to achieve the round 
the clock energy is, we require baƩery, because wind and solar alone cannot fulﬁll the complete energy 
requirement. So, the baƩery is almost 3 Ɵmes expensive than both, and wind solar. So, for us now, today, 
every technologist is trying to maximize the energy from the wind and solar then leŌ over thing, they are 
trying to look for a baƩery operaƟon to achieve the round the clock energy. So as a whole, we see wind 
and solar ulƟmately, rather than compeƟƟon, I call it as a complemenƟng technology to each other. 
 
These are the Indian wind installaƟons. Last year there was around a 50% increase in uh the installaƟon. 
But the good part is the global thing it's very consistent. Company like synergy, we're not just dependent 
on the domesƟc market. In spite of last 5, 6 years, that is the 2017-18 to 2022 wind Industry has not done 
great in India. SƟll, synergy revenues have gone up almost fourfold. It is mainly because our dependency 
is on the total global market, not just dependent upon the Indian market. 
Synergy is not just depended on the wind industry. We are also simple casƟng manufacturers. Of course, 
today we are specialized into producing the wind turbine casƟngs. The total global casƟng is almost 110 
million, out of which 48 million comes from the China and we are the second largest, with 11.49 million 
tons. So, the global demand is around a 155 billion. It is being esƟmated that during next 10 years average 
CAGR growth is going to be 378 and India will be faster than the global average. So today, wind industry 
contributes just 1.5% of the global demand. But it is expected to grow going forward with the wind 
industry, taking aﬀecƟonal. But total addressable market for synergy, we roughly esƟmate somewhere 
under 7% of the total global, the single 110 million kind of a demand. That is about 7-8 million kind of a 
casƟng demand where synergy can produce. 
 

 
3 
 
The management side, we are part of a Shirgaokar group which is more than 100 years old Company with 
group turnover of 2,700 Crores. Mr. Sachin Shirgaokar is our chairman, and he has done a migrant Mba in 
U.S.A. and he is having 35 years of working experience with the family business. Then Sohan is the manager 
managing director, he's with the family business for almost more than 19 years and myself, I'm basically a 
foundry expert. I've done masters in foundry technology. And also later, I've done management from, IIM, 
Bangalore, having 30 years of experience in this industry, including iniƟal part of 15-16 years I spent in the 
corporates like L&T. Then we started this business in 2011 from synergy. 
 
We have state of the art faciliƟes. We have all kind of cerƟﬁcaƟon. We are one of the most reputed supplier 
in the country not only for domesƟc equipment, but a global demand. Our business porƞolio consists of 3 
segments one is the wind. The second is the gearbox. But again, we consider a separate segment where 
client base is diﬀerent and the 3rd thing is the nonwind. We are almost present in all major big casƟng 
industry like mining, plasƟc injecƟon and pumps. Actually, today, only 15% of the revenue coming from 
nonwind. Otherwise. Synergy's biggest strength is a client base, we are almost operaƟng 3 largest 
customers in the world, that is, Vestas, ZF and Siemens Gamesa. In fact, Nordex is already under 
development. Yesterday only we signed a contract with envision which we today we already made it public, 
that is, we have, signed a long term purchase agreement contact for supply of casƟng to envision as well. 
 
o on the right hand side, apart from Vistas and Siemens Gamesa, we also supply uh local OEM’s, like Adani 
and Senvion and we also cater to Major Gearbox, manufacturers like Siemens and the nonwind front. We 
are serving to Terex, Millacron and MaƩher and PaƩ. One thing if you noƟce in this whole thing, we always 
try to pick up a customer, one who is a leader in that parƟcular. So, we are very successful in doing that. 
So, all our customer base is coming from the individual segments.  
 
So, our strength is to produce large casƟngs and we are having client base with all the top global OEM’s. 
In fact, we have grown uh 11 years out of the last 12 years. So, we are a very consistent organizaƟon. On 
the weakness point, we have a very limited capacity compared to our peers in China. Generally, they 
operate around 300,000  to 400,000 tons, some kind of capacity, but we are having only 30,000 to 45,000 
tons, but we are in the process of conƟnuously increasing our capacity. Once the domesƟc market grows, 
we are planning to add our capaciƟes. Today, we are 100% outsourcing or machining which is cosƟng us 
almost 12 to 15% of our boƩom line. But now, recently, we raise funds to make the expansion in the 
missing faciliƟes which the project is going on with that gradually will be taking mission also in house. On 
the opportunity front, as I discussed renewable is one of the fastest growing countries and with a very 
high entry barrier for the foundry industry. Today. If you look at, there are 12 to 15 OEM’s are there, but 
there are only 3 counƟes producing in India for the OEM secƟon. Under threat side, our major revenues 
are coming from the wind, but as I menƟoned these faciliƟes can be used uh to any other product without 
any barrier and the another risk factor with our company can be a commodity prices so highly volaƟle. But 
this is parƟally hedged on base steel material and other things. We are having a back to back contracts 
from the customers. If at all any unidirecƟonal moment is there in a commodity, it may impact our 
revenues for a proﬁtability for a quarter or 2, but ﬁnally it will get adjusted. 

 
4 
 
So if you look at the client, base synergy is the only neutral company wherein supplying to all the leading 
OEM’s. Another part is the synergy is the only company operaƟng in, not just in wind, gearbox, and non 
window as well. So, it brings a lot of diversity for the organizaƟon compared to our peers. 
 
We do expect going forward the similar kind of the journey the current year. We have given a forecast of 
370 crores and the next year should go up to 450 crores is the present orderbook we have. But if we're 
able to complete the envision development quick, then we can increase this 450. There is a possibility of 
taking on the upside depending on the order ﬂow. Presently, last year we did about 12% kind of the thing. 
But the current year we are almost going around 15% kind of thing. So, we have given a guidance of around 
200 basis point increase. But it seems the margins can be slightly higher because we are having a favorable 
Uh orderbook and also the stable raw material condiƟons. 
 
This is a quick wrap on one of our performance, last year revenues were grown by 13% and gross 
contribuƟon by 4% and EBDITA margins 9%. Because of the commodity issues. We had a problem in the 
last year and last before last previous 2 years. But last year it has become back to normal because data 
commodity has reached a stability. Roc has also doubled because of the good proﬁtability. Last year Roc 
was 23%, and asset turn also is good maintaining around 1.73, and debt to equity raƟo has come down 
from 2.37 to 1.71. In spite of we have taken up 1.57 growth project expansion. This year we are expecƟng 
this debt equity raƟo to go down further below 1.5 is mainly because the funding element.  
 
This is our cost structure. Wherein, we spend around 8% of the power and 10% of the manpower under 
12 and a half percent is the marches. This is how the present start cost structure is uh based out. Right 
now, we are doing 60 gross expansion for the foundry, another 65 gross of the inhouse machining and 32 
gross for the solar. So, this uh helps us in expanding our margin uh the 1st line. The foundry will help us in 
increasing the top line because we are increasing capacity from 30 to 45,000 tons. 
 
This is the project phase. We already completed the rights issue process under the Brownﬁeld expansion 
we are expecƟng to complete by March. The solar will also expect it to be complete by March and the 
inhouse machining facility may shoot up to September because of the long lead Ɵme for the big machines. 
Actually, no. So, this is the distribuƟon of the funding source for our 1 57 course project. So out of each uh 
26, coming from the internal equivalent and another 37 plus coming from the equity infusion, and the 
balance is coming from the debt tax. So, on the sustainability front. That is the triple boƩom line. Our 
major focus is onto the green producƟon. So we wish to be 50% green producƟon by 2030 through the 
renewable energy. The second thing is, we have focus a lot on waste management, because at the end of 
the day. It also preserves the nature, and it improves our boƩom line. Actually, no, a simple packing 
improvement itself will change the boƩom line by 1%, 2%. So always this iniƟaƟve of nature and this thing, 
you know, improvement goes hand in hand with the economy. So this helps us in preserving the nature 
and also improve our boƩom line. And we are also focusing a lot on our process automaƟon and 
digiƟzaƟon because we feel going forward. The manpower can be a big challenge, parƟcularly foundry 

 
5 
 
industry is a very this thing, you know. Geƫng the skilled manpower is a big challenge. So we are trying to 
see, wherever possible, try to reduce the dependency of the manpower through automaƟon and 
digiƟzaƟon. And we are also focusing a lot on energy opƟmizaƟon. Recently, we have connected with a 
dedicated feeder with a 14 megawaƩ. With all these kind of iniƟaƟves, we are able to reduce our energy 
consumpƟon. In the last 4 years, almost 20% kind of energy consumpƟon we could able to reduce. So, if 
we have given a forecast of earlier 200 basis point increase from a toll and a half, that is a 4 and a half 
percent EBDITA margins for the current year. But we may likely to cross 15 plus because we clock 15 closer 
in the last quarter this year quarter. Also we have a good amount of exports, so we expect. With this we 
should be able to maintain a beƩer than what the guidance we have given here. Coming back to the 
capacity right now we are on the journey to take up the capacity from 30,000 to 45,000 tons. But we see 
an opportunity going forward uh next to 2 to 3 years, to build another Greenﬁeld project, to take the total 
capacity of 200,000 tons. So accordingly, we are already working with the various OEM’s like we have 
added, we are conƟnuously adding new OEM’s. We added a new product from Senvion. Now, yesterday 
we signed a contract with Envision and we have already successfully developed a product for the Nordex, 
which is a 5 megawaƩ apart from vistas and Gamesa whatever we have now. So we are trying to focus on 
top 7 OEM’s in the world. The order book can be very strong. So we see the demand. RelaƟon up to 
100,000 should not be a problem in the next 2 uh 3 years kind of Ɵmeline. Actually, of course, we need to 
build another Greenﬁeld project to cater to this kind of demand. 
 
So the I've done a quick wrap of it. So thank you for your presentaƟon. I've gone very fast just because this 
informaƟon is already available in public domain. So I don't want it to repeat the things. But for any 
newcomers, just for your informaƟon, I just quickly run through. Yes, I request Mr. NiƟn Dharmavath to 
unmute yourself. 
 
Niteen S Dharmawat: Yeah, so what is the yearly revenue that we are expecƟng from the order that we 
announced today? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See, I have given a this thing out to guidance around 10,000 tons is the what we have 
signed a contract maximum annually. So if I take depending on the parƟcular period, so pricing, it may be, 
130,140 crores per year. Recurring orders we should get. Of course, aŌer mature, it may take 2, 3 years 
Ɵme to reach those kind of numbers. 
 
Niteen S Dharmawat: What is the Consolidated debt that we'll be having aŌer this expansion is completed? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See even though last year the closing date of March 2024 balance sheet was closer to 
80 crores, out of which 45 crores was the long term debt. 35 crores were the short term working capital. 
This we are expecƟng. Long term rate may go up to maximum 110 crores, 120 crores, because, even 
though we are borrowing 95 crores plus. But some repayment will also be keep happening, and we'll also 

 
6 
 
be, what do you call um? UƟlizing our internal accruals through proﬁts also. So we have taken a sancƟon 
for 95 crores. I don't see there is a necessity for using the complete. The sancƟoned bank limits from the 
bank. So to answer your quesƟon precisely, we don't expect the total debt level peak should happen 
current year 160-170 crores, including working capital of 60-70 crores, and the next year it may taper down 
to 150 crores. What we are esƟmaƟng actually, no debt levels. 
 
Niteen S Dharmawat: 150 crore, including working capital. You're saying? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: You are right, for the next year, but current year may go, liƩle Peak, because we'll be at 
the peak of a Capex cycle. So next year it may go down actually. 
 
Niteen S Dharmawat: And how is the Capex going on currently which we are undertaking? Is it on Ɵme 
now, or is there any delay? Because we took some Ɵme in acquiring the land earlier? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yes, you're right. We were expecƟng this rights issue to get completed by September, 
but it went on by a month extra. It went up to October, so we don't see any signiﬁcant delay. May be 4 
weeks, 6 weeks kind of the Ɵmeline the foundry is um may go to March or April, and solar is also almost 
intact. Machining only there is a lead. Time is a liƩle longer because of chips and controller availability, but 
sƟll we're trying to expect. We are fortunate to get. So we are trying to iniƟate by before even June or 
itself with parƟal machining. So progressively, more or less it will be in line with what the work schedule 
we are given. 
 
Niteen S Dharmawat: No, you see, we almost took, you know, 5 years in compleƟng this project from 
30,000 to 45,000 now. So what makes us conﬁdent that we'll be able to achieve 100,000 in next 5 years 
period? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: We are not done the project because we did not add a land. I will tell you one thing. It's 
about 3 years. You are right. 3, 4 years back we acquired a land where in that land went into trouble it 
could not get transferred to our this thing, because the owners land went into NCLT. Actually, no, since we 
did not have a land then, we did not go ahead with later. Then there was other 2 challenges came in Covid. 
And then this commodity cycle. So both the things hit us. Then we went soŌer. We did not complete. But 
today we are almost 95% of the ordering has been done, actually, in fact, with the advance payments and 
everything. I don't see any reason there should be any delay now. 
 
Niteen S Dharmawat: Now, my next quesƟon is, do we see any risk due to Trump's focus on tradiƟonal 
energy sources, then on renewables? 

 
7 
 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: I see posiƟve for synergy with Trump's coming into the picture, because he is thinking, 
forecasƟng to add another 10% tariﬀ on China. That helps us geƫng more business from the Us. Market. 
That is one. Yes, trump is not in favor of oﬀshore. The oﬀshore project may go a liƩle slow but oﬀshore. 
We are not focusing at all, if at all. We go enter into oﬀshore. Today oﬀshore is a what you call it's a cash, 
burning kind of thing. It is not all compeƟƟve with onshore. Onshore is a very matured industry. So we 
don't see any big problem at the end of the day uh, the industry operates based on the demand supply. 
So there is not much of a subsidy. Our policies are in involved in the onshore acƟvity, but sƟll in oﬀshore 
there is a lot of sub policy. Support is required. So I don't see any problem because of the term coming up 
right now. 
 
Niteen S Dharmawat: This 18% EBDTIA margin guidance that you're talking about by when we are 
expecƟng this? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: AŌer FY 27 means next year we're expecƟng to complete the complete project. So with 
that we should be able to do FY 27 we should be able to post close to 18%. 
 
Kunal - Sunidhi: First of all, congrats on the uh disclosure today. Announcement today on the envision 
supply agreement. So, with that which are the other orders in pipeline? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Okay, the 1st part is synergy. Always build capaciƟes only aŌer securing the orders. So, 
the new capacity, this 30,000 to 45,000 tons expansion. What we're doing, it's more or less. We have a 
backup of order book. The second, now, what we are working is for the next level from 45,000 ton to 
100,000 tons. Kind of thing, what We're trying to build a base. So, this new capacity customers coming in 
like Amazon, are not. Development is going on. So I don't see any problem in taking the order book to the 
next Greenﬁeld project. 
  
Kunal - Sunidhi: I just saw that the promoter holding, I think, has been reduced by about 4 to 5%. So any 
reason? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: You should look otherwise. Number of shares with the promoters have gone up. We 
have done a 10 number of shares with the promoters have gone up in the last 2, 3 months. You should 
read this as if we have raised the funds by diluƟng 10% out of each promoters 5%, 5% has gone to the 
market. It is not a promoter sale. On the contrary, promoters parƟcipated out of 10 fundraising 5%. We 
have parƟcipated in. 
 

 
8 
 
Kunal - Sunidhi: Okay, so how much was total raised? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: We raised around 46 Crores through rights issue with raƟo 1 is to 10. 
 
Khush Gosrani: Sir, I wanted to understand. Once your machining porƟon comes in. What percentage of 
your revenue would be at Peak, coming from machining and casƟng? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See, our top line will remain same. Machining is only a backward integraƟon. But, since 
we are doing the foundry expansion peak revenues between 550 to 600 crores is what we're esƟmaƟng. 
 
Khush Gosrani: Sure and in terms of what once the backward integraƟon happens, what kind of margin 
improvements we could see because of machining? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yeah, that I've already spelled out. It's so close. 18% is what we're targeƟng with the 
compleƟon of the all expansion. 
 
Khush Gosrani: In terms of the commodity risks, how do you hedge it? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See commodity, we don't hedge it. The commodity, we have a contract agreement with 
the customers every 3 quarters. Average of the commodity prices will be given in the upcoming quarter. 
 
Khush Gosrani: What would be a direct export right now, as a percentage of total top line? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Direct exports last year were 11.00 Crores. But this year has gone up signiﬁcantly. 25% 
actually current year. 
 
Khush Gosrani: What would be the gross margin, diﬀerenƟal between domesƟc and export orders. 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See, generally we get a beƩer contribuƟon from the exports because of the incenƟve, 
and we want to price neck to neck to the currency, because I have seen historically, always dollar against 
INR, INR gets depreciated. So these are the beneﬁts that we get. 

 
9 
 
 
Pritesh Jain Investburg: So my quesƟon is related to non wind segment, approximate 25 to 30% come from, 
non wind segment. So what exactly we try to manufacture there and what are the margin proﬁles of those 
Non wind segment products? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: In Non-wind we do something like a plasƟc injecƟon, mining and pump industry. 
Margin, we don't compare one to one, because wind industry brings a big volume and a very compeƟƟve 
pricing, but in non-wind it is a moderate or lower volumes, but brings a good contribuƟon, actually means 
beƩer margins. Blending of volume and blending of a high margin, things from the coming from non-wind 
as well. 
 
Pritesh Jain Investburg: Next quesƟon is related to the promoter, so are there any other line of businesses 
they are involved in apart from this synergy green business? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: No, me. Personally, I'm fully dedicated for the synergy. I'm basically a professional and 
becoming co-founder from the beginning. But as far as management is concerned we are into sugar. We 
are more than 100 years old Company. Our biggest revenue comes from the sugar, and we do have one it 
company, that is, another foundry as well, mainly catered to the sugar industry. Then hospitality and other 
industries. Actually there are diversiﬁed businesses with our promoƟng. 
 
Kunal - Sunidhi: The working capital the receivable days right now are preƩy good, if you see. So the 
payment terms are really good from the customers abroad. So can we extrapolate this and see that this is 
going to conƟnue? And we are going to have a healthy agreement with the suppliers also so our payable 
day will also be in the similar range, so we have a good working capital beneﬁt ahead? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yes, this equaƟon is not going to get changed. On the contrary, we may improve further 
because of the uh in-house missioning facility will reduce my lead Ɵme. My inventories may go down. So 
we are targeƟng to improve further from whatever the numbers we have actually. 
 
Vinit Bolinjkar: I would like to know what is your average realizaƟon per ton that you get? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Current year, maybe around ₹140 per kg, that is the average of wind and Non wind. 
 
Vinit Bolinjkar: So why will the realizaƟon go down if you are making cost improvement? 

 
10 
 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: No, if I make a cost improvement, I need to pass on something to the customer right? 
See if you are to get more business you cannot get more business with a higher price. That is the market 
principles right? 
 
Vinit Bolinjkar: So, then the margins will remain relaƟvely stable? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: No, the aŌer factoring in the discounts to the customer. We have given you the 
guidance. 
 
Vinit Bolinjkar: And over the period of 5 years like you said you went to 100,000. What kind of average 
capacity uƟlizaƟon you're looking at? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: See right now, since we are having a limited capacity going right now, we are running 
90 plus 92, 93% kind of thing is going on. But 80% is a good uƟlizaƟon. 80, 85% should be achievable thing, 
you know, if the business is in a reasonably good condiƟon. 
 
Prem Luniya: I wanted some clarity. Is this understanding correct, that around 12 metric ton or 13 metric 
ton is the average um casƟng required for one megawaƩ? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: You are right. 
 
Prem Luniya: Right. So the 10,000 what we are expecƟng from Envison, so we are expecƟng that around 
800 mega, 850 megawaƩ, they will give it to us? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: You are right. You're right. You are right. 
 
Prem Luniya: The percentage contribuƟon out of that complete order book how much are we going to 
give? 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Uh, I'll put slightly diﬀerently. Actually, no, because it's a complex customer to customer. 
Somebody is like someone like West House. He's buying from more than 10-15 companies. Actually, no, 

 
11 
 
he's doing 24 gigawaƩ there, 20 plus gigawaƩ. Even envision also does more than 20 gigawaƩ per year. So 
now we do Ɵll yesterday around 2 gigawaƩ is the supply for the casƟng. For example, the enƟre India do 
does about 4 gigawaƩ 50% of the India's consumpƟon. What we produce. Again, 50% doesn't go to 
domesƟc. ParƟally, we are doing exports as well. Some of the turbines built in India, but it is exported. So 
if I have to see it's almost equal. One third for the domesƟc consumpƟon under one third for the Turbine 
is built in India, but it is used in Europe or us. One third thing is directly we exporƟng to internaƟonal 
market. This is how the raƟo is split. 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: I hope I answered your quesƟon. Nilesh, shall we conclude this call? 
 
Nilesh Mankar: Yes, sir. 
 
V Srinivasa Reddy: Yeah, once again. Thank you all for joining this call. We hope, you could able to get 
clariﬁed on the points. Thanks a lot. 
 
 
