 
 
 
November 16, 2024 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
               
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex  
 
 
Floor no. 25, PJ Towers 
Bandra (E) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 051 
  
 
 
 
 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Trading Symbol: “SOLARINDS”  
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 532725 
Through NEAPS   
 
 
 
 
 
Through BSE Listing Center 
 
 
Subject: Transcription of Conference Call with reference to the Unaudited Financial 
Results for the quarter and half year ended on September 30, 2024 with the 
Management of the Company. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Further to our letter dated November 7, 2024 we are forwarding herewith a copy of 
Transcription of Conference Call hosted by Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities, on Thursday, 
November 14, 2024 at 11.00 a.m. to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results of the 
Company for the quarter and half year ended on September 30, 2024 with the Management 
of the Company. 
 
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge.  
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours truly, 
 
For Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Khushboo Pasari 
Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer 
 
Khushboo 
Anish Pasari
Digitally signed by 
Khushboo Anish Pasari 
Date: 2024.11.16 
16:20:13 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
“Solar Industries India Limited 
Q2 FY‘25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
                   
 
   
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MANISH NUWAL - CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – SOLAR INDUSTRIES 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. SURESH MENON - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – SOLAR 
INDUSTRIES INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. MONEESH AGRAWAL - JOINT CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – SOLAR INDUSTRIES INDIA LIMITED 
 
MS. SHALINEE MANDHANA – JOINT CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – SOLAR INDUSTRIES INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. MILIND DESHMUKH -- EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR– 
SOLAR INDUSTRIES INDIA LIMITED 
 
MS. AANCHAL KEWLANI – INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
SOLAR INDUSTRIES INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. NATASHA JAIN -- NIRMAL BANG INSTITUTIONAL 
EQUITIES 
 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Solar Industries Limited Q2 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Natasha Jain from Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities. 
Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Natasha Jain: 
Thank you, Manav, and good morning, everyone. We welcome all of you to the Second 
Quarter FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of Solar Industries India Limited. Today on the call 
from the management, we have Mr. Manish Nuwal, MD and CEO; Mr. Suresh Menon, 
Executive Director; Mr. Milind Deshmukh, Executive Director; Mr. Moneesh Agrawal, joint 
CFO; Ms. Shalinee Mandhana, joint CFO; and Ms. Aanchal Kewlani, SRM and IRM. 
 
I would now like to hand over the call to Aanchal. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Aanchal Kewlani: 
Thank you so much, Natasha. It's a pleasure to have you on the call. A very good morning to 
our dear stakeholders and well-wishers. My name is Aanchal and I would like to welcome you 
all to the Solar Industries India Limited second quarter and half yearly conference call of FY 
'25. This call's recording, including the transcript, will be available on the site. The financial 
statements, quarterly fact sheets, investor presentation and press release are also available on 
our website. 
 
To begin with, I would like to remind you that during the call, we might make projections of 
other forward-looking statements regarding future events and about the future financial 
performance. Please remember that such statements are only predictions. Actual events or 
results may differ materially. And our website will be updated with all relevant information 
timely. 
 
Now I would request Solar's CEO and MD, Mr. Manishji Nuwal for his opening remarks on 
the company's performance followed by Q&A session. Thank you. Over to you, sir. 
Manish Nuwal: 
A very good morning to all the well-wishers and stakeholders of Solar. With much enthusiasm, 
I take this opportunity to highlight Solar's resilience and strategic agility. The second quarter of 
this year, once again, brings us the privilege of announcing record achievements across key 
metrics. We have delivered a robust performance by registering the growth of 27% year-on-
year in this quarter. 
 
We have achieved the highest ever quarterly EBITDA and profit after tax at INR475 crores 
and INR304 crores, registering a PAT growth of 45% year-on-year and highest ever half 
yearly EBITDA and PAT at INR949 crores and INR604 crores, registering a PAT growth of 
47% in the first half of the year FY '25. 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
 
The company has also achieved highest ever quarterly -- highest ever yearly EBITDA and 
PAT margins at around 27.9% and 17.7%, respectively. The company's portfolio expansions 
and capacity products from energetic materials to ammunitions has received a strong support 
from India's defense contracts and export orders. We are expecting the Pinaka orders very 
soon, along with the orders from international customers. 
 
We are glad to share that the defence section potential has started unfolding with the revenue 
growth of 204% year-on-year and increasing threefold from INR106 crores to INR322 crores 
in this quarter. We are optimistic of achieving defence product sales of INR1,500 crores, with 
defence reaching around 20% of our total sales for the year FY '25. We remain confident in 
Solar Industries growth trajectory, which will continue to drive long-term value for our 
investors and stakeholders. 
 
As we move forward, the government's ongoing commitment to housing and infrastructure 
development, along with the rising power demand gives us confidence to reach our annual 
guidance. Our industry has faced subdued demand due to elections and heavy monsoon season, 
impacting the execution of mining and infrastructure activities in the first half of the year. 
Despite these strong headwinds, we have achieved a growth due to robust performances from 
our international business and defence section. 
 
We are happy to highlight that we have recently backed the 2-year order from Singareni 
Collieries to the tune of INR887 crores and defence products worth INR1,110 crores, 
consolidating our current order book to INR5,700 crores plus. On the backdrop of these orders 
and upcoming opportunities, we are revising our annual CapEx guidance significantly upward 
from INR800 crores to INR1,200 crores for the year '25. The progress made by the company 
over the past 2.5 decades, with substantial contracts across defense, in distal explosives and 
export segment. Solar Industries has fortified 5 order books and laid a solid foundation for 
sustained growth. 
 
Our development has been radical as we continue to explore growth opportunities. We remain 
committed to high performance culture, which will help the company to create value for the 
stakeholders. 
 
Now I will hand over the call to Aanchal for the quarterly update. Thank you. 
Aanchal Kewlani: 
Thank you so much, sir. Before beginning, I would like to highlight on major quarter updates. 
Highest ever quarterly EBITDA at INR475 crores and PAT at INR304 crores. Highest ever 
quarterly defence revenue registered at INR322 crores, highest ever order book crossing 
INR5,700 crores, revised CapEx for FY '25 from INR800 crores to INR1,200 crores. 
 
We have already shared the investor presentation, carrying all necessary information for your 
operations. So we will go quickly through the numbers. The consolidated revenue for the 
quarter is INR1,716 crores versus INR1,347 crores and for half year, INR3,401 crores versus 
INR3,030 crores. Our explosive volume for the quarter and half yearly has increased by 7% 
and 12%, respectively. Initiating Systems revenue increased by 2% in the half year. The 
percentage of the sectors in the customer basket are as follows: CIL is down in the basket to 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
10% from 14%. Non-CIL & institutional is at 13% from 15%. H&I is at 11% in the basket. 
Exports and overseas is almost similar at 46% from 47%, and defence has increased and is at 
19%, quite close to our annual guidance of reaching 20% from 8% in the basket in the 
previous year. 
 
In the half year, the basket more or less remains the same, except for CIL, which has come 
down from 15% to 12% in defence, which is majorly increased from 9% to 15% in the basket. 
And in absolute terms, the same has increased by 98% year-on-year. Raw malarial 
consumption for the quarter stands at INR843 crores versus INR653 crores and for half year, it 
stands at INR1,713 crores versus INR16,15 crores. 
 
Coming to employee costs, the employee cost for the quarter stands at INR145 crores against 
INR103 crores. And for half year, it is INR276 crores against INR203 crores. Other expenses 
for the quarter stand at INR283 crores versus INR255 crores in the quarter. And for half year, 
it stands at INR518 crores. 
 
Coming to EBITDA. We reported an EBITDA of INR475 crores against INR344 crores 
showing a decent rise in the margin from 25.52% to 27.70% in the seasonally weak quarter. 
We reported half yearly EBITDA of INR949 crores against INR675 crores with a margin of 
27.90% against 22.29%. Interest and finance charges. The costs stand at INR30 crores against 
INR25 crores and for half yearly, the cost stands at INR57 crores against INR50 crores. 
 
Depreciation cost stands at INR44 crores against INR34 crores. And for half yearly, it stand at 
INR84 crores against INR68 crores. PBT stands at INR407 crores against INR285 crores. And 
for the half year, it stands at INR815 crores versus INR557 crores. 
 
For PAT, highest ever quarterly PAT stands at INR304 crores, against INR209 crores, with 
margin standing at 17.70% against 15.51%. For the half year, it stands at INR604 crores 
against INR411 crores with a margin of 17.77% against 13.55%. These were the updates for 
the quarter and half year consolidated. 
 
This is all from our side. Now we would be happy to take any questions, comments or 
suggestions that you may have. Over to you, Natasha. 
Natasha Jain: 
Yes. So Manav, can you please start the Q&A round. 
Moderator: 
We have our first question from the line of Bharat Shah from ASK Investments. 
Bharat Shah: 
Remarkable results, congratulations to the team, just one question. I was looking at last 3 to 4 
years of the results quarter-by-quarter. And it's evident that what is the volume sold and trying 
to relate to the profits made or profitability in terms of the margin is easy or very directly 
correlated exercise. So therefore, I presume amount of -- or the quantity of the volume sold 
relatively has low correlation with the profits made. 
 
Profits will be the function, I suppose, of the mix. So clearly, defence has gone up as a 
percentage. And that has a deep impact on the margins also, the highest ever margins in a 
quarter. Is that a correct way to judge? Because quantitative volumes sold have varied even in 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
a high volume sold, profits have been lower in some quarters and low volume sold also the 
profits have been much higher. Therefore, I think the profits are more coordinated to the mix 
and the maybe the raw material situation at a particular point of time as well. So I just wanted 
to have... 
Manish Nuwal: 
Actually, if you look at the last 3, 4 years of our bottom line analysis, it's very clearly evident 
that the way the defence as well as international business is unfolding, it is helping us to 
increase our EBITDA margins. And before last 3, 4 years, we were continuously investing for 
creating infrastructure for defence, development of product. At the same time, we were 
expanding in new territories across the globe. So as a result, during those periods, the impact 
was there of higher overheads and higher depreciation, higher interest. 
 
At the same time, we were facing losses due to foreign exchange fluctuations. So once we are 
coming out of those headwinds, so we are getting better EBITDA margins and as a result, 
better profit after tax also. So as far as volumes are concerned, definitely, sir, volumes are 
impacting or giving a positive support for the bottom line because the volumes which we are 
mentioning is only for Indian market. At the same time, in the international business, we are 
also expanding our volumes like I said. So it's a combination of these 2, 3 factors, which is 
helping us to deliver better results. 
Bharat Shah: 
Right, which means, essentially, given the fact that defence is a rich margin or richer margin 
business in the international business also, I presume, is a richer profitability business. How 
they shape up, coupled with the volumes will really determine the amount of profits we make 
rather than looking at volumes in isolation. And volumes, as you correctly explained, is purely 
domestic and doesn't have impact from the other 2 activities. 
Manish Nuwal: 
True story. That is what the reality is. 
Bharat Shah: 
Okay. Okay. And again, remarkable performance in a quarter which is seasonally otherwise 
not the best quarter, domestically speaking. 
Manish Nuwal: 
Correct, sir. Correct. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. 
Amit Dixit: 
Congratulations for great performance, sir, and particularly the momentum on defence is very 
heartening. I have 2 questions on defence side only. So the first one is on that we have recently 
developed 3 new explosives, which were approved by Navy. So just wanted to get an update 
that what is happening on Air or Army? Where are we on that? And if there is any 
development on commercialization of these exposes as well as if you could highlight the 
further development in case of chaffs and -- chaff factory that whether we have sent any 
product for approval, the status over there? 
Manish Nuwal: 
Yes. Like we have shared in our previous quarters that we have developed the products like 
SEBEX and related products through our in-house R&D efforts, and those are definitely path-
breaking products for our company's future growth. So like we have shared that these products 
are being tested by Navy and definitely going to add into the product list very soon. 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
 
But Amit, like you are aware that the qualifying the product, developing the product based on 
these raw materials, it takes time. So these are long-term initiatives, which will definitely 
deliver positive support for the company. And as far as the facility for chaff and flares are 
concerned, it is first of it's kind in India, which will be provisioning these products. So we have 
already participated in the RFPs, which require the products to be made in India, designed by 
Indian sources. So we are expecting the outcomes. So as we receive the orders, we will 
definitely share with all our stakeholders. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay. Sir, the second one is on Pinaka. While in the prepared remarks, you mentioned that we 
are expecting the order soon, but we have also certain media reports suggest that France is also 
showing interest in Pinaka. So once we get the domestic order, do we see significant export 
opportunities? Previously, I think they were kind of limited to, as we understand, to basically 
other friendly countries, but now with France coming and showing its interest, I think it 
becomes even more widespread. So just wanted to get your comments on that. 
Manish Nuwal: 
Yes. Like I have shared in my previous quarterly call that we are going to receive Pinaka order 
very soon. So very unfortunate that we have still not received the order. We were expecting 
orders to reach in our hand in the last month itself. But based on the Diwali vacation and long 
holiday season, so I think it got delayed due to all those reasons. And now we are expecting 
that in a month's time, we should receive, we should start getting Pinaka orders. So those will 
be definitely big milestone for our company. 
 
Similarly, if you look at the -- apart from Indian opportunities, we all have seen the press 
articles, which shows that a lot of countries are showing interest in buying the products which 
is definitely a big achievement for Indian defence industry, Indian defence research 
organizations that countries like France are showing interest in buying these products. But 
definitely, as we move forward, there will be many such opportunities which can come up 
from friendly countries. So we are also looking forward for those opportunities. So whenever it 
will come, definitely, we will be there in the system or we will definitely get orders. 
Amit Dixit: 
Sir, one more, if I can squeeze in again on defence. The DRDO has reached -- recently, we 
read certain articles that DRDO is kind of developing long-range rockets with guided rockets 
with an Indian company. So there could be a production order also for the same. So are we 
involved in this in some way or it is, I mean, too early to comment anything on this? 
Manish Nuwal: 
Definitely, we have also -- we are also aware that there are efforts in developing the longer 
range Pinaka rockets. So as such, it will be a bigger opportunity for a company like us to be 
participating in those programs. But since these programs are still in initial stages. So as we 
move forward, as we know, the things very clearly, we will keep you updated. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Dipen Vakil from PhillipCapital. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Congratulations on a great execution quarter. Sir, my first question is in the line of -- in the 
order book, is it possible to give us a split between defence and nondefense? 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
Total order book stands at INR5,757 crores. So out of that, defence stands at around INR3,336 
crores and around INR2,224 crores is for explosives. 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Dipen Vakil: 
Noted, sir. Sir. And next question is, how has raw material prices mainly ammonium nitrate 
prices moved in last, say 1 year -- either year-on-year basis or quarter-on-quarter basis, if you 
can help us with the prices for those, please? 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
See, year-on-year basis, the raw material prices have been flat. So as you've see in our 
realization, it's around 2% fall. So raw material prices have fallen and currently, they have 
stabilized. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Sir, 1 last question. Sir, we have some new product development in the form of Bhargavastra. 
So -- and what stage would that be in right now? And are there trials or when will be the orders 
expected for that? 
Manish Nuwal: 
So we are developing this product from last couple of years. And we have also received some 
request for proposals where we have to share the specifications and we have to fine-tune those 
specifications based on the user requirements. So it is at that stage. But once RFP comes up, 
once we participate and once we receive the orders, we will share with you. But it is not going 
to be over in the next 6 months or 12 months. It may take 1 year or it may take 2 years also. 
We are definitely on the verge of developing and qualifying the products for armed forces 
requirements. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Got it, sir. Sir, the export orders that we have received in last month or so, most of them are 
explosive orders or a lot of them are equipment or production orders? 
Manish Nuwal: 
The orders details has already been shared. And if you look at those, then in the past 2 orders 
from international customers are for the defence products, and one of them was from India, 
which is Singareni Collieries. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Okay. So defence orders, so that's also export orders in defence-based application, are those 
from like product or explosives? 
Manish Nuwal: 
I didn't understand what you are asking actually. 
Dipen Vakil: 
No worries. I'll fall back on the queue and come back again. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Pratik Mukasdar from RNL Investments. 
Pratik Mukasdar 
Congratulations for a great set of numbers. And it is even heartening to see the guidance which 
you have given. I just want to ask, since you are dealing closely with the government every 
time and government spending in the last 6, 8 months due to election and all, and various other 
reasons is very slow. So as per your experience, what do you think about the government 
CapEx picking up? And secondly, is our EBITDA and PAT margin sustainable? 
Manish Nuwal: 
There are a couple of things like in every country, whenever there are elections. So definitely 
for a certain period of time, the decision-makers and bureaucracies are always involved and 
busy for those things. In India also, we have seen the similar thing because of election, a 
couple of months in this first half were getting slowed down because of those factors. If you 
look at the rainy season, which we all are aware of, this year, the country has seen record 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
rainfall and normally it is above average by around 10%, which has impacted the mining and 
infrastructure activities. 
 
But if you look at the India's growth projections and the government emphasis on housing and 
infrastructure. And if you look at the power demand, which was say, around 8% in the first 
half of the year. If you take out only 1 month of September, then definitely it is around 8%, 
which is a big rise in power consumption. So if you capture all these factors, so there can be 
seasonal up and down or 1 or 2 months of lag here or there. But on an overall basis, demand 
situation looks good to us. 
 
And as far as the EBITDA margins are concerned, I have answered this question in just a 
couple of minutes back. Sir, as we are unfolding our capacities, as we are unlocking our 
defence verticals, so definitely, as a result of that, our EBITDA margin has increased. In last 
couple of years, we were seeing that EBITDA margin for our company, we were giving or 
sharing guidance of 20%, 22%, which has increased now 25% plus and in this quarter, we are 
seeing that it is 27% plus. 
 
So if you look at all those things, definitely, it's an outcome of our efforts in the last many 
years of setting up infrastructure facilities and developing a variety of products, expanding 
ourselves in a variety of geographies. So as a result of all these efforts, we have seen better 
EBITDA margins. As far as sustainability of these margins in future is concerned, it is quite 
unreasonably optimistic on my part, if I say that we will achieve 30%, 20% every year. 
Definitely. It's a wish of every company that we should maintain all these margins. And we are 
reasonably optimistic that we should achieve 25% plus EBITDA margin going forward as 
well. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Chirag Muchhala from Centrum Broking. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Sir, the question is on international markets. So in Q2, we have consolidated the South African 
entity, Problast. So sir, is it possible to share how much it is contributing sales? 
Manish Nuwal: 
In this quarter, the international business has delivered INR799 crores revenue, and it includes 
all those subsidiaries. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Correct. But would Problast be very large as in kind of... 
Manish Nuwal: 
You will get the country-wise details at the annual results, which we will share after the end of 
this financial year. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay, sir. And directionally speaking, so a couple of large countries for us, which is Nigeria 
and Turkey. So how are their outlook for FY '25 considering that both of them have gone 
through individual country-specific problems last year? So in the H1, how was the demand? 
And how is the outlook for this year? 
Manish Nuwal: 
Yes. We have seen that in the last couple of years, we were struggling a lot in those new 
territories. But after taking a lot of corrective measures, we have seen a lot of improvements in 
South Africa and nearby countries and even in Australia also. So we are expecting and we 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
have seen that those countries are showing a lot of positive turnaround. And as a result, 
performance has also improved and which has helped us in improving our margin also. So we 
believe that this momentum will continue. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. And sir, for the Southeast Asian region, like Australia and Indonesia. So are both these 
countries' operations PAT positive now? And I mean what is our progress in terms of getting 
client approvals and revenue booking, et cetera? 
Manish Nuwal: 
Yes. We have set up the infrastructure. We got the licenses now, and we have started the 
operations. And now we are EBITDA positive in all those subsidiaries. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, lastly, in terms of CapEx, as we have announced the CapEx from 
INR800 crores to INR1,200 crores. So 2 questions regarding that. Firstly, is it possible to give 
a breakup in terms of domestic market, overseas and defense for this INR1,200 crores? 
Manish Nuwal: 
We will share at the end of the year, please. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay, sir. And a related question is that even in the next 1 to 2 years, will CapEx remain 
elevated like INR1,000 crore plus kind of a figure will continue in FY '26, '27 as well? 
Manish Nuwal: 
As of now, like I said that in this year, we have revised our CapEx program from INR800 
crores to INR1,200 crores. Looking at strong opportunities and a lot of orders in pipeline, we 
believe that there will be enough opportunities where we can invest more than INR1,000 
crores or INR1,200 crores on an annualized basis. but it all depends how the things turn up, but 
we are optimistic. And we will share the CapEx program by end of this year, where we can 
give certain guidance on 1 year or 2 years CapEx programs. But as of now, like we said, we 
are targeting or we are -- the projects in pipeline will require around INR1,200 crores of 
CapEx. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Ravi Naredi from Naredi Investments. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Mr. Manish, you and your team deserve good accolades for nice result in H1 and since you 
took MD responsibility, sir, you have planned to increase CapEx and higher defence order, 
need high working capital. So how you plan fund for this? 
Manish Nuwal: 
So thank you very much for appreciating our efforts. As far as CapEx programs are concerned, 
we have opportunities, and we have revised our CapEx program to INR1,200 crores. And most 
of this CapEx will be funded through our internal resources only. And we believe that by the 
end of this financial year, company should be debt-free with the optimism of defence orders 
and advances against them. 
Ravi Naredi: 
So nice, sir. Because so many companies make QIB. So if you are not making, it is a very 
wonderful thing for shareholders. Sir, INR5,700 crores, we supply in how many years? 
Manish Nuwal: 
So INR5,700 crores is the total order book and it includes explosives and defence also. And 
every order have different time lines. So by and large, all these -- some of them orders are for 2 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
years, some of them orders are for 3 years and a few of them are also 4 to 5 years. So it 
depends on each order. So it is difficult to give 1 average benchmark. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Sir, can we have the bifurcation of INR5,700 crores order? 
Manish Nuwal: 
Yes, it is INR2,400 crores from Coal India and Singareni and INR3,300 crores approx from 
defence section. 
Moderator: 
We have a follow-up question from the line of Bharat Shah from ASK Investments. 
Bharat Shah: 
Yes. Manish, our exports and international plus the defence in this quarter is almost about 2/3 
of the total turnover, almost 66%. Would you say over, say, 3-year time frame, this percentage 
probably will move more like 75-25 or 80-20 because those seem to be the areas where greater 
trust overall also appears to be the -- resonate the faster growth. 
Manish Nuwal: 
Your observation is quite right, sir, and I definitely appreciate your analytics skill. So the point 
you have raised is very valid, sir. If you look at the Coal India, institutional and housing infra, 
which is basically Indian market for us, which is around, say, 1/3 of the total basket. And 
balance all is from our new initiatives in last, say, 10, 12 years, which was defence and 
international, which is now 2/3 of our business. 
As we move forward, I think defence verticals from Indian section will also go up and our 
international will keep doing around similar levels. But I think 2/3 percentage level is also a 
very high level and we believe it will continue like this. So 60% to 70% will come from these 
2 new sections, and rest 30% will come from our core domestic businesses. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Jenish Karia from Antique Stock Broking. 
Jenish Karia: 
Sir, the question is on working capital side. There is a significant increase in the inventory and 
debtor days during the half year and reduction of the payable deals. So could you please help 
us understand where the working capital is getting blocked and is this permanent or just a one-
off scenario because of muted domestic demand? 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
Yes, you're very correct with the last line that was muted domestic demand as Mr. Manishji 
has spoken that the rainfall had been quite high, and it was 8% above normal, and this was 
highest since 2020. So as a result, the inventory, you see the numbers in inventory and the 
working capital days from 84, it currently stands at 89, which is well within our normal 
business operations, 90. 
Jenish Karia: 
And did Manish sir says that we will be net debt free by end of this year? 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
Yes, yes. Because we had mentioned that we'll be receiving different orders. And along with 
that, we'll have advances to -- considering those, we will be net debt positive by year-end. 
Jenish Karia: 
Okay. So currently, the net debt stand at around INR8 billion. Okay, you are including the 
current investments also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Narendra from Robo Capital. 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Narendra: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My question is on the defence side. So given the 
strong order pipeline that we are looking at, would it be possible to give a kind of medium-
term view on where we would like our defence segment to be in terms of revenue or order 
book in 2 or 3 years? Would it be possible, sir? 
Manish Nuwal: 
We have already given outlook on defence sales for this financial year, which is around 
INR1,500 crores. We did around INR500-odd crores in the last financial year. This year, we 
are expecting INR1,500 crores. And once we receive all the orders or the orders from Pinaka 
and international business in next 1 or 2 quarters, we will be able to issue guidance for the next 
coming years. 
Narendra: 
Okay, sir. Okay. And on the 25% margin that you said, right, it's including the defence 
segment as well, right, on the consol basis you are expecting. 
Manish Nuwal: 
We say margins on overall basis, it includes explosives and defence also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Zaheer Makhani from -- an individual investor. 
Zaheer Makhani: 
Manishji, my question was on the initiating systems part of our business, which I see is about 
INR300 crores in H1 FY '25. Does there tend to be an attachment ratio between initiating 
systems and explosives because explosives, domestic explosives have grown by 12% in 
volume terms in H1 versus 2% volume growth in initiating systems? 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
Yes. So you are saying that, yes, we said that 12% volume growth is in explosive, but that 
doesn't run in proportionate. So initiating system, as you see a small part of revenue, so it 
stands at INR304 crores out of INR3,400 crores. 
Zaheer Makhani: 
My question was on the disparity of growth because explosives was growing at 12% and 
initiating systems was growing at 2%. Is there an explanation for this? 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
I mean, that's not much of a correlation between those 2 because initiating system is a part 
which is needed along with the explosives. 
Zaheer Makhani: 
Okay. And does the -- is the margin profile for initiating systems better than explosives? 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
Margins, as we said, we talk on overall business. So the current margin stands at 27.7% 
EBITDA margin, which includes both initiating system explosives, defence, everything. 
Zaheer Makhani: 
Right. And we will be -- will it be possible to get some kind of guidance in terms of the 
capacity utilization for the initiative systems? 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
Capacity utilization for a business, which we are in, it's very difficult to speak on the capacity 
because every -- the different products of different capacities and utilization is not possible on 
a product-to-product basis. One single benchmark is not there because there are different 
SKUs. 
Zaheer Makhani: 
So for the initiating systems, are we exporting this from India? Or is it also a part of the 
international business per se? 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
So it's a combination of both. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. 
Amit Dixit: 
Again, I have actually 3 bookkeeping questions. The first one is on -- if I look at purchase of 
trading goods in the P&L statement that has gone up significantly high in this quarter. So just 
wanted to understand the nature of this and the trend, I mean, of this particular expense going 
ahead? 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
Yes. So you know that we have received the order of loitering munitions. So loitering 
munitions, the drones we have purchased from one of our associates that is Z Motion and then 
we have supplied that, after adding explosives to it, to the government. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay. Okay. Got it. Got it. So once this order is executed, this will return back to the original 
even provided we don't get further orders. Okay. Got this. The second one is on, if I look at 
receivables, they have also gone up while you have explained inventory increase in one of the 
earlier questions, why have receivables gone up? Is it due to increasing defence proportion and 
international operations? Or what is the reason for that? And whether this receivables also 
would be unlocked as we go ahead in H2? 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
Yes. If you see the international business has risen around 25% in this quarter -- 25% in this 
quarter. So obviously, the inventor -- debtor days, there are more as compared to the Indian 
sales. As a result, they have gone up. 
Amit Dixit: 
Yes. And this is expected to be unlocked as we receive... 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
That will get reduced within the normal. As such, our normal working days are from 85 to 90, 
the total working capital cycle is there. But on a quarter-to-quarter basis, that may differ for 
some number of days. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay. But as the defence proportion and international business proportion increases, do you 
expect it to remain at elevated level or it will normalize at a certain point in time? 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
Currently, 80, 85 and 90, I said that it's a normalized level. So within that, you know 4, 5 days 
may increase in a quarter. It depends on the sales when the sales are made. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay. The last one is that we actually recorded an expense. Of course, it's a noncash expense 
on the account of hyperinflationary accounting. So can you just explain a bit, it is around 
INR18-odd crores for this quarter, INR26 crores for H1, if I'm not mistaken. So I mean where 
do we see the hyperinflation in which -- about all countries and how is the situation in Q3 
evolving? 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
So currently, the hyperinflationary economies are Ghana, Turkey and Zimbabwe where we 
operate. And this year, as compared to last year, we see the movement in these economies are 
not as high as compared to last year. But we have factored that in our cost. So we should see 
this should stabilize going forward. 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay. Fair enough. And the last one is with South Africa, I mean, are we PAT positive over 
there? 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
Yes. Individually. On a stand-alone basis, also, we had been positive in last quarter itself. And 
this quarter also, we are positive. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that would be the last question for today. And I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Natasha Jain from Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities. Over to you, 
ma'am. 
Natasha Jain: 
Thank you, once again, Manav, I would now request the management to give closing 
comments, if any. 
Aanchal Kewlani: 
Thank you so much, Natasha. We absolutely appreciate the time given by our well-wishers and 
shareholders, and we'll keep coming in the next quarter for these question and answer round 
from Mr. Manishji Nuwal. We expect our well-wishers to keep supporting us. Thank you so 
much. 
Natasha Jain: 
Thank you, Aanchal. Now this concludes the conference. Participants can disconnect their 
lines. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Nirmal Bang Equities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
