 
 
 
                                                                                                                    
 November 21, 2024 
 
To, 
 
The Managing Director  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  5th Floor, Plot No. C/1 
G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
NSE Symbol-SIRCA 
To, 
 
The General Manager 
BSE Limited  
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal 
Street, Mumbai - 400001 
BSE Scrip Code:543686 
 
 
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL WITH INVESTOR(S)/ 
ANALYST(S)   
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
This is to inform you that in terms of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Conference Call held on 
November 18, 2024, post the announcement of the financial results of the Company 
for the quarter and Half Year ended September 30, 2024, has been uploaded on our 
Company’s website:                         
https://www.sircapaints.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/11/SircaPaints-Earnings-
Nov18-2024.pdf 
 
A copy of the transcript is also enclosed.  
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
For Sirca Paints India Limited 
 
 
 
Hira Kumar 
Company Secretary & Compliance officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
HIRA 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by 
HIRA KUMAR 
Date: 2024.11.21 
12:53:03 +05'30'

“Sirc
Q2 FY '25
N
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SAN
DIRECT
MR. APO
DIRECT
MS. SHA
SIRCA P
MR. HIR
COMPLI
LIMITED
 
Page 1 of 17
 
 
ca Paints India Limited 
 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 18, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NJAY AGARWAL – CHAIRMAN CUM M
OR – SIRCA PAINTS INDIA LIMITED 
OORV AGARWAL – JOINT MANAGING
OR – SIRCA PAINTS INDIA LIMITED 
ALLU ARORA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFF
PAINTS INDIA LIMITED 
RA KUMAR – COMPANY SECRETARY A
IANCE OFFICER – SIRCA PAINTS INDIA
D 
 
MANAGING 
G 
FICER – 
AND 
A 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sirca Paints India Limited 
 
 
November18, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Sirca Paints Q2 FY '25 Earnings Call. As 
a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Apoorv Agarwal, Joint Managing Director from Sirca 
Paints. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Agarwal. 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
Thank you so much. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us today.With me on 
the call are our Chairmancum Managing Director; Mr. Sanjay Agarwal; our CFO, Mrs. Shallu 
Arora; and Mr. Hira Kumar, our Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. We appreciate 
your continued interest in Sirca Paints. 
 
We have had another successful quarter marked by significant top line growth. Our revenue 
from operations reached INR105.5 crores, representing a 26.2% increase year-over-year and 
an even more impressive 34.1% growth quarter-over-quarter. This robust performance is 
fuelled by our strategy of focusing on high-value acrylic products, which are gaining traction 
in the Western and Southern region of India beside our Northern India strong hold. 
 
This top line growth is mirrored in our total income, which stands at INR16.34 crores for the 
quarter. However, as many of you are aware, the paints and coatings industry is experiencing a 
period of challenging and exciting times, and we haven't been immune to some of the 
headwinds thrown by them. 
 
Let me address these challenges head on. Firstly, we have heightened -- seen heightened 
competition in the general Polyurethane products segment, putting downward pressure on the 
pricing. This has been a factor in the year-over-year decline in our EBITDA, which sits at 
INR18.96 crores. Secondly, the cost of raw materials have fluctuated impacting our 
profitability. 
 
This, coupled with muted demand in quarter 2 that let us increase dealer schemes have put 
pressure on our margins. Our EBITDA margin for Q2 FY '25 is 17.97% compared to 20%, 
which is our guided range. However, I want to emphasize that we are taking decisive action to 
address these challenges. 
 
Effective October, we implemented our strategic commensurating price increase across our 
entire product portfolio. Besides this, we have escalated our raw material optimization 
program to gain more efficiency, thereby resulting in saving in costs, which are, in turn, 
impacting our EBITDA positively. These measures are already showing positive results. Our 
EBITDA has rebounded significantly quarter-over-quarter, demonstrating a 34.7% increase 
from quarter 1 of FY '25. 
 
Similarly, our PAT and EPS have both seen healthy 30.1% growth quarter-over-quarter. We 
remain confident that these strategic actions will lead to improved margins in the coming 
quarters. While we navigate these short-term challenges, we are not losing the sight of the 
bigger picture. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sirca Paints India Limited 
 
 
November18, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
Sirca Paints is strategically positioned to capitalize on the immense growth opportunities in the 
paint and coating industry, the demand of high-quality innovative products are only going to 
increase, and we are ready to meet that demand. 
 
Now I would like to highlight some of our key strategic initiatives. Firstly, we are committed 
to further expanding our distribution network, which already have 2,476 nodes, excluding our 
OEM partners. We are continuously investing money in marketing and promotional activities 
to strengthen our brand visibility and connect with the customers. 
 
We are also continuously and actively looking for inorganic growth opportunities as a part of 
our strategy through acquisitions. A key part of our strategy is to grow our OEM business. We 
are proud to be preferred OEM vendor for renowned industry players. 
 
Our goal is to become a dominant source in the retail market, and we are well on our way to 
achieve that. We are also excited about our recent acquisition of brand Welcome products from 
New Wembley Product LLP. This strategic move has strengthened our product portfolio and 
allowed us to reach a wider customer base. 
 
Our investment in technology is another area where we are making significant strides. We 
recently launched an enhanced version of our Sirca Parivaar app designed to improve customer 
engagement and streamline our royalty program. With over 24,750 registered contractors and 
17,600 average daily product scan, the app is providing and proving to be valuable tools for 
building stronger relationships with our customers and influencers. 
 
In addition, we are focusing on expanding our product portfolio to cater to a wider range of 
customer needs. Our recent additions include high-end wall paints and coatings, reflecting our 
commitment to diversification and innovation. We are also expanding our footprint beyond 
India, our advanced manufacturing facility in Sonipat is now also exporting products to Nepal, 
Bangladesh and Sri Lanka. This is just the beginning of our global expansion plan. 
 
Before I open the floor for questions, I want to reiterate our confidence in the long-term 
prospects of Sirca Paints. Our commitment to delivering high-quality innovative products 
coupled with our strategic investments and proactive approach or to address the challenges 
position us for continuous growth and success. 
 
We believe in the power of partnership and collaboration. We value the trust you have placed 
in us as investors and partners. We are committed to delivering strong results and creating 
value for all our stakeholders, including Sirca Italy. 
 
Now I would like to open the floor to your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Manan Poladia from MKP Securities. 
Manan Poladia: 
Congratulations on a good set. Sir, my first question is with respect to the new acquisition that 
we've made Wembley. I'm assuming a part of this INR100 crores is from Wembley and some 
chunk must be from Oikos. If you could first call out the revenue contribution from these 
products separately for the current quarter. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sirca Paints India Limited 
 
 
November18, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
And secondly, my other question is on margins. You also mentioned in your PPT that we are 
facing additional competition and some of the newer players, the nonincumbents have also 
entered the space as we can see. If you could just comment on whether you think that the 
current margins are where it's going to be now from a long-term perspective? 
Or this is a slight slowdown and then you're looking to go back up to 20% or 21% margin? If 
you could just call that out, that would be great. 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
Yes, thank you. So see, when we talk about our revenues, so this quarter, the revenue 
contribution, which was coming from the new acquisition Welcome was about INR 11 crores. 
So almost INR 96 crores was coming from our core PU business. Oikos is a recent launch and 
it's moving more or less on the same monthly average of about INR40 lakhs. 
So only INR 1.2 crores was the contribution from the Oikos, which was more or less the same. 
So compared to last year, if we compare only the polyurethane and the Oikos sales from 83%, 
we grew to almost 96%, so almost aboutINR13 crores additional revenue was coming from our 
core business and INR11 crores was coming from the acquisition made under the brand 
Welcome. 
 
Coming back to the margin thing, see quarter 2 was actually extraordinary for our industry due 
to this prolonged rainy season and the demand was seen to be muted, especially in the month 
of August and September. So the scheme outflow from the entire sector actually was on the 
accretive mode. So was Sirca -- so our scheme cost for the month of August and September 
were actually on the accretive mode. 
 
And on the other hand, there was some temporary pressure also from -- in our key raw 
materials. So both the situations were actually impacting our margins about -- for about 2.5%, 
3%. But as I told you, and as I mentioned in my word earlier that the -- we have taken some 
corrective measures related to price increase, which happened across the sector and across the 
competition.  
So we are quite confident that in the second half, where we are expecting better demand, with 
this price increase and better raw material situation, we will be able to come back to our 
original margin set -- set of margins. 
Manan Poladia: 
Just a follow-up on that. So you had mentioned earlier that you were going to ramp up 
investments into marketing and branding expenditures, if you could just call out what percent 
are we currently spending in marketing and branding? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
See currently, again, we are more or less on the same percentage that we did last year, which 
averages between 4% to 5% of our revenue. Though we plan to increase our marketing spend, 
talking more to the customers and the influencers, but seeing the quarter 2 scenario where the 
market condition was tough, and the demand was a little on the lower side. 
Our marketing initiatives went very well, promoting the high-end acrylic products, especially 
in the south and the west region, where we are still on the entry mode. But on the other hand, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sirca Paints India Limited 
 
 
November18, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
in the northern part of India, where we wanted to go more aggressive speaking to customers, 
we were a little on the back side. 
And we're putting more pressures on the south and the -- where we interacted more with 
directly with the centre. So we did a lot of architecture meets contracts meet, dealer meets, 
spent a lot on time to answer along with the schemes. So more or less, we are on the same 
percentage, 4% to 5% of the total revenue that is again going in the marketing cost, but 
majorly B2B. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Neekunj Parmar from Elios Investment Advisors. 
Neekunj Parmar: 
Firstly, very congratulations for the company for basically showing such strong results despite 
the muted demand and all so basically, my question was like while I was going through the 
quarterly report in the consolidated cash flow, there is a line item which mentioned the 
financial assets as such. 
Basically adjustment for financial assets and it shows like INR31 crores of entry for the last 
quarter so what is it actually? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
So Shallu, would you like to answer this question related to the financial? 
Shallu Arora: 
This is actually a combination of other noncurrent asset and the other financial assets that are 
current, and other current assets that are under current assets held and the investment. So we 
have reduced the investment so in March 2024, we had investments of approximately INR40 
crores, now we had an investment of around INR6 crores because we have utilized these 
investments and acquisition of Welcome brand. 
Neekunj Parmar: 
Okay. So but why is within like operating activity. So when they will go through the CFI 
basically? 
Shallu Arora: 
Sorry. 
Neekunj Parmar: 
Like why is it shown in basically the operating activity. So then they may throw through the 
CFI in the bandwidth? 
Shallu Arora: 
No, no. It is under the investment side only. It is under the investments as per the Schedule II 
of companies act. 
Neekunj Parmar: 
So basically, as I can see, it's in the operating CFO side, so that's my main basically concern, 
right? 
Shallu Arora: 
No, no. That's totally correct. If you still have any query, you can get back to me on my email 
ID. I'll give you the detailed information. 
Moderator: 
The next question s from the line of Kunal Tokas from Fair Value Capital. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sirca Paints India Limited 
 
 
November18, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Kunal Tokas: 
Sir, my first question was, what would your market share being the coating side in Delhi 
NCR? And especially, what would the market share of Asian Paints will, now that it is 
becoming aggressive in this segment? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
See, if we talk about Delhi NCR, we operate a strong market share of about 28%. And as we 
talked about Asian pains considering their vast distribution network and polyurethane coating 
becoming a mass product.If we talk about the primary sales, obviously, they have a larger 
market share of about 42% in Delhi NCR still, which has grown in the last couple of years. But 
as I told you and as we have mentioned in our last year and previous calls that Sirca operates 
very strongly on the secondary front. 
Where the company is generating strongly the sales from the ground through contractors and 
architects.So practically, the company operates on the model where we are not dumping the 
material at the retail network but trying to create the demand strongly. So if we talk about our 
strategy is still more on the secondary side compared to the competition, which is more of like 
primary and dumping more products at the dealer end. 
But yes, if we talk about straight away the market share in Delhi NCR, we are at 28% and 
Asian Paints would be about 40%. 
Kunal Tokas: 
And what would -- and has this grown very strongly recently, Asian Paints market share or, 
say, in the last 4 to 5 years? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
No. In last year -- in last 6 years, they launched similar kind of product range in year 2016, late 
'17. And immediately after a year, they are more or less at the same market share. As I 
mentioned to you, the main reason is their vast distribution network and their primary billing. 
So that's why. 
Kunal Tokas: 
Okay. So in the -- so they launched did in 2017 and since then, they have grown to 42%? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
Yes, they have been more or less a same market share since beginning. So it's not that they 
have grown gradually, or they are increasing their market share. Yes. 
Kunal Tokas: 
Okay. Okay, sir. And any updates on the -- on any acquisitions that you were scouting for in 
South India? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
Yes. So still, it's taking more time than normal at the nonbinding stage. So hopefully, within 
this financial year, we should be out with our second -- regarding the second acquisition, 
which is planned to be brand from South. 
Kunal Tokas: 
Okay. And we had been -- you also mentioned that there was some pressure on the general PU 
side. Is there also some pricing pressure on the acrylic PU side? And how has been the offtake 
of acrylic PU, the performance? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
So the acrylic PU products have performed excellent in the quarter 2 and a lot of quality 
furniture manufacturers, including the high-quality residential side being done by architects 
has used and moved to acrylic polyurethane products instead of polyurethane, which are in 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sirca Paints India Limited 
 
 
November18, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
better quality. And very low on VOC. So there, the competition is still very -- at very prime at 
very initial level. So we are dominating the position and dominating the price with high 
margins. 
 
And in the coming years, also for next couple of years, we don't see very strong competition 
coming in and the focus of the new entrants or the key player still remains to polyurethane, 
which is where the numbers are increasing, but it's becoming more as a primary and a 
commodity product. Though with the expertise of Sirca Italy, we are able to compete there 
very strongly with our world-class manufacturing facility, which is 80% automated. 
 
And due to the muted demand or you can say, demand less than what we expecting in the 
quarter 2 have aggregated and triggered this increased team outflows. But fortunately and 
positively for the whole sector, most of the companies have already taken the price correction 
and the RM situation is back to normal. So we are seeing that even in the polyurethane, we 
will be able to recover those gross margins, and the second half can perform much better and 
contribute to the whole year EBITDA to come in our range. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Samir Shah from Paras Investments. 
Samir Shah: 
So last con call, we had guided for a minimum of 40% growth for this financial year in terms 
of revenue and with EBITDA margins of 22%, 23%. But it seems we are not close to that. So 
would you like to revise our guidance for this year? Or still we can achieve this 40% growth? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
See -- yes, quarter 2 including quarter 1, which was because of the extended summer and 
labour problem in quarter 2 because of the extended monsoons -- August and September, the 
demand from the real estate and the home furnishing side went really down and it was quite a 
muted demand in both the quarters have -- had led to a lesser percentage of growth in revenues 
than what we expected. 
Though compared to the industry, we moved a little better, thanks to the new addition of the 
brand and thanks to the acrylic range of products, where we are still dominating the market 
with very less competition, which helped us to achieve the numbers, which are much with a 
quite or much better than the industry results. 
 
But going forward, the second half, in any case, with our ground results are expected to be 
better in terms of the demand. The projects should open up and we are keeping our finger 
crossed that if the later chunk of the second half performed well. And with the better 
distribution network and acrylic products picking up, which are high value. 
We should be able, or we should be very close to achieve the number that we quoted in our last 
-- in revenue calls and in last investor call. And so we are hoping, and we are quite positive 
that we should reach to those numbers. 
Samir Shah: 
And the EBITDA margins of 22%, 23% for the whole year? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
So currently, we have taken a price hike, and which has been done across the sector. Along 
with that, we'll have also a better condition related to the raw material. But considering our 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sirca Paints India Limited 
 
 
November18, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
acquisition of Welcome where the revenue, we have increased revenues at a gross margins, 
which are a little less than our gross margins of Sirca products. We are expecting that the 
EBITDA should stand -- the whole year EBITDA should stand around or between 20% to 
21%. 
Samir Shah: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, what is our EBITDA margin on Welcome brand? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
EBITDA here is coming out to be about 15%. 
Samir Shah: 
Okay. Okay. And last year, I think we had done a revenue of INR50 crores for Welcome brand 
and somewhere we were targeting close to INR100 crores for this year. And whereas this 
quarter, we have done only INR11 crores. So how much -- I mean, what can we expect for this 
year for Welcome brand? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
So yes, last financial year, they did a sale of about INR48 crores, considering our full year sale 
-- for this year, we are eyeing, and we are eyeing a revenue close to INR60 crores. So as the 
markets behave quite mutedly for the mass product range, especially as seen in the results and 
as seen in the area of competition as well. Welcome also faced a little tough time related 
because of the extended monsoons. 
 
So the range of the product under the brand Welcome is quite complement where the demand 
goes down during the monsoon where the mass polish and hand-polish product takes place. So 
that's why the Q2 where we were expecting anything about 14% to 15% went down by 30% 
according to our original expectation. 
But with the beginning of the second half of the year, the things are turning out to be positive. 
And by the year-end, we should -- we plan that it should -- at a year average, it should end 
about INR60 crores. 
Samir Shah: 
60? 6,0? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Samir Shah: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, out of the total revenue for this quarter, how much is in exports? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
Currently, export is negligible. We are majorly exporting about 20 lakh a month in Nepal and a 
single customer in Sri Lanka. Though recently, we have exported a single container also to 
Russia as on the trial basis, and we are waiting from Sirca Italy and the customer. The full 
report as Sirca Italy quite cautious when it comes to the quality, so they want to be 100% sure 
with the long-term testing of the products in the other markets, which moves out to India. 
 
So that process according to the QC structure of Sirca Italy is taking a little more time. But 
yes, going forward, we are expecting that our share in the export should increase also rapidly 
in next 1 year horizon. 
Samir Shah: 
Yes, because I think in last call, you were too bullish on export front and 20 lakh a month is 
too less for you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sirca Paints India Limited 
 
 
November18, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
The 20 is only Nepal. And the same, more or less 20 is happening in Sri Lanka, only 1 
customer, though the bigger chunk of export that I mentioned in the last fall had to come from 
UAE and other nations where we are entering into through Sirca Italy, but the first container -- 
the sample consignments with Estonia and 1 full container to Russia happened a couple of 
months ago. 
 
But yes, the real numbers are yet to come, as I told you that Sirca would take a little more time 
evaluating the products going out from India to their distributors in Russia, Estonia and other 
South Asia Pacific regions. And once they are done with the long-term testing of the product, 
yes, then the outflow should increase. 
Samir Shah: 
Okay. And sir, my final question, in terms of decorative segment, how much we can expect for 
this year in terms of revenue? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
The decorative, we are not eyeing more than about INR36 crores, INR37 crores revenue. So 
last year was about INR25 crores, INR26 crores. This year, INR35 crores, INR36 crores. The 
main focus of the company remains on the wood coating product, the decorative range of 
products and high margin range of products from Oikos, especially Oikos are growing, but the 
rest of the economical decorative segment. 
Which is an area which is getting very competitive, the company is using these products as the 
strategic catalyst and tool to enter -- or to enter the newer territories in South and to enter the 
newer dealer network in northern part of India and still finally our wood coating product. 
Samir Shah: 
Okay. So what is the reason we are reducing our target for decorative segment? Because if I'm 
not wrong, last call, you mentioned from INR24 crores, we are eyeing around INR60 crores 
for this year in the Decorative segment? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
See, quarter -- as we have seen in the first half of the financial year, the Decorative segment, 
especially after the arrival of the new players, the new entrant have actually -- the market 
scenario has changed and in quarter 2, the -- especially the margins in the Decorative segment 
have seen a massive downfall of about 30% to 40% even in the products like OBD where the 
realization is just INR30 a kg or litre. 
So considering that the company is focusing more on the higher margin of products to push 
Oikos and using the economical regions of decorative, which was 24 -- about 24 last year and 
this year, expecting to be 36, only where it requires to enter the market where you need range 
of wall paint to sell your wood coating products. 
 
But considering our whole year, we are expecting a decent jump from the acrylic and ranges of 
products, which is moving much, much better and much -- much better in the -- in terms of 
number than what we expected at the initial year. So this high price war and reduced margins 
at the mass decorative level of the products are -- we are more keen towards using it more at 
tools. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Gupta from Fair Value Capital. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sirca Paints India Limited 
 
 
November18, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Bharat Gupta: 
I have a couple of questions. So first, like in terms of getting out the distribution license from 
the parent company for the UAE market. So I hope you mentioned in the previous calls and 
also in your remarks part, it is taking a bit amount of time. But any timelines, which has been 
communicated to us? And what can be an estimated market size if I look about with respect to 
both Russia and with respect to UAE? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
So yes, sir, as I mentioned that in the beginning of the quarter to the products moved out to a 
couple of locations in Russia, Estonia and UAE even Russia a full container as a trial basis. So 
as to a certain range of countries, this was our force export, it took a little more time to get 
approvals as being a flammable product, which was a onetime job. 
And then as per Sirca Italy norms, they would not bypass the process of long-term testing 
means the product being used at a different area being tested for a longer term seeing that if 
there is no product complaints or product issues related to cracking or drying in the longer 
term once the material is applied even after 6 months there is no problem. 
 
So their tax related to the long-term QC is at least 6 months where the product is exposed to 
the nature to where Russia the temperature is going very down, UAE going much high. So 
they would do a long-term testing of at least 6 months. 
 
So we are expecting by the year-end, we should be able to get much more clarity from Sirca 
about their long-term testing of the products exported from the Indian facility to their old 
distributors in these South Asia Pacific countries. 
 
The revenue generation, which can happen, especially from Russia and the Asia Pacific is 
estimated to be about -- conservatively about EUR20 million, which was actually the sale of 
Sirca there about 3, 4 years ago when the market was quite aggressive buying from Europe, 
which lately has turned out to be difficult. 
But yes, EUR20 million is at least that -- that can start from 2 to 3 nations that I'm talking 
about. 
Bharat Gupta: 
So for us, it will be somewhere close to $5 million with respect to Russia? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
EUR20 million is -- I am talking about 3, 4 countries UAE, Estonia, Russia, where Russia 
plays the most important role because of the global situation. Sirca was able to sell through 
Belarus earlier, but now the situation is worse. So yes, EUR20 million is about $23 million. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Right. So that will be a target market size for us with respect to start... 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
To start -- yes. To start with. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Okay. In regarded like what kind of capex are we planning like, I know that clarity is missing, 
but in terms of like what kind of capex would be required for reaching out to these kind of 
revenue numbers? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sirca Paints India Limited 
 
 
November18, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
See, currently, our facility is working at about a 60% capacity utilization once the products, 
which were earlier being imported now being manufactured here has ramped up and by the end 
of year, we are expecting it to reach about 75%. 
 
So still in single shifts, we can use currently initially immediately the facility to cater to the 
export needs also. But going forward, we are a company -- once get a full nod for the export 
would be setting up a facility in Gujarat, Dahej with a capex of about INR20 crores to INR25-
odd crores. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Correct. So secondly, coming on the domestic space, so NCR and particularly Delhi, which 
has been witnessing pollution issues with Kraft being implemented. So there has been a ban on 
the construction activity. So in your like assessment, how do you read the second half for us? 
And what steps are we trying in order to diversify our reach? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
So yes, unfortunately, the climatic conditions have forced the government to implement, which 
has put a ban on the construction activity. So quarter 3, obviously, is planned to be impacted 
and the company is strongly working on the new OEM clientele and the clients in Western 
South Retail to cover up the loss of revenues, which will happen from our main region Delhi 
NCR, though in the beginning of the quarter, we expected the band to be for shorter duration. 
But unfortunately, it's just ticked up, and we're expecting another 15, 20 days in the quarter 3 
to be under the ban.But the same loss of revenue, the company is strongly trying to cover up 
from the newer segment of the OEM, where the work will continue to happen and from the 
enhanced south and west retail network. And especially, we are anticipating a much better Q4, 
which will -- we should cover up for the quarter 3. 
So the second half in total should come back to our expectations of the percentage of the 
revenue growth and should also cover up for our margins. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Because I think with respect to 40% kind of a run rent, I think it will be a steep increase. If I 
look at the H2 numbers, so we need to do more than INR250 crores of revenue overall. And 
with respect to OEMs also, the margin profile, how it varies between the B2C side versus the 
OEM side? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
See, the final margins that company gets is more or less the same from OEM and retail 
network. In the OEM, we have the final thought price to the customer. But through the retailer, 
we have prices after which we have a lot of aggressive contractors and architects and dealer 
schemes. So the final price or the final realization to the company contribute same margin 
maybe from or the retail dealer? 
Bharat Gupta: 
And you mentioned that there has been a good amount of hikes which have been taken in the 
month of October. So can you just quantify a bit? And also like what kind of pricing hike has 
been taken by the industry overall. 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
So if we talk about the wood coating, wood -- the wood coating side, the coating side on the 
decorative side, the average increase in the market has been about 5% to 7%, especially if we 
talk about the giant companies. Our price increase and average increase has been about 3.5%. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sirca Paints India Limited 
 
 
November18, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Bharat Gupta: 
Right. And that is across OEM side as well? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
So there has been immunity to certain key customers where we have a year deal of targets. But 
besides that, it has been -- that has been done for our all-customer base. 
Bharat Gupta: 
All right. Also in regard to the working capital. So I think inventory has jumped up a bit during 
the quarter. I know it's been a muted one. But overall, how do you look at the working capital 
scenario particularly since we are manufacturing it in-house. So where do you see -- because 
previously with respect to the value added and with respect to PU, it was getting out imported, 
and there was a lot of inventory which was booked. So currently, how the scenario has 
changed for us? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
So the final -- the whole correction will take another 4 months. In another 4 months, we will be 
at much, much, much better -- at a much better place related to the stock position, inventory 
position and the local production started in late April in full swing after the final nod of Sirca 
Italy related to quality. And during that time, the local production also began, and we started to 
liquidate the rest of the inventories that we had from Italy. 
 
So slowly and steadily, the step happened. In the beginning of Q2, our revenue projections 
were much higher than what happened, especially when the demand got down in August and 
September, but our planning related to RM and FG were a little on the higher side. So that has 
actually resulted in increased inventories, which shows on the paper currently. 
But in the next 4 months, we will be in a much better position because against the top 10 
products will be here and the whole imported stock will be out, where we will be working at a 
30 days inventory. And yes, it should get better.And currently, the import side, we expected 
the situation to get much better, but again, due to the problem at sea level at Red Sea because 
of the Iran-Israel thing. 
Again, the time of getting the high-value products, which we are still importing from Italy has 
again increased from 2 to 3 months. So another increase of 30 days. So the import products 
have to be kept again a little more considering this disturbance, which are not ending.So -- but 
besides this, considering the increased import time, but the reduction in the products that been 
manufactured here. 
We should be at a better -- much better position in next 4 months. So 4 months, it will take to 
show a complete effect. 
Bharat Gupta: 
All right. And you mentioned like overall, the sales for the wood panel has remained at near 
about INR90-odd crores. So -- just a bifurcation of it, how much would have come in from the 
acrylic in the water or little PU side? And how much would have been coming from the 
commodity side? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
So more or less INR95 crores was our core wood coatings sales. Out of it, 60% was 
contributed again by the primary polyurethane products, the clear and the white where we have 
seen mark competition among the base coats, especially the base coat, but the margin side in 
the colour segmented products, which are used on the wardrobe and the kitchen saw a decent 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sirca Paints India Limited 
 
 
November18, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
margin also and also the sales number was quite high. And the rest 40% were the acrylic and 
water bond, which was about 25% contribution last year as we talk about in H1. This year was 
about 40%. 
Bharat Gupta: 
And in terms of value, primary one. So with the entry of Birla also coming in focus, Asian 
Paints getting more aggressive. So have we seen any kind of erosion in our market share in this 
particular domain? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
See, in this particular domain, we have not seen a conversion of our brand happening to the 
new entrants or the AP. But currently, the focus of -- and the major competition remains at the 
decorative side, whereas our focus and our main contribution is wood coating side. So 
fortunately, from a year or 2 years now, we see more competition or competition getting more 
aggressive at the decorative level where the smaller players are facing more heat. 
 
But when it comes to a wood coating product, which is a specialized product, where, along 
with PU, you have a acrylic, waterborne and a huge range of products. Still, we are much more 
confident and much more optimistic and positive that we should be able to secure our market 
share and increase with the better market conditions. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Just a last question from my side. So when we talk about the inorganic acquisition, so will it 
remain towards the wood coating side, or it can be a different segment? Though in the paint 
industry, but it will be an extreme segment, which we are targeting. 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
So no, it will be in the coating side. Currently, Sirca is focusing on the coatings, which is 
related to wood. Now, along with the wood, in the furniture industry, kitchen industry, water 
industry, metal is also becoming an integral part of the furniture, where the use of metals, 
which was confined to only the legs of chair now is increasing in the other furniture products 
and wardrobe and kitchen products also. So we are possibly eyeing an acquisition where the 
expertise -- product expertise is towards the metal side. 
Bharat Gupta: 
All right. And any like kind of -- you can say, any kind of a budgeting which we have done 
with respect to the acquisitions, like how much -- what kind of capex or money flow will be 
spending over there? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
See, we are for sure eyeing some price and price effective acquisitions where we get a decent 
ROI. But yes, we are capping our acquisition in the range of about INR100 crores, not more 
than that. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of V.P. Rajesh from Banyan Capital Advisors. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Just 2 questions. One was regarding the competitive landscape. You mentioned Asia Paints, 
can you also talk about the other players who are perhaps larger than we are? And what are 
their market shares? And what kind of competitive intensity you're facing, given what's going 
on in the decorative side? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
So other players currently -- our immediate competitors stand ICA Pidilite, which will be 20% 
more in terms of revenue. Besides these other key players, the wood coating business, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sirca Paints India Limited 
 
 
November18, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
especially the high-quality wood coating business is still less than us. So their interest and their 
focus in this area is increasing, but still we are considered to be the third largest player when it 
comes to the pure, high-quality wood coatings, which is the 2:1 PU. 
 
The competitive space is getting more -- the space -- the total paint space is getting 
competitive day by day, but the competition is seems much more aggressive in the wall side, 
decorative side, though fortunately for us, the current focus is more all with the new entrant. 
But at the end of the day, it will happen as the polyurethane coating side also. 
But fortunately for us, with the support of our parent company, Sirca Italy the company has 
changed gears and increased our activity and promotion of acrylic ranges of products where 
the average realization is double than PU.So with the half quantity, we do a double -- half 
quantity, we do a same revenue of polyurethane, which is gaining traction in the market -- in 
the high-quality market besides this. 
 
In the PU side with the expertise of Sirca using the historical formulations being present in the 
wood coating and the polyurethane since 1973. We are using their expertise to manage quite 
effectively our COGs considering -- so that we can cater to the pricing war, it still has to 
happen.So we consider ourselves quite competitive to that space also maintaining our gross 
margins with our new Indian facility. 
 
So when it comes to wood coating, we are 100% sure that we will be able to cater to the 
increasing competition, which is still more towards the decorative side where we contribute 
only a 3% of our total revenue. But on the wood coating side, we still believe we have a 
stronger opportunity to grow where we will be able to save our market share and also grow 
much better when the market conditions improve. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Understood. And my other question was, why would the parent company not directly exposed 
to Australia or Middle East, given the logistics costs involved. So it's like I would think that 
the cost will be higher from sending products from India to Estonia, for example? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
See, even after considering the logistics cost to Estonia, the cost of production is -- the final 
cost of the product is seeing a big time difference, a lot of key raw material suppliers like 
Covestro, BYK are now setting up the facilities and making India as a hub for Asia Pacific, 
where the cost of goods produced in India is seeing a very downside in Estonia is moving 
towards exports from Turkey or maybe other countries near UAE. 
 
So considering the total fact, even after a higher cost of freight from India to Estonia compared 
to Italy to Estonia, we are finding out -- we are finally coming out to be much more 
competitive. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dishant Jain from Quasar Capital. 
Dishant Jain: 
I just wanted to get a clarification on the capex amount. So sir, you've spent around INR22 
crores in the first half of the financial year, which is more than the last year whole combined. 
So can you just help us in understanding where we have spent on the new plant or on new 
product? Can you just help us? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sirca Paints India Limited 
 
 
November18, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
Sorry, sorry, I skipped a couple of words. So can you repeat the question? You need the clarity 
on what side? 
Dishant Jain: 
So what's -- like are we spending on -- like, are we doing the capex for the new products or for 
the new plants because we have spent around INR22 crores in this financial year, 6 months, 
which is more than what we have spent in the last full year. 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
No, that is spent for the acquisition of the brand Welcome. 
Dishant Jain: 
Okay. 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
Yes. We have not done any other new capex as of now. Once after the positive note from Sirca 
Italy, we will be doing a new capex of about INR20-odd crores in the Gujarat to set up a new 
facility to produce another 16,000 tons a year, which can generate a revenue of economic 
polyurethane products of about INR400 crores. But besides this, we have not done any capex, 
except the acquisition of the brand Welcome that we did at a very attractive valuation. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manan Poladia from MKP Securities. 
Manan Poladia: 
Sir, I have just one question. If within the INR96 crores, you could call out, what chunk of that 
is acrylic to you and what chuck of that is regular economic to you? I think that would be 
great. That's all I want to ask. 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
So out of INR96 crores, the contribution from the regular polyurethane products clear and 
pigmented, especially where the pigmented side saw a real jump was about 60% and the 40% 
was coming from the acrylic range of products. Unfortunately, considering that acrylic is 
coming from Italy and the timeline has increased, we also saw some products getting out of 
stock. But yes, the current contribution percentage was about 60-40. 
Manan Poladia: 
Okay. And could you call out the margin differential between the 2 of these? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
So gross margins of acrylic products. Finally, the net margins that company get is about 10% -
- 10% to 12% more than polyurethane. Though in the quarter 2, the polyurethane sales much 
better scheme. So acrylic was running at the prices level, the polyurethane was running at a 
discount of about -- additional INR30, INR40 per litre. But if we talk about in the current 
scenario, yes, there is a better gross margin of about 10% to 12% in the acrylic product. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Samir Shah from Paras Investments. 
Samir Shah: 
Sir, to one of the previous participants, I think you mentioned EUR20 million is what we can 
do in exports in next 2, 3 years? I'm sorry, I didn't understand. 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
Yes. To start with about EUR20 million sales is what we see at the beginning level. 
Samir Shah: 
And what in next 2, 3 years? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
So if we get the nod Sirca Italy in -- yes, in less than a couple of years. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sirca Paints India Limited 
 
 
November18, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Samir Shah: 
Okay. Because that comes to around INR150 crores, INR160 crores. So that's a significant 
jump... 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
Sirca Italy has alone for them, Russia was a market of about 9 million. UAE was a market of 6 
million. Another 3 million was coming from Saudi and North GCC states like Qatar, 3 million, 
4 million was coming from Estonia. So altogether, 5, 6 states were contributing about 32 
million. To begin with where Sirca is not able to meet the customer demand of pricing and 
logistics because of the global unrest. 
20 million is what we see immediate to happen, subject to approval of the products that have 
moved out from here, in their long-term testing. 
Samir Shah: 
But then do we have the capacity right now to have this much of sales? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
AsI mentioned that our current capacity of 16,000 tons a year is running at about 50%, 55%, 
which is expected to be -- to reach that 70%, 75% for Indian demand usage by the end of the 
year in single shift, the plant still can run at 1.5 shift not more than that. And to begin with, 
until the new facility is completely set up, it will take about 8 to 10 months from the day we 
start putting up the projects. 
The current facility should be able to -- able to meet the demand of the export for at least 10 
months until the new facility is on its feet. 
Samir Shah: 
Okay. And sir, almost 2 months for this quarter is already passed. And as you said, we had 
around 15 days of loss of revenue due to ban in North. So do you see Q3 similar to Q2? Or do 
we see a degrowth in Q3? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
See, historically, always Q3 has been a little down compared to Q2 and Q4 has been more or 
less the same or better than Q2. So considering the fact that we have taken certain measures 
where we will be able to -- we will be able to take care of the revenue loss because of the ban, 
which is set to happen in the next few days from the other clientele being added, especially at 
the OEM level and the south level. But overall, as we talk about the -- considering the 
historical data and how the market is, the Q3 revenues are a little lower than Q2 always. 
Samir Shah: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, my final question. You just mentioned we can -- we have a capex of 
INR20 crores to INR25 crores for the new capacity. And in that, the peak revenue we can go 
up to INR400 crores in that capacity. 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
Yes. With INR20 crores to INR25 crores capex, we will be generating a similar kind of the 
capacity, about 16,000 tons a year. And with the -- with the focus to sell only the economical 
ranges of polyurethane product, we should be able to generate a revenue of about INR380 
crores to INR400 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Tokas from Fair Value Capital. 
Kunal Tokas: 
Okay. I just wanted to confirm 2 things. First is what sort of products will you be exporting? I 
assume it is not acrylic, PU, but the normal economical PU. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sirca Paints India Limited 
 
 
November18, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
Yes, it will be the economical PU, which is becoming a mass commodity product. 
Kunal Tokas: 
And so it is for this product that you will be taking up the Gujarat facility? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Kunal Tokas: 
And the last thing I wanted to confirm was that Sirca India has been chosen to export because 
no other vendors in nearby region could meet that demand. And because after all cost 
considerations, you were still most competitive? 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
Yes, because considering the cost of production we have in India, considering the newer 
chemical players from Germany and Italy are choosing India as a hub for their manufacturing 
facility has initiated this path in whole Europe of making India as a hub because of the 
different advantages related to final reduction in the cost of production and compete with 
countries like Turkey and UAE, which are becoming -- or China, which are becoming very 
aggressive in the manufacturing. So that is why they have chosen India for their future growth. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Apoorv Agarwal for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Apoorv Agarwal: 
Thank you. So once again, I would like to thank you each and every one of you for joining this 
call today. And again, I would like to mention that we value the trust you have placed in us as 
investors and partners. And I would like to comment again that we are committed to deliver 
results going forward and create high value for all our stakeholders. So thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Sirca Paints, that concludes this 
conference. We thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
