 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: October 27, 2024  
 
  Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call held on October 22, 2024. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached the Transcript of Earnings Call held on October 22, 
2024 to discuss the performance for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024 
and 
the 
same 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://www.aurumproptech.in/investor/financial-information/quarterly-earnings. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
  
Thanking you. 
 
For Aurum PropTech Limited                                    
 
 
 
 Sonia Jain                                                                      
 Company Secretary &                                                   
 Compliance Officer 
 
 
To, 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai-400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 539289 
 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
 
Bandra East 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: AURUM 
Sonia 
Hitesh Jain
Digitally signed by 
Sonia Hitesh Jain 
Date: 2024.10.27 
16:16:43 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
“Aurum PropTech Limited 
H1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 22, 2024 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHISH DEORA: FOUNDER AND CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, AURUM VENTURES 
MR. ONKAR SHETYE: EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED 
MR. HIREN LADVA: EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, 
INVESTMENTS, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED 
  MS. VANESSA FERNANDES, INVESTOR RELATIONS,
AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED 
DURATION: 00:56:01 MINUTES 
PRESENTATION LINK: H1 FY2025 INVESTOR PRESENTATION 
MEETING VIDEO: H1 FY2025 EARNINGS CALL 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the H1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. As 
a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Vanessa Fernandes. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Vanessa Fernandes: 
Thank you, Sagar. Good evening, everyone, and a warm welcome to the Q2 FY 2025 Earnings 
Call of Aurum PropTech Limited. Joining us on the call today, we have Mr. Ashish Deora, the 
Founder and CEO of Aurum Ventures; Mr. Onkar Shetye, Executive Director, Aurum PropTech; 
Mr. Kunal Karan, CFO, Aurum PropTech, and Mr. Hiren Ladva, EVP Investments. Today, we 
shall take you through our quarterly and half yearly performance for the period ended September 
2024, as well as our future outlook. 
 
Before we proceed, I would like to remind everyone that the forward-looking statements we may 
discuss are subject to risks and uncertainties that are detailed in our prospectus and the annual 
report. We encourage you to review these documents, which are available on our website to fully 
understand the risks associated with any future projections or statements. 
 
We shall now start the call with Mr. Ashish Deora. 
Ashish Deora: 
Thank you, Vanessa. Good evening, everyone. It's my pleasure to welcome you to the 14th 
earnings call of Aurum PropTech. I'm excited to update you on the progress we have made in 
Q2 FY 2025, marking another significant step in our journey towards building a robust and 
Integrated PropTech Ecosystem. 
 
In our fourth year of this venture, I'm proud to share how our ecosystem has evolved. We have 
the right product fit, a balanced blend of professional expertise and entrepreneurial energy, and 
a suitable capital structure, all anchored by Aurums’ commitment to profitable growth and strong 
unit economics. During today's call, as we review our progress for H1 FY 2025, I would like to 
highlight five key achievements that we are building upon. 
 
First, in our Rental vertical, we are consolidating our market dominance with each passing 
quarter. We now manage 32,000 rental units and are on track to exceed 50,000 rental units by 
FY2026. We are also projecting that our Co-living business will generate INR 500 crores, I 
repeat INR 500 crores in ARR by FY2028. We are committed to allocating the necessary capital 
to our co-living business over the next 3 years. The proceeds from our planned rights issue and 
the monetization of buildings Q5 and Q6 will be utilized for this growth capital. Within the 
Rental vertical, NestAway is also on a growth path with its unit economics under control. We 
are now confident in setting bolder targets to achieve INR 100 crores in revenue from NestAway. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
Second, regarding our distribution vertical, I'm pleased to share that we successfully 
undertook the realignment of our distribution business, and we have now sharpened our focus 
on tech. Sell.do continues to be the leading real estate CRM in India, and we are actively working 
with the management team to explore international expansion. Our lead generation business has 
grown exponentially over the last 2 years and has reached an ARR of INR 41 crores. We have 
set a target of ARR of INR 100 crores for our lead generation business, Aurum Analytica. We 
believe that it is now our responsibility to scale the distribution business in a manner similar to 
how we have successfully scaled our rental operations. 
 
Third, moving on to our capital vertical. We are excited about our initiative to become an 
SM-REIT. We once again applaud SEBI for this initiative, which we believe will create a very 
significant asset class and provide investment opportunities in real estate for retail investors. We 
are gearing up to launch our first asset in the next 2 to 3 quarters. Our robust tech stack developed 
for this segment and our in-house expertise in real estate leasing and management can compound 
the returns in this business. 
 
Fourth, I would like to share our thoughts on our acquisition strategy. In the period of 24 
months from July 2021 to June 2023, we completed seven acquisitions. Post the acquisition of 
NestAway in June 2023, we committed to deepening unit economics and ensuring NestAway is 
profitable. Since both these objectives are now met, we see the opportunity to make 1 or 2 
acquisitions that are highly complementary to our businesses. I need not emphasize that we will 
continue to adopt an extremely conservative approach to valuations, as demonstrated in our 
previous seven acquisitions. 
 
Finally, as a fifth highlight, I'd like to emphasize our unwavering focus on profitable 
growth and unit economics. This commitment has become our mantra for our diverse 
businesses, allowing us to consistently exceed our revenue and profitability projections. I'm 
thrilled to share that our ESOP adjusted EBITDA improved from -5.9% last quarter, once again 
to -4.1% this quarter. Our target to achieve profitability by FY26-27 appears well within reach. 
 
To conclude, as we progress during this year, we'll further intensify our focus on leveraging data 
to enhance the value Aurum PropTech delivers to its key stakeholders, including homebuyers, 
developers, tenants, investors and channel partners. Our commitment remains centered on 
deepening our integrated ecosystem, ensuring continuous improvement in unit economics and 
driving profitable growth across our three verticals. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Onkar. Wishing all our participants a prosperous Diwali and a 
successful year ahead. Thank you very much. 
Onkar Shetye: 
Thank you, Mr. Deora. Long-term rental demand stays robust, with urban influx changing real 
estate consumption patterns of Gen Z and millennials. There is a demand for INR 2 crores rental 
units in co-living and family rentals, across student living, young professionals and young 
families in openings. Driven by need for enterprise efficiency and consumer experience, real 
estate distribution presents an INR 34,000 crores opportunity across Data Analytics, Sales 
Automation, Transaction Management and Customer Relationship Management. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
 
In capital, a series of destructive regulations and reforms paved the way to unlock the INR 32 
crores square feet SM-REIT able commercial invested stock in India for rapid transformation 
and participation of institutional investors, family offices and H&Is in India's property sector. 
To bring more focus on these three macro sector opportunities, we have aligned our proptech 
business into 3 segments: rental distribution and capital. 
 
Rental business segment, offering C2C and B2C marketplace business models, demonstrated 
33% revenue growth, which was measuredly driven by expansion in rental offerings and 
improved wallet shares. The Co-living business added new -- exciting new cities, Ahmedabad 
and Goa; increased the number of properties and launched short stays, contributing to higher 
revenue growth. 
 
The Family Rental business added more revenue streams with NestAway Lite and managed 
services through -- thus increasing customer base and wallet share. In the upcoming quarters, 
our Co-living business will continue strategic supply acquisition in high-demand areas across 
top performing cities, continuing its demand-based strategy. NestAway, the family rental 
business, will launch residential resale business, leveraging its relationships in rental property 
owners, unlocking a large sector TAM. 
 
The Distribution segment contributed largely from the enterprise tax suite offerings, contributing 
29% to the revenue mix. We saw an 18% year-on-year growth in income, driven by increased 
account base and account penetration. 
Also, the addition of new locations has yielded outstanding results to the Data Analytics 
business. The realignment of Sales Automation business brought more focus on technology, 
scale and improved profitability. In the upcoming quarters, Aurum Analytica shall launch 
Lucknow, and Sell Do shall launch the broker apps CRM and chatbots along with it. 
Capital business segment commenced transformation through the structural ownership business 
model. We started consultation with SEBI and applied for SM-REIT license in August '24. In 
the upcoming quarters, we intend to conclude our consolidation procedure with SEBI and launch 
our first assembly property under the new licensing framework. 
I will now hand over to my colleague, Kunal Karan, to take us through the financial performance. 
Kunal Karan: 
Thank you, Onkar. Thank you, everyone, for taking out time to join us on this call today. I will 
take you through the consolidated results in brief. The revenue from operations for the quarter 
was INR 64 crores as compared to INR 64.9 crores in the previous quarter. The total income 
was INR 67.6 crores as compared to INR 69.1 crores in the previous quarter. The loss before tax 
for the quarter was at INR 12.1 crores compared to INR13.8 crores in the previous quarter, an 
improvement of 200 bps in terms of PBT to total income. 
The EBITDA was 21.5% in the current quarter compared to 17.4% in the previous quarter, 
improvement of 410 bps. Now the results as compared to the corresponding quarter previous 
year. The revenue from operations grew by 21.2% from INR 52.82 crores. The total income for 
the quarter grew by 18% from INR 57.3 crores. The loss before tax for the quarter improved by 
3,160 bps in terms of PBT to total income. EBITDA improved by 2,650 bps. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
The results for 6 months ended September 30, 2024. Revenue from operations was INR 128.9 
crores compared to INR 96.9 crores in the half year of the previous year, a year-on-year growth 
of 33%. The total income was INR 136.7 crores compared to INR 105.2 crores, 30% year-on-
year growth. The loss before tax was INR 25.8 crores, that is 18.9% of the total income, as 
compared to INR 47.3 crores that is 44.9% of the total income, improvement of 2,600 bps. The 
EBITDA was 19.5%, an improvement of 2050 bps year-on-year. 
Now on the balance sheet. The total assets of the company as on September 30, 2024, was at 
INR 624.6 crores, and equity applicable to the equity holders was INR 284.2 crores. Total 
borrowings INR 65.6 crores compared to INR 193.9 crores as on March 31, 2024. The cash and 
cash equivalent was INR 14 crores as compared to INR 7 crores as on March 31, 2024. 
The segments. During the quarter, the company has reported segment information under new 
segments.  
‘Rental’ operations comprised of activities of the company derives revenue from customer for 
services offered to comprehensive technology base solutions standard for rentals, property 
owners and property managers.  
‘Distribution’ operations comprised of activities where company derives revenue from 
customers for Data Analytics, Marketing and Sales Automation offerings, and licensing of the 
CRM products. 
‘Capital’ operations comprise of activities where the company derives revenue from customers 
for the management of investments through technology-based platforms. All the previous 
periods and years figures have been reclassified as per the new segments.  
Segment revenue for the quarter. Rental revenue contributed 68% of the total revenue from 
operations at INR 43.2 crores. 
Distribution on the capital segment were at INR 16.8 crores and INR 4 crores, respectively. The 
segment results, Rental and Capital segment had a loss of INR 1.2 crores and INR 2.5 crores, 
respectively; while the distribution segment made a profit of INR 1.3 crores during the previous 
quarter. 
I'll now hand over the call to Sagar to take it forward. 
Moderator: 
Our first question is from the line of Vinay Gupta from Previse Wealth. 
Vinay Gupta: 
I just want to check what is the rationale for yesterday's transaction which was given to the Stock 
Exchanges with respect to WiseX Technologies? 
Management: 
Look, WiseX Techno was created as an SPV. So, the purpose of that SPV was to acquire that 
property in Pune for the fractional ownership business. So, we just hold equity of one lakh shares 
and the investors actually own the property. So, the time the investors came in, we are holding 
the property now the investors have invested in that company. And now it is the benefit and 
reward of that property goes to the investors of WiseX. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Ashish Deora: 
Also, Vinay this is Ashish here. The SM-REIT that we have applied for, asks you to migrate all 
the other fractional ownership assets. And in this case, there is now no fractional ownership asset 
of Pune in the company which has applied for the license. 
Vinay Gupta: 
So the second question is, previously in your previous con-calls, you had indicated that the 
growth that the company is aspiring is upwards of 40%, 50%. While if we see the first half itself, 
the growth has been about 30%, 35%. So, can you underline that, are we expecting a very strong 
second half of the year? Or is it because there is some slowdown in the economy due to which 
we have not really been able to grow to our targeted levels? 
Onkar Shetye: 
This is Onkar here. I’ll quickly answer your question in two parts. One is while our growth 
targets are at 45%, typically, the sector is such that it picks up in the second half of the year, 
versus H2, both in the rental and the distribution side from revenue contributions as well. Second 
is that,  in Q2 we have executed one key corporate action which brings focus on technology and 
scale in the distribution vertical where we have exited or we have led on a specific services or a 
services offering of the business. 
If we had retained the services arm or services offering on the business, this quarter and 
effectively the total income would have an additional INR 9 crores contribution from the services 
arm. Effectively, we would have grown at a 10% quarter-on-quarter growth over the last quarter 
to the next quarter. But what we have done is to make sure that we are able to focus on scale, we 
are able to improve profitability, we are able to have better cash flow management and only 
retain businesses that are core in tech and scale, we have taken this corporate action. 
While the revenues were at INR 9 crores for the quarter, we've been able to improve our net 
margins in the distribution business from 9%  to 7%, which otherwise within the services arm 
would have been at a -9%. and effectively, it has contributed to an overall consolidated positive 
outcome. 
Vinay Gupta: 
So you're saying that we let go of revenues of about INR 9 crores so as to have a positive 
contribution margin because this INR 9 crores was essentially sort of a business which was not 
going to give us better margins? Is my understanding correct? 
Ashish Deora: 
Yes. Your understanding is correct. Also, we realized that, that business was not scalable and 
was a business that required a lot of cash flow, was also a business which we thought was not 
tech heavy, whereas we want to run businesses which are led by tech. And that is why we have 
that business. And that has improved the revenue by INR 9 crores. 
Vinay Gupta: 
Okay. Thank you so much for answering my questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vidit Shah from Spark Private Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Vidit Shah: 
Thanks for taking the question. My first question was just in continuation to the previous 
clarification you all gave. You said that this loss-making business was let go, could you share 
some details on what this business really was and if we actually look at absolute EBIT, that has 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
sort of remained flat at about INR1.3 crores quarter-on-quarter. So, there's not really been an 
improvement despite this business going, so what is the trajectory we expect going forward? 
Onkar Shetye: 
So Vidit, your line was a little muffled, but I'll quickly try to interpret and give you a response 
to the question. Vidit, the nature of the business that we exited was in the transaction 
management area of the distribution vertical, basically facilitating aggregation of real estate 
channel partners and brokers and helping real estate developers achieve a velocity of real estate 
sales. It required aggregation of real estate brokers in every micro market, to contribute to the 
sales volume and effectively the revenue that could come through Aurum PropTech’s business. 
This was not scalable or was taking time to scale in micro markets which were new to the 
business operation,  and hence we took a call to exit this. While I think it had contributed to an 
overall consolidated net profitability at the consolidated level, it has got balanced out with certain 
extra expenditure that we incurred in the rental business. The distribution segment at the 
consolidated level has improved in terms of profitability with this corporate action of 
restructuring. 
Vidit Shah: 
So my question, my second part was really on the absolute profitability of the distribution 
business. 
Onkar Shetye: 
At distribution, we are at a 7% net margin, Vidit. 
Vidit Shah: 
Okay. So when I look at your segmental results, the EBIT  - the distribution business is INR1.3 
crores. And this has really remained flat, quarter-on-quarter despite letting go of this loss-making 
business. So, I'm trying to understand if there's some add-on expenditure that we are incurring 
in this distribution business to offset this loss-making business? 
Onkar Shetye: 
I think the complete effect of this realignment will be visible in the coming subsequent two 
quarters because this action was taken in mid-quarter and while there were certain benefits that 
we could incur this quarter, the subsequent net margin benefit we will offer in the subsequent 
quarter.  
Vidit Shah: 
Would you be able to quantify the benefits that we can get? 
Onkar Shetye: 
So I think we should be able to send you a detailed note on this, quantifying how we plan to do 
better in terms of that. 
Ashish Deora: 
Vidit, sorry, this is Ashish here today. In our investor presentation, we have tried to articulate 
the benefits through the last few slides on this that why it makes sense to kind of be heavy on 
tech, why our revenue per team member is going up with this business, how the EBITDA 
margins that Onkar spoke about is going up with this. So it was something that we were looking 
to realign for the last two quarters. We were working on this. We, in fact, articulated this as well 
in one of our previous calls to say that we want to do this. And I'm happy that we have 
successfully been able to do this. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Vidit Shah: 
Okay. Understood. And I had another question on the NestAway Lite business that you've 
launched this quarter. Could you just help take us through what is the TAM according to you 
and what is the business model in terms of revenue. 
Moderator: 
Really sorry to interrupt. Sir there is a background noise which is coming when you are speaking 
and because of which your voice is sounding a bit muffled. So, if you're using the speaker mode, 
request you to use a handset mode, please. 
Onkar Shetye: 
Vidit, are you still there? 
Vidit Shah: 
Yes. 
Onkar Shetye: 
Yes. Vidit the introduction of the lite model for us is again twofold. One is from an improvement 
of efficiency of supply, where properties we have, I would say, occupancy requirements, so 
properties which we have got a 20% of occupancy still to be factored in our fulfil. These units 
are being offered for short stays which are in a way improving the unit of that particular building 
from an occupancy standpoint.  
With this, we've been able to better our overall handover occupancy level for around 50 
properties which are now accounting around which are now at 90% of occupancy level. So that 
is one. The TAM for this is really large because this competes in a way one to one with your 
business hotels, service apartments, which are typically looking to host business travellers, 
young professionals traveling to cities for projects for a short-term duration of a week or a couple 
of weeks. So, without really creating a new brand, without really creating new supply, we've 
been able to leverage the same supply, improve the efficiency of that supply and also unlock one 
more TAM in this supply. 
Vidit Shah: 
 
Thanks so much, I’ll get back in the queue. 
 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Mayuresh. Please go ahead. 
Mayuresh M: 
So I have a question. You said that you do have some acquisitions coming in pipeline if you find 
some good companies to acquire. And I also see that there is a considerable debt on the company. 
So how do you plan to fund the acquisitions? Do you plan to take more debt? Or do you plan to 
raise more funds through diluting the equity or through QIP`s? And to reduce the debt, what is 
the plan? 
Ashish Deora: 
Thank you, Mayuresh for your question. This is Ashish here. When we acquired NestAway in 
June 2023, we had made an internal sort of commitment to ourselves that let's ensure that we are 
seeing profitability in every single business in every single offering of ours. It was also very 
important at that point of time, to ensure that NestAway is turned around, because NestAway 
was losing INR 42 crores a year when we bought that in June 2023. 
Now since NestAway is profitable, and we have been able to improve unit economics in every 
offerings, every businesses of ours to a point where we are seeing profitability in near future. 
We believe that we can now go back to  making just one or two acquisitions that are extremely 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
synergic to our businesses, complementary to our businesses. It should sit between the two of 
our businesses. That's the idea. 
To answer your question how are we going to fund that acquisition. We have our own capital 
that we can call for in terms of the rights issue, which we are planning to do in Q4. So that is 
one way to do it. We have our own buildings that we can monetize. So that is the other way to 
do that. And irrespective of whatever acquisitions we look, we are always very conservative 
with our valuation metrics. We are very, conservative in looking at the sort of cash that we give 
out for these businesses. So, we will not really be spending a lot on these acquisitions as we have 
done in the past. 
Mayuresh M: 
Yes. And do you plan to reduce the debt or you plan to continue until you have more profitability 
and it automatically pays off? 
Ashish Deora: 
So, the only debt we carry is the lease rental discounting that is against our properties. And they 
are at a very attractive interest rate. They are self-liquidating debt facilities because they are 
backed by the rental agreements. So that's the only debt we carry. Definitely, we will not carry 
any more debt than that, than the LRD possibilities. Irrespective, no acquisition can be funded 
by debt. We are very debt averse to do something like that. 
Mayuresh M: 
Understood. It’s great to hear that. I have one more question, if I may. So regarding the REIT 
license from SEBI, when do you expect to receive that license? Is there a timeline? 
Hiren Ladva: 
So typically, we are in the next level of discussions and exchanging responses with SEBI on our 
application. So, it's difficult to put a timeline to when the license will be approved by SEBI 
because it's in the hands of SEBI. But if you ask me for an estimate, another 2, 3 weeks is what 
we are keeping our fingers crossed on, as the timeline for getting the license. 
Mayuresh M: 
Okay. And for HelloWorld, the Coliving platform, I just wanted to understand the business 
model. Is it other properties wholly owned by Aurum? Or it's also a platform where each and 
every property owner can lease their property through the website? 
Onkar Shetye: 
So I'll quickly give you a color of the HelloWorld business model in a short span that actually 
doesn't do justice to the large scale that they have established. Now HelloWorld is present in 17-
odd cities with 210-odd properties and around 16,000-odd rental units being managed by the 
team. It's a complete asset-light model of operation, where they do not own any buildings or real 
estate assets on their portfolio or on their books or in the business. 
They serve two types of consumers, one, student living, which is a large cohort in India, around 
40 lakh students are required to be serviced from a private rental accommodation standpoint 
across urban cities in India. And the other cohort is young professionals, which is around 60-
odd lakh professionals working in 9 corporate sectors across the country in urban areas who 
we're seeing in shared rental spaces. That's on the demand side. 
On the supply side, you only have around 3 lakh organized rental unit supply on the co-living 
side. So, the opportunity for expansion here from a demand-supply mismatch point is large, 
purely from an operator point of view as well. And when I say operating co, it means that an 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
institutionalized team which has got tech-enabled services, it has got institutional grade property 
management servicing network that engages with aggregated supply, typically buildings with 
minimum 30-odd rental units, to be offered for co-living, and given the community experience 
to these 2 cohorts, is the Gen Z and millennial cohort that we are looking at. So I hope you have 
tried to do justice in the short span of time. 
Mayuresh M: 
Yes. But these units that are built are they owned by Aurum? Or are they owned by owners and 
Aurum is an aggregator, it provides a platform for the students who are looking for 
accommodation? 
Onkar Shetye: 
So these units are not owned by Aurum. They are taken as a operating contract with the property 
owners or the building owners who own them, effectively, and HelloWorld goes on to Op-co, 
prop-co model. We have one more model of rental, which is the NestAway model, which is 
more of a marketplace which services a different cohort of consumers, which is younger families 
who are looking to rent out individual family rental units or individual apartments for their 
consumption. So that's a different model where that team is a technical service and absolutely 
asset-light in the marketplace. 
Mayuresh M: 
And may I know what is the margin for HelloWorld? 
Onkar Shetye: 
So HelloWorld operates at a gross margin of 40% and so typically, 60% of the entire I would 
say revenue goes into the rentals that are to be paid for these properties and then 40% comes to 
HelloWorld. Out of which, HelloWorld goes on to manage its P&L, its building management 
expenses and our teams that move on to service. 
Mayuresh M: 
So the net would be approximately 25% to 30%, right? 
Onkar Shetye: 
That's correct. Some of it, of course, goes into city fees and G&A. But we can look at an ideal 
state in a micro market, which has got enough demand/supply and the team and the right mix of 
team managing it -- right balance of team managing it, we can operate at a 15% kind of growth 
margin. 
Mayuresh M: 
And at what growth are we growing year-on-year for HelloWorld? 
Onkar Shetye: 
So I'll give you a quick history of HelloWorld. We acquired this business 100% in April 2022. 
This was at INR 38 crores of revenue. As of H1 '25, we are looking at INR 135 crores revenue 
from HelloWorld business. 
Moderator: 
We'll move on to the text questions. The first text question is from Vikul Arora. And the question 
is, congrats on the recent announcement. Could you please elaborate on the strategic reasons 
behind the decision to sell Wisetechno Private Limited to Aurum Facility Management Private 
Limited, which is a part of the promoter group? 
Kunal Karan: 
Look, Wisetechno is actually, if you try to understand the model of the business is that it is a 
property which has been taken on rent by a third party. Whatever rental comes in, the 
consideration of the rent goes to the investors and the lenders of Wisetechno. So Aurum 
PropTech does not derive any kind of benefit from the holdings of Wisetechno. And since the 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
property is on rent, it needs somebody to manage, to collect the rent, to keep up the property on 
its health, which Aurum PropTech doesn't do.  
So that is why Aurum Facility Management, who are actually experts in these areas, so they 
have been given that work to do. That is the reason to sell it. So right now, we have not sold it. 
We have just entered into an agreement to sell it. But definitely, we do not want to manage a 
property, collect the rent and give it back to the lenders in that way. So that is why it has been 
transferred to a company which actually does those kind of activities. 
Moderator: 
And the second follow-up question is also from the line of Vikul Arora. And the question is, can 
you share cash and cash equivalents at the end of the quarter? And when is the company planning 
to initiate the second tranche of the rights issue? 
Kunal Karan: 
So the cash and cash equivalent as given in the cash flow statement is around INR 14 crores. So 
over and above that INR 14 crores, we have got around INR 7 crores to INR 8 crores as fixed 
deposit, which doesn't form a cash equivalent as per the definition of cash. But if you really try 
to see the total cash, it is around INR 25 crores. INR 14 crores, which is coming in the cash 
flows as a closing balance plus INR 7 crores as cash equivalent, which comes in the balance 
sheet, which is in form of fixed deposits with bank with a maturity of more than 3 months. 
Ashish Deora: 
And as far as rights issue is concerned, we have planned it in Q4. This is what we communicated 
in Q1earlier this financial year, and we'll carry on with that same plan to kind of call for the 
rights issue in Q4. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sriram R. And the question is, which vertical is creating 
lease liabilities, ROU asset on your balance sheet? Is it HelloWorld or NestAway? 
Onkar Shetye: 
So both HelloWorld and NestAway comes in the rental segment and ROU asset is only at 
HelloWorld, not in NestAway. So that is whyif you see the asset liabilities of rental, both of 
them are heavy because of the ROU asset and liability sitting on both sides of the balance sheet. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Vinay Gupta. And the question is, so on what basis has the 
consideration payable for transfer of Wisetechno shares been decided? Did Aurum receive any 
money from providing the services of facility management earlier? 
Kunal Karan: 
So, the capital is the investment of Aurum in Wisetechno is INR 1 lakh. So right now, the 
question and the valuation that has been done is based on the book value of Wisetechno and the 
book value of Wisetechno actually looks high. That is why the consideration is looking high 
because the building has been accounted as per Ind AS 116, which will create the ROU asset in 
that company. Otherwise, the investment in the company is only INR 1 lakh. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Sabareeshan CK. And the first question is, can you share segment-
wise P&L? 
Onkar Shetye: 
So we'll give you a quick contribution of each segment to the revenue. We have a total income 
of INR 137 crores for H1 '25. INR80 crores or 58% of that has come from the rental business 
between NestAway and HelloWorld, which has grown at 33% Y-o-Y. Another 29% or INR 40 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
crores has come from the distribution business, which is a combination of analytics, sales and 
marketing automation, which has grown 18% Y-o-Y. And the balance of 30% has come from 
the capital and other income contribution. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Rahul Jain. And the question is, can you share the adjusted guidance for 
FY'25? 
Kunal Karan: 
So Rahul, we would still want to keep our North Star of the Y-o-Y 45% growth metric. While 
there is an organic build forward in the existing businesses, there could also be opportunities 
that could take us to a strategic 45% growth trajectory. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikram Munjal. And the question is how fast 
can NestAway be expected to grow? As tech businesses, why not accelerate it 3 digits growth? 
Onkar Shetye: 
I think we like this question, because people have started recognizing the potential of its growth 
at scale. Typically, marketplace models work best when they have the right amount of supply, 
demand and fulfilment partners coming on to the platform and contributing to this accelerated 
growth journey. Because we saw this potential in the NestAway marketplace model, we invested 
in June '23. It's been roughly a year post the investment or the acquisition rather, 100% 
acquisition. 
 
The first half of the last year has gone in stabilizing the business, ensuring that we are able to 
have control on unit economics and demonstrating that the business can hit breakeven, even 
though it's a high-growth tech and marketplace business. And this we achieved in December last 
year, where hit at the unit level of rating. And post that, we started factoring in the growth 
opportunities in NestAway. 
 
The growth opportunities there are twofold. One is by introducing more revenue stream, which 
is effectively increasing the wallet share per consumer. So introductions like NestAway Lite 
have gone on to increase the wallet share of consumers. Second is, of course, supply acquisition, 
where we have gone on to continuously be on a continuum of supply acquisition quarter-on-
quarter. 
 
The third is -- and which was the most crucial in this brand of NestAway, which has got some 
INR 450 crores of invested capital by the previous teams and the previous investors, was 
correction in the customer experience and the consumer perception of the brand. We have now 
brought back the brand to a 4.1% average out rating on most consumer rating portals, which 
demonstrates confidence in the brand and confidence in the promise at the bank pools. 
 
We would like to have this controlled growth on unit economic driven supply acquisition and 
also your increased customer base and wallet share for the next 2 quarters, before then fully 
accelerating the growth effects that where we would also like to, at some point, expect a 3-digit 
growth in the NestAway business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shiv P. And the question is, could you elaborate on how 
Aurum PropTech Limited, strategic focus on integrated advanced analytics with your platforms? 
And how is it expected to create value for Aurum PropTech's financials and when? 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Ashish Deora: 
So there is a quite complex structure of data or data strategy, but I'll try to simplify it for you. 
Essentially, we are focusing on 2 things. One, any consumer that comes at any native touch point 
across the ecosystem, be it a student or a young professional or a family rental or a purchaser or 
an investor, has to be given a unique consumer profile and ID that sits in a data lake across the 
ecosystem. 
 
Second, any asset, which means Real Estate asset, be it a co-living property or a family rental 
property or a buy-sell property or an investment property that comes on to any native touch point 
of the business sits again in the consolidated data lake. And then there are upstream and 
downstream angles to pushing this lead up. The upstream angle to put this data is to push 
opportunities for every business to monetize the consumer and asset across its business model. 
 
And the downstream strategy is to make sure, that our teams are equipped with the right data 
sets to go engage with consumers to go and fulfill the requirements of consumers with better 
efficiency. So it's an experience and efficiency driven business model for data analytics. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. And the question is, what 
is the need for investment in NestAway, both from a growth perspective and also new initiatives 
such as resale market? 
Onkar Shetye: 
So first and foremost, let me outline the investment that has already gone into NestAway. We 
have invested around INR 90-odd crores to buy the NestAway marketplace and the brand. And 
the model is quite unique is because your most of the rentals pay there rents upfront. And then, 
of course, the supply has to be paid at the end of the month. So that helps us in good working 
capital cycle management. 
 
In addition to the INR 90 crores of investment into the brand and the platform, we have invested 
around INR 20 crores in tranches over the last 1 year, that have gone in stabilizing the business 
and that have gone in, making sure that we are able to introduce these new verticals or the 
revenue streams that we spoke about. 
 
And additional INR 30 crores has already been outlined to take the business to a certain scale. 
But one investor asked about -- or one speaker just asked about a 3 digit growth. We feel that 
once we have an ideal state of marketplace, there could be a larger investment that can be 
outlined for this business with the growth strategy. 
Ashish Deora: 
And I would also add to what Onkar just said, we are very excited with the resale market because, 
as you know Rahul, that there are not too many people and not too many companies who have 
been able to successfully do this. And with NestAway, the kind of data that we have as a 
marketplace it's that much easier for us to operate in this space. It's a very attractive place to be. 
It's going to be a C2C segment, and we are pretty hopeful and working very, very closely on this 
opportunity to take the resale market, like we have taken the Coliving market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranav Mashruwala. And the question is, can 
you please share details of NestAway Lite? 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Onkar Shetye: 
Sure. So Pranav, NestAway Lite offers short stays. It offers short stays for travellers who are 
looking to stay in certain micro markets for the duration of a month or so, and then quickly travel 
out of the city. It, again, is similar to the HelloWorld model of offering of short space, which 
unlocks the same supply with the sort of better efficiency of occupancy. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vikram Munjal. And the question is, are there any plans to get 
any big strategic investor partner in NestAway to scale business? 
Ashish Deora: 
So, become we think that these are early days to bring any big strategic investor or partner in 
either NestAway or in HelloWorld or in any of our current businesses. The businesses are 
growing and very, very good sort of scale currently. And we have the capital to kind of grow 
these businesses. We have grown them over the last 2 years, including NestAway, including 
HelloWorld, including Analytica. Most of these businesses have grown multiple times with very 
little capital that has been put in by us. 
 
We believe that as a Real Estate company, we understand the problems of Real Estate, and that 
is what we try to bring to the PropTech and the PropTech management to kind of solve that 
problem. So with little capital, we are able to scale up. With little growth capital, we are able to 
grow all the businesses. And we believe that there's still time to get a big strategic investor in 
NestAway or any others. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants. I now hand the conference 
over to Ms. Vanessa Fernandes for closing comments. Over to you, ma'am. 
Vanessa Fernandes: 
Thank you, Sagar. Thank you, everyone, for taking the time out to join us on this call. We 
wholeheartedly appreciate your continued interest in Aurum PropTech, and we look forward to 
having you all in the next call again. Have a good evening ahead. 
 
 
