 
 
 
 
 
Max Healthcare Institute Limited 
Corp Office: 2nd Floor, Capital Cyberscape, 
Sector - 59, Golf Course Extension Road, 
Gurugram - 122102, Haryana 
T: +91-124-620 7777 
 
www.maxhealthcare.in 
Max Healthcare Institute Limited 
Regd. Office: 401, 4th Floor, Man Excellenza, S. V. Road, 
Vile Parle (West), Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400 056 
T: +91-22 2610 0461/62 
E: secretarial@maxhealthcare.com, investors@maxhealthcare.com 
 
(CIN: L72200MH2001PLC322854) 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: MAXHEALTH 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 543220 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Call held on November 7, 2024 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed copy of transcript of earnings conference call, organised on November 7, 2024, 
on financial results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024. 
 
The said transcript is also available on the website of the Company at www.maxhealthcare.in/ 
financials#earnings-call. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours truly, 
For Max Healthcare Institute Limited 
 
 
 
Dhiraj Aroraa 
SVP - Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
Dhiraj 
Aroraa
Digitally signed 
by Dhiraj Aroraa 
Date: 2024.11.13 
20:28:40 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
Max Healthcare Institute Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Max Healthcare Institute 
Limited Earnings Conference Call. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Pujari from CDR India. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir.  
Anoop Pujari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on Max 
Healthcare's Q2 and H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us Mr. Abhay Soi – Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Yogesh 
Sareen – Senior Director and Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Keshav Gupta – Senior 
Director, Growth, M&A and Business Planning of the Company.  
We will begin the call with opening remarks from the management, following which 
we will have the forum open for an interactive question and answer session. Before 
we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call may be 
forward looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the 
earnings presentation shared with you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Abhay to make his opening remarks.  
Abhay Soi: 
A very good afternoon to everyone and a warm welcome to Max Healthcare’s Q2 & 
H1FY25 earnings call.  
This financial year was projected to be one of limited growth. Our brownfield capacity 
expansions were scheduled for completion at year-end and our greenfield hospital 
in Dwarka would still be in its early stages of operation. However, the first half of the 
year has seen stellar growth fuelled by recent acquisitions and their successful 
integration into our Network. By expanding into new, but proven geographies, we 
have supplemented our growth momentum.  
Max Lucknow and Max Nagpur have been fully integrated into the Network and have 
significantly improved their performance. Combined revenue reached Rs.130 crore 
for these two hospitals in Q2, representing a growth of 40% year-on-year and 32% 
quarter-on-quarter. Compared to the previous year, the combined EBITDA nearly 
doubled to Rs. 33 crore in Q2 with a margin of 26%.  
 

 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
The newly operational Max Dwarka hospital reported a revenue of Rs. 33 crore and 
EBITDA loss of Rs. 18 crore, with occupancy of 41% and Average Revenue Per 
Occupied Bed (ARPOB) of Rs. 80,000. This hospital has been performing very well 
and we believe that it will break even much before the end of the year and perhaps 
will be the fastest breakeven in our history.  
We are excited about the recent acquisition of Jaypee Hospital, Noida. It is a 
marquee asset and will strengthen our presence in the National Capital Region. The 
enterprise value for this acquisition was Rs. 1,660 crore and we expect to integrate 
the hospital into the Network quicker than others. In the near term, our plan is to 
increase the operational bed capacity from 376 beds currently to 430 beds by March 
2025 and upwards of 480 beds by December, 2025. We are simultaneously 
strengthening the medical programs in urology, medical oncology, gastroenterology 
and neurosciences through a combination of external hires, infrastructure 
enhancement and technology upgrades.  
Now coming to Q2 performance highlights; this is our 16th consecutive quarter of 
year-on-year growth.  
Overall network revenue stood at Rs. 2,228 crore, registering a growth of 22% year-
on-year and 10% quarter-on-quarter.  
Network operating EBITDA was Rs. 566 crore, but more importantly, excluding the 
extraordinary items comprising of Rs. 18 crore of start-up losses at Max Dwarka and 
Rs. 7 crore of transaction costs for the Jaypee deal, the operating EBITDA stood at 
Rs. 591 crore, reflecting a growth of 19% year-on-year and 17% quarter-on-quarter.  
Profit after tax (PAT) stood at Rs. 349 crore compared to Rs. 338 crore in Q2 last 
year and Rs. 295 crore in the previous quarter. Yet again, excluding the extraordinary 
items as mentioned above, PAT stood at Rs. 383 crore, reflecting a growth of 13% 
year-on-year.  
From here on, I will mention all numbers and percentages excluding the 
extraordinary items. 
1) Our average occupancy for the Network increased to 81% from 77% in Q2 last 
year and 75% in the trailing quarter, while the occupied bed days (OBDs) grew 
by 18% year-on-year and 8% quarter-on-quarter.  
 
2) ARPOB for the quarter stood at Rs. 76,100, growing by 2% year-on-year and 
remaining flat quarter-on-quarter. Like-for-like ARPOB grew by 7% for the 
existing hospitals.  
 
3) Network gross revenue was Rs. 2,194 crore compared to Rs. 1,827 crore in Q2 
last year and Rs. 2,028 crore in the previous quarter. This reflects an increase 
of 20% year-on-year and 8% versus the trailing quarter.  
 
4) The international patient revenue stood at Rs. 178 crore. This reflected a growth 
of 12% both year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter, despite contraction in patient 
footfalls from Bangladesh and Yemen due to political unrest. 
 
5) Network operating EBITDA stood at Rs. 591 crore, reflecting a growth of 19% 
year-on-year and 17% quarter-on-quarter. Operating EBITDA margin stood at 
28.2% for the quarter.  
 

 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
6) Annualized EBITDA per bed stood at Rs. 75.5 lakhs, remaining flat year-on-year 
and increasing by 6% versus the trailing quarter. Like-for-like EBITDA per bed 
grew by 4% for the existing hospitals. 
 
7) Profit after tax was Rs. 383 crore versus Rs. 338 crore in Q2 last year and Rs. 
295 crore in the previous quarter.  
 
8) Overall free cash flow from operations was Rs. 464 crore, of which Rs. 217 crore 
was deployed towards ongoing capacity expansion projects and upgradation of 
facilities at acquired hospitals. Consequently, net cash position for the Network 
stood at Rs. 313 crore at the end of September 2024 compared to Rs. 66 crore 
at the end of March, 2024.  
 
9) Continuing our effort to support the local communities we treated approximately 
39,600 outpatients and 1,300 inpatients from economically weaker sections of 
society entirely free of charge.  
 
10) Both our strategic business units continued to report significant growth in the 
revenue and profitability. 
 
• 
Max@Home reported a top line of Rs. 53 crore, reflecting a robust growth of 
24% year-on-year. It offers 14 specialized service lines across 12 cities, with 
over 50% repeat transactions. 
 
• 
Max Lab reported a gross revenue of Rs. 47 crore, reflecting a strong growth 
of 21% year-on-year. It provides services in 50 cities through its network of 
over 1,100 collection centres and active partners.  
 
11) Now coming to the status of our expansion projects: 
 
• 
For capacity augmentation at Max Lucknow, finishing work for additional 140 
beds is in progress and will be completed by December 2024, as 
communicated earlier. Further, environmental clearance (EC), consent to 
establish (CTE) and fire no-objection certificate (NOC), etc. have already 
been received for the additional 450-bed tower at Max Lucknow. We are 
completing the drawings for the same and will be appointing the contractors 
shortly.  
 
• 
For 140 beds at Nagpur, 12 beds have been added in October 2024. For the 
balance beds on additional floors, applications for EC, etc. are in progress.  
 
• 
For 268 beds at Nanavati in Phase 1, we have completed most of the 
structural work. The project continues to be on schedule and we expect 
completion by end of the financial year, as communicated previously.  
 
• 
For 400 beds at Max Smart, this project is on track. We expect its completion 
within Q1 FY26.  
 
• 
For 155 beds at Mohali, most of the structural work is complete and we 
expect its completion again by Q1 FY26.  
 
• 
For 501 beds at Sector 56 Gurgaon, the structural work is complete up till 
the plinth and above. We expect completion of the first phase of 300 beds 
by end of Q3 FY26. 
All of these are on schedule and we will see, over the next 12 to 15 months, 
significant ramp up in our capacity, most of which via Nanavati, Mohali, as well 

 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
as Max Smart (Saket) should be coming through in the months of April-June 
2025.  
• 
For 367 beds at Patparganj, post issuance of NOCs by fire departments and 
water departments etc., we have already submitted our plans and we have 
received the environmental clearance. This project is largely on schedule as 
well. 
 
• 
For 550 additional beds at Max Vikrant (Saket), EC, CTE, etc. have already 
been received and barricading work is on. The forest approval over here is 
delayed due to Supreme Court proceedings in relation to tree felling 
involving DDA and the Lieutenant Governor of Delhi. For the past 6 months, 
they have not permitted anybody to remove any trees. But we think that this 
should get resolved fairly soon.  
And finally moving on to the overview of the company performance for the first half 
of financial year 2025: 
12) Network gross revenue stood at Rs. 4,222 crore, reflecting a growth of 19% year-
on-year.  
 
13) Overall Network operating EBITDA grew by 17% year-on-year to Rs. 1,089 
crore, reflecting a margin of 27.2%. While EBITDA per bed stood at Rs. 72.8 
lakhs per bed.  
 
14) In the first half, we generated Rs. 722 crore of free cash flow from operations, 
after interest tax, working capital changes and routine CAPEX, of which Rs. 430 
crore was deployed towards ongoing expansion projects. 
With this, we open the floor for any Q&A.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Amey Chalke from JM Financial 
Institutional Securities Limited.   
Amey Chalke: 
The first question I have on Nagpur and Lucknow units, both have done well during 
the quarter. I understand that Nagpur might be going through the seasonal peak, but 
both the units are now delivering 20%+ margins. Is it possible for us to give some 
colour – what would be the potential margins for optimally utilized unit both at the 
Nagpur and the Lucknow unit? Specifically, Lucknow, can it match the profitability of 
our existing hospitals in Saket, etc.? 
Abhay Soi:   
Firstly, we do not give forward looking statements. But intrinsically, margins and 
percentage margins are only one part. They are still operating at lower ARPOBs 
compared to the rest of the Network and compared to the potential in the market 
over there as well. In the coming quarters, we will see improvement in that. There 
will be improvement towards better quality programs, that means higher-end surgical 
mix, more robotics, more complicated surgeries, as the new teams that we have 
hired come in and kick in, some of them being very recent hires. We will see all the 
benefits coming through. For Lucknow so far, we have a bunker over there but 
oncology has not been a big play. It accounts for only 7-8% of revenue as against 
26-27% across the Network. As we get the bunker ready and the new LINAC 
machine comes in place, you will see this number move up. And so, you will 
automatically see an increase in ARPOB. Our preoccupation, as you are aware, is 
never with margins in percentage terms, it's with EBITDA per bed. And we think there 
is a significant amount of juice over there with respect to EBITDA per bed.  

 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
   
Also, I just want to add that as we are going to get 140 more beds over there, which 
is almost 50% more capacity, our operating leverage on the incremental beds is 
much more, so the EBITDA per bed for incremental beds will be significantly more. 
You will see the margins expand because of that as well.  
Amey Chalke: 
So, do you see the Rs. 70 lakhs per bed kind of EBITDA to be achieved in Lucknow? 
Abhay Soi:   
Well, we will not give you any forward-looking statements on that.  
Amey Chalke: 
The second question I have is on the Saket Complex. So, here we are adding almost 
1000 beds or maybe 800 to 900 beds over the next 2 to 3 years. So, should we 
consider this as a brownfield expansion? Because considering this much number of 
beds are getting added, I believe that everything like utility, doctors, everything 
should be added as well. So, the delta in the margins will not be significant. Is my 
understanding correct or you think that this is like a plain brownfield expansion which 
is happening in this locality?  
Abhay Soi:   
No, it works like a plain brownfield expansion. When you look at utilities, you are 
looking at capital cost. As far as the operating cost is concerned, there will not be a 
significant increase in operating cost. If you look at the P&L, about 15% of our costs 
are related to doctors. And out of the 33% of indirect costs, 23% is non-medical 
personnel – most of it is being management cost. About 25-30% of the operating 
cost may increase on incremental basis, but we will still have significant amount of 
room. In each one of the brownfields that we do, the utilities are the same. We have 
to increase our utilities, whether it is chillers for air conditioning or sewage treatment 
plants (STPs), etc. but it is all in the same complex. Yet you have these benefits of 
a brownfield. Also, please note that it is not 800-900 beds over the next 3 to 4 years. 
You will have to look at it slightly differently. We will have 375 beds coming up in the 
month of April-May 2025. We expect a very quick ramp up of these 375 beds, as we 
have witnessed in our other brownfield expansions. The next set of 550 beds will 
come up after 3.5 years. Basically, we will have a run on these 375 beds for the next 
3.5 years. Our belief is that these beds are going to get occupied in very quick time 
and we are going to run out of capacity way before our new beds, which is another 
550 beds in Vikrant, are going to come out.  
Amey Chalke: 
And the third question if I can squeeze in, our profitability for the core business is still 
healthy at 20%+ margin but it has dropped slightly year-on-year. If you have to call 
out anything there.  
Abhay Soi: 
Again, the point I would like to highlight is that you need to change your view on the 
margins. When one starts doing high-end surgeries, or high-end payor mix, margin 
in percentage term comes down but it goes up in absolute terms. We would rather 
do a Rs. 10 lakh-surgery with a 20% margin than a Rs. 2 lakh-surgery with a 50% 
margin. If you look at medical patients, medical patients give you more margin in 
percentage terms but less in value terms. Whereas a surgical patient, say a liver 
transplant or a heart transplant patient, gives you less in percentage terms but more 
in value terms. But that's the patient you would want. You will need to see it in context 
of three aspects. First, you need to look at EBITDA per bed. Secondly, you have to 
compare it to the same time last year rather than on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Q2 
is always a medical quarter and ARPOBs are lower in Q2, but it is always also 
characterized by higher occupancy. And the third aspect is that if you are going to 
look at EBITDA per bed, you have to take out at least the newer acquisitions that we 
have done because be it Dwarka, which has started its operations only right now, or 
Lucknow and Nagpur, which have been acquired and are still in the building stage. 
So, they enjoy lesser EBITDA per bed. Other than that, if you look at the EBITDA 
per bed, it’s fairly healthy. 

 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Yogesh Sareen:  
EBITDA per bed has grown by 7% YoY and this is despite the fact that our 
immigration business, which we mentioned last quarter also, has dropped by 44%. 
And it was very high EBITDA margin business for us. So, this has had some impact 
but we think that it will get normalized from Q4 onward because we had the drop in 
business from Q4 last year. So, we think that once that gets normalized, you will see 
that even EBITDA per bed growth would be much better than what you see today, 
which is 6% YoY. 
Ameya Chalke: 
So, going ahead for the existing business, the EBITDA per bed improvement would 
be largely inflationary or you think there is there would be improvement in terms of 
the productivity as well.  
Yogesh Sareen: 
ARPOB is growing by 7% and if we really adjusted for the drop in immigration 
business, it would be 8-9% growth in APROB, of which only 2% is because of price. 
Rest all is efficiency in terms of processes, as well as payor mix and case mix. If this 
is what you are referring to as efficiency, then this will continue. And we do not think 
that we will see any big change in these numbers in terms of growth in ARPOB going 
forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Neha Manpuria from Bank of America Securities.  
Neha Manpuria: 
On the Jaypee asset acquisition, I just wanted to get a sense on do you think if I look 
at the numbers EBITDA per bed obviously can be better but in terms of occupancy, 
ARPOB, it seems pretty decent. Obviously, it can be higher. But what do you think 
is required there from either do we think we need more medical equipment, more 
doctor teams, does it need upgradation? How are you thinking about ramping up the 
Noida asset?  
Abhay Soi: 
I think all of the above. It has been a company, which has been in liquidation for a 
significant period of time. So, most of the equipment is the end of life. As far as the 
clinical programs are concerned, again these have been operating with just (bare 
minimum) gravity. So, there is a huge amount of upside over there. Separately, it 
has been operating as a 376-bed hospital and we believe that we can move it to a 
500-bed hospital very quickly, within the current structure, without making any 
significant changes. And this can be done in matter of a few quarters itself. So, if we 
ramp up the capacity, we move up the clinical programs, we move up ARPOB and 
payor mix, etc., we think we will be able to get there soon. To us, given the location, 
the access and the quality of infrastructure, it is a marquee asset. So when you have 
this kind of advantage, it becomes easy. We have no doubt that this will play out the 
same way as Lucknow, Nagpur or even better.  
Neha Manpuria: 
And are there any litigation etc. that we need to be worried about which needs 
resolving or which could be a liability in the future that we need to be mindful of?  
Abhay Soi: 
None whatsoever. I mean there are no pending litigations. That's the benefit of 
buying through an NCLT process that if there are any creditors, if there are any 
claimants, etc., there is a time-bound manner in which they have to raise their hand 
and put in their claims, be it any department, even a government regulated 
department. So, the NCLAT process allows claimants to step up and state what their 
claim is. And after the expiry of time mentioned by NCLAT, those claims are not 
entertained. In this case, all the claims that were entertained at the NCLAT 
proceedings, all of them have been satisfied and more importantly, even post the 
proceedings there are no further claims that have been raised. When you get 
something through a High Court order, i.e., NCLAT is a High Court, it cannot be 
questioned.  

 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Neha Manpuria: 
So, it's a fairly clean, from a litigation perspective, there's no big overhang that we 
need to be worried about then? 
Abhay Soi: 
Since we are getting it through the High Court, the title is clear. And there were no 
creditors which were dissatisfied creditors either. All the claims have been fulfilled.  
Neha Manpuria: 
What about the two, the Bulandshahr and the Anoopshahr and Bulandshahr is 
commercial. So, would that be meaningful enough? Should we be considering that 
when we are looking at the math? 
Abhay Soi: 
No, they're not meaningful enough. And we did not even attribute any value to it. We 
are trying to determine whether we should focus and spend CSR time and money 
on this or just wrap it up. 
Neha Manpuria: 
And last on Jaypee, we have acquired part stake. The rest of it what is the process 
for that? By when do we see the full acquisition?  
Abhay Soi: 
I think in the next few days we should have that wrapped up.  
Yogesh Sareen:  
There is a call and put option, and they have exercised the put. We think that 
hopefully by next week we should be wrapping it up.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Damayanti Kerai from HSBC Securities and 
Capital Markets (India) Private Limited.  
Damayanti Kerai: 
My question is on Dwarka, so Abhay in your opening remark you mentioned Dwarka 
will still be in ramp up phase for most of this FY25. So, just want to understand like 
on TPA and insurance empanelment I believe discussions are underway. So, when 
do you expect this 18% revenue share will likely move up to the Network level 30% 
when you empanel the required number of channels? 
Yogesh Sareen: 
So, presently the TPA empanelment is underway. We are also waiting for the NABH 
certification as some of the TPAs have a requirement of NABH certification. We do 
think that by end of December 2024, we should have all of them in place. And 
January 2025 onward we think we should see more than 30% revenue coming from 
TPAs.  
Damayanti Kerai: 
So, by December most of the contracts will be signed and then you will build up from 
them? 
Abhay Soi: 
Yes.  
Damayanti Kerai: 
And the ARPOB which you mentioned in your presentation Rs.80,000. That is 
because we understand most of the patients so far are with the cash channel 
patients. And maybe ARPOB will settle down more at your Network level for this 
hospital also? 
Yogesh Sareen: 
Yes, there are two aspects. One is that we have very high outpatient consults and 
since we do not have TPA empanelment, the outpatient consults were happening in 
Max Dwarka but in-patient admission was happening in some other Max hospital. 
These doctors did have some attachment in other Max hospitals and were admitting 
the patients in the other hospital. For example, the neurosurgeon was attached with 
Max Gurgaon, so we admitted the patient there. Hopefully when we have everything 
in place, then the ARPOB will moderate a bit. But it will not be a very big change 
because it will be closer to the national average. 

 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Abhay Soi: 
But it's also a play between occupancy and ARPOB. Our belief is, like I said earlier, 
that this will probably be the fastest greenfield breakeven that we have witnessed. 
We have seen very good traction and it is only a matter of time when all the TPAs 
signed up. We started end of July, so basically beginning of August. It does take 3 
to 6 months to sign all the contracts. I mean a lot of it is in play already, and like 
Yogesh mentioned, by January 2025 we expect all of the empanelment to be done. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
My next question is on your Network level revenue contribution from TPA and 
corporate channel. So, it's around I guess 38% in the first half. So, looking ahead I 
guess when we are adding a lot of capacities into the Network where I guess this 
payor mix etc. will take some time to build up. So, say in next 2 to 3 years, what kind 
of contribution we can assume from this particular channel, from 38% can we 
assume it can comfortably go up to 45% or so or how do you see this pie moving 
up?  
Abhay Soi: 
So, we cannot give you any forward-looking guidance but we can tell you what our 
experience has been. When you open a new brownfield capacity, you essentially 
start taking in a larger amount of lower-end payor mix as well as lower-end clinical 
mix. One of the characteristics of a brownfield is that you are sort of finished with 
distilling your payor mix and you are doing very little or none of institutional business 
in the existing hospital. Like in Saket, in the main hospital, we have stopped doing it, 
in Nanavati, we have stopped doing it. The minute you put up additional brownfield, 
one of the things you are going to do is that you are going to switch on the tab for 
institutional over there, which is a lower-end payor mix. But because of operating 
leverage, even with the lower-end payor mix, which means with lower ARPOB, the 
EBITDA per bed is high. That's what we witnessed in Shalimar Bagh when we 
opened the brownfield. If you actually see what has worked for us in Nagpur – it was 
operating at maybe 55% or 60% occupancy, and the first order of business after 
taking over operations was to sign up the institutional business, which is again lower 
ARPOB but provides higher occupancy. Now, the result is that ARPOB got 
somewhat muted, occupancy went up to 90%+, but the EBITDA moved up by more 
than double. So, I think that is what we have seen is when you occupy incremental 
beds, the cost of which is only incremental, that even with a lower-end payor mix, it 
comes down to the bottom line and your margin improves. To what extent that I will 
not guide you.  
Damayanti Kerai: 
And my last question is in some of your near-term upcoming capacities. So, Lucknow 
and then I guess Nanavati, those are coming in near term. So, for these facilities 
when do you start putting up a new set of doctors, medical team etc. or it happens 
very near to the commencement of these units.  
Abhay Soi: 
We have new capacities coming up, firstly in Nanavati, in Max Smart (Saket) and 
Mohali as well as Lucknow is coming by December. But the first three are coming up 
at the same time in the month of March-May 2025. These are brownfields. Unlike 
Dwarka, which is a greenfield, where you are going to get doctors, nurses, other 
staff, and they will be on your books for about two months even before you 
commence operations, and even once you commence operations, it takes you time 
to sign up TPAs and there's a ramp up required. So, there are some limitations in 
ramping up, which are not limitations of the operational level, but there are limitations 
of enabling that occupancy. However, in a brownfield you do not have any of these 
limitations. It is the same existing contracts, the same licenses, etc. And most of your 
doctors are the same. The more expensive doctors are the chairpersons or heads of 
the clinical programs. It is not the junior consultants or resident doctors. In the first 
month itself, you get these junior doctors and absorb them. So, we do not see a 
major impact because of it, unlike Dwarka. 

 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
So, any hiring in these Brownfields as you said maybe the department heads or the 
really senior position but most of the team is already in place? That's why like there 
won't be any meaningful delta in terms of cost? 
Abhay Soi: 
That's right. Even on the management side, it will be the same heads for facility, 
F&B, nursing, engineering, medical superintendent, etc. It's not a significant amount 
and particularly in Smart, where we are just expanding beds. The team there is 
already in place. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sumit Gupta from Centrum Broking Limited.  
Sumit Gupta: 
Couple of questions, Firstly, can you tell what is the international patient's bed share 
and what kind of trend we can expect?  
Yogesh Sareen: 
International bed share is 5.5% and it constitutes around 9% on the revenue side. 
But the bed share is 5.5% as the ARPOB is higher than the national average when 
it comes to international patients.  
Sumit Gupta: 
Second is on the Jaypee hospital. So, can you explain the case and the payor mix 
of this hospital in Noida?  
Keshav Gupta:  
 For Jaypee hospital patient case mix, about 25% of revenue comes from institutional 
business and about 10-14% of business month-on-month comes from international 
patients. 
Sumit Gupta: 
And just want to understand on the broader aspect like how the competitive scenario 
in Noida just like so there are hospitals which are also going to expand in this 
geography, so how do you see that panning out? Will there be any impact that you 
see on the volume side?  
Abhay Soi: 
I think there is still some time before the other hospitals come up. But Jaypee is a 
AAA+ location and you cannot get a location better than this in Noida or Greater 
Noida. It is an 18-acre complex, with 9.5 lakh square feet of built-up area. Honestly, 
we think none of us would ever build a hospital like that. We would not want to. The 
size and scale of it is something which is first class. So, from that standpoint the 
benefit is that you get something with that size, that scale, that location, that 
infrastructure, which nobody is going to operate. It's like you can make a new hotel 
in Jaipur, but there is only one Rambagh Palace. So Jaypee is that Rambagh Palace 
in Noida. So, it's an easy sell, easy access, easy everything from that standpoint. It 
already has a start, even with a lot of limitations that it operated in, under liquidation 
for over 10 years, very little medical equipment, etc. yet you have seen halfway 
decent results coming out of this hospital. The reason for that is just fundamentally 
structural. I mean it’s like getting 7-star’s treatment at maybe 4-star, 5-star prices or 
quality of services.  
Sumit Gupta: 
Lastly on the Dwarka hospital, just like in the presentation you have mentioned that 
the hospital is expected to open nearly 200 beds by end of FY25. We just want to 
understand on this, was like you're going to add like 200 beds or what 141 beds are 
going to be operational capacity to get to 200 beds?  
Yogesh Sareen: 
No, it's a 303-bedded hospital. So, that in a greenfield situation we don't open all the 
beds, because when you open more beds that means there's a cost attached to it. 
So, we open beds as are we able to fill it up. So, I think what we said is we have 141 
beds open as of now and we think by March 2025 we will open 200 beds in total.  

 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Abhay Soi: 
What happens is that you have to get a license. If we want to get a license for 300 
beds, then we need to staff all 300 beds. Then you have to prove it to the licensing 
authority that you have staffed all the 300 beds. But if you have occupancy over 150 
beds, then you'll just say, give me a license for 150 beds because you will staff 
accordingly then. There's no point carrying staff of nurses and resident doctors for 
300 beds, when your occupancy only 120-150 beds because you are waiting for all 
the TPA empanelment, etc. to happen.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prashant Nair from Ambit Capital Pvt Ltd.  
Prashant Nair: 
So just a follow up on the Jaypee asset. When you acquired it, you had mentioned 
that there is scope to raise bed capacity meaningfully here. I think you also alluded 
to that now. Have you worked out over what period of time you will be looking to 
expand the bed capacity here? Also, second part, for the current hospital how much 
do you think you would need to invest in order to upgrade medical equipment, clinical 
capabilities etc. over the next couple of years?  
Abhay Soi: 
On the first part of the question, we will look at expanding the capacity at the earliest. 
We will be limited by the actual time it takes to construct. So, right now we are looking 
at moving up to 480 odd beds from the current capacity and thereafter it should take 
us 2-2.5 years to build another 450-500 beds, which we will embark on fairly soon 
because we see the current capacity being filled out in a matter of months and way 
before the new capacity that we are looking at because it takes time to construct.  
Yogesh Sareen: 
As far as the BME medical equipment upgrade is concerned, we already have some 
plans for that. There will be Rs.150- Rs.200 crore spend that we are planning to 
expand first to 480 beds and as Abhay mentioned, after that we will start the work to 
build additional beds. 
Abhay Soi: 
But this includes the medical equipment over Rs.150 crore.  
Yogesh Sareen:  
Yes.  
Abhay Soi: 
Because you have to appreciate that almost all of the medical equipment is end of 
life. It requires replacement.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
We've had a pretty busy last few quarters in terms of these acquisitions that we've 
done. And with a bunch of new assets coming on stream next year as you mentioned, 
are we looking to take a pause on the inorganic growth part of plans or we still 
continue with inorganic growth activity for the next few quarters? 
Abhay Soi: 
We have a pipeline. If we keep getting opportunities to add marquee assets, we will 
continue to do that. We certainly have the balance sheet and we certainly have the 
bandwidth.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
Secondly on Jaypee, so we mentioned a Rs.1,660 crore if I remember as the EV for 
the business acquisition. This includes the entire pay-out for the entire equity and 
whatever debt we've taken on for the asset.  
Abhay Soi: 
That's right. That's the enterprise value.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
And beyond this we mentioned there is going to be some registration and transfer 
charges. So, how much of that will really account to?  

 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Abhay Soi: 
It has already been paid. 
Yogesh Sareen:  
Rs. 62 crore, which is over and above. Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development 
Authority (YEIDA) has a rule where even if there's a change in shareholding, there's 
an amount we have to pay for the transfer, which is Rs. 62 crore that we paid. 
Abhay Soi: 
That’s already paid out, no further transfer charges.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
So, I mean how should we think about the assets? So, we paid about Rs1,700+ 
including the upgrades and all about Rs.1,800 odd crore for buying out an asset for 
about 500 bed asset. So, is that the way we should think about it? Apart from 
obviously it's a running asset that gives us immediate EBITDA versus a greenfield 
investment that we would have done. But in your mind how should you evaluate this 
versus assuming you were to make a same greenfield investment assuming there 
was an opportunity like this in Noida to versus acquiring this asset for the price if you 
paid? 
Abhay Soi: 
If you look at it from a return on capital employed (ROCE) standpoint. Essentially 
what you are doing is you are looking at 500-bed asset, which is renovated with new 
equipment etc. and capacity to add another 1,500 to 1,700 beds on the same land. 
So, very clearly if you want to look at it over a 4 to 5-year plan, you look at 500 beds 
plus another 450 beds that you would be able to add since you have already got the 
land for it. And then you look at what is the EBITDA and what sort of ROCE you are 
able to get. If you're able to generate more than 20-25% ROCE over that period of 
time, then it is a good acquisition. That's how we look at it. It so happens that this 
one is the easiest yet perhaps because it is a marquee asset with that location. But 
no matter how you cut it, no matter how you look at it, even if you look at it sans any 
expansion, a 500-bed hospital in this location should give you about Rs. 300 odd 
crore of EBITDA.  
Yogesh Sareen: 
So, let me just tell you how we look at it. Basically, we have a hospital in Vaishali, 
which is a 387-bed hospital and Jaypee is going to be 480 beds. Now, 480 beds with 
all the money that we are going to spend is going to be roughly around Rs. 1,900 
crore. And the hospital in Vaishali does roughly around Rs.380 crore of EBITDA 
every year and it is a 387-bed hospital.  
Abhay Soi: 
So, this is actually a better location, better access, bigger, better infrastructure than 
Vaishali.  
Yogesh Sareen: 
More beds and on 18 acres, while Vaishali hospital is on a 2.5-acre piece of land. 
So, you can obviously can see the kind of numbers that we are expecting from 
Jaypee, given that we have a benchmark in the same market already giving that level 
of EBITDA and margins. 
Abhay Soi: 
Our normal bed size average is about 1,100 square feet per bed. This is close to 
2,000 square feet per bed, already constructed.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
Abhay when you are looking at, obviously you are looking at consistently evaluating 
a pipeline of various sort of assets. So, the kind of transaction that you have gotten 
in the Jaypee Hospital, is more of a one-off transaction or there are similar such 
transactions which are there for taking in the market? 
Abhay Soi: 
Well, if Jaypee is a one-off then I guess Sahara was a two-off and then Nagpur is a 
three-off. So, I think we keep doing these ‘one-off’s, which we like to do every once 
in a while. I think Sahara Lucknow was very similar, and so was Nagpur.  

 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Nitin Agarwal: 
No, I got to appreciate that. And lastly on Dwarka you talked, it's going to be our 
fastest probably breakeven for a greenfield. So, what is the time horizon looking at 
for the breakeven here?  
Abhay Soi: 
We are looking at it before the end of this financial year.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Andrey Purushottam from Cogito Advisors.  
Andrey Purushottam: My question is really a follow up from one of the earlier questions, in terms of the 
levers that you have to increase EBITDA per bed. If you could just expand a little bit 
on that and also answer two specific questions. One is, has your proportion of your 
low margin CGHS kind of business actually diminished over the last year or two? 
And how do you intend scaling up your international business per se and also 
perhaps to compensate for the possible reduction in volumes from places like 
Bangladesh and how important is Bangladesh to your total share of patients of the 
international business per se?  
Abhay Soi: 
I'll take the last one first. Bangladesh used to be less than 1% of our total business. 
So, it really has not impacted us that much. And we have been able to compensate 
that through other markets and all our initiatives everywhere else. So, Bangladesh is 
not affecting us. What did affect us in the past was Afghanistan which was 12% of 
our international business. But we have not had that business for many quarters 
now. So, you don't see the impact of that. Hopefully as and when it comes through, 
there will be a positive impact because of it. Having said that, levers for EBITDA per 
bed, let’s start from the top with revenue lever. And perhaps most of it are revenue 
levers, which include adding clinical teams, adding occupancy, increasing 
occupancy, increasing more beds. I mean every revenue lever that you can think of 
will play into the bottom line and increase your EBITDA per bed. Because I think as 
far as costs are concerned, we are pretty much in line with where we want to be, any 
benefits over there will be only incremental.  
Institutional business has diminished marginally over the last few quarters. But the 
ARPOB of the institutional business has almost doubled. The rates are becoming 
closer to our cash rates. More importantly, in a lot of our metro locations where we 
already have very high capacity, we have already distilled away from that. So, if you 
look at Mumbai, we do not do any institutional business. But once we start the new 
capacity, we will start the institutional business, and we just occupy the beds with it 
till such time that we have idle capacity. Once that kind of runs out, we start distilling 
it again, and go back to cash business. At Saket, in the main facility, we do not do 
any institutional business. At some stage, once we come up with new capacity at 
Max Smart, we will start taking on more institutional patients. But again, over a period 
of time, we will distil it. But then, in the third phase 3-4 years later, when Vikrant 
comes again, we will start doing taking institutional business. So, you keep playing 
that game. But more importantly, as you start running out of capacity, you start 
distilling payors and within those payor groups also you start distilling the clinical mix. 
Andrey Purushottam: And going back to the international business, you said that you have a 5.5% bed 
share and a 9% revenue share. Now if you're looking to increase this share, what 
was the approach that you're following? Is it largely walk-in business or are you 
making a fair amount of proactive efforts and other geographies to attract patients 
there? 
Abhay Soi: 
We have set up offices over last 2-3 years in about 16 countries. We have our own 
offices as well as partner offices. And that is the reason that we have seen an 
outsized sort of growth in our international business. It may be 9-10% of our revenue, 
but our revenue has also been growing significantly over the last 4-5 years. This 

 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
business has been growing a 20% CAGR for us. It sort of outstrips are overall growth 
and the reason is the investments initiatives that we have taken in terms of setting 
up these direct-to-fly offices overseas. 
Andrey Purushottam: One hears about lots of problems that people face with the NHS in England and 
similarly in places like Canada etc. So, given the fact that we can provide outstanding 
medical care at a fraction of the cost, do you see more traction coming from 
developed countries like UK and Canada etc. where it has a lot of bureaucratic 
problems about getting service in their own countries?  
Abhay Soi: 
It's a question of whether you want bad healthcare for free or you want to pay for 
good and upfront healthcare and you want to come to India for it. We are setting up 
some beachhead operations in the UK as we speak, because of the same reasons 
that you mentioned. But we are not expecting some floodgates to open. It is more a 
long-term thing that we need to have some sort of presence over there to at least get 
people of Indian diaspora to India to be able to treat them. But we do not see people 
coming in drones because there is waiting time in NHS. There is waiting time but 
ultimately it is free.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Madhav Marda from Fidelity International. 
Madhav Marda: 
I just had one question, on the Dwarka unit it's quite encouraging that a greenfield 
asset can breakeven in a very short period of time. Could you just give some colour 
in terms of what guides us because I guess a general understanding for everyone 
has been that greenfield assets take let's say 2-2.5 years to reach EBITDA 
breakeven? But since we can do it at a very good pace, just what are things that are 
working in our favour, just for my understanding? 
Abhay Soi: 
I do not think it is 2-2.5 years. Typically, it should take about 18 months. That's par 
for the course. But having said that, Dwarka is again an excellent location. The first 
factor is always a location. Second is the infrastructure. The third is how much 
underserved that market is. And fourth, I tend to believe that our brands are NCR 
centric. We already have around 14 facilities over there, which makes a big 
difference. There is a very strong brand recall. And our belief is that we would have 
already broken even if we had all the institutional tie-ups, NABH certification, TPA 
empanelment, etc. Typically, you need 6 months of data to get NABH. Once you get 
NABH, you get higher rates from institutions. So, a lot of it is also process related. 
But otherwise, for us again, once the location is good, once the infrastructure is good, 
access is good, then it should not take much time to ramp up. Also, the team of 
doctors we have been able to access and get very good teams of doctors. But that’s 
the Max advantage, particularly in NCR, that we are able to attract quality talent.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Amit Thawani, an individual investor.  
Amit Thawani: 
I particularly enjoyed the response to the question whether Jaypee was a one off. 
But jokes apart, I also enjoyed how we've broken up the business into existing and 
new units. So, at 81% kind of capacity utilization, we are little bit maybe constrained 
for volume growth in the existing units. A little bit of a forward-looking statement, 
what would the growth that you estimate in the existing units in volume and ARPOB 
going forward? I mean just a ballpark even a range is fine and even I'm looking for 
more of a longer-term number rather than a short-term number.  
Abhay Soi: 
Firstly, 81% is a seasonal number, because of seasonal flu, etc. Normally, Q2 has 
higher occupancy. You will see in Q3 perhaps the occupancies will get a little more 
muted than that and that's traditionally been the case. Whatever is the occupancy in 
Q2, Q3 is lower, Q1 is lower and then Q4 again you ramp up. So, yes, the other 

 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
characteristic of having a capacity constraint is that you have a higher move up in 
your ARPOB simply because when you have the capacity constraint, the lower-end 
clinical mix and payor mix are perhaps not given priority. And when you are unable 
to give them priority, you post those surgeries and procedures at a later date, they 
are likely to evaporate. When you have capacity, all of that lower-end payor and 
clinical mix comes through. But like I said, it's also characterized by higher EBITDA 
per bed. So, it works out better to have higher occupancy than a ramp up in ARPOB. 
The fact of the matter is that we have been operating at these kind of capacity levels 
for the last couple of years with the 1-2 percentage points here or there as far as 
occupancy is concerned, and that is always because at the margin there will be some 
elasticity but it is diminishing returns. And we need to be cognizant of the fact that 
we have capacity constraints. We are cognizant of the fact that we have capacity 
constraints and therefore, we embarked on this massive journey of brownfield 
expansion. Some people will ask me the question like you are asking me that look 
you're at full capacity, where do you go from here? So, the answer to that is that's 
what the brownfields are for and some other people tend to ask that look there's so 
much capacity coming in the country, why are you putting up more capacity? Well, 
this is the reason we are putting it up. Because we have run out of capacity. 
Amit Thawani: 
But any quantitative guidance. Would you want to venture in that?  
Abhay Soi: 
No, we stay away from providing any forward-looking guidance.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Alankar Garude from Kotak Institutional Equities.  
Alankar Garude: 
Just one question for Yogesh. With Dwarka coming online, what will be the annual 
lease payment at the Network level?  
Yogesh Sareen: 
I think the overall number for the year would be around Rs. 95 crore. So, specifically 
for Dwarka, this number is around Rs. 28-29 crore. 
Alankar Garude: 
And the number for Dwarka when you say Rs. 95 crore, would be for nine months, 
right?  
Yogesh Sareen: 
No, I'm saying Rs. 28 crore is Dwarka, total is Rs. 95 crore for the overall Network.  
Abhay Soi: 
And Rs. 28 crore is for the year.  
Yogesh Sarin: 
I'm talking all annual numbers.  
Alankar Garude: 
So, basically for FY25 the number would be Rs. 7-8 crore lower. Got your point. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for the closing comments.  
Abhay Soi: 
Thank you everyone for joining us on the Q2 results. We look forward to interacting 
with you again next quarter. Well appreciated, thank you. 
 
