Date: 30 October 2024       
 
             Ref. No.: TCPCL/SEC/2024-25/00056 
 
To, 
The General Manager,  
 
 
 
 
The Manager, 
Corporate relationship department,  
 
Listing department, 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, 
Dalal Street, Fort,  
 
 
 
 
 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra(E), 
Mumbai-400 001   
 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai-400 051 
Scrip Code: 543321   
 
 
 
 
Scrip Symbol: TATVA 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings 
call held on 25 October 2024 post announcement of financial results of the Company for the 
quarter and half year ended 30 September 2024. 
 
The above information shall be made available on the website of the Company at 
www.tatvachintan.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
 
___________ 
Ishwar Nayi 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No.: A37444 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
ISHWAR 
RAMANBHAI 
NAYI
Digitally signed by 
ISHWAR RAMANBHAI 
NAYI 
Date: 2024.10.30 
14:04:13 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
Q2 FY 25 Conference Call” 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. CHINTAN SHAH – MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
MR. ASHOK BOTHRA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
 
MR. AJESH PILLAI – INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. SANJESH JAIN – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited Q2 FY 
25 Results Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjesh Jain. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Thanks, Nikita. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining on for Tatva Chintan Pharma 
Chem Limited Q2 FY 25 Results Conference Call. We have Tatva Chintan management on the 
call represented by Mr. Chintan Shah, Managing Director; Mr. Ashok Bothra, Chief Financial 
Officer; Mr. Ajesh Pillai, Investor Relations.  
I would like to invite Mr. Dinesh Sodani, General Manager, Finance, to initiate with his opening 
remarks, post which we will have a Q&A session. Over to you, Dinesh ji. 
Dinesh Sodani: 
Thank you, Sanjesh ji. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of the management, I'm pleased to 
welcome all of you to Tatva Chintan Earnings Call to discuss financial results for the quarter 
ended September 2024. Please note that a copy of all the earnings call related disclosures is 
available on both the stock exchanges, that is NSE and BSE.  
Any statement made or discussed during this call, which reflects our outlook for the future or 
which could be construed as a forward-looking statement, must be reviewed in conjunction with 
the risk that the company faces. A detailed disclaimer in this regard has been included in the 
investor presentation that has been shared on both the stock exchanges, that is NSE and BSE. 
 
Now I will hand over the call to our Investor Relations Officer, Mr. Ajesh Pillai for his opening 
remarks. Over to Ajesh ji. 
Ajesh Pillai: 
Good evening, everyone, and a warm welcome to the Quarter 2 Earnings Call of Tatva Chintan 
Pharma Chem Limited. It is my privilege to present our financial results, which we trust you 
have reviewed in detail through the investor presentation available on the stock exchanges. 
Allow me to provide a comprehensive analysis of our performance this quarter. In quarter 2, our 
revenue from operations stood at INR835 million, reflecting a 14% decline year-on-year and 
21% decline quarter-on-quarter. The EBITDA for the quarter was INR56 million, representing 
72% drop year-on-year and a 56% decline quarter-on-quarter. 
 
Looking at our product segments. Our Phase Transfer Catalyst has generated INR275 million in 
revenue, which shows an 8% decline quarter-on-quarter, but a 19% growth year-on-year. The 
Structure Directing Agents, that is SDA, segment reported INR271 million in revenue, marking 
a 23% decline quarter-on-quarter and a 37% drop year-on-year. 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
In the Electrolyte Salts segment, we recorded a revenue of INR30 million, reflecting a 5% 
decline quarter-on-quarter, but an 8% growth year-on-year. Lastly, the Pharma & Agro 
Intermediates and Specialty Chemicals segment achieved INR272 million in revenue, showing 
a 30% decline quarter-on-quarter and a 5% decline year-on-year. 
 
With this overview of our financials, I would now like to hand over the call to our respected 
Managing Director, who will share deeper insights into our business outlook and strategic 
initiatives. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Chintan Shah: 
Good evening, everyone. I hope you all are looking forward to the upcoming Diwali festival and 
eagerly looking forward to your holidays. Wishing you all a joyful and safe Diwali in advance. 
 
Before we dive into the festivities, let me take a few moments of yours to present our business 
outlook and update you on some of the recent developments. The Specialty Chemical industry 
continues to face challenges across major end user sectors. These challenges are arising largely 
from weaker global demand and increased competition from Chinese supplies. 
 
Owing to geopolitical issues, the long transit times is also hurting the industry. But among these 
challenges, we also see some positives like ongoing reduction in freight rates, destocking by 
customers is nearly ending and bottoming of key raw materials, prices is visible. We foresee the 
trend of weaker demand will continue through Q3, as customers are cautious about the inventory 
levels towards the end of their financial year. 
 
We anticipate gradual uptick in demand from Q4 and global demands to improve over the 
coming quarters. Despite the current challenges, I continue to remain genuinely optimistic. We 
have multiple products under commercialization, which will lead to a strong growth. At Tatva 
Chintan, we are confident in our ability to navigate these tough times with resilience while 
continuing to nurture and strengthen our relationships with existing customers and also bringing 
in new products and new customers onboard. 
 
Allow me to provide an overview of developments in each segment of our business. Phase 
Transfer Catalyst. The business of PTCs continues to remain stable. During the quarter under 
review, we have got a large volume product opportunity with a new customer. We have 
completed the development of this new product in R&D, and as we speak today, the piloting of 
the product is ongoing. This is for a new application having ultimate end use in electronics 
industry. We anticipate the commercialization of this opportunity to happen in calendar year 
2026.  
SDAs. Weakening of demand of heavy-duty commercial vehicles is impacting demands of 
SDAs. Such reduction in demand can be evident from the fact that in the month of September, 
sales of commercial vehicles in China were down by about 22% year-on-year. The 
corresponding figures for US were down by 9% from a year ago. Sales of trucks in EU dropped 
by about 5% as compared to the previous year. The market anticipates a turnaround in 
commercial vehicle sales by early to mid-2025. 
 
The commercial supplies to the new customers have begun slowly. Tatva has done a phenomenal 
job in successfully bringing those new customers on board with upcoming implementation of 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Euro-7 norms and anticipated recovery in commercial vehicle sales, we are supremely confident 
of the growth segment -- of a strong growth in this segment. 
 
Electrolyte Salts. Our customer for electrolytes for energy storage devices is in the process of 
stabilizing the newly established product line. The demand from the customer is anticipated to 
show significant growth from early 2025. The qualification process with the customer engaged 
in creating batteries for hybrid vehicles is advancing remarkably well. This encouraging trend 
suggests a strong alignment between our product and the customers' requirements. 
 
The customer is gradually increasing the quantity of material required for their ongoing 
validation process and the anticipated onset of commercialization is from second half of 2025. 
With this anticipated commercialization of both the businesses, we expect the electrolyte 
segment to start reflecting as a reasonable part of the overall revenue from next fiscal year. The 
development work on high-purity electrolytes for the zinc battery is also progressing well. These 
opportunities give us a confidence that we are building a good portfolio of products having 
strong growth potential within this segment. 
 
PASC. We have successfully executed the first commercial order of one of the pharma 
intermediates. The approval of second and that product is also progressing very smoothly. We 
will see gradual uptick in demand in 2025 and getting into full scale demand in 2026. The sample 
of fourth intermediate, the new opportunity, the fourth intermediate is now analytically approved 
by the customer. 
 
The piloting of this multistage chemistry product is scheduled to begin post Diwali about mid-
November and to complete in early January. I'm happy to inform that we received first 
commercial order for the first Agro intermediate to be supplied in Q4. The approval of another 
2 intermediates is also progressing well, and we expect formal approval within Q3 or latest by 
very early Q4. 
 
With the growth - with the expected commercialization of these Agro intermediates, we expect 
a strong revenue growth from these products. Our ability to maintain strong relationships with 
these customers and address their needs through technological and cost-effective innovations 
provides us new development opportunities even during these challenging times. 
 
The trial of Monoglyme is running smoothly on the new pilot CFC equipment. With confidence 
in its performance and the safety measures implemented, we have now placed an order for plant 
scale equipment to ensure smooth production of this product at a larger scale. The anticipated 
installation and commercialization of production will begin by the end of calendar year 2025. 
 
Regarding products with applications in polymers. We have successfully completed planned 
trials for 1 product using electrolysis technology. The outcome of this product is meeting the 
stringent quality requirements of the end use customer. Plant trial for the second product in this 
segment will begin post Diwali, both these products are expected to commercialize within next 
fiscal year. 
 
Flame retardants. Finally, we have some news to share on this segment. One of our large 
customers has finally agreed to a flexible pricing mechanism and placed their first order with us 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
to undertake commercial scale plant approval trials. We expect to ship out this order in Q3. With 
4 products from this segment already in our portfolio, we are confident that we are well 
positioned to capitalize on opportunities once market conditions improve. 
 
Moving ahead, the work of new distillation plant has been completed, further the new plan to 
increase the production capacity now has been approved by the management. Post structured 
design approvals, we expect to break the ground of this new plant by end of November. Our 
success in using electrolysis and continuous flow chemistry has generated a keen interest in the 
target markets, which is getting us new interesting development projects. 
 
We have built a healthy pipeline of products in R&D, which will provide commendable and 
consistent growth over years to come. We have a robust pipeline of products across various 
stages like R&D, pilot level, plant scale and those under approval with customers or recently 
already approved. These products are poised to generate additional revenue beyond the 
company's current turnover. 
 
The recent approvals we have received from various customers highlight the trust they place in 
us and our capabilities. These endorsements are a testament to our team's hardwork and 
dedication, and they provide us with a solid foundation to build upon as we navigate through 
these turbulent times. Our commitment to a customer-centric approach, combined with our 
dedication to innovation, positions us well for strong growth. 
 
We remain steadfast in our principles, ensuring that growth of our investors and stakeholders is 
prioritized as we navigate this period and beyond. Once again, I wish each one of you a very 
happy Diwali and prosperous New Year. Now let me hand over the proceedings to our CFO, 
Mr. Ashok Bothra. Thank you all. 
Ashok Bothra: 
Thank you, sir, and good evening to everyone present on our call today. The financial highlights 
for the current quarter, Q2 FY '25 versus Q2 FY '24 are as below: Revenue from operation of 
INR835 million versus INR967 million in Q2 FY '24. EBITDA of INR56 million versus INR202 
million in Q2 FY '24. EBITDA margin decreased by 14% to 6.7% due to increase in COGS and 
other expenses by 12.6% and 1.6% Y-o-Y respectively. 
 
There is a loss of around INR7 million versus INR78 million profit in Q2 FY '24. PAT margin 
was negative at 0.8% versus 8% in the same period previous year. During Q2 FY '25, exports 
stood at INR508 million, contributing 60% of the revenue. The major countries include USA., 
UK, China, Germany, Japan and South Africa. 
 
The financial highlights for H1 FY 25 versus H1 FY 24 are as below. Revenue from operation 
are at INR1,890 million versus INR2,110 million in H1 FY 24. EBITDA of INR182 million 
versus INR416 million in H1 FY 24. EBITDA margin decreased by 10% to 9.6% in HY FY '25 
due to increase in COGS and other expenses by 7.6% and 1.8%, respectively. 
PAT of INR45 million versus INR173 million in H1 FY '24. PAT margins were at 2.4% versus 
8.2% in same period previous year. That concludes an update on the financial highlights of the 
company. I shall now request the moderator to open the floor for question-and-answer session. 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Aatur from ICICI Prudential AMC. 
Aatur: 
So basically, I just wanted to get your sense in terms of operations, various segments, etc, we 
have been seeing continuous decline. So, just based on your interaction, how worse can things 
get from here? Like even from here, do you think things get materially worse in Q3? Or do you 
think there is no further scope of any material deterioration in terms of operations? 
Chintan Shah: 
Yeah. Let me just first clarify a couple of things. Number one, the revenue, which looks at about 
83.4 crores which earlier in the previous quarter was 105 crores. This 83.4 crore is actually -- 
So, basically what has happened our goods in transit which were in previous quarters. So, quarter 
ending in June, which was at about INR7.1 crores has actually gone to goods in transit is 
currently at INR17.53 crores. 
 
Basically, as you are aware that the transit times have increased drastically because of this rate 
issue, let's say so. So, the longer transit time to US and to Europe is hurting. So, basically, 
typically speaking 3 weeks transit time has on an average increased if we compare an average 
between these 2 routes, which is impacting this change. 
 
So, ideally, we have an additional material worth about INR10.5 crores, which is on transit on 
the way to the customer. So, now this has not been accounted in our sales as we have not yet 
invoiced it to the customer. So, ideally speaking, we have executed orders worth about INR93 
crores, INR94 crores. So, technically speaking, the drop in revenue is not so drastic as it looks 
on these numbers. 
Also, if you see the cost of materials consumed has actually, from the earlier, it was a very -- at 
about 54% levels, I believe, has come down to a range of between about 50% to 51% levels. So, 
the consumption of the high-value inventory is now nearing an end. So, we are seeing the 
improvement and coming back to better margin levels as we proceed from here. 
 
As you asked how bad it looks going further, I would say it looks more or less similar in these 
numbers for the Q3 as we expect. And then as I said in my call, from Q4 onwards, we have 
commercialization of the new products beginning gradually. So, Q4 onwards, we see an uptick 
to the sales. So, Q3 would be more or less similar to the numbers what we look here or maybe a 
little better than this. 
 
And so, I think this is the end of what worst we can see is what we are spending at as of now. 
And now we are absolutely optimistic of gaining from here. Also, we see 2 large products on 
the Agro intermediate sides, which are under promotion which are under validation with the 
customer as of today. We expect them to start commercially probably by February, March or 
latest by Q1 of next financial year. So, this is going to put in a strong growth in terms of revenue 
numbers once this thing starts getting commercialized because these are very large opportunities. 
 
So, potentially 6 opportunities in terms of Agro and pharma intermediates and 2 opportunities 
on the new polymer products. We see commercialization of all these products beginning from 
January until June, is all these things getting into commercialization. So, I think we are leaving 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
the worst times behind us as of today and moving forward into the positive territory from here, 
definitely from December onwards, so from Q4 onwards. 
Aatur: 
And these are, sir, export opportunities? 
Chintan Shah: 
Yes, these are all export opportunities -- all export opportunities. So, the polymer products, what 
we have, they also have potentially a very good market in India. But currently, the customers 
with which we are focusing is primarily on the export market. 
Aatur: 
Sure. And just on SDAs, like you, at last call, helped us understand that there will be some uptick 
in Q3 followed by Q4, but anything that went wrong like in SDA, we saw decline instead of a 
moderate growth kind of scenario? 
Chintan Shah: 
I mean, it could have been nearly at par had good access to the raw material availability. So that 
is one small part, which is still continues to hurt us because of short, what you call a shortage in 
our typical raw material, which is a kind of a by-product for an Agro product. So, because of the 
Agro market being down, so the production of this by-product is also down, resulting in poor 
supply situations, which is causing certain sales still into a daily mode. 
 
But honestly speaking, I would say that demand has actually sink with a sharp shrink in the 
volumes of heavy vehicles. So, the businesses of trucks globally have shown a sharp decline, 
which is leading to this kind of a shrinkage in the demand for the where we have the new demand. 
 
Now as I had said in my earlier calls, if I remember correctly, we have also onboarded two good 
customers having applications on the petrochemical side. So, we are kind of trying to balance 
this temporary phenomena of loss in terms of volumes on the vehicle applications getting 
balanced by the petrochemical side. But of course, it is irreplicable because the sales of SDAs 
on the vehicle application is much larger compared to that on the Petro side. 
 
Now going forward, we have -- as I have said, we have already onboarded very large 3 
interesting customers. We are strongly footed into our existing customers. So, we have now a 
good portfolio of customers on hand to cater to. And with upcoming Euro 7 application, which 
potentially should start commercializing, it is already into a commercialization phase slowly. 
But it should show a real strong foothold of Euro 7 application beginning from nearing mid to 
end of 2025 as it goes actually applicable from 1st January 2027. 
 
So, we see that this is also kind of potentially by Q3, end of Q3, then we should see a systematic 
uptick in terms of volumes coming in and I'm absolutely sure, there's not a single percentage 
point of doubt that this sector will show phenomenal growth in coming years. There is no doubt 
about that. 
Aatur: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chintan Patel from Abans Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead, sir. 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Chintan Patel: 
Sir, in the previous interaction, you have guided the top line growth around 20%- 25% for the 
year. What would be your revised guidance? You are stick with your guidance? 
Chintan Shah: 
So, the numbers reflect H1 should potentially reflect or slightly better in H2. So, there is 
definitely a downward revision in terms of revenue numbers for this current year. But this should 
get compensated definitely in the next financial year. Considering the market conditions remain 
same, but still, we will have a lot of new revenue pipelines coming in. So, considering that 
market continues to remain so bad, still we are adding a lot of new products into 
commercialization. So, this will suffice and definitely fulfil the gap that we see in terms of 
growth. So, these new products in switching and give you a decent growth in the next fiscal year. 
Chintan Patel: 
Okay. And sir, regarding this SDA. So how is the price realization trend and our key Raw 
Material price in last quarter, you have said that it is a bottom level. So see... 
Chintan Shah: 
Yes. So now the prices have very much stabilized and practically not only on the raw materials 
for SDA, but generally speaking, most of the raw materials have kind of stabilized? Or I would 
say right now, they are stable at the bottom level. So, my strong belief is there is no going down 
further from here. The only way it can go is move up. So, they are really at unrealistically low 
levels as of today. Meeting probably records of last 20 years. And there are no further 
possibilities of any further reduction. It has to go up from here. 
Chintan Patel: 
Okay, understood. And for the new distillation plant, what kind of the capex required? 
Chintan Shah: 
The estimated capex is at about INR104 crores, INR105 crores. So, we were planning at INR70 
crores, but then we went in to utilize the maximum available plot area so that we don't have to 
end up into a next phase of construction because this is the last plot available on this side, on the 
existing, Dahej Site. So, we went up with whatever maximum is possible, and this leads to 
roughly about that capex and this particular plant at about INR105 crores. 
Chintan Patel: 
INR105 crores, Okay. And the last one, just a need of clarification that the trial is ongoing on a 
Monoglyme and this Monoglyme will commercialize end of the calendar year '25? That is right? 
Chintan Shah: 
Right now, we are successfully piloting at a 10 kg catalyst level. We have our equipment for 100 
kg catalyst levels ready, except for 1 cooling system is missing, which is expected to be delivered 
roughly in the beginning of January. So as soon as we receive this cooling system from 10 kg 
catalyst scale, we'll moved to the 100 kg catalyst scale. And we have already placed order for 
our final equipment with 1,000 kg catalyst capacity. So that we expect delivery somewhere by 
about June of next year and then commercialization of that equipment. 
Chintan Patel: 
And what is the market size for the Monoglyme. 
Chintan Shah: 
So, the equipment which we are installing will have a capability to produce roughly about 2,000 
metric tons. So, this is valued at about -- roughly at about $4 a kg. 
Chintan Patel: 
Okay. And what is the market size globally? 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Chintan Shah: 
I estimate roughly at about 12,000 to 15,000 metric tons a year. So, this has multiple application 
areas. One is into the pharmaceutical application where it is being used as a solvent, and it also 
has applications into your batteries, lithium batteries where it is used as a blending solvent within 
the electrolyte system. 
Chintan Patel: 
And sir, several players are now setting-up their electrolyte plants or electrolyte source. How do 
you see the industry in the electrolyte source and how the competition is shaping out in this 
industry? 
Chintan Shah: 
So, most of the announcement, what we hear as coming in from the Indian players, are all 
involved with the lithium battery. So, the place where we are involved is definitely absolutely 
nowhere close to the lithium battery application. We are into the super capacitor batteries and 
the zinc battery application. So here, we don't see any competition in both of these two segments 
within India. So, we have two prominent competitors coming in from China. And we are the 
only player coming in from India. So practically speaking three large supplies where we are one 
of them. 
Chintan Patel: 
Okay. Understood. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirali Gopani from Unique PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Nirali Gopani: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Chintan, I have just one clarification on the numbers that 
you gave. So, if I -- just for the goods in transit of worth of INR10 crores for the quarter, then 
ideally, we are here at a very good margin for the quarter. Is that understanding right? 
Chintan Shah: 
See basically we have additional goods in transit compared to previous quarter at INR10.5 
crores, the cost of this material. So, the cost of products in this material is already being reflected 
in these numbers. So, estimating, let us say, it is holding the similar cost of material consumed 
at about 51%, then technically we are looking at an additional EBITDA of about INR5.25 crores.  
Nirali Gopani: 
Sir, the question that I'm asking is that we have recorded the cost for this good in transit which 
are worth of additional -- so I just have to add that much to the revenue and I don't have to add 
anything to the cost, right? 
Chintan Shah: 
Not only the revenue. Cost of material has because this material right now is on our books as 
technically as an inventory as finished goods. So basically, it inflates the inventory. So, it has 
consumed all the costs. So raw material cost is still not consumed. So theoretically if it is INR10 
crores of goods in transit, we are looking at INR5 crores to be -- yet to be booked in the books 
as profit rough number. 
Nirali Gopani: 
And second on this SDA part so the fall that we have seen Y-o-Y and Q-o-Q is basically all 
volume decline and no price decline or there is a further price decline also? 
Chintan Shah: 
No, now prices have absolutely stabilized. And honestly speaking, I don't see any further -- 
potential of any further price decline. There should be an uptick from here because absolutely, 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
these prices are unrealistically low. So unbelievably low pricing of raw materials which just 
doesn't even justify -- potentially doesn't even justify the raw material cost. 
 
Because as you know one of the key SDA for that we have backward integrated to even go to 
produce the raw material, to give a security of supply to the customer. And that is how we 
onboarded one of the largest customers this year with this argument. So, we know what is the 
cost of production and we feel there is no sense in making this product. It is available cheaper 
compared to our raw material cost. It is available much cheaper as we import the product. So 
that is the situation. 
Nirali Gopani: 
And the capex number that you gave worth of INR100 crores. So that will be incurred in this 
year or that is for the plant which is going to be operational in the month of October like in the 
current month that... 
Chintan Shah: 
No, no. So, we are breaking ground for this plant. So, we will start construction post Diwali and 
this will become operational after 1 year, so November of next year. November of 2025. 
Basically, we are gearing up for -- so we have these two larges I mean two large Agro products 
in the qualification and currently we can only make certain volumes so that we will continue to 
make in our existing facilities in next financial year. But the potential of that product is even 
further higher. So that is the reason why we are kick starting to build this plant considering the 
size and the volume of that facility. 
Nirali Gopani: 
Right. And according to you, if the revenue picks up in, let's say, fourth quarter we should see 
some margin improvement going ahead? 
Chintan Shah: 
Fourth quarter will not be a very strong improvement in terms of revenue. But definitely from 
Q1, it will -- so fourth quarter -- ending the fourth quarter we should see some commercialization 
of this product. And, of course, a smoother or a regular commercialization or if you say a full 
quarter reflection of these new products should be visible in Q1 of next year. 
Nirali Gopani: 
Okay. Fair enough. That’s it from my side. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Good evening, sir. Thanks for taking my questions. First, just wanted to understand last 2 years 
has been where we have struggled and we haven't seen any material commercialization of the 
new products or any material addition to the revenue from the new product. Now we are very 
confident that CY '25 will be first year we will see commercialization and hence our revenue 
growth and we are also committing the capex. Even in the previous cycle, we committed another 
INR250 crores of capex and the results haven't been any heartening for last 1.5 years. What gives 
you confidence that the things will turn around very sharply in CY '25? 
Chintan Shah: 
Sanjesh, typically we are talking of 8 products successfully done on R&D scale, successfully 
run on pilot scale approved by the customers. Most of these products, I believe about 5 products 
already run on plant scale approved by the customer. Two products produced at plant scale under 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
approval with the customer and 2 products currently running success, so approved by at pilot 
scale, but running successfully on plant and now going to be delivered to customers for approval. 
 
So, none of the things are like ifs and buts. So, most of the things are either already approved at 
the plant scale or they're approved at pilot scale and under evaluation of the plant scale material 
or currently being produced at our plant scale. So, considering the quantum that we are looking 
at as forecasted. Of course, I can understand considering the Agro market as of today. There 
could be a potential up and down in terms of volumes, what the customer commit maybe 20%, 
30% lower than that may end up.  
But eventually, this is the kind of volumes we are looking at a simultaneous commercialization 
of 7 to 8 different products in different segments, Pharma, Agro and Polymer. So, we will meet 
the space to produce, otherwise this doesn't at all make any sense if we are not able to fulfil the 
customers. And each of these products is coming in with something or the other which is having 
its own specialty in terms of technology.  
So, it is very important for us to even demonstrate the capabilities going on a commercial scale 
with these products and these new technologies. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Fair enough. Would it also mean that we overestimated the approval process or we didn't realize 
it will take longer than what we thought in terms of bringing this product because we have been 
talking about this product now for almost 18 months. And we also commercialized this entire 
new plant in Dahej in the month of April which is already 9 months into the operation. Were we 
-- did we go wrong in the timing estimates of the product? 
Chintan Shah: 
We didn't go wrong in timing estimate of the product. Where we got wrong is we could not 
estimate that the markets would go into such a direction. And unfortunately, for us, I'm not just 
talking generally about the chemical industry. I'm particularly -- in particular talking about Tatva 
Chintan. So, if you see, from where we theoretically generate maximum revenues from this 
segment:  
One is the automotive segment from which we have our SDA revenue coming in, we have the 
Agro segment from where we have a lot of revenues coming from the -- for the phase transfer 
catalyst as well as for the PASC segment and the third potential of large revenue is our business 
with the polymer customers. And unfortunately, in the last 2 years, all these three segments have 
been performing really, I would say -- I mean, on the global market. Indian markets have 
performed a little differently.  
But on a global scale or the large innovators, I would say, because we are working -- our 
customer base is mainly the large customers, large energy companies. And these have been 
definitely struggling in terms of -- see real competition from the Chinese supply is not directly 
a competition with Tatva Chintan. 
 
But these Chinese supply competition is actually directly with our customers. So -- and they 
have been struggling a bit in certain products and demand which has hurt us in the last two years. 
It is not that we have gone or estimated wrong but the kind of market that has evolved in the last 
two years and predominantly we see that automotive, Agro and polymers, all three have suffered 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
in the last 1.5, 2 years, and that is what is abnormally showing a deep reflection on our numbers 
for growth as well. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. Got it. To follow up on the new products, what we have spoken about. First, on the Agro 
side, 3 products; and pharma side, 3 products. Have we received the POs and if so, what is the 
opportunity you see immediately and for next 3 years? 
Chintan Shah: 
Immediate opportunity, if we're talking about this financial year, this is not really big because 
these are just onset of 1 pharma product, we have executed order of roughly, I believe, about 
INR8 crores and we expect INR6 crores to INR8 crores revenue coming from that potentially in 
the first quarter as well. In terms of Agro, the first product, which is commercializing and we 
have to make supplies in Q4, so January to March quarter. So, it is roughly at about INR8 crores, 
INR7.5 crores to INR8 crores of execution happening in the Q4 of this fiscal year. 
But if you say a composite, what we look at 3 pharma and 3 Agro products put together having 
revenue, I would say close to at a lower scale, estimate between INR80 crores to INR100 crores 
in terms of revenue for next fiscal and potentially doubling that between INR200 crores to 
INR250 crores of revenue potential going in the next financial year, so FY’27. 
This is the size of opportunity which we are looking at with the customers that are committing. 
Let us see how things evolve from here. But I'm pretty confident this has to move on. These are 
existing products for the customer, where we are bringing in value to them in terms of putting 
this product to new technologies or bringing cost benefits to them by using a different technology 
than the conventional one. So, it's a win-win situation for us as well as for the customers. So, 
there is no way things performed well, the products performed well on this plant side and they're 
going to get validated. There is no reason why customers should not buy from us. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. And when you say this INR80 to INR100 next financial year and INR200 to INR250, 
you are talking about all the pharma and Agro put together? 
Chintan Shah: 
And now I'm trying to be very conservative in the way we have been talking and things have 
been evolving in the last few quarters. I'm trying to be very conservative in what I'm saying. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. And on the last question, on the electrolyte side, you mentioned that your customer is 
stabilizing the plant. So how does that segment which has been subscale for us, how is it turning 
in next fiscal year? 
Chintan Shah: 
So, we have already started initiated commercial discussions with this customer, and we expect 
to conclude this probably during Diwali time or potentially by mid of November, this will get 
concluded and this is definitely a very exciting opportunity for the product we have been 
supplying on smaller scales than they are using different technologies in production, and now 
they are advancing their production capabilities. So, with this, the volume, what their demanding 
is going up significantly higher. So, we estimate a few million dollars in terms of revenue coming 
from this segment. USD2 million to USD5 million in terms of revenue, we expect to come from 
this segment. 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. And our cost base should not grow exponentially, right? Because the plant is fully 
commercial so a significant portion of the gross profit should move to EBITDA and PBT? 
Chintan Shah: 
Exactly. See, basically, if you see the numbers of this quarter, so I would say, I mean, this is a 
very negligible EBITDA, I would say. But this is theoretically, at these revenue numbers, we 
are consuming all the costs. So, anything going up from here, we don't require more manpower 
to handle this. We don't require additional power to go on from here. Everything is running 
smoothly at this cost level. So, except for the direct cost, in terms of freight or packaging besides 
the raw material, so theoretically, when you are increasing the revenue from here, you are 
directly hitting the EBITDA numbers. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Great, Chintan bhai, thanks for answering all those questions patiently and best of luck for the 
coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. Please go ahead 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, first question is for the current set of products that we are 
manufacturing, what would be the overall size of the market? And what is our market share? 
And based on your understanding, what could be the growth rate? And second, aligned question 
to that is the new products, which are currently in pipeline and which will get commercialized 
over the next maybe 2, 3 quarters, what is the potential size of that market? And what is the 
market share that we are targeting in a particular time frame? 
Chintan Shah: 
In terms of segments, if we say we can define this, the question only for 3 segments, which is 
based on for catalyst, where we believe in terms of export market, we handle roughly about 25% 
to 30% of the volumes. So that is the market size, what we foresee. In terms of SDAs, we 
typically are at about 12% to 15% in terms of market share. Probably between 15%, 16% is my 
estimation, right? 
So, there are no definitive numbers by which I can very strongly say, but this is a very fair 
estimation based on our market information or market intelligence. So, we are at roughly about 
15% and market size is nearly 7x of what we are catering to. And this market size is going to 
even get bigger by nearly 50% once the Euro 7 kicks in. 
So, we still have a very decent opportunity of growth in this segment. And in terms of 
electrolytes for super capacitors and the zinc batteries or the energy storage devices, practically, 
we are hardly selling anything. So, all these are into conceptual stage. And now one of our key 
customers is commercializing with very immediate effect is going into commercialization. 
And we are already expecting few million dollars in terms of revenue coming from one single 
customer on this. And this customer is expecting what they are forecasting. I'm not sure whether 
how far they will perform or not, but what they are estimating in front of us is 4x of today's 
number within next 4 years. So, something which is not absorbable, but these are the kind of 
forecast that they are giving me. 
So that is the market potential coming in from the energy storage system. And this I'm talking 
for one single customer. We are already working with another customer where our product is 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
now fully up, too. But still, commercialization is not visible, probably by end of 2025, what I'm 
expecting something to start to move in that area. 
And in terms of super capacitors, now these things are into commercialization phase. So, our 
key customers, the largest customer, with which we are working right now is having this 
application into automotive battery. So, it's kind of an ancillary battery along with the lithium 
battery for the electric vehicle. So, see the concept, how it works is the super-capacitor batteries 
get recharged when you apply breaks. And then this recharge continuously being recharged 
batteries constantly deliver energy to the lithium battery, so as to tap up the number of hours for 
which it can operate efficiently. So, increasing the performance of the lithium battery is actually 
the function of the super capacitor battery. So that is how the hybrid concept is coming in. 
Now if you know there are also certain concepts of hybrid cars, where they say, you don't have 
to connect it to power. So, these are auto-chargeable hybrid vehicles is what is the new concept 
coming in. So, it is nothing but having an application for super-capacitor batteries where the 
kinetic energy generated during the breaking, keeps on charging the other battery, whether it be 
your lead battery or whether it be lithium battery or any form of battery. 
It keeps on recharging the battery. It's continuous. So now this is a very interesting application. 
I don't have the potential numbers. Again, what the customers forecast is very difficult to digest, 
but this is again running into a few million dollars of opportunity for us from this single customer 
in this particular application area. 
Now talking in terms of pharma or Agro intermediates, we are looking at one or two potential 
customers of particular products which we have developed for them. I mean it's a generally 
available product, but we have developed using either electrolytic technology or we are 
developing our own catalyst product, to run the continuous flow chemistry. And looking at this 
potential, as I said, we are looking at an opportunity between INR200 crores, INR300 crores in 
in terms of revenue. 
And this, we are looking at only one or two customers for each of the product. The market is 
wide open, applications are really big, and these are very commonly being used Agrochemicals, 
produced by number of players. Now because a lot of them have already been off-patented, so 
there's a large market potential to cater to. But right now, we are only focusing and working and 
getting validated for particular customers, which are already our existing customers for different 
other products. 
Polymers as you know, we have catalyst for polymerization as a part of our PASC business. 
Then we have these different segments, which we call brominated flame retardants, where we 
work with, again, the polymer customers. And now we have these new products in the polymers, 
a different type of catalyst for the polymers. And this is, again, a very big segment turning into 
few thousand tons, but right now, we are just focusing at 500 to 1,000 tons in terms of volumes 
to cater to. This is, again, another product area where you can see a very large demand potential. 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
But that's not what we are forecasting or that's not what we are focusing right now on. Right 
now, we are just working with one particular customer asking for a few hundred tons of this 
product. And then this is replicable and reproducible for other customers as well. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the elaborate answer. The second question is the upcoming capex that you talked 
about. Once this particular leg of capex is done, what is the next cycle of capex that will start 
kicking? I mean, just to understand whether this capex will be sufficient for the next 2, 3 years 
before we go on for the next leg of capex? 
Chintan Shah: 
No, no. So, this capex is being done at our existing site at Dahej SEZ. And we have one other 
piece of land exactly similar in terms of size of our Dahej plant. So, this is in a normal tariff 
area. So, it's not in an SEZ, but it's in a domestic tariff area, but within the Dahej industrial area. 
So, this is where we intend to. So, we have already started doing master planning and designing 
activities for that part. So, as we see the markets to improve and as this commercialization, we 
see a success is setting in, and I'm pretty sure we are going to run out of capacity within next 1, 
1.5 years, even from the new capex what we are intending to do. 
 
So, we will not wait for things to turn around. Potentially, within next 6 to 8 months, we'll have 
to open up the construction for the new site as well. And that is where we are looking at a capex 
of about INR200 crores to begin with as a part development of the project. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Krishan Parwani from JM Financial. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Just one clarification from my side. I think you mentioned that the flame retardants category is 
seeing good traction from the customer. So, what has changed given we see that the bromine 
prices continue to remain subdued? And that's part one of the question. And the second part is, 
from where would you procure bromine? Would you be procuring domestically or would you 
be importing the same? Thank you. 
Chintan Shah: 
Krishan, we have been -- so this is our first target customer with which we have been talking 
since last 2, 3 years. And it's a very large global multinational customer based in Europe. So that 
is where we are going to take it to the demand. So finally, after a lot of convincing we agreed on 
a cost plus basis. So, we have fixed up a pricing mechanism. So irrespective of where the market 
price is, because realistically speaking, today, the level at which the market price is, is absolutely 
an unrealistic, unviable option to even think of producing these items. It is so low. 
 
So, considering the raw material prices, it is absolutely unviable to even think of producing these 
flame retardants right now. But what we have now been successful in negotiating with this 
customer is on a cost plus basis. So, this is the price of X raw material. This is the price of 
bromine. And then this is my conversion cost and margin on which we will sell. So as the pricing 
changes, plus or minus, the price of the product keeps on changing. So that is how -- we intended 
always to do it that way because of the fluctuations and the situation or a severe terrific 
competition or drop in prices. 
 
And now finally, after 2, 3 years, customer has agreed to induct us as -- potentially, I feel what 
has changed I feel is the geopolitical situation within the Israel area, Israel-Jordan area which is 
actually the key producer of bromine and brominated flame retardant production is highest 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
within that geography, probably. This is just my assumption. I'm not sure whether that is really 
impacting, which has pushed the customer to talk to us.  
But eventually, after so many years or so, we have been successful in convincing the customer 
to go on a cost plus basis. So, we don't intend to make abnormally high profit margins. If the 
markets turn around, things may look differently. But this is a much safer way to start 
commercialization, at least to start commercialization of the end customer. 
Krishan Parwani: 
So, the margins would be lower than the current company margins probably, or how would that 
be? 
Chintan Shah: 
These are like more similar on lithium. So, this would be definitely a lesser margin even than 
the PTC, but not too bad. Considering the plant is getting occupied, your overheads are being 
absorbed. So, this is definitely a doable thing. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Okay. And I think -- sorry, just one clarification on the point that you mentioned that probably 
Israel-Jordan situation is helping us. But I think one of the bromine producers, they mentioned 
that they have not seen any benefit from that situation in Israel. So, I was just wondering where 
is the disconnect or what are we missing here? 
Chintan Shah: 
I said I'm just assuming. Logically, I think that could be a matter of concern for the customer, 
whether it is really not impacting the market, that may be true. But probably that has impacted 
the psychology, the way the customer thinks. So, potentially, that is the reason why they might 
have come to us, that we have access to bromine in India. We can produce it in India and we can 
export it to Europe, not having any kind of a traction between the conflicted area. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Ashok Bothra sir for closing comments. Please go ahead, sir. 
Ashok Bothra: 
Thank you. On behalf of management of Tatva Chintan, thank you for joining us on our earnings 
call today. We hope we have been able to address majority of your queries. You may reach out 
to Mr. Ajesh Pillai or our Investor Relations partner, EY, for any further queries that you may 
have, and they would connect with you offline. Once again on behalf of the Tatva family, we 
wish a Happy Diwali to all of you. Thank you, Mr. Sanjesh Jain, for hosting our call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
