 
 
Date: November 04, 2024 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
To, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
 
Exchange plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Dalal Street  
 
 
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, 
Mumbai - 400001 
 
 
 
Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip Code: 543333  
 
 
Scrip Symbol: CARTRADE 
 ISIN: INE290S01011 
 
Ref:   Regulation 30 read with Schedule III Part A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
  
Sub: Transcript of the CarTrade Tech Limited Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call held 
on Monday, October 28, 2024 
  
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
  
With reference to our letter dated October 22, 2024 intimating about the Analyst / Investor 
Call with Analysts/Investors, please find enclosed the transcript of the CarTrade Tech Limited 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call held on Monday, October 28, 2024.   
  
The above information shall also be available on the website of the Company: 
www.cartradetech.com.   
  
  
This is for your information & record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
For CarTrade Tech Limited 
 
 
 
______________________________________ 
Lalbahadur Pal 
Company Secretary and Compliance officer 
Mem. No. A40812  
 
Enclose: a/a 
 
LAL BAHADUR 
DEEPNARAYA
N PAL
Digitally signed 
by LAL BAHADUR 
DEEPNARAYAN 
PAL

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“CarTrade Tech Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 28, 2024 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VINAY SANGHI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – CARTRADE TECH LIMITED 
 
SGA, INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISOR – CARTRADE 
TECH LIMITED 
 
 
 
E&OE: This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on October 28 2024, will 
prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
CarTrade Tech Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to CarTrade Tech Limited Q2 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date 
of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performances and involves risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant line will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vinay Sanghi, Chairman and Managing Director of 
CarTrade Tech Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody, and welcome to CarTrade's Q2 earnings call. I want to 
-- of course, we've uploaded our presentation and the financials for all of you to see in advance. 
I just want to start off with saying that it's been a good quarter for the company. In this quarter, 
we achieved the highest ever revenue and profit before tax in any quarter.. 
We're the number one automotive platform in India across use classifieds, horizontal classifieds 
and of course, vehicle auctions. We received almost 77 million monthly active users on -- across 
all our platforms, CarWale, BikeWale, OLX, etcetera. We -- I think what is more remarkable 
that drives the performance of the company, 95% of these users come through organic sources, 
which means we don't pay for these users to come on to the platform. 
 
We are now covering almost 450-plus physical locations. The auction at a rate of 1.4 million 
vehicles a year. Revenue for the quarter is at INR172 crores, which is highest, as I said, adjusted 
EBITDA is at INR57 crores, INR56.8 crores is also our highest ever. Profit after tax is almost 
INR31 crores. And as you know, we have a strong cash balance debt free with about INR832 
crores of surplus cash. 
 
If you go to our consolidated results, which is on Page 6. As I said, our revenue is INR172 crores. 
Revenue has grown by 27% in Q2 over last year. Half yearly revenues at INR328 crores, which 
has grown by 35% year-on-year. So the 6-month results showing a 35% growth in revenue. 
 
You see our margins, our EBITDA margin, EBITDA is up at INR32.7 crores for the quarter and 
EBITDA margin jumped from 15% last quarter to 21%, which shows the leverage in the 
business. When increase in revenue, what we able to demonstrate an improvement in our 
operating and EBITDA margins. As you can see, even the EBITDA is up from 21.5 last quarter, 
which is almost a 50% jump in EBITDA quarter-on-quarter, 54% jump from last year. And half 
yearly EBITDA jumped 104%, INR54.8 crores consolidated from INR26.65 crores last year. 
And therefore, you see the margin gone up 11% to 17% half yearly. 

 
 
CarTrade Tech Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
PBT is up by 44% to INR37.14 crores for the quarter and INR61.29 crores for 6 months at 48% 
half yearly from last year. And that's what showed the leverage of the business, a 35% increase 
in revenues resulting in a 48% growth in the profit before tax. PAT for the year -- for the quarter 
first time the INR30.72 crores, which is up 500% from last year and 53.62 half yearly which is 
up 189% from last year, INR18.55 crores. So generally, you've seen a very strong set of revenue 
and profit growth with increase in margins across all periods. 
 
If you look at adjusted EBITDA, which is just removing the ESOP cost and adding the interest 
income, it's at all time high of INR56.81 crores, up from INR42.8 crores last quarter and 37% 
year-on-year growth and almost INR100 crores for the 6 months ended, which is up 38% from 
last year. 
 
So this is on the consolidated results. We got the stand-alone results, which is for the consumer 
group contains CarWale, BikeWale, some of these brands. Revenue was up -- operating revenue 
is up 23%, which is INR55.62 crores. Other income is down because of the acquisition of OLX 
last year, our cash balances have gone down, and therefore, see a slight dip in interest income, 
but operating revenue is up 23% for the quarter, 20% 6 months INR106 crores. 
 
It's been a strong quarter performance of the Consumer Group. I think the highest ever revenue 
in any quarter. You see the employee costs and other costs well in control now, which shows the 
operating leverage even though the revenue is up quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year. You see 
the actual costs, overall expenses are flat or close to flat, which is really resulting in the massive 
464% growth Q-on-Q on EBITDA and last year 73 lakhs becoming INR18.4 crores of EBITDA 
in the first 6 months here. So massive growth in both EBITDA over the small increase in revenue 
increases in revenues. PBT, again, is showing a 71% up to INR19 crores and half yearly up at 
30% to INR32 crores. 
 
When you look at profit after tax, INR15.75 crores versus INR12 crores last quarter and INR10 
crores last year was up by 55% and INR28 crores for the 6 months on the stand-alone side, it's 
up by 27%. 
 
So you see a strong operating performance here, slightly lower other income just because of the 
reduction in cash balances due to the acquisition of OLX. But overall, again, very, very strong 
operating metrics being reported in the stand-alone results. When you look at the remarketing 
result, which is on Page 8, you had a modest growth of about 3% and 57.24 and 3% for the year 
at 105.84. But we've kept our expenses under control, and there's been slight cost reduction, 
which has resulted in a 34% growth in profit before tax at INR10.26 crores and INR14 crores 
for the half yearly, which is up by 29% to last year. 
 
PAT is also up 32% at INR7.59 crores and INR10 crores for the 6 months ended at 26% up from 
the last year. So generally a strong financial performance. We like the revenue growth to be  
stronger, but the financial performance has been quite strong even in Shriram AutoMall and the 
Remarketing Group. 
 
When you look at the OLX results, which is on Page 9. OLX, obviously, there's a growth over 
the previous quarter from 49.48 from 48.23. It is difficult to compare over last year just because 

 
 
CarTrade Tech Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
only 2 months of operation during the first half of last year. But at 6 months now, we've achieved 
97.72 crores revenue for the 6 months ended September '24. EBITDA is up at Q-on-Q from 
INR8.05 crores to INR8.55 crores and half yearly is now at INR16.6 crores. I see a small 
improvement margin from 17% to 18% quarter-on-quarter and PBT is up as well. PAT is slightly 
down, and that's partly only because of tax incurred on other income on some of our interest 
income we incurred some tax, and that's why the PAT is slightly lower than the previous quarter. 
 
But generally, operations are stable. We feel it's a reasonably strong financial performance. 
Revenue growth is something we feel we'll achieve a stronger revenue growth something we'll 
achieve in the coming quarters, but generally a strong, stable performance from OLX as well. 
This is a good summary of the consolidated and subsidiary accounts in finance and operating 
metrics. I'd be happy to take questions now from each one of you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much sir. We will now begin question and answer, anyone wishes to ask the 
question, may press star and zero on your touchtone phone, if you wish to remove your self from 
question, may press star and two, participates are request to use handset while asking the 
question. Ladies and gentlemen we will wait for moment once the question assemble. We have 
the first question from the line of Siddhartha Bera from Nomura. Please go ahead.  
Siddhartha Bera: 
Hi sir, congrats on a good set of results and Happy Diwali greetings to the entire team. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Happy Diwali. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sir, first question I have on the OLX business. So if you see the ramp up, now it's been like close 
to 1 year, we have this business, we are operating and running this. How do you think has been 
the performance? Is many of the improvement still yet to play out? Or do you think it is taking 
longer? If you can guide us about how to look at the revenue scale up in the OLX business and 
some more color about which are these segments? Any mix or any more data, if you can share 
in terms of OLX? How the business is changing or what are we doing here to sort of scale up 
the revenues it will be helpful. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Well I think Happy Diwali to you that's first. The second thing is we've over the last been about 
11 months to the end of September, for the -- from the acquisition of OLX, I mean, sorry, 13 
months or so and obviously, the 10 in those first 13 months was around stability of technology 
platforms, teams, recruiting all the product technology teams, moving all of this technology and 
product to our own environment, stabilization and growth traffic, consumer traffic, processes 
and sales, etcetera, etcetera. 
And the segments are pretty much the same. It's 45% of it is auto, used cars and used 2-wheelers 
and the rest is non-auto, which is like the real estate jobs, electronics, mobile, etcetera, etcetera. 
We've obviously -- there has been revenue growth in the last 13 months of operation during this 
period. And we feel a lot of the things we've done and a lot of the foundation we've laid the 
significant part of that growth will come in the future. 
When you take over a business, I think you'll have a foundation where over the next 5 to 10 
years, you can see that growth. So some of it started to play out. Obviously, the auto side is 

 
 
CarTrade Tech Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
something we were more comfortable with and obviously, a lot of the initiatives we launched in 
the automotive side first. 
But now we are also working heavily on the non-automotive side, which is other segments of 
real estate mobiles and jobs, etcetera, etcetera. And we do feel in the coming quarters, we'll start 
seeing a more -- a stronger growth in revenue, I would say, across various sectors, which we're 
working on there. 
So we feel very confident about that. We also feel very confident about the quality of traffic and 
users and the brand of OLX, right? I mean almost 30 million people a month, some every month. 
And as you know, we spend no advertising in OLX, which just shows the affinity of the brand, 
right? It's one of the leading -- or probably the leading used product platform in the country 
where people can come in and sell their products or buy use products, right? 
So we feel of the initiatives we're taking will -- a lot of the growth, which is -- will show in the 
next few quarters by the initiatives we've taken in the last 13 months. But when we took the 
business, it's important to bring full stability and transfer of technology and product to our 
environment first. 
So that's what we did. And what we feel now we are actually working on the business very hard 
on various aspects of sales processes. And other things to make sure or to -- and a strong 
foundation for growth in the future quarters coming ahead. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it, sir. Sir, second question is on the consumer business, where we did see a very good 
growth sort of playing out. Here, again, if you can throw some light about how is the mix 
between OE and new and used car and where is basically the stronger traction if you are seeing 
any particular segment worth highlighting? 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Here, the consumer group is mostly 85% new vehicles, right, as you know. And there itself, the 
car industry has been at a very modest 2%, 3% growth in the first 6 months of the year. In fact, 
in the last 2, 3 months, it's been de-gegrowing. And the 2-wheeler industrial had a robust growth 
of 18%, 19% for 6 months, as the industry has been. 
We've actually seen growth across segments across all new and used segments. I feel one of the 
-- even though the industry of car growth -- the growth in the car industry only 2%, 3%, it is still 
at a high base of last year, and that's helped us as well. So we feel good about the car industry, 
whether the 2-wheel industry and the used car industry the way they stand. 
Some of the results have come in the first 6 months, and we just hope and we think that some of 
this will play out still in the 2, 3 quarters coming. So it's been a reasonably strong performance 
from the consumer Group, both on the car side, bike side, even us both, I think. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it. Sir, lastly, on this auction business, now volume seems to have gone up quite a bit 
compared to last quarter or year in the current quarter. So are we looking at any signs of 
turnaround in this business also as we enter the second half of the year? Or do you think this 
business also may take still longer for some of the recovery to play out? 

 
 
CarTrade Tech Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Do you think that this -- it definitely seems to have bottomed out the reposition cycle, right? It 
doesn't seem to be getting -- it seems to have bottomed out. We do feel confident that this 
business now seems to be getting better. And of course, the other segments when we position 
have gone down, we've built other segments, which are also helping at this point of time. 
So it's a mixture level of cost control a little bit of revenue growth, but we do feel that in the next 
couple of quarters, SAMIL should deliver a reasonable performance. And it's hard for us to right 
now say with the repossession in banks and NBFCs are getting stronger or not. I mean if it is 
early to say that, but we do feel it's bottomed up, that's for sure. 
Siddhartha Bera:  
Got it, sir. Thanks a lot. I’ll come back in the queue. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
 
Thanks Siddhartha. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much sir. The next question is from the line of Ankit K from Smartsync. Please 
go ahead. 
Ankit K: 
Thank you for taking my question. And congratulations on the good set of numbers. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Thank you, Ankit. 
Ankit K: 
So my first question is related to all the 3 segments, actually. So if I look at the segmental 
revenues, coincidently, all 3 businesses are having roughly the quarterly revenue run rate of 
INR50 crores today. And -- but when you look at the life cycle of all the 3 businesses, probably 
all 3 are completely different in their life cycle revenue. 
So I just wanted to know from our side, I'm not looking for any guidance, but just directionally, 
how do you see these business -- these 3 businesses to distinctly different kind of businesses 
growing or going from here over the next, say, 3 to 5 years? Qualitatively speaking, I'm not 
talking relatively any numbers per say, but how do you see the…? 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Thanks for the question. I think the first part is because the consumer group, which is CarWale, 
BikeWale. It's 85% new vehicles, right, which is cars and 2-wheelers. And obviously, we feel 
with the car industry, India is the largest in market in the world, right? It is also top 5 car markets 
of the world. And naturally, for countries to grow, when you look at the penetration of cars in 
India, if you're going to be at 30 or 40 or 1,000, the penetration is extremely low. 
So you do feel over a long period of time, 3 to 5 years what you've asked, the car industry will 
grow and the 2-wheeler industry will continue to grow with personal mobility on the rise. And 
therefore, we feel very strongly on the health of the consumer group by itself, which is 85% 
dependent on new vehicles, right? 
We also feel for us if you have seen 2, 3 years ago, it is harder because when there was a 
semiconductor issue and other supply chain issues in the automotive industry, and demand was  
more than supply, it affected us because you stopped manufacturers and dealer from advertising 
on our platform because they didn't need to. 

 
 
CarTrade Tech Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
They were sold out because of just the availability of vehicles is low. Then availability is high, 
which is what the situation is today, where supply is more than demand, it's a little more 
favourable for the company, and we do see a strong demand cycle for the next 3 to 5 years in 
the automotive industry, but you also see supply being available. 
And therefore, we feel very confident about the consumer group by itself over a 3 to 5 period. 
And obviously, what our attempt is not only is to go, as we said earlier, in CarWale or in 
BikeWale too not to move from a situation or go deeper into our transactions with our 
manufacturers and dealers. 
And for our customers who will not even be able to find their car, select their cars, connect to a 
dealer online, but also borrowed by cars online. So we're moving and building technology and 
going deeper and deeper with the process for all our customers and dealers and manufacturers. 
So that should we feel confident about that. On the Shriram AutoMall, in the last 1.5 years, the  
repossession of vehicles coming down and supply to us coming down from that source. We had 
built a whole retail segment, which is almost 40% of our business today. 
 
So obviously, we believe optimistic about growing the retail side of the business. But we also 
believe in times to come, it financing went up demand for vehicles going up, new vehicles, the 
repossession will also grow. And obviously, in the next 3 to 5 years, we feel got both the retail 
and the repossession market will grow and Shriram AutoMall will be a  strong player will be a 
big beneficiary. So, we feel confident about that. 
 
And then the third is OLX where the TAM of the business we operate in is limitless, right? It is 
basically handles all used products in India. It's the number one or leading place where any 
consumer can sell a used product or buy or used product. So, we obviously feel that TAM in 
India is just, as I said, limitless cant quote a  number even. We have a large set of Indian 
consumers, who -- I mean, as some of the data we've shared before, more than 30 million users 
a month come on OLX to sell a product or to buy a product, used product. And we have 
obviously a significant leadership here. 
 
So, there's limitless growth opportunities here, whether it's used cars, whether it's used bikes, 
whether it's used mobile phones or good household goods, like furniture, etcetera, etcetera, or 
even homes. And we feel very confident about OLX's future here as well over the next 3 to 5 
years. So, on the whole across all 3 businesses, we see tremendous amount of levers to grow. I 
think one thing I would add here, as you might know, that -- and we've demonstrated successfully 
over the last 5, 6 quarters, is that every increase in revenue in this company, the results in a very 
strong profit growth. 
 
We have a lot of levers in our business as normally when our revenues go up, only a small 
amount of manpower cost goes up with it. But a large part of the revenue growth leads to 
profitability, which you've seen. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Got it. Thank you so much for the detail answer. Is it fair to assume that, say 3 to 5 years down 
the line probably our consumer business will form a large chunk of our revenue coming toward 
because that is the fastest growing also? 

 
 
CarTrade Tech Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
No, we don't think so. I think we did all the three businesses have opportunities. I mean they're 
all similar size today, but we don't -- it's hard for us to say that one way with other. They all have 
the reasonable opportunity to grow. So, I wouldn't want to predict that the consumer group will 
be the largest or OLX would be the largest or Shriram AutoMall will be the largest. I don't want 
to predict that right now. But all the levers to grow. 
Ankit Kanodia:Got it, yes. So, second question is related to the competition. So ever since we got listed and we started doing 
con-call and presentation. One client which has been always there is what you share regarding 
the Google trends where CarWale is always on top compared to all the other competitors, which 
you share. When I look at the on-ground feedback from maybe customers or dealers, we get 
some really good feedback about the competitors also in terms of the business, which is 
happening. So, can you share one reason why on Google Trends we are so high on the chart and 
consistently? 
Vinay Sanghi: 
It's a brand, right? So, Google Trends is basically how many people search your name when it's 
OLX or CarWale or BikeWale into this search your name, right, and come to a platform, which 
means that it is -- the number of people who remember CarWale versus other people. That's 
what it is. It's a digital brand index. 
 
And that's what it is. It's got nothing to do with dealers. It's got to do with consumers. It's the 
reason the 77 million MAUs come to these platforms. Just to give you context, 77 million people 
a month come to CarWale, BikeWale and OLX. That's a huge number. And 95% come in an 
organic manner, which we don't pay for it, completely free of advertise . That's why you have 
the margins we have in the company. 
With 95% of our users come out without of any advertising costs, which is partly a reflection of 
Google trends, as you see, right? And which is why the consumer group or CarTrade Tech as 
the company is extremely profitable is because of the brand affinity of CarWale, BikeWale or 
OLX. These are strong brands now in the businesses we run. And that's a flex of Google Trends. 
It's got nothing to do with talking to dealers actually. It's not connected with that. It's a consumer. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Thank you so much. That was very valuable and all the best for the future. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. Participants, if you wish to ask a question, you may press star and one on your 
touchtone telephone. The next question is from the line of Sachin Dixit from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Sachin Dixit: 
Hi Vinay. Congrats on a great set of results. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Thank you. 
Sachin Dixit: 
Quickly coming to questions, I wanted to understand that we discussed at obviously, we had a 
bunch of low-end that we can educate to, first of all, I wanted to just check on that. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
The voice problem starts getting. Can you say it again, please? 

 
 
CarTrade Tech Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Sachin Dixit: 
Sorry, I was saying that on OLX side, you -- we have discussed that there are a bunch of low-
hanging fruits which we can cater to in order to deliver the growth that we wanted. I wanted to 
just get an update on that. Where do we stand on that? Have you seen any ramp-up in terms of 
advertising income coming from OLX or any price hikes any such things? Can you please give 
an update on that? 
Vinay Sanghi: 
So, wallets I think what the things we've been working on are for the automotive side, which is 
the used car classified side of OLX, right? And then in non-automotive side, there's also an 
advertising side, which is driven by advertisers coming and putting this advertising on OLX side, 
the 3 different revenue sources in a way. 
 
That is -- I would say a lot of work has gone in. I wouldn't say that a lot of the revenue, what we 
-- what we feel would kick in very quickly has all come in. I think we will probably see some of 
this growth coming in the next 2 to 3 quarters. And obviously, a lot of the foundation platform 
work is done, right, which is the products side, technology side, people side, processes side, so 
many small, small things after the M&A. 
 
But as I said, some of it has come in, in terms of revenue growth, which you can see and some 
of it is a lot of it yet to come. And we just feel like OLX is a kind of a platform where we'll 
always be saying this over the next 3 to 5 years because this is so much the TAM is limitless, as 
we say, right? 
 
Once we get one side, we got the other side and keep going deeper and deeper to monetize more 
and more aspects of the platform, right, and get more of more consumers on board. So, it's a 
nonstop effort. I think we all are spending lots and lots of hours on it. And we do feel in the 
coming quarters, you'll see some of that. And even the coming years, not just the quarters 
because, as I said, there's this no limit to can be achieved in OLX over the next 5 to 10 years. 
Sachin Dixit: 
Understood. So quickly on revenue side on OLX again, right? So, we delivered roughly 2% Q-
o-Q growth. Now if you recall like when this acquisition have been last year, we did talk about 
almost 20-plus percent class or growth. In order to deliver that, it looks like we'll need to deliver 
anywhere between 30-odd percent, 30%, 32-odd percent Y-o-Y growth over H2. Do you think 
we are on track for that? Or that's going to be less on that piece. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
I don't know, I don't want to give any guidance on revenue. As I said, we don't want to give any 
guidance. So we're working on, obviously, all the growth levers. And some of them will happen 
next 6 months, some will happen in the 6 months after that. But all I can say we see a very long-
term growth opportunity. I don't want to talk about the next 3 months or 6 months, very 
specifically. 
I mean the one thing is happening in OLX that every quarter we get better than the last month, 
right? And not just in OLX accessing that applies in the consumer group and as well, where we 
actually make progress every single quarter. You see the numbers, almost every single quarter, 
but year-on-year better, right? So, we'll keep doing that. And some of it will play out now or 
some will play out after 3 months, 6 months, but the effort to continue to do that. And as I said, 

 
 
CarTrade Tech Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
again, when we grow our revenue, the margin expansion is quite high, right? The moment to 
grow revenue. 
Sachin Dixit: 
Right, yes. That's fair. Coming to new auto very quickly on that piece like we delivered close to 
23% growth in the quarter while auto industry continues to struggle to say the least. Do you see 
this trend sustaining? Obviously, you have highlighted that this is probably the best time on 
advertisement spends at its peak  ? 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Yes, we see some of this continuing. I think I do feel like October, December normally is a better 
quarter than even the major then even in July and September, normally every year. I don't think 
that's changed at all. I do think October, December, it is going to be better. And probably this 
trend might continue, if  possible that I do see that volumes are generally at the highest ever for 
2-wheelers and cars, even though the growth is low for cars. Although absolutely no growth, but 
the volumes are pretty high and supply is higher than demand. So it's reasonably a favourable 
market condition, I would say. 
Sachin Dixit: 
Sir, the reason why I asked that question was last year in H2, our Y-o-Y growth dipped quite 
sharply compared to H1. So that's why I am asking this question. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
The growth rate -- not the absolute number, the growth rate may be lower. 
Sachin Dixit: 
Yes, growth rate. So which is where I'm coming from, like do you see that growth rate like this 
23% Y-o-Y growth rate sustaining in H2 or… 
Vinay Sanghi: 
I don't want to give a guidance on growth rate, but all I can say is normally the market conditions 
are slightly better. And I do feel like these quarters will be better than the previous quarter. That's 
what I do feel. Is that -- but I can't -- I don't want to give a growth rate guidance. 
Sachin Dixit: 
No worries. Thanks so much. Happy Diwali. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Yes, thank you. Thanks Sachin. Thank you, happy Diwali. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. We have the next question from the line of Akshay Satija from Alpha Invesco. 
Please go ahead. 
Akshay Satija: 
Hi, congratulations on a good set of numbers and happy Diwali to all of you. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Happy Diwali. 
Akshay Satija: 
Sir, my first question will be, for our remarketing business, our EBITDA per car sales have 
improved from what it was in Q1. So I just wanted to understand is it because of contributions 
from maybe retail sales, higher number of retail sales, or it's just that, as you said, the operating 
leverage that you sold more cars… 
Vinay Sanghi: 
It's part of the operating leverage -- it's also some cost. It's also the remarketing. There's also 
some cost reduction, but it is also -- the product mix has not changed much, but it's -- there is 
some cost reduction as well, which will help. 

 
 
CarTrade Tech Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Akshay Satija: 
Okay. If you could specify the numbers for retail and B2B that you do for remarketing? 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Aneesha, you want to give it? But I think it's 40% is retail, which is quite similar to what it was 
earlier, 39% earlier, it's 40% now I think. So it's quite similar actually. Not much has changed. 
Akshay Satija: 
Okay. Sir, could you also share the new versus used car ratio for the consumer business? And if 
you could just go a little into detail for the abSure business that we have. So what would be sort 
of revenues? My belief is that we report abSure revenue under the consumer business, so what 
would be the revenues or volumes for the abSure business and how many stores that we hold of 
abSure as of now? 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Sure. So I think the first part, about 86% is new in the consumer group. That's one, which is 
pretty similar to what it was, 85% and now it's 86%. That's the first question. The second 
question is abSure. So Aneesha, you want to tell how many outlets we have, but I'm sure plus -
- abSure outlets are actually growing. What's that? What is that? 
Aneesha Bhandary: 
165. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
165 are the number of outlets. We normally don't disclose the volume and the revenue as yet. 
But the 165 outlet is something obviously we are growing. And not only are we growing it here, 
I think OLX has a very similar number of OLX branded stores as well for used cars, right. Am 
I right, Aneesha? Similar number? Sorry, go ahead. 
Aneesha Bhandary: 
About 170. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
170, so that would be actually 335 such stores now. So the intent of these stores, I'll be honest 
was and still is the ability for a consumer to come online and select a good certified car and then 
buy it with a -- eventually buy it in a one click experience, so they can actually have a completely 
online experience. And we're working towards that, but the coverage actually improved with the 
OLX acquisition. The 165 actually become about 330 now, or 340 stores. 
Akshay Satija: 
Okay. So my final question is, could you just elaborate a little on the auto mall stores and on that 
front, so say we list roughly 1.2 million cars a year, but we are selling only 20% of those cars. 
Just wanted to understand what happens to rest of the cars? Are they kept as an inventory? Not 
with us, but with someone who's listing it with us. Just wanted to understand is that inventory 
carried forward to the next quarter or just wanted to understand the business trend there? 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Sure. First, a large part of that inventory does not come physically. It's not -- I don't have the 
exact number yet, but a large percentage only comes online. It doesn't ever come physically to 
us in the auto malls. Some percentage comes physically and even in that percentage, if the seller 
decides not to sell it, they can take the vehicle back and then give it back whenever they feel 
they would like to sell it again. So, the 20% -- I think it's 25% or 28% is a conversion ratio, 
which is of every hundred vehicles coming to auction that many get sold, I think that's what it 
is. 
Akshay Satija: 
Okay. Do you see this number probably could go up or --? 

 
 
CarTrade Tech Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
No, it's been quite stable actually. It's not gone up. It's not gone down. It's been quite stable. I 
think the conversion ratio would probably be stable. Our attempt here is of course to improve 
conversion ratio by getting more buyers, but it's also through increase in volume on supply. I 
think they're two different efforts here, but we don't see much -- there's not been much change 
over the last couple of years in the percentage actually. 
Akshay Satija: 
All right. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We have next question from the line of Vijit Jain from Citigroup. Please go 
ahead. 
Vijit Jain: 
Yes. Thanks. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Hi, Vijit. 
Vijit Jain: 
Hi, Vinay. Hi, Aneesha. Congratulations on great 2Q across the three businesses. My first 
question is, so I note on the presentation that organic traffic growth was especially stronger than 
the overall growth this quarter. But you did increase your standalone marketing spend about 
20% this year -- this quarter, right. So my question I guess is, is that with an eye towards the 
next half of the year? Are you seeing any trends which makes you want to increase your 
marketing spend here? 
And I think a related question to that is, in addition to what you show on Google Trends, one 
can see on app traffic and other third party data sources as well that you have taken market share 
in both cars and bikes from the competitors this year, especially on the bike side. So if you could 
give a view on what is happening there really? Have -- is your business in the bike side, for 
example, particularly higher now this year versus last year? 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Yes, okay. The first is the marketing spend. Marketing spend in these businesses is very -- I 
would say, tactical, but it's very -- it's not brand driven expense or traffic driven expense, it's 
very targeted at manufacturers who may want to sell a certain kind of product. And who are 
spending money on advertising and they try and build a specific consumer for them and that 
traffic and their advertising has incurred with them. 20% is up, but it's a very small number. I 
mean, the numbers are really small, right. Our total -- are insignificant, so the amounts are very 
insignificant here. That's one. 
I would not think and correlate that with any increase in advertising or any significant increase 
in advertising spend in the next six months. I would not think that would happen. It may be -- 
directly a little bit in correlation with a bit of revenue, but it's not likely to go up substantially in 
the next six months at all. This is also not driving the growth in traffic, as we said. This is -- 
actually the organic percentages are going up. It's 95% now across platforms. So it is going up. 
The brands are getting stronger. 
Our consumer traffic actually in absolute terms if you see, it is in the deck as well in one of the 
last two slides, is substantially up. So, the quantum or traffic up cannot be done by advertising. 

 
 
CarTrade Tech Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
This is just done on brand and organic basis. 2-wheelers have gone up a lot and so have cars 
gone up. So both traffic on both concepts gone up. We do feel that -- one is that, as I said earlier, 
the demand for cars is not down, it's just that the growth rate is down, right. If you look at the 
first six months actually it's grown by 2%, 3%. 
So it's not negative, number one. Number two, the 2-wheeler industry has been very, very strong, 
which has shown growth in every parameter, right. I mean the volumes have gone up. Traffic is 
of course going up. Everything is going up. So, it is -- it's a massive opportunity for us as well, 
the two wheeler side but both cars and 2-wheeler have been quite healthy. So this traffic -- in 
fact the traffic growth has been very, very healthy I would say. Also some of the new launches, 
have fuelled this, right, I mean we had a couple of big launches in the car market where there's 
a lot of interest on traffic, right. I mean, the traffic side. 
Vijit Jain: 
Right. So, Vinay, any broad sense on, I don't know if you want to -- if you don't want to disclose 
split between say 2-wheelers and 4-wheelers, maybe some sense in terms of what growth rate 
you saw in the two categories this year? 
Vinay Sanghi: 
It's been strong on both sides, I would say. I mean 2-wheelers on a smaller base, so it's outpaced 
the growth, but generally it's been strong both places. The revenue split is something, Aneesha, 
have you given the revenue split on 2-wheelers and 4-wheelers?  
Aneesha Bhandary: 
Not yet. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Not yet because it's quite -- okay, it's actually we didn’t mix up vis-a-vis OEMs and dealers, not 
so much on 2-wheelers and cars. That's the reason we have given the OEM and dealer split, but 
the -- I think we see robustness in both actually cars and 2-wheelers both has grown. 
Vijit Jain: 
Got it. Great. And my next question is the remarketing business. So I guess, the shift -- the mix 
shifted a little bit in the repo favor this quarter because, obviously, I can see the auctions went 
up, but the realizations went down. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Slightly better. I think there's some suppressed pricing of used products is used cycles as well, 
which is affected a little bit. But generally that I said, reposition seems to have bottomed out. It's 
always hard to predict because it's not something in our control, but it seems to have bottomed 
out, what I said earlier in the call, it seems to be a little better. 
Vijit Jain: 
And you have -- I mean I think you mentioned it around the end of 4Q results, but you have 
added about 100 locations across Shriram Automall, abSure and OLX this calendar year. I think 
last 4Q you were around 350, now you're at 450 thereabouts. So could you give us a sense of 
where these additions are coming? Are these mostly in abSure here? 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Mostly in abSure Signature and OLX, they're not Shriram Automall is a very few. It's almost all 
there. 
Vijit Jain: 
And so basically about 50 to 100 store ads on the abSure site? 

 
 
CarTrade Tech Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Probably to 100, I don't know the exact number. But almost all the additions will be there. I 
mean, I don’t think  Shriram Automall. I couldn't be more than I mean maybe 5. We don't really 
add very many Automalls. So it's mostly come in OLX and abSure. 
Vijit Jain: 
Got it. So with abSure, do you think you -- this is a pace that you could probably continue to? 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Yes that seems logically the pace. There's a lot of work to be done on the pace which is like 
probably will continue both from the OLX side and the abSure/Signature outlets. What we're 
looking at doing is obviously adding a lot more tech and product to it and over time as consumers 
want. The whole idea is getting also is to give a differentiated experience for a user on CarWale 
or on OLX. 
And I think that is still something we're working on. Distribution seems to be catching on, but 
now we've got to also -- when you come to the consumer provide this one-click like ability to 
buy a used car if you want to do so. I think that maturity will also come in consumers over time. 
So it's a combination of all of that. 
Vijit Jain: 
Got it. And my last question Vinay. Just the OLX business, given the nature of the business, the 
October, November, December quarter should have a fair bit of seasonality related uptick. I 
mean not just -- I mean I know you said that for the auto business, but non-auto parts? 
Vinay Sanghi: 
I think OLX too it should be better because normally October is definitely normally better. 
November the holidays and stuff so you don’t always know because Diwali by the time 
businesses will really start all over again. But generally, this October & December  is normally 
a little better than July to September. 
Vijit Jain: 
So the question I was trying to -- the answer I was trying to get to also in part Vinay was we 
have a lot of the festive season sales that the e-commerce platforms run and I would imagine 
some of that will drive traffic to yours for used transactions. Is that a fair understanding of how 
this would work? 
Vinay Sanghi: 
No, I don't think they're really connected with even though every e-commerce platforms have 
sales not convinced that directly correlated with the traffic on OLX or definitely not  CarWale. 
But I would think that this season is normally better for anybody. I think normally October is 
always this year, Diwali and Dussehra both happened to be the same month as well. So normally, 
it is a strong month always. 
Vijit Jain: 
Got it. Understood. Thanks Vinay. Those are my questions and Happy Diwali to you and 
Aneesha. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Happy Diwali. Thank you Vijit.  
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We have the next question from the line of Rahul Ranade from Goldman 
Sachs Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Ranade: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Happy Diwali Vinay.  
Vinay Sanghi: 
Happy Diwali Rahul.  

 
 
CarTrade Tech Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Rahul Ranade: 
So just a couple of questions. So one is what answered partially in terms of seasonality for OLX. 
So you're saying there could be some bit of a seasonality element in Q3, so that is answered. But 
just on the other side OEM to dealer we used to share the split earlier on, did we share that now? 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Yes, we can give it Aneesha you have that. Can you give the OEM was it 67? 
Aneesha Bhandary: 
Yes 67 and 33. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
67-33. It's not changed much. I think it's a model that's been. 
Rahul Ranade: 
Okay. So is it the right understanding when we say new to use is 85-15 during the 67-33 this 67 
is out of the 85 and then the 33 is a split between new and used? 
Vinay VSanghi: 
That is right. 
Rahul Ranade: 
Okay. Got it. And lastly, I just wanted to check in terms of progress on these allied services that 
we kind of talk when we say buying vehicles at the click of a button. So, let's say, financing or 
insurance have they started contributing to our revenue in any way in terms of? 
Vinay Sanghi: 
They are very small revenues. Insurance is not, financing is a  very small revenue contributor. 
But the important thing is the tech and all of that has started to play in. So you can see on almost 
all our platforms now that one click you can get a loan. I think those are the kind of things and 
lot of the products were launched whether it's abSure or these loans to enable a lot of the future 
transactions which might come online as consumers want to do more and more. 
So when you buy a loan today and you come to CarWale or BikeWale or OLX even now and 
you apply online and you have sanctioned instantly by multiple, multiple banks and vendors. 
You've got a sanction, but from sanction to disbursement is not necessarily that all the banks and 
other partners are ready to at this point or able to do it even at this point, it requires also 
documentation, KYC customers, etc as for their processes. So it's not fully, I would say the 
product is all the business sanctions differently. It doesn't still probably give you a loan in 
account in the next 1 minute or something. I mean the disbursements -- the sanction 
disbursement cycle is not fully online yet. 
Rahul Ranade: 
Got it. So the meaningful attrition in terms of monetization, I mean, will only happen when that 
piece also falls in place? Is that the right understanding. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
I think the important monetization might improves it, but that's not the intent here. The intent 
was always that we give this journey to a car buyer or a 2-wheeler buyer or a used kind of a 
buyer. Initially when you buy a product I think get a loan instantly so you can buy the car online. 
So large part of two wheelers and cars are financed. So if you don’t get a loan instantly then 
buying a car on one-click on one is almost impossible. Because if you wanta loan  the journey 
they never going to get broken. And I think that's what we work with banks and other 
stakeholders to see this is journey can be completed online. But it's more from a customer 
experience angle. Monetization is one thing, but it's also experience. 

 
 
CarTrade Tech Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Rahul Rande: 
Yes understood. And just lastly, this is not many CarTrade or CarWale value specific. I just 
wanted to understand from a financing penetration standpoint, if you were to look, let's say, 4 
years, 5 years back to now for used vehicles both used cars and used 2-wheelers, do you see a 
significantly greater proportion of people going for financing for their used vehicles or is it more 
or less the same how? 
Vinay Sanghi: 
New cars as you know for last 4 years, 5 years maybe last 10 years, it's been -- it's very high as 
a percentage. In used cars, we've actually seen it being not move much. I feel like industry has 
grown one. And second bigger thing is that you still don't have a large number of organized 
financials, financing used cars. A lot of people buying used cars are taking loans from 
unorganized sources, right? It could be a personal loan. It could be like a personal secured loan? 
Or could we even be from an employer or someone else, right? So you feel like the long, long 
way to go use financing in India. It's actually a massive opportunity. I think for any bank or any 
NBFC, it's just a big, big opportunity. 
Rahul Rande: 
Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Mohit Madhiwalla from Envision 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Madhiwalla: 
Thank you for taking my questions. A great set of numbers, so congratulations on that. Just a 
few bookkeeping questions. Number one, I can see on the balance sheet that in the noncurrent 
assets, other financial assets have gone up, while in the current financial -- other financial assets 
have gone down  
kind of a similar amount. Just wanted to understand what that movement has been firstly? 
Vinay Sanghi: 
What is that Aneesha? Do you want to explain that? 
Aneesha Bhandary: 
What's your question is that your other financial assets have come down and the investments 
have gone up. Is that a question? 
Mohit Madhiwalla: 
No. So my question is that in the current assets part of it, it has gone down by about INR50 
crores from March 31, September 30. Whereas in the noncurrent part, it has gone up by INR58 
crores. So just wanted to understand what this is related to? 
Aneesha Bhandary: 
Second because most of it was because fixed deposits, we would have moved into investment in 
mutual funds. But give me a minute. The other financial assets (current / non-current) includes 
deposits by SAMIL. The increase in non-current assets is mainly due to shifting of current 
portion of deposits to non-current on account of holding period more than 12 months. 
Mohit Madhiwalla: 
it must be that  
Aneesha Bhandary: 
No, both of them. I even in SAMIL there have been some, but no other change. Well, cash 
balance has improved by INR50 crores. 
Mohit Madhiwalla: 
Okay. Next question was basically that there's been a bad debt written off or that it is a very 
small amount, sort of 75 lakhs. I just wanted to understand where this has come from? 

 
 
CarTrade Tech Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Aneesha, I don't have much client report, but is it the consumer group? 
Aneesha Bhandary: 
Yes. So we have done a cleanup or debtors which are more than 3 years, you have provisions in 
the only what was beyond 3 years portion of this year. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Yes. So what we do is the provisioning of course, as per accounting policies and then we move 
from provisions to writing off. I think that's what's probably more from provision bucket to the 
write-off bucket. 
Aneesha Bhandary:: 
Yes, you provide for. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
But fully provided for earlier is what she is saying. 
Mohit Madhiwalla: 
And the ESOP cost, we are still at the run rate of INR6 crores per quarter, right? So is expected 
to continue going ahead? 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Yes, I think for this year, it is going to be similar. It should -- as per the vesting schedule will 
come down from next year further. At this point, it will continue, yes, through this year. And I 
think it comes down next year as to the vesting schedules. 
Mohit Madhiwalla: 
So for FY '25, we would still be around a full year INR24 crores kind of on an ESOP cost… 
Vinay Sanghi: 
That's right. 
Mohit Madhiwalla: 
Slightly lower in FY '26. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
They'll come down ' 25. '26 will come down. That's correct. 
Mohit Madhiwalla: 
Okay. Got it. And just 1 last question. What would be a reasonable kind of overall tax rate to 
assume as for the full year FY '25 because we are currently at around 21% on an effective tax 
case? I just wanted to understand where we can end for the full year, given all the OLX kind of 
net sale losses what have been absorbed? 
Vinay Sanghi: 
I think there is no -- Aneesha, correct me I'm wrong, but there is no tax in OLX, right? And 
they'll go back in the stand-alone entity, the only tax in Shriram Automall. The tax has seen on 
the stand-alone entity is deferred tax, which has come from the change in the budget.  
 
I think it's a full change from long-term capital gain tax on debt funds, right which is not actually 
pertaining to the quarter, it's pertaining to a previous period. So the deferred tax impact on 
account of change in indexation rule will probably continue for quarters this year, and then will 
go away, there is no tax from business profit in stand-alone or in OLX (both these Companies 
have tax shelter due to brought forward losses). 
Mohit Madhiwalla: 
Right. Okay. So I think I misspoke previously, the effective tax rate for this quarter was 17%. 
So that's why. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Mostly Deferred tax, which is in the budget, right, when they move this indexation on mutual 
fund. 

 
 
CarTrade Tech Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Mohit Madhiwalla: 
So then for the full year, it would be at like what below 25%? 
Vinay Sanghi: 
It's exactly the same. It did. 
Mohit Madhiwalla: 
Great. Thank you so much. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
And deferred tax has to be lower because the profit goes up, the tax rate should come down. This 
amount of deferred taxes identical for next 2 quarters. This exactly the same amount. So the 
profit went up, the effective tax would see would go down actually. Because on our normal 
business income, there's no tax. 
Mohit Madhiwalla: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We have the next question from the line of Sachin Dixit from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Sachin Dixit: 
I have a couple of bookkeeping questions. So the first 1 being that when I'm mentioning the 
depreciation expense across the 3 segments or it's not matching up with the console number by 
a decent margin. Why is that the key? 
Vinay Sanghi: 
What is not matching,, sorry? 
Sachin Dixit: 
Depreciation expense. And this is consistent across a few years in, like this is what we keep on. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
You're saying we add up depreciation doesn't total? Is that what you said? 
Aneesha Bhandary: 
Because there's an entry ad consolidation Sachin. There is a contract asset that we've created on 
the SAMIL acquisition. That entry gets passed only a consolidation. So the one plus one will not 
equal to the consolidated number of depreciation. 
Sachin Dixit: 
Is it fair to assume that you use that plug to be a part of Shriram Automall business or the 
remarketing business? Any think of segments? 
Aneesha Bhandary: 
No, it's a very specific entry for the Shriram acquisition, which was done in 2018, where our 
contract asset was created is a depreciation on the particular asset, which is created in the 
consolidated set of accounts. It's not to do with OLX or Consumer Group. It's only for the 
Shriram acquisition. 
Sachin Dixit: 
Yes, understood. Second question is on lease liabilities. So we are seeing that the lease liability 
went up by roughly March 31 and September 30. Question that the business is largely non-asset 
heavy. Where are these lease liabilities arising from? 
Vinay Sanghi: 
It's also from OLX, I think a come from. 
Aneesha Bhandary: 
Yes. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Yes. But is rental for OLX, right? Because it's only been 2 months of the year -- last year, only 
2 months, 1.5 months in this year's whole year. 

 
 
CarTrade Tech Limited
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Sachin Dixit: 
But this is a balance sheet entry, right? You were giving a snapshot as of March 31 or September 
30. Number of months accounted that should not the change? 
Aneesha Bhandary: 
Sachin, which number are you comparing? The balance sheet early? 
Sachin Dixit: 
Yes, in balance sheet, lease liabilities as of March 31, INR112  cr. They went to 122 this 
September 30. What are the in coming from? 
Aneesha Bhandary: 
So the increase is coming from SAMIL. There was 7 millions us new lease are ers added in 
SAMIL, I mean from the compared to that, you see from March to September. 
Sachin Dixit: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We will take this as our last question for the day. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to management for closing comments. 
Vinay Sanghi: 
Thank you, everybody, for joining this earnings call. And we are quite buoyant by the quarter 
we just had. I look forward to talking to you again in the next quarter. Happy Diwali to you and 
all your families. Thank you, everybody. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of CarTrade Tech Limited, we conclude this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
You may now disconnect your lines. 
