 
 
 
 
 
Ref: MPL / Sectl / BSE & NSE / E-2 & E-3 / 2024 
 
 
04th October 2024 
 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Tower, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Stock Code: 500268 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No.C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Stock Code: MANALIPETC 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Analyst/Investor Meet - Transcript 
Ref: MPL / Sectl / BSE & NSE / E-2 & E-3 /2024 dated 24th & 27th September 2024 
Please find attached the Transcript of the Analyst/Investor conference call held on  
27th September 2024 as required under Clause 15(b)(ii) of Part A to Schedule III read with 
Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. The 
same is also available on the website of the Company www.manalipetro.com  
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Manali Petrochemicals Limited 
 
 
R Swaminathan 
Company Secretary 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
 
 
RAMANAN 
SWAMINATHAN
Digitally signed by RAMANAN 
SWAMINATHAN 
Date: 2024.10.04 21:01:14 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Manali Petrochemicals Ltd 
Analyst / Investor Meet 
27th September, 2024 
 
Management Team: 
Mr. Ashwin Muthiah - Chairman MPL and Founder Chairman of AMIH  
Mr. Hugo Chardon - Head of strategy, AMIH 
Mr. R Chandrasekar - Managing Director, MPL 
Mr. Gurumurthy Nagarajan - Managing Director, Notedome, UK and  
Mr. Tobias Tasche - Chief Executive Officer, PennWhite Limited, UK. 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript contains statements about expected future events of Manali Petrochemicals Limited 
(MPL), which are forward looking. By their nature, forward-looking statements require the Company to make 
assumptions and are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. There is a significant risk that the assumptions, 
predictions and other forward-looking statements may not prove to be accurate. Readers are cautioned not to place 
undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a number of factors could cause assumptions, actual future results 
and events to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. This document is provided 
without any express or implied warranties and request readers to read this with the information published by the 
company. This document has been edited for better clarity and accuracy to avoid any transcription error wherever 
required. 
 

 
 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and a very warm welcome to the 
Investor meet of Manali Petrochemicals Limited. Let us begin by 
introducing the MPL leadership team, who will be engaging in today's 
session.  
Mr. Ashwin Muthiah - Chairman MPL and Founder Chairman of AMIH 
Group, Singapore. Mr. Hugo Chardon - Head of strategy, AMIH, R 
Chandrasekar - Managing Director, MPL, Mr. Gurumurthy Nagarajan - 
Managing Director, Notedome, UK and Mr. Tobias Tasche - Chief 
Executive Officer, PennWhite Limited, UK.  
At this moment, all participants are in the listen only mode. Later, we will 
conduct a question-and-answer session. At that time, you may click on the 
Q&A tab to ask a live question. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded.  
Manali Petrochemicals Limited is a leading petrochemical manufacturer 
with over three decades of expertise based in Chennai, India. MPL 
specializes in the production and marketing of propylene glycol and 
polyols. It is a part of Singapore headquartered USD 2+ billion AM 
international group.  
I would now like to invite Mr. Ashwin Muthiah - Chairman, MPL and 
Founder Chairman of AMIH Group, Singapore, to please give the opening 
remarks and welcome the audience. Thank you and over to you, Sir.  
Ashwin Muthiah:  
Ladies and gentlemen, I take pleasure in welcoming you all on behalf of 
Manali Petrochemicals, to this investors call. We are very happy to share 
the latest updates on our strategy and the progress across our business. 
After the presentation, my leadership team and myself look forward to 
addressing your questions. It's been a while since we connected last and 
we hope today's session will provide insights into our journey, 
particularly in a more strategic context.  
At MPL, our vision is deeply aligned with our ESG commitments. We 
remain steadfast in our focus on introducing low carbon products and 
making our businesses relevant to the future. We have a dual focus on 
maintaining our position in the commodity chemical space while 
expanding our share in the specialty chemicals market with a long term 
and sustainable approach.  
I look forward to an engaging and fruitful discussion today and also, your 
active participation is invaluable. With that, I would like to hand over the 
session to Mr. Hugo Chardon. After the presentation, we'll be ready to 
take your questions. Over to Mr. Chardon.  
Hugo Chardon:  
Thank you, Chairman, and thank you to everyone for joining us today. To 
start the presentation, I will hand over to Mr. Chandrasekar to start 
covering the first slide of the presentation. Thank you.  

 
 
R Chandrasekar: 
Thank you, Chairman. Thank you, Hugo. Briefly, we cover a basic 
introduction about MPL. The Chemical Solutions, performance chemicals, 
consolidated position of the company, the macroeconomic outlook of the 
company. We start with the overall introduction for MPL.  
Some basic information, we are A+(stable)credit rating from CARE for our 
long-term borrowings and A1+ for short term borrowings. Our long-term 
debt is very low and we have a strong liquidity of around 400 crores by 
end of June 24.  
Internal accruals are predominantly used for expansions. Basically, with 
an IRR of 20% on PG expansion, 23% on polyester polyol, 30% for the 
proposed West Greenfield expansion. Our cash conversion cycle is 59 days 
in Q1 of 2024-25.  
We move on to the next slide. A brief look at the business verticals we 
have. On the upstream side, we have Propylene oxide, Polyols, Propylene 
glycol, PGMME and on the downstream side, specialty polyols and on the 
performance chemicals, surfactants on foam control agents, release agents, 
etc.  
We move on to the next slide. On the chemical solutions, specifically on 
MPL, stand alone, some of the numbers and performance we can look at. 
We are an ISO certified 3 decades old manufacturing company having two 
manufacturing facilities in Chennai. Predominantly producing propylene 
oxide, propylene glycol, Pgmme, polyols and other derivatives. We have 
a revenue, CAGAR 5.86 over the last eight-year period. MPL constantly 
works on expanding our product portfolio with good performance backs 
up by fiscal prudence and high potential for value unlocking. And we 
have over 360 employees by end of June. Have clocked a total turnover of 
177 crores on standalone basis for Q1 of 2024-25 with an EBITDA of 10.6 
crores.  
We move on to the next slide. We show in graphic form the movement of 
some of the ratios. The first one is ratio of inventory to sales on the 
commodity products what we have and the second one is on the net 
realizable value, what we call as NRVs. Due to COVID, we had very high 
demand for our commodity products coupled with low exports and low 
imports as well on the similar products that drove our inventory levels 
quite a bit down. However, a slow return back to normal is expected now 
on a regular basis. The NRV's we had a very skewed NRV during the 
COVID period because we don't have imports during that period and the 
demand was very high, but that has leveled back to pre-COVID levels 
subsequently and we expect the trend to continue for the future.  
We move on to the next slide. We look at specifically some of the new 
projects which we have recently announced and have started executing. 
The first one is the propylene glycol plants with an initial phase one 
capacity of 32,000 metric ton per annum. The model investment is for 94 
crores with a 50:50 Debt Equity ratio has an IRR of 20.7%. The 

 
 
predominant market segment we will be covering with the expanded 
capacity of PG will be food and beverage and pharmaceutical sectors.  
We move on to the next one which is polyester polyol. Two such plants 
are planned and 1 is already completed with the 4,150 MT per annum 
capacity and the second one it's an ongoing project we'll be focusing at 
construction and appliances and elastomers specifically with polyester 
polyol coupled with the captive consumption requirement. A little bit on 
the West India Greenfield expansion. The board has recently approved an 
expansion into West India to cater to the requirements of the local market. 
Initially, we will target 30,000 tons per annum of polyols with an 
investment model of 130 plus crores and IRR of 30% is projected with the 
five-year payback. Predominantly, Manali, from Chennai, will be 
supplying the requirements for this polyol capacity coupled with bit of 
imports.  
We move on to the next slide, some of the smaller but notable projects 
what we have undertaken in the recent past. We are sourcing renewable 
energy through hybrid power system, catering to 68% of our overall 
requirements. We are strengthening our R&D team. We are strengthening 
our marketing team. And we move on from fossil fuel to RLNG for our 
plant to operations that will completely eliminate usage of furnace oil in 
our operations. We have sourced additional storage capacity for PO plus 
polyols as well and we are working on quite a bit of optimizing the 
overheads in our plant operations.  
We move on to the next slide. This will be on the Notedome and our other 
subsidiary in the UK. I would hand over to Mr. Gurumurthy for 
Notedome operations.  
Gurumurthy Nagarajan:  
Thank you, Chandru. Hello everyone. This is Guru from Notedome UK. 
As you know Notedome Limited is a pioneer in producing polyurethane 
solutions. For Cast Elastomers industry. As I can see in the slides, the 
applications are quite diverse. We do supply to oil and gas, I mean 
pipeline pigging is an example, mining and quarrying and then 
automotive and defense industry where they produce bushes and mining 
screens, agriculture like potato pickers, harvesters and Subsea, there's 
another growing industry where under the sea cable protection systems it 
finds, cast elastomers finds application and paper and steel manufacturing 
like the rollers and brittle rollers, tension rollers, application rollers for an 
example and construction, this finds the architectural molds. As you can 
see, I mean we do have we do cater to diverse industry and we have quite 
a long goodwill because our products find application in niche segments 
and we command a good goodwill across our products, at more than 40 
different industries.  
We do export to Middle East, Far East, South America and North America 
and majorly are markets is UK and wider Europe. So do we do cater to 
diverse countries and diverse industries and command strong goodwill 
and because of this we do have a natural hedge against all these countries 

 
 
slowdown and various other market related risk and we do have a good 
team of people with can do attitude and people who have been with 
Notedome for more excess no. of 30 years. We do have a strong, lean and 
agile operations and customer centric attitude by which we make tailor 
made solutions to our customers.  
Could you move to next slide, please? Yeah, the key goal of Notedome has 
been achieving enhanced value for the parent group and the wider 
shareholders. How we achieved this mainly we understood, we studied 
the entire value chain and then segregated our customers who sees our 
products as our value added where we are single sourced or where we 
command better premium due to the viscosity of the product or the 
stickiness that our product command at the customer end. So, we do tuned 
our pricing at a rate higher than the market and on top of that, we do, I 
mean this resulted in enhanced margins and on top of that, we do leverage 
the global supply chain. We do open up our supply chain and then we 
started sourcing both from Europe as well as the from the Asia, so all these 
things are resulted in enhanced gross margin on top of that, we do 
efficiently manage our costs through strict OpEx control. And also, we do 
have greener operations like Installing… we are in the process of installing 
solar panel which will not only reduce the carbon footprint, but also 
reduced our cost. So, we do have good management of pricing as well as 
our cost which by which we are able to deliver enhanced value at the 
EBITDA level?  
Could we move to the next slide, please? And this slide captures, what lies 
ahead of us as you can see, the global cast elastomer market is in excess of 
1.4 billion and this is going at a steady rate of 5 to 6% and mainly the 
growth is coming from APAC region. So, what Notedome device growth 
strategy is we do have a strong focus on innovation. We do develop new 
product to suit our growing customers and also, we do have a plan to 
develop our diversify into new markets like renewables under the cabling 
and all those things where traditionally Notedome didn't have much 
presence. We are cautiously putting more efforts into this region by 
employing new people and also by developing new technologies to tap 
into this high growth industry and also, we are expanding to new region. 
We do enter recent contract with a distributor in Spain and also, we 
recently participated in a trade show in Middle East in an effort to grow 
our presence in Middle East region and also, we have in the advanced 
negotiation with our distributor who have represented in Sweden, the 
Nordic territory, basically the Sweden, Finland and Denmark.  
So, on top of this aligning with parent company’s ESG goals, they are also 
developing sustainable products based on we are offering sustainable 
polyethene solutions to our customers by leveraging the sustainable 
Polyol and sustainable crosslinkers this we have recently supplied to a 
customer in Finland as well as the customer in UK. On top of it, we are 
enhancing our brand awareness and presence in the market, not only by 
participating trade shows but also rebranding. We recently rebranded our 

 
 
logo and relaunched our website. All these things I mean constantly in an 
effort to enhance our reach and presence in the market. So, this is the 
overview about Notedome. I'd request Tobias to take over PennWhite 
please. Sorry to be asked. You're on mute I guess.  
Tobias Tasche:  
Yes, that right. Thanks very much for that Gurumurthy and my name is 
Tobias Tasche, I’m the CEO of PennWhite. PennWhite is a manufacturer 
of specialty surfactants, in particular for foam control. But also, we 
manufacture a number of specialty products for quite specialist 
applications. We've been doing this for 40 years, originally as a successful 
family business that has exported has a long history of exporting to many 
countries. But two years ago, we were acquired by Manali and with the 
strong support from mother company,  
Ashwin C Muthiah 
 
Sorry Tobias, I think we need to move the slides. 
 
Tobias Tasche:  
Sorry, Yes, since the take off by the Manali, we really have had an 
opportunity to invest for growth and with support of the mother company 
also develop our growth plans, which is key because this has always been 
a very profitable business but we think we can continue on that 
profitability journey and globalize that profitability, so a number of things 
have already happened in that, ah in that space and mobile.  
Well, if you then look at our typical key areas of where we're active in the 
market, we are very strong indeed in things like wastewater and recycling 
where we have a very strong position in the UK and in Europe. But we 
hope to globalize that because these are areas where also globally, there is 
a strong interest, in particular because of these application areas, strong 
links to sanitation and the circular economy, and in particular in the UK 
and Europe, we have a very strong footprint in supplying, for instance, 
the food grade and the beverage industries. Where we supply very many 
of the “A” brands in their segments with typical problems that they have 
with phone control, either in their processes or in their products and last 
but certainly not least, we also have quite a substantial position in 
fermentation. This is really either in controlling aerobic and anaerobic 
digestion in some applications, but also for instance is an area where we 
support the pharmaceutical industry in optimizing pharmaceutical 
fermentation, for instance.  
And finally, we have a basket with some very niche specialty products, 
which typically tend to be quite specialist with very high margin areas, 
typical very specialist offerings here are products for parts of the print 
industry for parts of the construction industry and high-quality products 
for you, know, domestic plumbing for instance, or for fiber optic cables.  
Next slide please. Here, you’ll get a bit of a sense of that our current sales 
breakdown and our profitability journey that we've been on, we already 
have a strong history of profit growth, but we clearly think we can 
augment that and certainly, in under new ownership, we've been able to 

 
 
bring much more structure and discipline to the sales and marketing 
function. So, we've been able to expand our pricing and margin 
management and key account manager and likewise, we've also have 
been able to invest in the plant to reduce complexity and cost with you 
know quite favorable results to show for it, so to speak.  
If you look at where we approach the market, typically we focus on the 
premium end of the market where customers really value our customer 
intimacy, as we call it our technical service and a large portfolio of tailored 
products and consequently, our profitability is high, products really are 
valued on our ability to help customers with avoiding cost or improving 
efficiency in a plant or resolve issues with excessive foaming for instance 
and that means that the price is really determined by the value offering 
not by the cost of the underlying material and this of course is a typical 
aspect of, you know, the specialty chemical segment that we're involved 
in and that also means that our customers tend to be sticky, so to speak, 
once we have them, they don't tend to leave us and we have very many 
long-standing customer relationships who we can hold on to and for those 
customers the total purchase price of our category of products, the foam 
control chemistries is relatively small part of their total procurement 
spend. So, these customers also tend to be less price sensitive to the price 
of our products.  
We then go to the next slide. If you then look at, you know, where are we 
going from here then you know it is very clear that we're on a good path 
already, but we will continue to focus on that. We will maintain our core 
focus on foam control, but we will continue to put selective focus on 
specialty areas where we can maintain niche value I should say. 
Historically, we've been a very strong operator in the UK and we're not 
done yet. We have a very strong opportunity still to grow in this local 
market, but clearly the next phase of our journey requires that we do a lot 
more in Europe where we have a material footprint already, but we can 
do much more based on our existing strengths and value proposition and 
in particular, we think we can do more in terms of direct sales of our own 
brand products. For the rest of the world, really that's where the symbiotic 
relationship with Manali will help us a lot. We already have profitable 
export business there, but we hope to expand that.  
India is going to be an important market for us and you will have seen the 
announcement that we recently made about establishing an Indian 
subsidiary where we already have the first employees doing business 
development in that market. We are actively assessing the opportunities 
to create a manufacturing hub based in India, not just producing for the 
Indian market, but potentially also for the wider Asian region.  
If we then look at some of these key ESG aspects that are important to the 
group, they are very important to us as well and we feel that PennWhite 
already has intrinsic advantages that can benefit us and that allow us to 
capture quite easily and increasing societal interest in these things. So, the 
way we manufacture our products is intrinsically low carbon. Many of our 

 
 
competitors use higher carbon ways of manufacture so we think we have 
an advantage there. Because we have a long-standing focus on areas like 
food and pharma, very many of our product formulation chemistries are 
already based on water based or vegetable oil-based formulation 
platforms which intrinsically have a number of advantages in terms of 
environmental compatibility, no harm to people low toxicity and client 
degradability and these are strengths already for us in the market. I think 
the value of that will only increase going forward.  
We do work of course, with a number of suppliers also to take carbon out 
of our feedstocks, but it is very clear that our ability to help our customers 
become more sustainable and do more. For instance, in the circular 
economy is a key element of our offering.  
If you then look at the number of accreditations we have in the ESG space 
and outside it, this for us is a key element of our differentiation. We really 
want to manufacture to the highest standards in industry and we will 
continue to look for opportunities to increase that competitive gap with 
the competition. To support that, of course, we will continue to support 
plenty investments to take cost and complexity out and we still see 
opportunities to optimize there. We will continue to recruit, attract and 
retain high value standard and continue to build a good mix of marketing, 
channel management and strategic relationships. And with that, I'd like to 
give the floor back to the moderator.  
R Chandrasekar: 
Thank you, Tobias. We just move on to the consolidated position for 
Manali Petrochemicals. We have a very strong consolidated financial 
structure and if we look at the liquidity ratios, we have 4.3 presently on 
the current ratio and 3.6 on the quick ratio, we clocked the top line of INR 
1,061 crores consolidated for the previous financial year 23-24 and 
considering the current on liquid assets, your company is very strong and 
having in an absolutely good position on the liquidity situation. The 
consolidated revenue shows a healthy trend in spite of tough global 
markets. So, we continue to, you know, expect a good stable platform for 
the years to come.  
We move on to the next slide. Yeah, If we look at the sales alone, excluding 
other income, we clocked top line sales of  INR 1,028 crores for the last 
financial year compared to INR 1,166 crores for the previous financial 
year.  
We move on to the next slide. A bit of analysis on the core products, what 
we have and the breakdown of product wise analysis, predominantly 63% 
of our product portfolio is from commodities and 37% from specialties. If 
we look at the product wise portfolio, propylene glycol stand stop at 27% 
of the overall portfolio followed by slab stock at 19%, the others of 31% 
includes our Thermo Ware, General Rigids, Coal cure modes, Notedome 
and PennWhite products as well and just to reiterate, we are the sole 
manufacturer of propylene oxide in India, a market leader in propylene 

 
 
glycol, polyols and PGMME and the only integrated polyol manufacturer 
in India.  
We move on to the next slide. We do have certain lessons learned from the 
last financial year. The slowdown in China has significantly increased 
imports into India, putting lot of pressure on our NRVs, especially slab 
stock. The increased raw material cost coupled with supply chain 
disruptions, increased transportation costs the month or so impact of 
Cyclone Michaung in December 23. All these have put a tremendous stress 
on our margins. However, we look forward to a more stable platform in 
the future. Despite imposition of anti-dumping duties, its impact on the 
export volumes limitation, we continue to rely on our own performance 
than on the government intervention on the ADD side of it, we move on 
to the next slide.  
The value building for our shareholders both on market capitalization and 
the net worth, we stand approximately at INR 1,000 crores now it's a very 
good performance compared to the previous years. Of course, leave alone 
the COVID period of two years, and we continue to maintain a 10-year 
unbroken record on dividend declaration and in spite of tough situation 
for 
the 
financial 
year  
2023-24, we had declared a 15% dividend to the shareholders and the good 
financial health supportive is definitely from our own you know, 
whatever efficiencies, improvements we bring in in our own activities, in 
our performance, in our operations and supporting the value of the 
shareholders by continually giving dividends is our focus and we will try 
to maintain that in the years to come.  
We move on to the next slide. For the future sustainable eco efficiency, 
some of the steps we have taken. First one is we have signed an MOU with 
Econic Technologies and in the following slide, I would request our 
chairman to give a brief on our association with Econic technologies. This 
is basically the waste CO2 will be utilized as a material for our CO2 based 
polyols, thereby reducing the impact of propylene oxide input into our 
polyols. This is one big way forward on our eco-friendly eco efficiency 
operation. We have already switched on to a 68% RE power for our energy 
utilization. We have signed 2 agreements with Thermax and Amplus we 
continue to use get the supplies and use the 68% of our energy resources 
through RE power and on the bio polyurethane, bio based raw materials 
have been introduced and we are working closely with two customers on 
bio-based MDI polymer for Notedome. This will definitely improve some 
of the ecofriendly activities undertaken by your company.  
Now MPL also is moving on to R-LNG platform as I briefed few minutes 
before for our Plan 2 operations and completely, we will come out of usage 
of furnace oil in our operations in Chennai.  
We move on to the next slide. I would request Chairman to say a few 
words on Econic association, please.  

 
 
Ashwin Muthiah:  
Chandru, I'm pleased to say that Manali Petrochemicals has entered into 
a very strategic partnership with the Econic in the UK. So, they are 
working on technology that is useful for our polyol manufacturing and of 
course, it helps us in reducing the carbon footprint. So, we have a 
arrangement where Econic technology is available to us and also to the 
Indian market. So, I hope very soon we will be able to incorporate this into 
our full-scale commercial production and thereby reducing our 
dependence gradually on the on fossil fuels. So, this is a little short brief 
from my side on Econic.  
R Chandrasekar: 
Thank you, chairman. Couple of more points before I hand over to Hugo. 
The effluent reduction, we work on an ETP technology. There is a study 
going on with CSIR NEERI to implement a ZLD process, though it may 
not be achievable in full, we are trying to get the study fully up and 
running and implement to the maximum possible to reduce the liquid 
discharge from our system. And on the second portion without waiting 
for the study to be completed and implemented, we have already installed 
the skids to reduce the aldehyde concentration in our product, which will 
reduce the batch time of our production cycle and will increase the quality 
of the Polyol and doesn't require downstream separation process. So, we 
are embarking on certain stable future feasibility implementation projects. 
Certainly, that will help in ecofriendly future for Manali Petro.  
The vision of Manali continues to continue continuously enhance our 
customer centric approach towards product customization and to 
upgrade safety and environmental standards for the betterment of the 
community at large. With this, I hand over to Mr. Hugo for the 
macroeconomic outlook of Manali. 
Hugo Chardon:  
Thank you, Chandru. Good afternoon, everyone. So, I will be covering 
very briefly the macro-outlook considering 3 things, local market, mega 
trends and the petrochemical industry. And as you can see on the 1st slide, 
the real question and I think I'm not the only one that is trying to figure it 
out is have we reached the bottom of the cycle yet? If you looked at India 
and the petrochemical industry for the past four to five years, we have 
seen two very different cycles since COVID.  
The first cycle actually started in 2020 when we saw a strong shift in 
consumer spending from services to good purchases. And at that time, 
that was also coupled with supply chain disruptions and strong local 
demand. That's why you have seen a very big uptick into your company's 
results.  
The second cycle, which is actually still going on today, started in 2022 
and that's when we started to see a strong slowdown led by the supply 
chain reopening inflation growing, which is slowly coming down now 
and a very strong local demand. So, this cycle from our perspective will 
still go on for at least a year, a year and a half. We are definitely looking at 
the recovery from China and we do not expect that recovery to come 
anytime soon. So, for us, we feel that we have reached the bottom of the 

 
 
cycle, but we don't feel that we are yet in a place where we are going to 
see a very strong growth and much less import from countries like China 
and the Middle East.  
If you look on the right-hand side, we have added the brent crude oil price. 
It has been declining and we still think that it will continue to soften. As 
most of you know, the brent crude oil prices are correlated, positively 
correlated with the propylene price. As you know, propylene is a 
byproduct of crude oil refining and Manali is a major purchaser of 
propylene. So, for us, obviously, if prices go up, our prices go up. If prices 
come down, our prices goes down. As you know, we are local a 
manufacturers and will not be exposed that much to the fluctuations 
between dollar and rupees.  
If you go to the next slide. These two graph are quite interesting because 
if you actually look at your company on a standalone basis without 
looking at the market, you would think that your company has done not 
so well in the past two years. But if you actually look at the petrochemical 
industry, considering most of the upstream chemicals that exist 
propylene, ethylene, benzene, most of them at a global scale, rate for most 
of the plants have come down significantly from 2020 and if you what I've 
mentioned in the first slide about the second portion of the two cycle that 
we have seen, you can see that during COVID, the global operation rate 
started to come down significantly and they have reached a bottom in 2022 
and still today with an increase of supply coming from China, we still feel 
that the operation rate with stay low. So, if you actually compare global 
operation rate versus Manali’s capacity utilization for the commodity 
product, we are very much in line with the market from 2020 to (2022). 
Global operation rate went down from 82% to about 65, if you look at your 
company from 2021-22 to 2023-2024, for Plant 1, we went from 82% to 72% 
for Plant 2, we went from 55% to 45%. So, we are very much in line with 
the global market on top of it, we are facing, as you know, heavy imports 
from China, which obviously are putting a lot of supply which is not being 
catered to the local market due to the slowdown of their own economy. So 
again, if we look at the global macro, your company is not doing that bad. 
Looking purely on the global operation rate and capacity situation from 
our plants. 
If you can move to the next slide. So that slide is mostly covering India as 
a country. If you see India has been in the news now for many months 
because of its stellar growth. Manufacturing sector has definitely been 
growing a lot. Public investment has been coming into India more and 
more. Luxury residential, real estate have been one of the key drivers for 
the country growth and as you know, India has always been protective of 
its own industry. But now you can see the country is very much inclined 
to work with the country around  the region.  
FY 2022 was the signing of the FTA with the UAE. This is a major 
milestone obviously for India as you now see a lot of capacity from the 
petrochemical, major petrochemical players coming from UAE. On the 

 
 
back of that Government of India has put in place a strong tariff policy but 
as Chandru said, we don't want to rely solely on the tariff policy from the 
government because otherwise it would mean that we're not thinking 
about our own growth, but we're just thinking about protective measures 
that have been given by the government and I don't think in the long term, 
that should be a strategy for us.  
In terms of the target of natural gas for a country like India, as we have 
put it into the right-hand side, 50% target of natural gas shares of India by 
2030. Currently it's about 6%, and as Chandru explained, we're working 
towards that.  
Apart from that, we are you know, we're very excited about the growth 
for the country in the next decade. I think that if good fiscal measures and 
reform are being worked on for the country, petrochemical will definitely 
be one of the sector that will grow with it.  
If we move to the next slide. This slide very much emphasized the 
sustainability angle for our industry on top of what as a company, we have 
been doing and I think the key take away is that while company like 
Manali must do their best in order to be first of all compliant with the new 
regulations and on top of being compliant, being ahead of the curve with 
the new technology to be more green and more sustainable. It cannot 
happen at the pace that some people say. The reason for that is company’s 
ultimately are moving as fast as possible, but implementation as all of you 
know takes time. It takes time and it takes large capital. So, company like 
Manali for example will do their best to implement new technology into 
their current processes. So Econic is one, DMC catalyst also is one to 
reduce the amount of PO and the EO that we're going to use in our 
product. So, what we see is that it's basically a work in progress and 
always a balance that the public, through the government policies and 
private company like Manali, must work together. But we don't really see 
a swift change and a strong disinvestment from any private companies, 
from fossil fuel related chemistry or anything of that sort. We see 
companies going down the road of being more sustainable, but also 
looking after the CapEx and the expenses which is what we are trying to 
do at Manali.  
Next slide please. So, I think that's it for the presentation. Thank you very 
much for staying with us throughout the presentation. I will hand over to 
the moderator to take any question that you may have.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. To 
ask a question, please click on the Q&A tab on the panel and click on the 
raise hand button. The operator will announce your name when it is your 
turn to ask a question. Please accept the prompt on your screen and 
unmute your microphone while proceeding with your question. We will 
wait for a moment while the question queue assembles.  

 
 
The first question is from the line of Tarun Saxena from Aditya Birla 
Finance Limited. Please go ahead.  
Tarun Saxena:  
Hi Hugo. Good to have listening from you about the outlook of the 
company. So, Hugo, I first of all, I must say that I'm very impressed by the 
ESG initiatives that the company is putting in place and the focus on 
sustainability going forward. And Mr. Chandrasekar also talked about, 
you know, the policy that you have of reducing the liquid discharge to 
Zero in the near future, if not immediately and that is something that we 
as investors to the company or we as financers to the company very much 
want to have with the company with the investing company that we have. 
So, my question to the panel is two-fold. First of all, that you know to 
reduce the carbon emissions and to have a policy of that sort requires 
substantial investment into the overall Capex outlay, and probably it 
would involve realigning of the processes to sort of, you know, get that 
desired result of reducing the emissions and everything. So, the first 
question is that you know what is the incremental cost that the company’s 
incurring to achieve that goal and how much pressure it puts on the 
margin of the company and how much does it, you know, put the 
company at a weaker pedestal in comparison to the other competitors who 
are not following such stringent norms for ESG initiatives. This is the first 
question. Second question would be more on the financials that I see that 
the top line of the company once it has shot up during the COVID years it 
has been going down considerably and you know in a manner it is 
showing a downward trend from 2021 onwards. So, first of all, what is the 
reason for that? And secondly, what is the outlook that the company has 
for the near future in terms of growth in revenues and margins? Thank 
you.  
Hugo Chardon:  
 
 
Thank you. Tarun. Chandru, do you want to take the first 
question?  
R Chandrasekar: 
Yes, Hugo. Yes, on the carbon reduction, we work on case-to-case basis 
work out the feasibility and then get into the mode of approval of CapEx 
through the Board. We haven't gone in you know on multiple activities at 
one go. To work on the Econic catalyst is one of the activity, to work on 
the ZLD reduction through study through NEERI is another activity, so 
we go in segments and once the study and feasibility is complete, then we 
get into the CapEx side of it and one by one, we go through the board 
approval, we are not going everything in one go. That is to answer your 
question on the carbon reduction CapEx. And on the financials, yes, the 
two years of peak what we have seen during COVID is with two factors. 
One, there were no imports allowed, so it was entirely Manali’s products, 
commodity products which was available in the market and the demand 
was so high that it could achieve a better price and margin. We can't expect 
the COVID situation to continue forever we are back to pre-COVID levels. 
So even though you can see a drop in the top line and margins, it's not 
necessarily a drop. It's reaching the pre COVID levels and with all the 
optimization activities and you know efforts we do to improve our 

 
 
performance and product portfolio, we should be on a stable platform in 
the days to come. That's from my side Hugo.  
Hugo Chardon:  
I'll just add two things, Tarun, on the CO2 reduction, there are two things 
as you rightly mentioned, there are large scale projects and there are 
announcement of current technology because ultimately Manali is not a 
technology provider. We are a manufacturer. So Manali always we have 
to work with technology provider to manufacture polyols. The reality is 
today when you look at the new plants that have been put in China that 
have been put for example by DOW in the US, only a handful of those 
plants have full green aspect into their technology. If you look at, for 
example Econic, it's a public information, they have entered into an 
agreement with Changhua  in China, which is a very large manufacturers 
of Polyol in order to manufacture polyol using a chronic catalyst. They are 
much larger than us in terms of the volume that they manufacture. But in 
terms of how far they are going with the green angle, they are at the same 
level as us. They work with Econic on the special agreement for China. We 
work with Econic on the special agreement for India. Now if you look for 
example of DOW which put it recently, a PO and PG and polyol 
manufacturing plant in Texas, I think that was in January 2024, they 
managed to get what's called the ISCC Plus certification and that is 
specifically for circular and bio circular solutions, which means that 
they're using, they're decoupling fossil feed start by using waste source 
feed star. So that's always something we can implement. For example, 
when we look at the new plant in the West, right, so that's the first part 
when you're talking about technology and things that can be done. In 
terms of pure engineering and technology that you can buy from provider, 
if you look at the brand-new plant for Polyols with brand new technology, 
which doesn't really give you a green factor to it, but maybe a better 
quality of PO and Polyol, you're talking about multi hundreds of billions 
of dollars in order to build those kinds of plants. For us in the West, we 
are going with the current technology that we have using the green 
credential that we know through Econic, through the DMC catalyst that is 
for example used by our competitors in the West. So, there are two things 
to look at. One is at large scale. What can we do, the reality is today even 
the large players like DOW and Changhua  are not doing much more than 
us when it's come to put green plant, they're just getting certification or 
they're just recycling fits up. On the technology itself, we will use our 
current technology because we feel that with the R&D work that we're 
able to do, we are able to bring down those numbers that, you know, make 
everyone a bit worried with regards to the sustainability and then we 
regard to the revenue, I think I agree with Chandru, COVID was definitely 
a special year that we very much enjoyed. The next two years have been 
obviously difficult. The company also went through management 
changes, which also was very important for your company. Now we are 
recruiting more people and the reality is that we've never had so many 
projects internally to be looking for. I mean we are going into a very large 
expansion for propylene glycol with 45% market share in India. We want 

 
 
to grow that because it doesn't require Ethylene Oxide for example going 
into the West will be the first of its kind for a company like Manali that 
has been operating in the South. So, there are a lot of projects. PennWhite 
is doing very well. We're going to have a manufacturing site in India, so 
even though we don't have fixed revenue expectation and forecast, we are 
definitely working towards increasing revenue through organic growth 
instead of just looking at it on a flat basis and saying that we should just 
be back at where it was before COVID, I think now the key is to just go 
beyond what it was before COVID. I hope this was helpful.  
Moderator:  
 
 
Tarun does that answer your question?  
Tarun Saxena:   
 
Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Thank you so much.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We'll move on to the next question. The next question is from 
the line of Aditya Khetan from Smiths Institutional Equities. Please go 
ahead.  
Aditya Khetan:  
Yes, Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So, my first question is, Sir, when 
we look at the numbers, so consolidated numbers from 2016 to around 
2024, Sir, we are more or less standing at a similar EBITDA. But when we 
look at the top line, we had almost doubled. So, I just want to know so 
onto the raw material side, which are our major raw material and are we 
able to pass on the incremental price or the RM price to the end customers? 
If yes, then what is the reason why there is such an increase in the raw 
material cost? And that has not flown through the EBITDA. So, this is the 
first question and 2nd Sir. So, with these new projects which you had 
mentioned, which will be coming on stream into the propylene glycol and 
all, where you see so, so two to three years down the line, we could be 
standing in terms of revenue and EBITDA?  
Hugo Chardon:  
 
 
Thank you. I will let Chandru take this question.  
R Chandrasekar: 
Sure. Thank you, Aditya. Thank you, Hugo. Right. Our major raw material 
is propylene which is you know 70% of our consumption. That depends 
on the price of butane and propane and the international market price of 
crude so obviously you know it fluctuates on a monthly basis and it's fixed 
by the government entities which supplies our raw materials. To answer 
your specific question, we can't be passing on the raw material increase 
directly on to the consumers because the end price of commodities, they 
are heavily dependent on the import prices and as we briefed number of 
times in our presentation, we are influenced heavily by dumping of 
imports mainly from China and other Far East countries, and the import 
price whatever is available, we have to somehow match or live with that, 
otherwise we won't have these volumes and products moving in the 
market. So, we directly answer your question, we can't be in a position to 
pass on the increase of raw materials directly to customer. On to the 
second question. Yes, we can in general say we are trying to improve both 
on top line and EBITDA levels, but it would be an UPSI information to 
discuss about 2-3 years of revenue and EBITDA in this forum. But 

 
 
obviously yes, all efforts are being done to stabilize, improve the top line 
as well as EBITDA matches. Thank you.  
Aditya Khetan:  
Sir, just a follow on to this, Sir, onto the raw material side. So as and when 
the crude prices fall, so your raw material also fall. So, like is there any 
sort of pricing power like we can keep so we can improve our margins. So 
currently we are witnessing that the crude prices are declining so into this 
situation, this is a positive for the company or a negative?  
R Chandrasekar: 
Certainly, crude prices falling will be good for the company, but obviously 
the end prices of our input raw materials are fixed by the state-owned 
companies and we don't have a say over it. We you know we can't demand 
the crude prices have dropped, so reduce our prices. We are not in that 
situation. We have to heavily depend on the state run utilities to fix the 
month-on-month prices and supply to us, but obviously a lower crude 
price will drive down the input prices of our raw materials and that 
should be good for the company and the shareholders.  
Aditya Khetan:  
And Sir, on to that import duty. So, is there any chance for so where the 
government is increasing the import duty or imposing an anti-dumping 
duty for this product?  
R Chandrasekar: 
To answer that specifically, we already have certain ruling ADD ruling in 
our favor. We have two such ruling in favor of flexible slab stock Polyol 
from Singapore till June 25. We have two rulings from Saudi on flexible 
slab stock Polyol from April 2021 on till April 2026, but the government 
can go on specific applications on products with specific countries. It can't 
have an all-encompassing law for import duties on these dumpings which 
are happening. So presently we have a case which has been a finding has 
been published by DGTR in favor of, you know, imposing ADD on China 
and Thailand imports on flexible slab stock polyol which is yet to be 
confirmed by Ministries up in the hierarchy. So obviously we have to wait 
for such favorable decisions. But as we briefed in the presentation itself 
and Hugo, we won't really wait for the ADD ruling to come in, you know, 
in the near future or later, we would work on optimizing our own 
resources and improving the margins, but any help from government on 
ADD ruling is certainly welcome and that will improve our performance 
definitely.  
Aditya Khetan:  
 
Thank you, Sir. Thank you. That's it from my side.  
R Chandrasekar: 
 
 
Thank you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aashav Patel from 
Molecule Ventures. Please go ahead.  
Aashav Patel:  
Thank you for the opportunity. So, my question is that the DGTR 
recommended ADD on flexibles slab stock polyols based on the final 
findings published on 28th of March 2024. So ideally, Ministry of Finance 
imposes or reject an application within three months. But in our case, it 
has been over six months, but we have not heard any update on the same. 

 
 
So, do you think it would actually be imposed going ahead or there could 
be a situation wherein ADD is not imposed because incremental pin point 
over the last two years, in terms of imports were largely from China and 
Thailand, and this ADD was precisely catering to that pinpoint of 
imports.  
R Chandrasekar: 
Thank you Aashav. To answer your question on this particular finding of 
DGTR. Yes, they have to give a ruling in three months’ time, but obviously 
they have extended it by certain clarifications and queries which they are 
still picking up from the market as well as from specific consumers. They 
have not so far taken a decision on accepting the findings or rejecting the 
findings, but the fact that it is still live itself shows that government is 
considering some. So, we keep a positive outlook on that, we do expect 
government to support Make in India initiative. We are the largest 
integrated polyol manufacturer and government is expected to support us 
under the Make in India scheme and we do hope sincerely hope 
government takes a very pragmatic view of this DGTR finding on 28th 
March 2024. 
Aashav Patel:  
Got it, Sir. And just to follow up question on the same that as per the as 
mentioned in the PPT our FY 2024 breakdown and revenues Slabstock 
Polyols accounted for close to 20% base and system Polyols accounted 
close to 5% each and Pre-Polymers accounted for 10%. So, I just wanted to 
verify the ongoing ADT which we are discussing about if and all it applies 
then what proportion of our sales mix does it impact positively?  
R Chandrasekar: 
Sir, we have a capacity of 45,000 tons for polyols in our facility in Chennai 
and if the government is supportive of this ADD predominantly, I would 
say 60% of the imports which come from China and Thailand and the 
balance 40% from Singapore, that will certainly you know, improve our 
share of the product portfolio from 19%, it could go even up to 30-35%.  
Aashav Patel:   
 
OK. But it would impact only the slab stock polyols product?  
R Chandrasekar: 
That's right. That's right. It's a product specific. It's not, you know global 
this thing, it's a country specific under product specific.  
Aashav Patel:  
 Got it Sir, another question in the in the standalone, even the PG segment 
is a very large product for us and as per the stand-alone profit and loss 
account in FY 2024, the company is operating at breakeven margins. Does 
that mean that the PG segment is also facing dumping currently, which 
was historically a better segment than Polyols in terms of margins and 
better capacity utilization?  
R Chandrasekar: 
Yes, perfect. You are right. On the PG segment, on the industrial grade 
and fragrance grade, there is a dumping happening now. So, the market 
is facing pressure on the NRV's because of the dumping on these two 
segments of PG. Otherwise the margins could have been better.  
Aashav Patel:  
OK and do you see any sign of improvements in the PG market 
specifically?  

 
 
R Chandrasekar: 
It will improve. That is why we are we have, you know, ventured into this 
capacity expansion. The advantage is we give a five-year guarantee on our 
product. That's the USP what we have. And then when there are quality 
issues pointed out by agencies, drug control authorities, Manali is the first 
person to be there, attend to the query and sort it out. So, we give a 
complete backup to the consumers and the industry which uses our 
product. So, on the PG segment, the USP continues. We continue to give a 
five-year guarantee and we stand specifically on a high platform on that.  
Aashav Patel:  
Yeah. Just to summarize, FY 2023 and 2024 standalone level spreads were 
lowest in the last entire decade now. So, can we say the FY 2025 
profitability would be an inflection point for the company and we can see 
a revival this financial year itself towards the main profitability level?  
R Chandrasekar: 
You know, certainly you have seen the Q1 numbers of FY 2024-25. So 
certainly, you know we are on a stable wicket and if government is going 
to support in the short run on rolling on the ADD from China and 
Thailand dumping and the couple of other factors on PG and the capacity 
increase, what we are working out, certainly you know we are in for good 
times. 
Aashav Patel:  
A follow up question on the capacity increase as you rightly mentioned. 
So, in PG phase one we are doing capacity CapEx of around 100 crores. 
So, when do we expect it to actually start contributing in terms of volumes 
in the numbers? 
R Chandrasekar: 
We should be completing the project in Q2 of FY 2025. So immediately 
from there on, we should be focusing more on marketing the additional 
capacities what we have.  
Aashav Patel:  
And that would account for close to 32,000 metric ton of PG, is that right?  
R Chandrasekar: 
Yeah, additional capacity, but we won't expect this whole thing to move 
in right from day one. So, it will be in stages. Yeah, it will be in stages.  
Aashav Patel:  
Got it. And same questions Sir for polyester polyols, when is it expected 
to come the 8,000 MT?  
R Chandrasekar: 
So, the first phase is already completed and we are using it for our captive 
consumption. The second phase should be up and running in by end of 
Q3 or beginning of Q4 that should be available for market to consume it.  
Aashav Patel:  
Got it, Sir and Sir, how is current realization of PG and polyol segment? 
How has it moved over the last few months and what are the expected 
volumes for both this segment for FY 2025, I understand pricing we can't 
estimate but at least volume.  
R Chandrasekar: 
And I'm, I'm afraid we can't go in depth into that being a UPSI 
information, but certainly, you know, based on Q1 trend, you can expect 
good things to turn around.  

 
 
Aashav Patel:  
OK. And what would be the current capacity utilization for Notedome 
and PennWhite subsidiaries?  
R Chandrasekar: 
 
 
Yeah, I would leave it to the CEOs to respond to that, just a 
minute.  
Aashav Patel:   
 
Sure.  
Gurumurthy Nagarajan: 
Yeah, at notebook level, I mean, our capacity is around in excess of you 
know  
50% to 60%. So, there's still plenty of room to grow without making 
significant investments, but we cautiously operate in the premium end of 
the product line. So, we are not so focused on increasing the capacity 
utilization or playing filling the plant with commodity product. Our aim 
is to be on the specialty end of products so that long term still with the 
profits as well as stickiness of the customers exist. Hope that helps, over 
to your Mr. Tobias, Thank you.  
Tobias Tasche:  
Yeah. Thanks very much very much, Gurumurthy. And from PennWhite’s 
perspective, I can only mimic what in effect Gurumurthy says. I mean also 
PennWhite is very much focused on the premium end of the segment. So, 
we have no intrinsic desire or need to max out a plant. We don't 
necessarily have a very high minimum utilization rates that we need to 
pay off a capital investment for instance. Typically, we run at the moment 
after a number of debottlenecking activities under new ownership at 
about 50% utilization, which we foresee is enough for the next few years. 
So, we have an ambitious growth plan, but we foresee no major need for 
CapEx in the next three to five years, we can do quite a lot with the free 
asset capacity we have any further expansion that we will need to support 
will be primarily by putting more feet on the ground to about staff rather 
than capital investment.  
Aashav Patel:  
OK. And Sir, it was mentioned in the PPT regarding the 30,000 MT 
expansion on the standalone in Western India. So, can you please throw 
some more light on the same, what sort of product profiling are you 
targeting? What is the expected timeline to commence the CapEx and 
when does the plant actually start? What would be the EBITDA 
expectation for the same?  
R Chandrasekar: 
As of now, I can only, you know, give information on the CapEx what we 
have budgeted and the IR payback period what we have worked out. We 
are in the very initial stage of this expansion project. In the days to come 
maybe after a quarter we will come to know more on the development of 
this expansion work. This is on a on a very preliminary scale and we tried 
to cover 30,000 tons of systems polyols catering from the Western India 
expansion.  
Aashav Patel:  
Sure, Sir. Thank you to the entire team for answering out all the questions 
and this was very insightful conversation. As feedback, I would like to 
communicate that if we can do this quarterly phone call frequently that 

 
 
would be very helpful to stay updated with the company. Thank you so 
much for your time. Thank you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirav Jimudia from Anvil 
Wealth Management Limited. Please go ahead.  
Nirav Jimudia:  
Yes, Sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, most of the questions have been 
answered on. I just want to understand from you, like you mentioned to 
the earlier participants that we were having the lower capacity utilization  
on the polyol side just because the prices were not remunerative, so just 
wanted to understand from you like when we see our production process 
like when we start from all the way from propylene to conversion to 
propylene oxide and further to one of the product is let's say propylene 
glycol and another is polyol. Because of the unavailability of, let's say 
propylene in the domestic market or the higher prices of propylene, we 
were slightly constrained in terms of our production and on the other end 
also the factors what you mentioned about the prices were also correct. So, 
if you can just explain in terms of whether the availability of propylene in 
the domestic market could help us improve the utilization rates or let's say 
long term contracts on the propylene side at a slightly better pricing could 
help us to get those margins between propylene and propylene oxide to 
improve the profitability as well as the utilization levels. This was my 
question.  
Management: 
Sure. Yeah. Rightly put up by you if there is an impact on the you know, 
input prices on propylene, certainly the outturn cost for our propylene 
oxide, PG and PY will definitely be a good factor for us, so yes, if there is 
a propylene availability capacity increase in India overall, that will help 
us stabilize the price and there could be more supplies and availability 
available for our input raw material that will obviously ease out the stress 
on increased cost on the input raw material side of it and that will certainly 
have the further conversion, you know, costs of PG and PY betterment for 
us to improve the margins on that, but the end product is obviously 
determined by the dumping which is happening as of now. The mindless 
dumping which is happening so we don't have a control as of now on the 
end result on the margins. So, we have to have a wait and watch situation. 
How we obviously are reacting to the dumping side of it, how government 
is going to help us further they Make in India process and obviously as 
you rightly mentioned, the import the input price of propylene, if that 
eases out with more capacities, that will improve both the capacity 
utilization as well as the margin side.  
Nirav Jimudia:  
So, Sir, if you can help us explain like as compared to the players who will 
be producing propylene oxide globally through the propylene route, how 
much because most of them would be integrated I suppose and we not 
being a producer of propylene and has to rely on the domestic market for 
the requirement of propylene, how extra we must be paying on in terms 
of the propylene cost and because of which those margins are getting 
compromised at this point of time, A. And B is there any other alternative 
to produce propylene oxide or any other route available in the world, 

 
 
probably world maybe moving towards some better production process 
through which the utilization of propylene to that extent comes down and 
we could also adopt those routes and improve on the availability of 
propylene oxide because I guess if propylene is not available, even the 
propylene oxide imports to India would be at that price, which would 
curtail us from further converting into let's say polyols or propylene 
glycol. So, your thoughts on same.  
R Chandrasekar: 
Sir, that's the reason why we have started this association with Econic. You 
know that should to a good percentage of our input materials, we will 
reduce the dependency of propylene based raw material for our PG and 
PY. So, the more we work closely and are successful in implementing the 
Econic CO2 based polyols, we will be reducing our dependency on the 
PO. So, to cut short, you know the overall analysis of what alternate 
available, I've given this brief on Econic.  
Nirav Jimudia:  
Got it, Sir. Thank you so much and wish the entire team of Manali, all the 
best.  
Management:  
 
Thank you so much, Sir.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We'll move on to the text questions. The first question is from 
Keshav Garg from Counter Cyclical PMS. And the question is what is the 
outlook 
for  
FY 2025 in terms of top line and bottom line? What is the steady state 
operating margin can we expect going forward? What is our current 
capacity and utilization levels? What is the peak revenue potential at 
optimum utilization? What is the scope PF margin improvement over the 
next 2-3 years?  
R Chandrasekar: 
I think we have answered this in the previous questions with the voice 
queries which were raised. It will be not feasible to give the UPSI 
information as far as the future trends and expectations on the margins 
over two to three years. However, on capacities, the utilization and the 
raw material input cost, we have given a brief. So, I think we have 
answered the query.  
Moderator:  
Alright. We'll move on to the next question. The next question is from 
Dhruv Patel. The question is what are the updates about the anti-dumping 
duties?  
R Chandrasekar: 
Yeah, I think I've given a brief on country wise ADD presently available 
and the present position of the latest DGTR finding as well. So, I think we 
have answered that query.  
Moderator:  
All right. The next question is from Disha Shah and the question is Hi, I 
have two questions. Please help me with some clarity. First, with 
PennWhite starting its India operations, what revenue will it contribute to 
the overall top line in the next 2-3 years? Second, you mentioned about the 
new project in Western India. Can you elaborate on the same?  

 
 
Tobias Tasche: 
Yes, thanks very much for that question. Yes, of course, the $64,000 
question, isn't it what this revenue will be contributed? I mean the reality 
is of course that we have high expectations of the Indian market and we're 
still trying to assess what the total market is that is addressable for us. We 
know that the total market size for foam control chemistry in the Indian 
market is around 35,000 tons so there about and you know we are looking 
to see what is the addressable volume. Clearly, we are not in the 
commodity segment there. We really are focused on our premium 
segment, which we reckon is about half of that. We also know that 
typically about half of that half is imported. These are companies in India 
that are importing, you know, reputable foam control chemistries from 
international players manufactured to the highest standards. In particular, 
that part of the segment we think is addressable to us and of course, this 
is an important input point for the current assessment work we are doing 
to work out if a manufacturing location for us in India itself would make 
sense. We have for many years already had an export business in India, 
which is at the moment relatively modestly sized. Our longer-term 
ambition clearly would be to have about potentially up to 10% of the total 
market demand for foam control chemistry. But in order for us to achieve 
that really local manufacture would be a necessary precondition, which is 
about as detailed as I want to be at this stage.  
R Chandrasekar: 
And we have answered the question on project in Western India in detail 
before.  
Moderator:  
All right. We'll move on to the next question. The next question is from 
Vinith Jain from Siddh Capital and the question is who are the competition 
to PennWhite in the domestic market in India?  
Tobias Tasche: 
Well, I mean, in reality, of course there are a number of global players in 
very active in surfactant chemistry in general, the Dow, chemicals of this 
world, Henkel, the Wacker, some of which have a presence in India 
already. They don't necessarily compete in the same space that we are 
operating in. In the more specialist segments for foam control in 
particular, you know there are a number of international players with a 
regional focus. Typically, some of the European competitors that are our 
competitors here in Europe, we do see in India as well and there are quite 
a number of local players in India, really local Indian players who are 
active, but they tend to focus really on the entry level of the market, not 
the higher level, not the premium segment, so to speak. So, we don't see 
them as a competitor. You know, some of our typical competitors in 
Europe are, you know the likes and again you know we don't see the likes 
of DOW or Henkel or Wacker as competitors because they focus just 
because of their size on a different type and a different segment of the 
market. Typically, we are looking at competitors like Schill and Seilacher 
Blackburn chemicals, Momentive, Bussetti similar players in the segment 
in Europe.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have a voice question from Ujin Shah, who's an individual 
investor. Please go ahead.  

 
 
Ujin Shah:  
OK. Hi Manali team. I just wanted to ask one question. Are the PG and 
Polyol are related and the spreads of the PG expected to get better with 
expected ADD on Polyol or the prices are unrelated to them? That's my 
question.  
R Chandrasekar: 
Thank you, Sir. The prices are not necessarily related. PG has its own, you 
know costing structure and the polyols and today polyols are getting 
affected by so much of dumping happening PG only to certain extent and 
the prices are not directly related.  
Ujin Shah:  
 
 
OK, Sir. That's from my side, thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Hugo Chardon - Head of strategy, AMIH, for 
closing comments.  
Hugo Chardon:  
Sure. So, thank you everyone for joining us today, it was really great to 
spend this time with you going through our strategy. I hope this was 
helpful. We will make sure that we continue doing this exercise going 
forward. I would like to extend my sincere thank you to all of you and all 
the participant to making time. It was, I feel, a very productive session and 
we truly value our interaction with you. So, I hope to see you soon and if 
you have any queries and suggestions, they are always welcome and we 
definitely encourage you to reach out to our team for any further question 
that you may have. Thank you everyone and I hope and we hope to, to see 
you soon and discuss further.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Manali Petrochemicals 
Limited that concludes today's session. Thank you for your participation. 
You may now click on the exit meeting to disconnect.  
