             
  
 
 
Ref. No. CS/S/L-819/2024-25 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        4th November, 2024 
 
To:  
The Listing Department 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
“Exchange Plaza” 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E ), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: VMART 
Fax: 022-26598120 
Email: cmlist@nse.co.in  
To: 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
THE BSE LTD 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 534976 
Fax: 022-22723121 
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on 30th October, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
and amendment thereof. In reference to our letter dated October 24, 2024 (Ref. No. CS/S/L-812/2024-25) 
regarding the intimation of the conference call with Analysts and Investors held on 30th October, 2024, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the aforementioned conference call. 
 
The above information is also available on the Company's website: www.vmart.co.in.  
 
We request you to kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Truly 
For V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
 
Megha Tandon 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) 
 
Encl: As above 
MEGHA 
TANDON
Digitally signed by 
MEGHA TANDON 
Date: 2024.11.04 
17:42:27 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“V-Mart Retail Limited 
Q2 FY ’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
MR. LALIT AGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
V-MART RETAIL LIMITED 
 
 
MR. ANAND AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – V-MART RETAIL LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
 
MS. VAISHNAVI MANDHANIYA – ANAND RATHI 
SHARE AND STOCK BROKERS 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to V-Mart's Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call 
hosted by Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers. As a reminder, all participant line will be in 
listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask question after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Vaishnavi Mandhaniya from Anand Rathi Share and 
Stock Brokers. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Vaishnavi Mandhaniya: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers, it's 
our pleasure to host the Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of V-Mart Retail Limited. From 
the management side today, we have Mr. Lalit Agarwal, Managing Director; and Mr. Anand 
Agarwal, CFO. 
 
I'll now hand over the call to the management for the opening remarks, followed by a Q&A 
session. Thank you. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Thank you, Vaishnavi. Good morning, everyone. Happy Dhanteras. Happy Diwali to all our 
listeners and all the participants and in addition our investors. It's really a busy day here at retail, 
at V-Mart, people are very, very busy right now. We are towards the end of the festive journey. 
 
Definitely, post the election, there has been slight recovery in the market. We have seen some 
betterment in the consumer sentiment. There are some positive signs of recovery, both in rural 
as well as urban. But yes, urban has been a little bit of a struggle, but some part of rural has 
recovered. 
 
And we are seeing some increase in customer confidence. It was definitely there till now. We 
are seeing some pressure also coming in especially because of inflation, because of seasonality, 
because of rain. Somewhere it's becoming a little more extra and somewhere it’s becoming a 
cyclone. So some of those pieces are also stuff which have been causing some concerns towards 
the end of monsoon and towards the start of October. 
 
So we have definitely seen some betterment in the overall scenario in the consumer space, in the 
consumption space. There has been definitely some betterment even in the way of the income, 
disposable income, what we see for the consumers, which we can analyze and understand that 
their confidence to buy and buy more is coming up. So we should see good time coming in. 
 
Definitely, there are some consumer behavioral change that we are witnessing because more and 
more aspirations are getting in, more and more fashion is kicking in, especially in the younger 
demography, which is the youth, the early teenagers. We are seeing a lot of that happening. 
There is definitely more and more retail also coming in, in the market, and more and more 
organized is coming in. 
 
So the preference for the organized retail is that we are seeing a little more from the consumer 
perspective. Even the rural audience now wants to go to a small organized store, where we have 
more, or go to a value retail, which is bigger retailers. 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
So there has been definitely more and more retailer stores' doors opening up. We are seeing 
competition opening up more stores. We have been seeing that the competition is also trying 
with multiple other stuff, bringing in newer merchandise, bringing in newer fashion, bringing in 
the new ways of experience provided in the retail here. 
 
Definitely, more moneys is being chased to the retailers. So more confident they are. They 
definitely want to spend more that could communicate well, create freshness in the store, trying 
to integrate technology. 
 
So a lot of things are going on in the value retail space especially and we all know that. So those 
are good news, but it also gives a lot of goodness in the system, which also makes a lot of 
unnecessary things go away, and people are becoming a bit more profit-centric as we are. So 
that's some good news. 
 
But yes, brands continue to have a little tough time, which is premium and a little more of price-
sensitive or price-heavy brands, which seems to be struggling in the market. But value retailers 
seem to be enjoying a good time. 
 
Most of the value retailers which are largely built out of East India or even Northern India have 
been seeing good stuff coming in. Eastern Indian retailers have not seen very good Pujo 
comparing with the last year, Durga Pujo. So they are seeing some growth coming in, but not 
high growth coming in from there. 
 
But yes, overall, we are optimistic on the value retail side. So I think we continue our focus on 
building the strength, the core strengths of that good customer experience, good customer 
product experience. So I think that is our core area that we continue as V-Mart, working on, 
improving largely on product quality, product designing, integrating the sourcing, integrating 
the supply chain. 
 
Both from the perspective of the fabric manufacturer, to the product manufacturer, to the 
logistics, to the warehousing and then back to the stores, and indicating the technology between 
integrating a lot of processes in between, bringing in an element of sustainability, bringing in 
element of compliance, bringing in new element of taking care of even the environment. 
 
So a lot of those things are also being brought into, along with our focus on improving the real 
quality. And also working a little more on the turnaround time of design to display, of our 
product to the store reaching time, integrating more with the vendors, aligning and creating 
alliances with good vendors. 
 
So some of these things have really improved. And I think we've also worked a lot on the store 
experiences, internal store display mechanisms, the way the products should be displayed, laid 
out, the whole piece on the internal furniture fixtures, and the look and feel of the store, internal 
renovations of the store, internal optimization of display, optimization of space, optimization of 
operations, and enhancing the consumer experience. 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
So I think consumer experience enhancement is one thing that we have really worked on. And 
that, I think, is very, very important to us. And I think it's more about people, it's more about 
culture that ultimately, at levels, enhance the experience to the consumer. 
 
So we at V-mart have also tried to initiate a lot of those collaborative work at the peak levels, 
within the stores, within the regions, within the zones, trying to bring in a good competition 
within the team, creating a better experience. So we took some house approach, we took some 
team approach, and then collaborated and fostered a real positive culture at the store level. 
 
And both at the backend as well as the front-end integrated a lot of synergies, integrated a lot of 
coordination and collaboration. So I think what we understood that playing music at an 
individual level was not working. It has to be in a rhythm. It has to be orchestrated well so that 
it doesn't come out as noise, it comes up as what the markets trend as good music that we play. 
 
So I think that's the area that we are trying to strengthen on. Ultimately, when your organization 
becomes larger and bigger, these are changes, challenges that starts happening. People starts 
getting in silos. People start behaving in their own KPIs, in their own domains and becoming 
universally controlled. 
 
So how do you align on those, it's all about the integration of all these elements of the 
organization. So that it really comes out as music. So that's the opportunity that I'm sensing and 
that's the key thing that we are trying to work on, which gives us a scalability approach, a 
scalability platform for a sustainable growth. 
 
And that's the area that we want to work, both either on the marketing perspective, trying to 
focus on the consumers that the merchandising team is focusing on, and that is what the 
marketing team has to focus on. That's how the retail store has to look like. And that is how the 
whole consumer piece gets blended in that consumer which comes in. 
 
For example, a healthy consumer, which is a younger demography wants certain kind of 
communication, wants a certain kind of product, wants a certain kind of customer experience at 
the stores, wants a certain kind of products, and then they wanted a certain kind of brand and 
brand customers, which they relate to. 
 
That's the kind of work we are trying to do, aligning it into digital preferences, aligning with an 
omnichannel approach, bringing the omnichannel piece internally, creating more better 
processes in the app where customers can also checkout digitally and do a lot of things. So some 
of those things are really working on. 
 
More and more focus is being given on customer centricity. Very, very high thought process 
coming in from what is the customer looking like? How do we look at the consumer persona? 
How do we really look at their journeys? How do we look at their behavior and changing 
behavior? 
 
How would they behave on the same age group, lives in a small town, coming from a village or 
a customer living in the bigger city? What is a change in their behavior, their customer, their 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
aspiration? And how do you really link it and create a digital experience and create a digital 
integrated technology also, which would actually keep doing it regularly. 
 
So some of those areas are really been worked on. Team has really built good piece on digital 
transformation, enhancing one-click shopping, which is the self-checkout as well as the omni-
channel experience at the store level, getting a lot of those pieces in. There's a lot of work which 
is happening even in the planning and the inventory management. 
Because looking at the opportunity, we also took some risks, we also planned, and seasonality 
is one big piece in India, and especially for us, because we operate a lot in Northern India. So 
Northern Indians, we've a lot of seasonal change in this period of time when you are in summer 
and then move into autumn and suddenly you start moving in the winter. 
 
Winter has been showing very, very differentiated, I mean, unpredictable winter is coming in. 
We have seen a very, very warm October this year. So we try to manage all of this with the 
inventory, with the store allocation, with the store space management and that the customer 
worked upon. 
So there are the key things that our planning and inventory team really, really worked upon, that 
actually working on an auction level, working at an assortment level, working at a consumers -
- customer level. It's something that we're trying to integrate in technology and trying to work 
which can become automated. So those are some of the area. 
 
But we see a lot of opportunities. We definitely see the value of retail market been growing 
much, much more. We see this whole lower middle class consumers experiencing moving in the 
middle class, trying to look different, trying to ask for differentiated product, trying to be at par 
with their international trends or international audience. So I think that is something which is 
the core of our thought process and the sort of opportunity that we look at into. 
 
And I think the young population is driving a lot of demand, and that will be the driving demand 
or driving force for the demand, for 2030, and that's what we are trying to focus on. So we are 
seeing a lot of digital adoption also coming in. Customer now talking about digitalization, 
consumer are getting it inside of all of those. So these are the number of things. 
 
But yes, at the V-Mart levels, we built in the past whether it is infrastructure of warehouses, 
building those warehouses, which has now become very, very normal, very, very operational, 
very agile, reducing the cost, bringing in more opportunities to grow our market. 
 
We did a great job in also opening up more stores, we did a great job this time. I really congrats 
the entire V-Mart team and Unlimited for really bringing in high growth in the new store 
openings. We really added a lot of stores in this particular quarter, and the coming quarter also. 
So some of these things happen. 
 
We are definitely attracting lot of consumers, a lot of repeat consumers as well, which is also a 
good thing, which has been showed up, a repeat consumer or the sales from repeat consumers 
has almost touched 70%. So that's a big news for us. The customer confidence is very clearly 
coming out. 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
We are now tracking customer NPS. Rate is also going very up. It is actually showing up better 
than 60% NPS scorecard. So some of those areas, I think, is giving us a lot of boost for our long-
term growth, making consumer happy. Working on the operations in the area, which is actually 
more forward focused. 
More future focused, trying to create an environment, create a platform, which can actually 
multiply 2x or 2.5x in 3, 4 years. So that's the kind of work we are trying to do at V-Mart level. 
But there are lots to be talked about. I will hand over this call to Anand, our CFO, who will take 
you into the numbers of the quarter. 
And then we can do some few questions that you have. Thank you so much. Once again, wishing 
Happy Diwali to everyone. 
Anand Agarwal: 
Thank you, Lalit, and good morning, everyone. Let me take you through some of the key 
operational highlights from the quarter, and then we can open the session for questions.  
Quarter 2 usually is a small quarter. But has been an overall good growth quarter this year with 
good news to our store additions as well as good like-to-like same store sales growth, leading to 
an overall sales growth of around 20%. 
 
We opened 16 new stores and delivered an LTL of 15% with V-Mart growing a healthy 16% 
and Unlimited at 11%. We had closed 12 Unlimited stores towards the end of last year. The 
benefit of which should start accruing in the Unlimited sales growth numbers from quarter 4 this 
year onwards. Interestingly, memos, while the footfalls have also increased by almost 47%, 50%, 
but the bills cut also increased by 20%, with a 4% increase in ASP for apparels. The ASP increase 
is in line with the change in festive mix versus last year due to slightly early onset of Pujo this 
year. 
 
We closed 2 V-Marts stores in the current quarter. As also conveyed in the last quarter's call, 
most of the store closures or corrections have already been undertaken last year, barring 4 or 5, 
which may still happen over the course of the current year in case their performance does not 
improve. But we remain hopeful of reviving these stores also as part of the improvement drive 
already underway. 
 
For the full year, we still maintain our guidance of opening around 55 to 60 stores in the current 
year. The festive calendar has begun on a strong note with East India leading the charge with 
Puja. The early signs have remained positive, although delayed winters in North India remains 
a watch-out area as of now. 
 
Looking now at margins. I think the gross margin at an overall level decreased by 1% year-on-
year due to the decrease in commission revenues from LimeRoad Marketplace business by 53%, 
which contributes only 1.5% to the overall sales, but goes 100% into gross margins. So this is 
an optical correction. But otherwise, excluding LimeRoad commission income, the gross margin 
actually improved by 0.6% year-on-year for the offline business on the back of lower discounting 
and higher festive sales mix. 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
 
On a full year basis, the gross margins from offline business should remain similar to last year 
as we continue to drive giving higher value to customers and focusing on growth through 
volumes, while the LimeRoad commission income contribution mix would slightly reduce, 
optically reducing gross margin versus last year on a total basis. 
 
Coming to expenses. The total expenses have decreased by 3% year-on-year, largely led by a 
significant drop in LimeRoad marketing expenses by 74% year-on-year. The marketing expense 
for the offline business also continued to reduce as we continue to drive loyalty-based traffic to 
stores through digital means. Very interestingly, in fact, Lalit also mentioned this, the Google 
rating for all our stores contributed individually by customers at store level. Through lakhs of 
reviews has remained above 4.7 while the NPS also remains in a very healthy range of more 
than 60%, ensuring a repeat 70% loyal customer repeat sales. 
 
The manpower cost is up by 21% on the back of increased incentive payouts and variable 
component of the ESOP liability, which is in line with the sales growth. There is a higher focus 
on employee reward and motivation to positively influence efficiency, which should further 
drive our overall profitability and growth. 
 
Other expenses declined by 8% year-on-year due to decline in LimeRoad business, and 
consequent decrease in logistics costs, apart from benefits from closure of Unlimited stores in 
the last year. Also, there was some impact of store lease renewals, which were earlier part of 
rental expenses. And post-renewal, this expense has moved to an interest and depreciation line 
as part of the Ind AS 116 adjustment. 
 
Moving on to EBITDA. For the offline business, EBITDA for the quarter was at 7.1%, with 
Unlimited at 6.6%, sorry, the offline business EBITDA for the quarter total was 7.1% and 
Unlimited at 9.4%, while V-Mart at 6.6%. At an entity level, the EBITDA stood at 5.8%, which 
included a loss of INR7 crores from LimeRoad, which is reduced by 63% year-on-year as part 
of our structured overall plan to make the business more sustainable in the long run. 
 
On the capex side, the spend was INR35 crores majorly towards capex on new store openings 
and store refurbishments. The inventory increased by INR241 crores quarter-on-quarter and 
INR70 crores year-on-year as we stocked up for the festive season, which was slightly earlier 
compared to last year. Irrespective, the days of inventory have improved by 21 days year-on-
year on the back of better sales throughput. 
 
Investments in capex and inventory up-stocking, therefore, led to a negative free cash flow YTD 
of INR62 crores. Coming to new stores, during the quarter, we opened 21 new stores, 16 in 
North and 5 in South under Unlimited brand and closed 2 V-Mart stores. The run rate for the 
year is still maintained at 55 to 60 stores. Most of the unprofitable store closures have already 
been completed now. 
 
Coming to the last part on LimeRoad, LimeRoad continues its improvement journey with 63% 
reduction in losses year-on-year. This is the sixth straight quarter of continuous improvement in 
EBITDA losses for LimeRoad. The strategy on LimeRoad remains the same that is to extend 
LimeRoad as a fashion forward omni-arm of V-Mart and facilitate very easy order placement 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
process by offline V-Mart customers through the LimeRoad app initially for missing sizes or 
missing color in offline stores. But eventually extending it to offering a bigger catalog of 
products, which can be offered beyond offline retail for the same very customers. So getting into 
more and more mix of omni share. 
 
This is a long-term strategy, and we remain committed to enhance this offering with minimal 
loss funding or marginal profitability in the quarters to come. The losses in this business should 
keep coming down quarter-on-quarter, and LimeRoad will remain an important, but financially 
a small non-material digital business platform for V-Mart.  
So that is all from my side. And I now request the moderator to open the house for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Congrats on very good results. Firstly, sir, just wanted your comment on the ASP going up 4% 
in fashion, and 6% overall. Just wanted to make sure if it is only mix or have you also taken up 
pricing? And in case you have, what is exactly the strategy here because you've only brought 
down the pricing in the last few quarters, and again taking up pricing in a more or less stable 
cotton price environment. Just wanted your comment on that. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
So Sameer, see what's happening in the market also is the whole fashion world is moving 
towards a little more oversized, bigger-sized layered look, where the consumption of the fabric 
increases. So what's happening is the product in the same category, even because the fashion is 
also going up, because there are the coarser weave fabrics, heavier fabrics, they are in fashion.  
So what's happening in the overall cost and the whole pricing also is slightly moving because of 
fashion element. So not all the products, but yes, 20%, 25% of the products are moving almost 
10% upward. So that's how the whole fashion element is also bring in sudden price pressure. But 
it may go up a little more northward, but it is all because of mix change, and mix of assortment 
being changed. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it. So you haven't taken price increases? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
No, no. It's a change in fashion, which is also bringing in the pricing. 
Sameer Gupta: 
And this mix change is also accretive on margins because your gross margin is also up 60 bps if 
I exclude the LimeRoad thing. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
I would say, that's more also because of, right now, a preponement of fashion festival because 
the festival days have shifted until the September quarter by 10 days. So that also is an impact, 
which is coming into the gross margin piece. So don't overestimate that for the next quarter. 
Sameer Gupta: 
So just wanted your comment on this also. So let's say, there is an early festive, our sales will 
also get impacted positively. Can you call out or quantify this impact? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
You have to understand because what happens is the days of 10 days earlier festival brings in a 
higher share of fresh merchandise. Because quarter 2 normally is also a period where you have 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
a lot of uses, end of season sale and discount. So your discount period goes down, and your 
pressure inventory period comes in and pressure sales increases. So that's how your margin also 
affects. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it. But there should not be any major benefit to the sales growth momentum because of this? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
There will be some. There is some. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Okay. Got it. Sir, second question, and this is more of a strategic question. Sir, how do you read 
this performance? Now value fashion, in general, what we are looking at is doing well since 
several quarters. Even your competition, V2 retail, Style Bazaar, they're more or less reporting 
pretty good set of numbers. 
 
So is this an element of down trading from the premium end because premium is struggling, you 
mentioned? And what happens then when premium comes back? Just your thoughts. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
So Sameer, it is not about down trading. It is more about even the kind of fashion, which is in, 
the kind of consumer that you are trying to drive, who is driving consumption, and the kind of 
pocket that they will carry a number of pieces that they would want to wear in a year. So it is all 
shifting because the whole consumer base is now thinking here and now. We look at this whole 
new generation customer. 
They're so impatient-full. They are so desperate. They are now what I want to wear and what I 
want to wear today is what I need. So I don’t want to play for so long that I want to play for 1 
year, 2 years, 3 years, I'll get a bigger big brand. So it is a change in the consumer behaviour 
preference and behaviour change. So that is something which is globally being seen, and that is 
something which is going to continue right now. 
So I don't know, I mean, what happens next. But yes, definitely, we believe if they are satisfied 
with our range and our variety why would they want to buy at a premium price. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it. But you don't see this as also a factor that people are down trading to options which are 
cheaper versus what they were buying earlier? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
That is not all pure down trading, it is more about the kind of fashion preferences, which is 
required and who is offering. So the brand continues to be catering to a little more elderly 
audience, which is 35-plus customer set, and we're trying to cater more to the younger audience, 
which is a little more like 20 to 30 years old. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Okay. So for want of a better word, let's not call it down trading, but you're taking up a share 
from the premium and would that be a right assessment? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
I don't know. I don't want to comment on that. We are in no position to say that we are taking 
away share. But yes, we believe that there is more demand, which is getting generated here, and 
that is what we are trying to say. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tejas Shah from Avendus Spark Institutional Equities. 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Tejas Shah: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. Lalit, this quarter has been quite challenging for us as an 
analyst to spot a clear trend on consumption. So at one end, the broader slowdown is visible 
across. But mass and rural segment seems to be doing better even for FMCG companies and 
your numbers also. 
 
So from your experience and you analyse much more data than we do, do you see it as more of 
a base effect or you are very happy that this customer is here, and this trend can continue at least 
for the next at least near to medium term is, it is not just the base effect that we are playing at. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Yes. See, but definitely, it becomes very, very difficult for us and for them to predict what the 
consumer demand and behaviour is going to remain. But it feels that all the pain that got accrued 
right from the COVID days and then inflationary days and all of those which gave a lot of scar 
on consumer consumption spree. That seems to be eroding, that seems to be vanishing and that 
seems to be coming back. 
So that is something which is the original India, and which is the original rural consumption 
which used to happen, and they are coming back on both lines. Monsoons have been good in the 
last 2, 3 years. So I think that is another piece, which is giving more money to the consumers 
and the farm income is increasing, rural income is increasing. More and more focus on the 
government, on their policies which is more, more distribution-led policies there. 
 
Government is also actually getting into more, more politics and getting into more distribution 
of money and resources. So I think all of those is giving a lot of confidence to the consumer 
base. And that, we definitely see some betterment, and I don't see any reason in which you should 
get rolled back. It doesn't seems to be rolling back. We should continue seeing it more and more. 
Tejas Shah: 
Very clear. Just the last point that you made, Lalit Ji that on government rollouts. Are you seeing 
that your numbers of store revival is actually higher in states where this rollout has already 
happened around elections versus where it is yet to happen? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
I haven't maybe categorily seen this. But yes, sales like we have has shown good growth. Eastern 
India, where we've seen some good money getting distributed has seen some growth. Even 
Southern India behaved well because except markets of Andhra and Telangana, which we 
haven't seen because election was there but we are not seeing lots of revival coming in there. 
 
But yes, yes, some part of that, we can see. But I think its entire India where the distribution part 
has been. Some of the other way, every government is trying to appease the vote banks. And 
they are trying to really grow all vote bank politics. So that is happening. But those are all 
temporary income. 
But those are not long-term sustainability factors, but I see those are confidence-boosting 
measures for the consumer to work align, work around and on their basic expenses and basic 
educational expenses and all those stuff, which used to be a pressure earlier. So that gives little 
bit of leverage then your consumption gets converted. 
Tejas Shah: 
Very clear. Second, could you comment on health of inventory in the pipeline because I noticed 
that we have taken slightly higher provision Y-o-Y? Obviously, sequentially, it has come down. 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
So any read-through on our health of inventory and competition also? And do you see that the 
aggressive discounting can happen in the near future? 
Anand Agarwal: 
Tejash, let me take that. So while the inventory remains quite healthy. As you might be aware, 
we are very consistent with our inventory provisioning policy that we've been following for more 
than 10 years, where anything which is more than 2 seasons old gets provided for. So it's a really 
consistent and a very conservative approach, and thereby, there may be a minor change which 
may happen in any 1 particular quarter, but on overall level, because of the conservative 
inventory provisioning policy, we always ensure that the health of the inventory remains very 
much in shape. 
 
In fact, the days of inventory once you look at the DOI, the DOI has actually improved by almost 
21 days versus last year. And in fact, the signs that we are seeing even now sitting in October, 
because if throughputs are reasonably well in line with what we had planned, we're not seeing 
any concern as far as the overall inventory is concerned. 
 
But at the same time, there will always be some amount of old inventory, which we will need to 
take care of, and that's always true in the system. But it's not something which is alarming or 
which is not taken care of. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
I'll try to just add on here. So the whole, there is one small risk, which is there, and then which 
I want to highlight here is because of the change in fashion, which is becoming so vital and 
becoming so bigger. So there could be a continued obsolescence for the industry as well going 
forward because of the speed of fashion chain is becoming much, much faster. So that is one 
risk which can get activated later on. 
Tejas Shah: 
Clear, sir. And last one, if I may. Given the buoyant environment that we've seen, we are still 
holding on to our store expansion guidance. So any thought on that? And any thoughts on at 
some stage, experimenting with franchising on this format? And lastly, has our capex per store 
increased in last 6 months because the INR60 crores, if I divide it by number of stores expanded, 
it looks slightly higher than what rate we had earlier. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
So I think, here, what you have to see Tejash, there are 2, 3 things. Number one, there is a lot of 
renovations, which are also going in, which also gets into the capex cycle, capex lease. So that 
is to be accounted. There is a lot of renovation. There is a lot of change in the way we display at 
the store level. We have done a lot of work on that because I spoke in opening comments also. 
 
Three, you will see because you were at the end of quarter 2, which was reported. We opened a 
lot of stores also in October. So some of those capex cut, or still I don't know, to that I can't 
reply. But I think all of those average cost capex per square feet hasn't gone up. So that's very 
new control. 
That's certainly a thing we always controlled up. We don't, right now, see any opportunity on 
franchisees. I know one of our competitors has done a great job in that. They are a bigger brand. 
They have their house of Tata’s. So something can come up there. But right now, we don't see a 
lot of those opportunity. 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
 
It definitely in the overall system, it increases the cost of fund, but we don't really believe in that. 
We still believe that the resources that we have and the ways in which we open is more 
sustainable, it's more good. And we focus right now on this. We haven't seen that yet. But yes, 
I'm getting a lot. We will try to understand and know about this business more, this type of 
business more. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from AMBIT Capital. 
Nihal Jham: 
I have 2 questions. The first question was in line with what earlier participants have also asked 
about how the business has seen a strong revival versus last year? 
 
If we just look at the number of footfalls also, that has seen a significant more than 50% kind of 
Y-o-Y growth. I mean if you look at it on a per store basis, there has been a strong uptrend. Just 
to understand versus last year to this year, while we are mentioning about a favourable monsoon 
and all, I think the benefit of that is going to be only seeing from Q3 onwards. 
 
So just wanted to understand what has been this massive change maybe other than elections, 
which has driven sort of a big robustness, but at least customers are now convinced to come into 
stores to at least would look at maybe the conversion ratios improve going forward? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
So Nihal, I would once again call out, it is not too much of a change in the market. It is some 
amount of betterment that I commented on my opening remarks as well. But it is more led by 
what internally the mistake that we have been doing in the past and certain correction of the 
mistakes and certain betterment of our own internal process and internal own ways of looking 
at the consumer demand and behavior, and the way you communicate about your brand. 
 
It is more about what we have done, but let me still say this demand is looking a little difficult. 
In October, we haven't seen a single kind of demand coming. There are seasonal changes which 
are happening. So these are very relatable stuff, and then you can't take it for granted. 
But yes, we believe that there is a lot of work that the team did in the last season, which resulted 
into a good environment to the store, a unique proposition on certain product lines, unique 
experiences at the store level, the whole perception of V-Mart brand changed a little bit, and 
attracting a lot of youth customers as well. 
 
Because what we also saw is a higher share of increase as a percentage of customer base in the 
audience, which is under 23 year old. So that's something which is also meet us. And that is 
something also which has driven our growth and that is what we are very proud of. 
Nihal Jham: 
Understood that, sir. So my second question was, in the past, you've discussed about Zudio and 
maybe the impact it had and that format, obviously operates at a very different price point. We 
currently look at the competition at least in terms of format similar to our price point, seeing an 
increase. So just wanted to understand whatever steps we are taking to obviously differentiate 
ourselves maybe in terms of looks or inventory so that we are able to stay ahead of the 
competition, which is adding stores at a very aggressive pace? 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Lalit Agarwal: 
That competitor friend of ours is trying to really play out a very good strategy in terms of a 
particular segment of consumer base. And that particular segment of consumer in certain markets 
is driving certain consumer behavior acceleration is what, I would say, into consumption. 
Because that is driving certain fashionism a little more, and that is bringing a lot of opportunity 
for other retailers also. So I think we are all seeing this is an international trend which is rolling 
out. 
 
One of the competitor is trying to do a good job on that particular segment. But what we have 
been doing, we have the new consumer, but we also have a large amount of family consumer. 
And that family consumer remains our strength. That is a differentiating factor, the kind of 
comfort, the kind of convenience, the kind of product lines that we are able to offer to that family 
consumer are both differentiated than that competitor that we are talking about. So that is 
something that we will continue to do. We will continue to give customer in wider variety, wider 
assortment and wider ability to fulfil the needs of the entire family. 
Nihal Jham: 
Just lastly, you mentioned about FY '25 store addition, let's say, 50, 55. Any sense on what '26 
could look like in case you'll have a sense at this point? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
So we'll continue to add 12% to 13% of square feet in area. That's our goal, and that is what we 
should continue to do. So you can calculate on the base, wherever we are. We continue to aspire 
for 12%, 13% growth, but we will always be also cognizant of the fact that we don't want to 
oversee it on just chasing a number. 
 
But we are also seeing that the kind of property that we are getting, the kind of cost that we will 
be incurring and the kind of ROI that we should be expecting is really, really important in the 
overall expansion. So that remains very important. But yes, the goal at the organization level is 
to at least grow 12%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from Ikigai Asset Management. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Sir, I had a very longer-term question, and congratulations on the business execution. I think 
we've come out very well. It was going back into history, I think most of the retail since 2020 
has seen a very volatile environment, and complete empathy with how you guys have been 
running the show. 
 
We had COVID, and then we had the recovery period, then we had the competition issue, then 
we had consumer changes, then we had some mistakes corrected, etcetera. So somewhere during 
this, we knew problems and we've worked on that. We sorted out, we have achieve, and I think 
half of the year has gone. We've done great things. 
 
Going forward, it's going to be more organic in my understanding. So Lalit ji, just from you, just 
some longer term thoughts like V-Mart right now is doing INR2,500 crores, INR3,000 crores 
top line business. In this dynamic world, how do we increase confidence on longevity of this 
business? And you know equity investors are greedy. So I'm talking about two things. One is 
essentially where does V-Mart look like 5 years out with creating continuous excitement. This 
V-Mart brand should actually come out as a long-term winner. 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
So I understand you worked on a lot of things and you've got most of things correct now. But 
henceforth, we're going to be more organic. It's going to be more long term. And from here on, 
where does V-Mart might grow. So it's more longer term, however, you want to answer, please. 
That's my only question. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
A great question, Rahul. Give my regards to Pankaj, but I understand you guys are the guys who 
are guidance for us, and you always ask relevant questions, which makes us think back, and 
that's what my Board is asking me to spend at least 2 to 3 hours on answering some of these 
questions, and see if we were evolving on certain strategies and certain areas of that particular 
area, which gives us a lot of stability. 
 
And that is what we are all here for and that is what at the end at the senior level, we all think 
about. And that is something that we feel, which will come from the leading pieces, which 
ultimately create a sustainable, scalable organization, which creates a sustainable, stable 
technological processes, technology led processes. 
 
And a great way to keep integrating the entire organization and creating an innovative and 
creative mindset in the organization, which can take up or which can adopt every kind of 
situation which can come in the environment or any kind of fashion or any kind of format, which 
there's a change in the format and then new adoption of digitalization technology. 
 
So I think that's something which is fundamental to our thought process that it is not about the 
problems that's outside, but it is more about the problems inside. It's more about the opportunity 
inside. It is more about building a culture, building an environment, building a process, which 
is actually cultivating these kind of fundamental principles and these kind of fundamental pieces. 
 
There, it is more about learning. It is more about openness. It is more about collaboration. How 
do we do that? And that is what we are trying to do. Ultimately, it has to be also a brand which 
looks into customers, which try to look in to the customers' need, and understand regularly on 
customer side. 
 
Always keeps checking with the consumer of how the consumer sees, how is the consumer 
understanding. That is why we initiated these couple of NPS, Google Ratings, Internal 
Scorecards. So all of those where we actually get rated. There, where we actually get feedbacks 
from the consumer, lakhs and lakhs of feedbacks coming in, helping us to improve our system, 
helping us to improve our efficiency of the store managers, efficiency of the entire processes. 
 
All of these, I think, is very, very important and orgaanic in nature. That is what we believe has 
to be done which is fundamental. Nothing extraordinary can be done. There could be 
extraordinary kicker and a tactical approach which one can take, which will only give a short-
term quarter-on-quarter benefit. And that is not what V-Mart is all about. We never intend to 
grow through parts. We never intend to also slow down and completely stop our growth rate. 
 
We will want to continue. We will always want to continue to grow with our internal accruals, 
the history as you mentioned. So most of our history has also been that. So that is what we will 
try to do but yes, we should also have sufficient cushion and sufficient space, wherein if there 
are abruptions and the market scenario, we are seeing World War possibilities coming in Israel. 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
 
So they are also scenarios that need to be taken of. We should also have the risk metrics very 
well aligned, to build a complete risk and governance committee, which is there, looking into 
all those risks, understand where do we not fail, how do we not do? And then definitely, how do 
you grow in the next 5 years to at least 2x - 2.5x. So that you will continue getting the juices of 
the opportunity which is there in India and the entire talks about becoming a 10 trillion economy 
in 2030. 
 
Because of this part of that, that's something which is also an opportunity which we are mindful 
of. And we continue building our expansion side of our organization, and we continue looking 
at those opportunities with either this format or extend the possibility to expand into the digital 
format or another format. We are always open and always inviting for special feedback. 
 
So these are some of the routes. There are some things on the top of my mind. But yes, later on, 
we can have a one-on-one conversation on these areas as well. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Sure sir, sure. As of Diwali gift, can you give me one reason, at least in terms of what could be 
the next big thing for V-Mart in terms of whatever you can offer to the customer? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Nothing different, Rahul. Nothing different. I don't want to give any surprise. I don't have 
anything in my kitty which I can give any surprise to everyone. Nothing is there and nothing 
should be there. It should be as per the customer needs, how well are you prepared every day? 
How well are you open every day? How do you integrate those things into your processes and 
change your certain pieces in the system which ultimately delivers what customer wants? 
 
That's the entire thing that we are all on to. And we see this as a opportunity. You've seen the 
kind of footfall growth versus the kind of conversion that we got. We've got a lot more 
opportunity to convert more customers. We have to become much more better. We still have a 
long way to go. So let's work on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varun Pratap Singh from AAA PMS. 
Varun Pratap: 
Lalit, sir, my question is on LimeRoad. So I mean, if you can share that what is the road map 
from here onwards. It is very much positive to note the overall reduction in the losses in the 
business, which may be tracking as per our plans. But given like if I just look at the 6 months 
number, 60% reduction in EBITDA is quite enthusing. 
 
But when I look at the revenue, so 45-odd percentage decline on the revenue front. And also, I 
mean in your PPT, I could say that V-Mart share on LimeRoad has also maybe a decline from 
the June quarter, 33% to 29%. Now despite a 20%, 25% improvement in the overall V-Mart 
store integration to now 90-odd percentage. So just wanted to check that what is in your mind 
regarding this part of our business? 
Anand Agarwal: 
So Varun, let me take that. So see, our strategy on LimeRoad is very, very simple and very clear. 
In fact, I stated that in my opening remarks as well. What we are building LimeRoad towards is 
a sustainable business model, which can help the omnification of the entire V-Mart Group. While 
it's a journey, and there will be ups and downs, and there will be results where we will see that 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
the top line is coming down or whatever, but we are very focused on creating something which 
we are all proud of and which we can all see as a sustainable part of the organization. 
 
We've been very deliberate in cutting down on the marketing expenditure, and that’s because we 
don't want to buy revenue. The earlier model or the larger models in this space always has been 
that you spend more on acquiring customers and thereby you get revenues and then you have 
more losses. So we have significantly cut down on that part. 
 
We are focusing more on getting customers from V-Mart pool of customers, we're getting more 
organic share of customers. There is more integration, which is happening on a lot of omni use 
cases within the V-Mart ecosystem. Some of the parts have already become functional and some 
of the benefits we have already started to see. 
 
Our cost of operations, cost per order, cost of logistics, all have started to see very sizable 
improvements in the last 3, 4 quarters consecutively. And these are all building up towards a 
more sustainable future. The strategy will always remain that how can we bring it to a level 
where we don't need to burn more cash, we are able to get more insights, more analytics and 
more convenience for the online as well as the offline customers through the entire ecosystem 
of the V-Mart network. So whether it's only online or only offline or a digital ecosystem, but we 
are building something towards the future. 
 
Now there is a marginal drop versus June in the share of V-Mart business into LimeRoad, but 
you also need to understand that quarter 2 is a very, very small quarter, both for online as well 
as offline. So it's a very marginal drop, so you should not read too much into it. We remain very 
committed towards building this towards a non-loss-making and a profitable venture in the long 
term. 
Varun Pratap: 
All right. Understood. Understood. That is very helpful. And secondly, please pardon if I'm 
repeating the question because I joined the call 15, 20 minutes late. Sir, my question was on the 
average selling price improvement. So that is quite pleasing to note, almost 4%, 5% 
improvement in both V-Mart and Unlimited. So what is the, I mean, underlying reasoning for 
this improvement? Is it because of the improvement in sales mix or is it because of the price 
hike, etcetera., at the product level? 
Anand Agarwal: 
There's no price hike that we have taken. We've already addressed that question earlier. So there's 
purely a mix change which is happening, and also the merchandise change which we have 
deliberately done to cater to the higher fashion requirement of the customer, which is again a 
mix reason. So we have not taken any price increase, and we would not want to take any price 
increase. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aliasgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal AMC. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Congratulations for a very good set of numbers. I have a couple of questions. One is on 
LimeRoad, you obviously have provided a lot of details. One specific that I just wanted to know 
is last year, we had this road map to achieve breakeven in LimeRoad. Of course, we have reduced 
it quite significantly. So if you can just share some color in terms of whether it may achieve 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
breakeven or given the fact that you will obviously run omnichannel, there may be some losses 
in LimeRoad that we will have to continue. That is point number one. 
 
And second question, little more broader is pre-COVID profitability metrics was around close 
to 8% EBITDA margin in a pre-Ind AS scenario, and maybe you will take about 5% PAT 
margin. Now I just want to understand from a 3-year point of view, given the fact that now our 
SSG have been very strong, our revenue per square feet has been recovering. 
 
Should we expect in the 3-year period that you should give or take, reach that level of 
profitability? Or do you think there is further scope of improvement that you want to do or you 
want to just kind of pass it on to the customer and make sure that you don't have a higher margin 
so that you continue to provide value to the customer? Over to you, sir. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
So great question. See, basically, at a LimeRoad level, as Anand mentioned, this is a business 
which is helping the offline retail as well. So right now, we are reporting LimeRoad business 
separately. So I don't think we should do it because ultimately, it is an omni-channel approach, 
and it is something where online is helping offline, a lot of technology integration is happening. 
Lot of teams are working together. Consumers are looking discovering online, reaching in and 
buying offline. So ordering online, business is getting to offline. So all of those things are 
happening, but we definitely believe that there is a cost to be the digital platform. 
 
Looking at the environment in the online market, it is very difficult for one to right now sell at 
profitability at our kind of average selling price. So the average selling price being low and the 
technology piece has to be there and this discovery and the technology availability, consumer 
discovery should be there in the market. 
 
So there is a cost to operate. So we will definitely want to reduce the losses, but I don't guarantee 
that we will reach to breakeven. Yes, we aspire. We want to reach out to there. Maybe it may 
take another 1.5 to 2 years, where we will almost minimize and make it negligible to further the 
losses at the LimeRoad level. 
 
On the second point on the EBITDA, I think it's more about efficiency building. It is more about 
those leading indicators, which work into and work at a per square-feet level, which is resulting 
into same-store sales growth. The moment your same-store sales growth continues to be in 
higher single-digit number or a double-digit number, it definitely leads to be a better profitability 
at the bottom line. 
 
There are enough pressures on the gross profit. There will be a lot of more pressure in the gross 
profit base coming in from the fashion, coming in from the retailers who want to pump in money 
and want to reduce the margins and bring down the market. So there will be some pressure, 
which will also come in. But still, our endeavor, our numbers which are stacking up and the kind 
of operations that we are doing, even closing down all the loss-making stores or non-profitable 
stores. 
 
So all of those included whatever you are expecting the pre-COVID numbers, we should be 
somewhere there in the next 2, 3 years, and then we do believe and we have the confidence that 
we will be able to reach that number. 

 
 
V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it. So one can pencil in like a stable state number of about 8% on EBITDA margin and 
probably about 5% PAT margin in a 3-year basis, right? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
I don't know of PAT margin because the PAT is getting impacted by the Ind AS' also. So there 
is some Ind AS adjustment, which also decreases the PAT, but those things can be taken up. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Yes, I'm actually talking about a pre-IndAS basis given the fact that you provided a lot of detailed 
disclosure. So of course, we can always note that out. Just one quick follow-up on that, sir, would 
you say any of the new things that you may have to continue to incubate, for example, like 
LimeRoad, that there should be some additional costs that you will bear and therefore, this 
margin should be slightly lower? Or you will make sure that any new incubations will not come 
there. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Let me just tell you there is no new things getting involved, and there's nothing that we are doing 
separately. And whatever we are doing, we are doing under the budget. So nothing is there which 
is yet to be done, which can increase our margin. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anuj from Manus. 
Anuj: 
Yes. My questions have been answered. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Anuj: 
Thank you, and Happy Diwali to all. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Happy Diwali. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
So thank you, everyone. A lot of questions. Thank you so much for asking so relevant questions 
which makes us more aware, which makes us more long-term focused, which don't throw us into 
those chasing the quarter-on-quarter numbers. We definitely believe in sustainability, scalability, 
we believe fundamental values of the organization, we definitely believe taking along the 
shareholders and even the community along with us. 
 
So we will definitely try to do and bring our best efforts to try and see that we ensure a sustainable 
and secure future. Thank you so much. Thank you, and wishing everyone a very, very Happy 
Diwali. Thank you. 
Anand Agarwal: 
Happy Diwali, everyone. Thank you. Bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of V-Mart Retail Limited and Anand Rathi Share and Stock 
Brokers, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect. 
