 
November 05, 2024 
To,  
 
 
 
 
 
           To,  
Corporate Relationship Department                          Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited                                                                            National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street                                                       Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor Plot No. C-1, 
Mumbai — 400 001                                                              G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
                                                                                                     Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Code:  532875                                                             Scrip Symbol: ADSL 
 
Sub: Transcripts of Conference Call pertaining to Financial Results for the quarter and half 
year ended September 30, 2024   
Dear Sir / Madam, 
In accordance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations"), we are submitting the Transcripts of Conference Call 
held on Tuesday, October 29, 2024, in respect of the financial results for the quarter and half 
year ended September 30, 2024.   
The same can also be viewed at https://www.allieddigital.net/in/earning-conference-call 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully,  
For Allied Digital Services Limited 
 
 
_______________________ 
Nehal Shah 
Whole‐Time Director 
DIN: 02766841 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NEHAL 
SHAH
Digitally signed 
by NEHAL SHAH 
Date: 
2024.11.05 
17:53:52 +05'30'

 
 
Allied Digital Services Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
October 29, 2024 
 
Call Duration 
 
41 minutes and 09 seconds 
Management Attendees 
 
Mr. Nitin D Shah, Founder, Chairman & Managing Director 
 
Mr. Nehal Shah, Whole-time Director 
 
Mr. Paresh Shah, Global CEO  
 
Mr. Ramanan Ramanathan, Global Head Strategy responsible for 
Growth, Innovation and Partnerships 
 
Mr. Gopal Tiwari, Chief Financial Officer 
Participants during Q&A 
session 
 
Athar Shadab – Individual Investor 
 
Piyush Dabra – LT 
 
Pratik Dedhia – Individual Investor 
 
Manan Vandur – Wallfort PMS 
 
Shweta – Arihant Capital Markets Ltd. 
 
Sameera Middha – Individual Investor 
 
Kartik Bhatt – Individual Investor 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Allied Digital 
Services Limited Q2 and H1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Vaswani from CDR India. 
Thank you and over to you, Mr. Vaswani. 
Mayank Vaswani: 
Thank you, Dorwin. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us on Allied 
Digital Services Limited’s earnings call for the Second Quarter of Financial 
Year '24-'25.  
We have with us on the call today, Mr. Nitin Shah, Founder and CMD, Mr. 
Ramanan Ramanathan, Global Head of Strategy for Growth, Innovation 
and Partnerships, Mr. Nehal Shah, Whole Time Director, Mr. Paresh Shah, 
Global CEO and Mr. Gopal Tiwari, Chief Financial Officer.  
We will begin with Mr. Nehal Shah who will cover recent developments 
across the business. Mr. Paresh Shah will then cover the operational 
performance and order wins followed by Mr. Gopal Tiwari who will walk 
us through the financial highlights. Thereafter, we shall open the call for 
the Q&A session. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some of the statements 
made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to 
this effect has been included in the earnings documents that have been 
shared with all of you earlier.  
I would now like to hand the call over to Mr. Nehal Shah for his opening 
remarks. Over to you. 
Nehal Shah: 
Thank you, Mayank. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining 
us for earnings calls today. I hope you have had a chance to review the 
earnings documents we shared earlier.  
I am pleased to report that despite ongoing geopolitical uncertainties in 
a challenging global economic environment, we have delivered a strong 
set of results this quarter. We achieved growth in both revenue and 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 3 of 16 
profitability compared to the same period last year, driven by the strong 
momentum in the Indian market.  
A key highlight this quarter is the pickup of order wins. In prior quarters, 
we had indicated that discussions with customers were positive, but 
there were delays and deferments while finalising orders. We are pleased 
to share that we have booked multiple orders this quarter aggregating  
Rs. 675 crore representing strong accretion to our order backlog. 
 
To begin with, the Rs. 430 crore Pune Safe City order is our largest ever 
order win for our smart city offerings. The first ever order win in UAE is 
heartening too from a BFSI customer. I am sure that all of you have noted 
the multiple order wins with a diverse set of customers and geographies 
this quarter. We take confidence that a rich profile of customers chooses 
to depend on Allied Digital for their critical requirements.  
The outlook remains positive. We are in advanced discussions with 
several new customers. We have also strengthened our leadership team 
and expanded our global office network to support future growth.  
Now I would like to hand over to our Global CEO Mr. Paresh Shah, who 
will provide further insights into our operational performance and key 
developments this quarter. Thank you. 
Paresh Shah: 
Thank you, Nehal. Good afternoon, everyone. Here is a quick summary of 
the operational highlights for this quarter.  
As Nehal pointed out, it has been a great quarter. Allied Digital secured 
over Rs. 675 crore in new orders and contract renewals this quarter. So 
that's wonderful news. Key wins include, let me just walk you through 
some key wins:  
 
A leading life insurance company in India with 46 million 
customers across 148 cities where we will provide them 
complete infrastructure management services.  
 
The world's foremost specialty packaging company serving major 
FMCG brands globally has chosen Allied Digital for a complete 
transformational infrastructure management service which 
includes NOC, SOC, Digital Desk platform and our Workplace 
services. 
 
A global leader in the energy sector specialized in oil, gas and 
petrochemicals has selected us to deliver their infrastructure 
services comprehensively.  

 
 Q2 & H1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 4 of 16 
 
An Indian public sector enterprise under the Ministry of Power 
where we will provide infrastructure and cloud solutions.  
 
India's Central Bank responsible for regulating the bank system 
has engaged us for application support services.  
 
A Regulatory Authority in Maharashtra dedicated to promoting 
healthy growth in the real estate sector has engaged us for 
infrastructure and Service Desk opportunity. 
 
A prominent aluminium refinery in Odisha – where we will be 
providing digital desk and digital workplace services.  
As Nehal pointed out, let me talk about other opportunities outside India. 
The largest bank in the UAE, a leading financial institution has selected us 
as their total IT outsourcing provider encouraging and encompassing 
digital workplace services, end-user support, data center support and 
critical infrastructure management services. 
I would like to highlight one of the large US offerings also. A global leader 
in silicon carbide and gallium nitride technology in the chemical industry 
serving sectors like electric vehicles and renewable energy where we are 
delivering 24/7 global service desk, end-user support and command 
center operations including cybersecurity services. So that's another win.  
These contracts reflect our continued growth and expanding capabilities 
across diverse sectors as well as encompassing all sectors of our offerings. 
Now I will hand over to Mr. Gopal Tiwari who will share the financial 
updates during the period under review. Over to you Gopal. 
Gopal Tiwari: 
Thank you Paresh bhai. Good afternoon, everybody. I am sure all of you 
must have gone through the financial performance of the company for 
Q2 FY '25. Hence, I would like to highlight some of the key developments 
regarding the financials and governance.  
I will start with other expenses. From the financials it can be seen that 
other expenditures have increased from Rs. 14.2 crore in the Q1 FY '25 to 
Rs. 17.5 crore. This increase is mainly on account of an extra provision for 
ECL of around Rs. 2 crore based on our ECL policy and expenditure of 
around Rs. 1 crore incurred towards Pan-India celebration of our 
company's 40th anniversary.  
As is evident both these expenses are non-recurring in nature. Despite 
this increase in other expenses, we have reported an EBITDA margin of 
11 plus percentage in this quarter. 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 5 of 16 
 
Now moving on our cash balance as of September 30, 2024, has increased 
to Rs. 170 crore from Rs. 99 crore in September 2023. Against this gross 
borrowing is to the tune of Rs. 55 crore only higher from Rs. 43 crore in 
the same period last year, primarily due to increase in working capital 
requirements for project execution. Hence on a net basis our net cash 
balance has risen meaningfully to Rs. 115 crore.  
Another important metric that I would like to cover is the improvement 
in debtor days. Our DSOs continue to improve further, and we are at 72 
days as of September 30, 2024 compared to 87 days at the same time last 
year. We will continue to make efforts to further improve on this.  
Recently we have added Bank of Baroda as our third banking partner to 
meet our enhanced working capital requirements. While we remain 
adequately capitalized as indicated by our present net cash balance, we 
felt it prudent to ensure the necessary financial flexibility to cater to 
operational requirements. 
 
Now as you are aware, M/s. Singhi & Company one of the leading audit 
firms in India was appointed as our statutory auditors at our last AGM in 
place of M/s. Shah & Taparia who had completed their maximum 
permissible tenure with us. The limited review reports for the Quarter 2 
FY '25 results have been issued by them only. Further to inform KPMG 
remains our auditor for transfer pricing reports ensuring that we engage 
with leading names of both global as well as domestic heritage. 
 
Thank you. I will now hand over it to the moderator to open the forum 
for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Athar Shadab, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Athar Shadab: 
Hi, sir. Congratulations on a great set of numbers. I have two questions. 
There has been a slight dip in the margin this quarter year-on-year. What 
is the management commentary on that? Especially, I could see the 
expense rising in purchase and other direct expenses. What it is about?  
Second  is that now we have crossed Rs. 200 crore revenue mark in this 
quarter. Do you want to revise the guidance of Rs. 1,000 crore revenue? 
Can we expect it now in FY '26? 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 6 of 16 
Nehal Shah: 
So, thank you Athar for the question. I will answer the second question. 
The first question will be taken by our CFO, Mr. Gopal Tiwari. Regarding 
our guidance, we have been giving our guidance in Rs. 1,000 crore for the 
year ‘26 and we feel in the next six to seven quarters, we should be able 
to reach our top line guidance of Rs. 1,000 crore. In respect to the margin 
dip which is very periodical only for this quarter. 
Gopal Tiwari: 
As explained in my speech, this is mainly because of certain expenses of 
non-recurring nature which we incurred in this quarter, mainly on 
account of, as I mentioned, ECL provision, which is only provision made. 
It might be getting reversed in the coming quarters. And secondly, one-
time expense we have incurred for our celebration of 40th year in the 
organization. 
 
So, because of that margin was a little thin, but still we have achieved an 
EBITDA margin similar in line with our earlier quarter. So, had those 
expenses been not there, the EBITDA margin would have been a little 
better. 
Athar Shadab: 
Last earning calls, we had a guidance of reaching 15% in near future. Is it 
still on track like we are targeting that? 
Nehal Shah: 
Yes, that is still on track, but it is going to take some time because right 
now our focus, we would want to make sure that we are getting the 
customers, we onboard them. And while we are onboarding new 
customers, you know, whenever you acquire a new customer, there are 
upfront costs that you have to pay. And that sometimes reduces your 
margin a bit, but in our line of business, the best part is that we get 
customers who stay with us for another five years, seven years. 
 
So, we have got a lot of time to improve our margins once we go in the 
second year or after three or four quarters that we start with them. So, 
that margin growth is our need, and we also would want to achieve that 
and we hope to do that soon. 
Athar Shadab: 
Got it. Thank you, sir. Congratulations again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the next question is from the line of 
Piyush Dabra from LT. Please go ahead. 
Piyush Dabra: 
Hi, good evening, everyone. First of all, congratulations to the ADSL team 
for the great set of numbers for the Quarter 2. And my question is on the 
front of Cyber Security space. How is ADSL planning to move ahead? 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 7 of 16 
What is our business outlook for the next maybe three or four quarters 
and what all revenue and what all funds we are expecting our business to 
come from only in the Cyber Security space? 
Paresh Shah: 
Yeah, from the Cyber Security space, this is Paresh here. We see a lot of 
exciting opportunities. As you know, this quarter also we closed a couple 
of deals on Cyber Security, which we see there is a continuing demand, 
and we are also growing in our customer's logos and we see that sector 
growing more and more over time. So, we are excited about this, and we 
have a very strong outlook on cyber security. 
Ramanan Ramanathan: Yeah, just to add to what Paresh is saying, Cyber Security is now becoming 
an integral part of Managed Services more and more because that is 
expected now by almost all the customers since Cyber Security is so 
prominent.  
And the other part is we are into safe city projects and smart city projects. 
And safe city and smart city projects by their very nature include more 
and more Cyber Security. So, not only our competency in this is 
increasing, but we are also investing appropriately for us to be able to 
grow in this region and to make a difference to our customers. 
Nitin Shah: 
So, I would like to add the third-party organization like Equity Masters. 
Recently, they published their study and research. They have selected 
and they talked about three main companies to be observed in India in 
Cyber Security space and we are one of them. This is from Equity Masters.  
Nehal Shah: 
Piyush, am I audible? Are we okay with the answer? 
Piyush Dabra: 
Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you for your comments. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Dedhia, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Dedhia: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a great set of 
numbers. So, my question is regarding the margins. So, what levers do 
you see going ahead in terms of improving? What parts would lead you 
to around 15% margin? And for the current quarter, since the margins 
came around 11%, any specific factor that you can point out which 
resulted in a muted year-over-year margin? 
Nehal Shah: 
So, Pratik, thanks for the question. I think the current quarter, the 
margins, Gopalji has already answered about it. Having said that, there is 
a constant endeavour for us to improve our margins and we are working 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 8 of 16 
towards it. If you see, we have improved a lot of our parameters. 
Parameters like DSO going from 87 coming down to 72. Our ROC has also 
started going up. We are back to double digit. 
 
Similarly, there are other things also. If you see our cash reserves and all 
are also growing day by day, quarter by quarter. So, there is a constant 
endeavour that we have to make sure that we keep on improving our 
margins.  
I personally would, as a promoter, would also want the margins to be as 
better as possible. We are doing whatever we can, and we will strive 
harder to make sure that our margins keep on improving with future 
quarters. 
Pratik Dedhia: 
Okay. 
Paresh Shah: 
Just to add to what Nehal talked about, we are also engaging more into 
app support. We have an AI roadmap. So, we see that there are better 
margins also to be looked into areas where we can flourish more. So, 
these are the areas that we are quickly catching up and looking at those 
kinds of projects also. 
Pratik Dedhia: 
All right. So, just to confirm, you mentioned AI, right? 
Paresh Shah: 
Yes. 
Pratik Dedhia: 
Okay. Got it. All right. And I have a second question regarding the data 
centre part. So, I think last quarter I had asked about in terms of how is 
that business going. So, just during the quarter, how was the traction 
pertaining to it and what kind of offerings have you or probably what kind 
of business have you gotten in terms of the data centre offering? 
Nehal Shah: 
Yeah. So, I am saying that the data centre business is very close to our 
hearts. We have been constantly doing things. If you remember, I had 
spoken in my last call that we have done close about 14 safe cities. In 
every safe city, there is a data centre component in it which we have built 
and delivered to the customer. Even the Pune project that we got, the 
extended to the phase 2 that we are talking of has got a data centre built 
in it. So, we will continue doing that.  
Apart from that, there are a lot of enterprise customers with whom we 
are talking about data centre management as well as helping them to 
migrate from on grid to cloud.  

 
 Q2 & H1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 9 of 16 
So, being in the infra business, this is our core business and core 
competence. We are very excited about things that are happening in the 
data centre side.  
Even the government of India, if you have seen, has also given out a 
budget of about Rs. 30,000 crore for making data centres in India to make 
sure that the data of Indians are kept inside. So, that again opens up an 
avenue for us. 
 
Our core competence once again lies in building a data centre, managing 
data centres and making sure they are running for a period of 3 to 5 years. 
Nitin Shah: 
So, I would rather like to talk the scenario about data centre. It has got 
four different phases. One is ‘Own the data centre’, ‘Build the data 
centre”, ‘Operate the data centre’ and ‘Manage the data centre’ by 
providing Managed services. And the first, ‘Own the data centre’ is highly 
capital-intensive activity, whereas all the three others, build, operate and 
manage is completely skill intensive activity, which is where we are there. 
And we are very sure that in any case we will be doing, even for third 
party data centre also, we will keep continuing doing that. 
And recently, we are in the process of getting empanelled with MIT. MIT 
has come with a very large opportunity, and they are going to shortlist 
some good companies like who are into AI and cloud. So, while we are 
talking to you, we are in the process of preparing or responding to that 
RFP. Thank you. 
Pratik Dedhia: 
Okay. All right. This is very helpful. Thank you. I will come back in the 
queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manan Vandur from 
Wallfort PMS. Please go ahead. 
Manan Vandur: 
Yes. Hello. Thank you so much and congratulations on the numbers. Sir, I 
came late in the call so someone might have already asked. So please 
bear with me. On the 28th slide of your presentation, I think there is a 
mistake in the numbers. So, the EBITDA numbers which are showing is 
Rs. 23 crore as EBITDA, but actually it is including the other income.  
So, the actual EBITDA is coming to INR19 crore if we do 203 minus 184. 
So, it's coming to 19. So, if we do that, then our margins are coming to 
9.35, but our EBITDA margins are showing as 11%. So, this is what I 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 10 of 16 
wanted to ask, like, this is a significant dip in our margins from like 10%, 
12% to like 9% percent. So, can you please help with this? 
Gopal Tiwari: 
Yes, sure. The point is, first of all, EBITDA margin is calculated in my 
opinion or everywhere after taking other income also. This is distinct 
from operating margin. In fact. EBITDA, we have to take other income 
also in account. But having said that, even if we don't take that other 
income, I had explained in my speech, I think you were not there, our 
expenses, if you go through, our other expenses in this quarter have 
increased by over Rs. 3 crore.  
And that is mainly on account of some expenses which are non-recurring 
in nature, which is one-time expense which is there in this quarter. It's 
not going to be again repeated in the coming quarter. So, if you take out 
those expense, so we will land our EBITDA earning more than 11%, which 
is in line with our earlier quarters. So that is another reason, even if you 
don't take that other income in account, we have still achieved our 
EBITDA margin in comparison to earlier period on similar lines. 
Manan Vandur: 
Okay. So, is it on account of hiring, like getting new employees? 
Gopal Tiwari: 
No. It is mainly on account of two counts. One is on account of our extra 
ECL provision there on account of this EBITDA receivables. And another 
one is that we celebrated last, during last quarter, our 40th anniversary. 
Our company's 40th anniversary was there, we celebrated in a large 
scale, pan-India basis. So that expense is also good. And that expense is 
definitely not recurring in nature. It's not going to be repeated again. So, 
if you take out those two expenses, then our margin is still better than 
last quarter. 
Manan Vandur: 
Okay. And another question is that, even as you've won orders, are we 
planning to hire new employees so that we can streamline more of our 
projects? So, any hiring process are we doing, which might incur one-time 
expense and then later on help us out in our revenue and margins and 
everything in the later coming years? 
Nehal Shah: 
Yes. So, with respect to hiring, I think since we are in the business of IT, 
manpower is the most important thing for us. We are constantly hiring 
people. With respect to the recent orders that we've won, there's a lot of 
time that we'll have to make sure that we are delivering the contracts 
appropriately. 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 11 of 16 
 
Apart from that, there are also certain senior leadership people that we'll 
be hiring soon for which you'll be getting to know in a quarter or two for 
enhancing our business in India as well as abroad, maybe in the US, 
anywhere in the European markets. So, there are talks happening with 
several candidates for that as well from a leadership growth perspective. 
And from BAU, that is business as usual, as contracts come in, we'll be 
hiring people, refilling our current employees and making sure that we 
are there on our toes to make sure that the delivery happens. 
Ramanan Ramanathan: So just to add to what Nehal said, see, our hiring strategy is twofold. 
Number one, to cater to new projects that we have got. And so, they have 
become billable very quickly. And that is one hiring strategy.  
The other is to proactively hire based on anticipatory projects where we 
are reasonably confident of winning them. And so there you incur an 
initial expense, but that becomes recoverable very quickly as soon as we 
win those projects, because we don't want to waste our time trying to 
hire only after we have won.  
So, these two things form an important part of our hiring strategy. And, 
of course, the hiring is based upon observable, confirmed pattern of 
billing. 
Manan Vandur: 
And the last question will be on the finance cost. Like we have, we saw 
that we decreased, like we repaid some of our debt, our long-term debt 
has reduced from Rs. 12 crore to Rs. 8 crore, we have gone, but still we 
see that from Rs. 1 crore to Rs. 3 crore odd, there is an increase in finance 
cost. So, what would be the reason for this? 
Gopal Tiwari: 
See, I will answer that question. See, as you see our business is growing 
and long-term debt is not there in the company, that is sure, but working 
capital funding is definitely there. We need a lot of working capital to 
cater to our working capital requirements. 
So, borrowings are there definitely, and it is being increased day by day 
based on the increasing volume of business. And having said that, in this 
quarter, the increase of the finance cost is mainly on account of some 
regrouping of the income and expense. Earlier, we used to do some 
interest income, getting netted off against our expenses, which we have 
to change because of the new auditor coming into the picture now from 
this quarter. 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 12 of 16 
They guided us and they said, you cannot net off the income part from 
the expense. So, you have to take the interest income in other income 
and entire interest expense has to be shown in the expenses. So, because 
of that regrouping, our finance cost is increased in this quarter and other 
income got also increased with the same amount. So, that is the reason 
of showing the increase in finance cost. 
Manan Vandur: 
Okay, because of this other income has also increased and interest also. 
Gopal Tiwari: 
Yeah, absolutely. 
Manan Vandur: 
Okay, got it. Yeah, that's it from my side. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Shweta from Arihant 
Capital Market Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Shweta: 
First of all, congratulations, sir, and best wishes for the Festive season. 
And my question is, can we see more quarters with order wins of Rs. 500 
crore? 
Nehal Shah: 
Shweta, I would like to have more quarters wins, who would not want 
that, right? But the reality of life is that I cannot give you a number, but 
there are larger deals that we are talking with customers, and we are 
hoping to close with them. As and when we have a concrete go ahead 
from our customer for delivering projects, we will start, and we will come 
back and give you announcements. 
But all I can say right now is that the traction is very good. And you would 
have seen that this quarter we saw about Rs. 675 crore. This is the same 
quarter; first time we have gone with a top line of Rs. 200 crore plus. And 
we would want to continue to maintain this trend going forward as well, 
so that we reach our Rs. 1,000 crore top line mark. We are very, very 
excited and I think this is a good time to do business and acquire more 
and more customers. 
Shweta: 
Okay. And when will revenue from Pune Smart City start accruing? 
Nehal Shah: 
Some of it will start from this quarter, that is the third quarter. Majority 
of that would come in the fourth and the first quarter next year. 
Shweta: 
From third quarter? 
Nehal Shah: 
From third quarter we will have some billing done for transition. From 
fourth quarter we will have the implementation done. And first quarter 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 13 of 16 
next year we will have the final implementation billing done. So, it will 
take about two to three quarters before we have the complete 
implementation done, before we move to the O&M. 
Shweta: 
Okay. Got it, sir. Can you give some light on cash flow and return on 
capital employed? 
Gopal Tiwari: 
See, return on capital employed we have reached around two digit 
number, 10% we have achieved, but as earlier also we have pointed out 
our denominator, the networth figure is almost Rs. 600 crore. So, that 
includes almost Rs. 200 plus crore of our real estate properties in the 
company. So, if we net it out from our networth figure, then return on 
capital will increase shoot up by another 3%, 4% definitely. So, that is the 
reason, I mean, the more we will grow in our numbers in income and our 
ratio will keep on increasing. 
Shweta: 
Okay. Got it, sir. Thank you so much. And best wishes for Diwali. Thank 
you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Pratik Dedhia, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Dedhia: 
Yes. In terms of, I just wanted to check in terms of the order bids that you 
put if you can just give us some broad ballpark number in terms of what 
range of orders you put in or probably number of orders that you bid, so 
that just gives us some idea in terms of the future possibility in terms of 
the order wins. So, this is more from the government sector part and 
second question is are there any specific orders or proposals that you put 
in for the private sector as well? So, that would also be helpful? 
Nehal Shah: 
So, I couldn't get your first question, Pratik, but I'll answer your second 
question first and then you can repeat your first question. With regard to 
specific private customers we have been working closely with a lot of 
private customers here in India as well as global. If you look at our 
numbers, most of our revenues from outside India are non-government. 
They are all private enterprise that we are working with. There are certain 
large deals that are there in the pipeline which are on very advanced 
stages of negotiation and closures.  
In the next quarter I would rather say if everything goes fine, we'll be able 
to give out the names and the details about the orders, but the traction 
is strong. We are constantly getting good traction, good number of bids 
are going in. For me to come up and give up a number on the bids would 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 14 of 16 
become a little challenging here. But having said that, the traction is 
fantastic and there are a lot of customers that we are right now 
negotiating for these divisions. 
Ramanan Ramanathan: If I can add, you have to understand the nature of our business. Our 
nature of business is large projects in the Indian sector, particularly in the 
government, in smart cities and so on. And they're typically anywhere 
greater than Rs. 30 crore, Rs. 40 crore at a minimum, but it can go as 
much as how the Pune city project went for Rs. 430 crore.  
The second is enterprise customers. So, our enterprise customers are 
typically in the international sector, they are multi-million-dollar projects. 
They are not small projects. 
And even in India, the enterprise customers are in the larger range 
because they are large customers. So, it would be a pan-India sort of 
setting. So, you get an understanding of the flavour of the business that 
we go after. And therefore, by its very nature the projects are significant 
in size, though they are of different sizes, and some are very large indeed 
and some of them are not as large. But all of them are significant projects 
from many perspectives. So that is the nature of the business that we are 
after. 
Nitin Shah: 
So, I would like to take. There will be business of services that we are 
doing. What you see current year is only 20% or maybe 15%, depending 
upon the tenure of the contract, 5 years or 6 years, but you may see that 
every such contract would start yielding us that kind of profitability or the 
revenue for all subsequent years. So, we are very happy with this 
recurring revenue kind of project. So, we don't have to worry and get 
frustrated to sign or get any business that whichever comes our way. So 
sometimes if the margins are not good, we refuse also. We don't take 
them. And that's how our strategy is, but in every approval profit that you 
have seen, all the revenues that you have seen, most of the revenues are 
repeatable for the subsequent year also. 
Pratik Dedhia: 
Got it. Okay, fair enough. I think that gives me a lot more clarity. So, 
thanks. I'll just repeat my first question. So, I understand you cannot 
divulge the value, but for government orders, if you can just give a broad 
ballpark number of orders that you bid or waiting for and sorry what do 
you say? waiting for the bid to be open? 
Nehal Shah: 
So, there are a couple of orders that they've already bid for, for which we 
are waiting for the technical evaluation happening. On the pipeline front, 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 15 of 16 
there are about five or six large tenders that are up for bidding. We are 
evaluating them. We will soon be figuring out which are the ones that 
you want to go after and bid for it. So, if you want, what I can do is I can 
give you a little more detail on an email. So, if you could share your email 
with our team here, I would be able to give you a little bit more detailed 
answer on that. 
Pratik Dedhia: 
Sure. Okay. That would be great. Yes, I'll share my email. Thanks.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sameera Middha an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Sameera Middha: 
Hello. Good afternoon, sir. I have a question regarding the recent 
acquisition done by the company. So, can you please elaborate upon 
that? 
Nehal Shah: 
So, Sameera we haven't done any recent acquisition. What we have done 
is opened up our office in Middle East that is in Dubai for expanding our 
business there. And we are glad to share that we've got our first customer 
for which service delivery has already started and we have hired about 
65 people there. So, it's opening up our branch office rather a subsidiary 
there in the Middle East at Dubai.  
Sameera Middha: 
And this is just to increase our presence in that particular location. 
Nehal Shah: 
Correct. So, we've got a customer which is local there. It’s a BFSI customer 
in Abu Dhabi. So, to cater to them we have the local presence in terms of 
hiring people, employing them and also giving purposes. So, this gives us 
a good opportunity to expand ourselves in that region. 
Sameera Middha: 
Okay. Got it, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kartik Bhatt, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Kartik Bhatt: 
Yes. I have two questions. Can you provide the top and bottom-line 
guidance for your FY26 and when it comes to smart City, what will be the 
revenue percentage coming to this year? 
Nehal Shah: 
So, our revenue guidance, once again I'm giving it's going to be Rs. Annual 
revenue of 1,000 crore sometime over the next seven quarters we should 
be able to do it. I'm not saying a year because that confuses. So, rather 
six to seven quarters, we should be able to have our annual top line of Rs. 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 16 of 16 
1,000 crore done. With respect to bottom line, I would want to say that 
we would be doing better than what we are doing today.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have no further questions. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. Over to you, sirs. 
Nehal Shah: 
Thank you for your participation and engagement during this call.  
In closing, I would like to state that given the traction in order wins, we 
remain well positioned to reach the Rs. 1,000 crore annual revenue in the 
near future. A comprehensive transformation program has been 
undertaken over the last couple of years, encompassing governance, 
transparency, human resource management, leadership and sales and 
marketing. This will ensure that our growth and progress is 
multidimensional and not restricted to financial parameters alone.  
If you have any additional questions or require further information about 
our company, please reach out to our team or contact CDR India.  
On behalf of ADSL family, we wish all of you a Happy Diwali and a 
prosperous New Year. We look forward to interacting again in the next 
quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Allied Digital Services Limited. That concludes 
this conference. Thank you all for joining us, you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited 
without changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information 
was shared/discussed on the call. 
