 
 
Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
Regd. Office: Universal Majestic, 9th Floor, P. L. Lokhande Marg, Chembur (W), Mumbai - 400043 
Phone: (91-22) 25485300 | Fax: (91-22) 25485331 | CIN: L74999MH2017PLC292281 
Email: info@sterlingwilson.com | Website: www.sterlingandwilsonre.com 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 542760 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: SWSOLAR 
 
Sub.:  Investors Call Q2 FY 25- Transcript 
 
Ref.: Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letters dated October 10, 2024 and October 15, 2024, please find enclosed 
the Transcript of the Investors Call held on Tuesday, October 15, 2024 at 09:00 A.M. on the 
Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial results of the Company for the quarter and 
half year ended September 30, 2024. 
 
The same is available on the Company’s website at www.sterlingandwilsonre.com.  
 
Request you to take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
 
Jagannadha Rao Ch. V. 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
Venkata 
Jagannadha 
Rao Chunduru
Digitally signed by 
Venkata Jagannadha Rao 
Chunduru 
Date: 2024.10.22 
11:59:38 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 15, 2024 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 15th October 2024 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AMIT JAIN – GLOBAL CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 
MR. SANDEEP THOMAS MATHEW – HEAD INVESTOR 
RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy 
Limited Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance 
and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Thomas Mathew, Head Investor Relations for 
his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sandeep Thomas Mathew: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our Q2 FY '25 earnings call. Along with me, I have Mr. 
Amit Jain our Global CEO; and SGA our Investor Relations Advisor. We will start the call with 
the key operational highlights for the quarter and industry outlook by Mr. Amit followed by the 
financial highlights, post which we will open the floor for Q&A. 
Thank you, and over to you, Amit. 
Amit Jain: 
Thanks, Sandeep, and a warm welcome to all the participants on this call. I would like to begin 
with a quick update on our business operations and outlook. We have continued to build on the 
strong ordering momentum of Q1 by announcing an additional INR 2,044 crores worth of new 
orders in Q2. Our total new order inflow this fiscal have touched INR 4,214 crores thus far, and 
are happy to report that we remain on track to meet our full year order inflow guidance of INR 
8,000 crores. 
 
Our unexecuted order value now stands at over INR 10,500 crores, and it is the highest in the 
company's history. While Q1 ordering activity saw a mix of international and domestic orders, 
all our orders in Q2 were from domestic market. 
 
One of our key order wins this quarter was the LOI for 2 x 250-megawatt AC standalone BESS 
plant at Rajasthan by JSW. This project till date is India's largest battery energy storage project 
and one of the very few projects of gigawatt-hour scale in single location globally, which shall 
be executed by 2025. 
 
This project win is a significant development as over the last 12 to 18 months, there have been 
multiple tenders and bids of projects for either standalone storage or hybrid that is renewable 
plus storage in India, making it a very important step for us as a company. This win depicts our 
in-house capabilities and knowledge for energy storage system engineering and execution and 
places us with a large advantage in the fast-growing solar and storage market. 
 
Additionally, the company has also been awarded a LOI for 20-megawatt floating solar project 
at Vijaynagar from JSW, which marks the third such floating solar project the company is 
currently executing in the country.  

 
Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
We achieved a key breakthrough with Brookfield, one of the leading global renewable private 
IPPs in the country through the balance of system order for its 633-megawatt DC project in 
Rajasthan, India. Scope of work includes engineering, design, testing and commissioning the 
PV plant, along with supply and works for a 220 kV switchyard.  
Repeat orders are a testimony of a good EPC contractor, and we are happy to have bagged repeat 
orders from ENGIE and AMPYR for their PV projects in Gujarat and Maharashtra respectively. 
 
The latest order, which we received yesterday was a turnkey project by NTPC for a 250-
megawatt AC or 312-megawatt DC project in Rajasthan. With this order, we continue to 
strengthen our relationship with one of the biggest renewable developers in the country. 
 
In terms of execution, we anticipate a very strong pickup in execution in the second half, as we 
had indicated in the previous conference call. We have all building blocks in place to meet our 
revenue guidance of INR8,000 crores for the year. We have significantly strengthened our 
engineering, execution and support team in India to achieve significant ramp-up in execution in 
H2. 
 
The recent INR500 crores loan sanctioned by IREDA and the credit rating upgrade received last 
night, moving us to investment grade, will go a long way in helping us achieve our revenue 
guidance.  
Our unexecuted order book currently stands at INR10,549 crores with approximately 78% 
constituting domestic orders, while our international UOV pertains to two projects in Europe 
and two projects in South Africa. 
 
We are continuing to see a very strong bid pipeline in place for India with over 23 gigawatts of 
projects likely to be awarded in the next 6 to 12 months. Apart from the typically strong PSU 
pipeline, we are also seeing a strong pipeline of private IPP project coming to the fore. 
 
In H1, 11 out of 12 projects that we have won have come from private sector. Our existing 
private customers have exciting growth plans, and we are confident of growing the order book 
with them in H2. Simultaneously, majority of the PSU bids will get finalized in Q3 and Q4, 
which will lead to a much larger addressable market for us in H2 as compared to H1.  
We continue to judiciously evaluate projects in India and overseas and are mindful of having to 
remain patient in order to target profitable orders. 
 
Moving to the Nigeria project, we are still awaiting final order signing, which we are expecting 
to happen soon. Also, as I have mentioned in earlier calls, post order signing we expect project 
to take 6 months to achieve financial closure.  
We would like to reiterate that lumpiness in order inflow is to be expected with EPC company 
like ours and time lines for achieving project closure could vary depending on a host of factors, 
including finalization of contractual terms, financial closure, etcetera. 

 
Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
Our O&M portfolio outlook remains strong and portfolio stands at 7.8 gigawatts as of September 
2024. The benefit of a larger portfolio is expected to bear fruit in the coming quarters as our EPC 
pipeline will continue to feed a large portfolio of O&M projects over the next 12 to 18 months. 
 
Now moving to industry outlook. India has been our single largest focus market for the past 3 
years, and we have been constantly endeavouring to grab a larger pie of the market. We are 
continuously recalibrating our strategy as market evolves. From only pure play BOS, we have 
also taken a few turnkey projects strategically and looking to tap into new opportunities like 
BESS. With a strong balance sheet, we remain well positioned to tap into strong industry growth 
in both domestic and international markets. 
 
With this, I will ask Sandeep to take you through consolidated financial highlights. Thank you 
very much. 
Sandeep Thomas Mathew: Thank you, Amit. We are very happy to report a third consecutive quarter of positive EBITDA, 
PBT and PAT at a consol level in this quarter. Our operating revenue for Q2 FY '25 was 
INR1,131 crores. Revenue grew 36% year-on-year and 13% sequentially. Our top line for the 
quarter was largely driven by domestic EPC execution. 
 
On the margin front, our consol reported gross margin was approximately 10% in this quarter. 
However, it is important to note that while our domestic margins was lower at 9%, approximately 
10% of this domestic revenue that was booked in this quarter was cost equal to revenue in some 
projects, which were yet to achieve the POCM threshold.  If you adjust for the same, the 
blended gross margin for the domestic segment turns out to roughly about 10.5%. As stated in 
the previous conference calls, we believe that our domestic gross margins will hover in the 10% 
range in this fiscal year. 
 
Our O&M gross margin at 28% was higher than average due to lower expenditure that was 
incurred in Q2. However, we anticipate these margins to normalize due to post monsoon 
maintenance that is likely in the second half of this year. Recurring O&M margins are trending 
towards more steady-state margins of approximately 25% that we have guided to previously. On 
the overhead front, we do believe bulk of the optimizations we had planned have been 
incorporated and current levels are likely to sustain. 
 
Reported Q2 EBITDA was INR51 crores at a nearly 5% EBITDA margin in this quarter. Our 
PAT of INR9 crores, while significantly higher both on a year-on-year and sequential basis 
continues to remain impacted by a non-cash deferred tax asset charge in this quarter as was in 
the case both in Q4 FY '24 and Q1 FY '25 due to the standalone profitability. 
 
We are very excited to report a key development that has happened overnight, which is our 
upgrade in the credit rating. Our long-term ratings have been upgraded one notch to investment 
grade or BBB- from BB+ by ACUITE Ratings yesterday. This is a positive development, which 
is expected to give a favourable push to our execution plans in the forthcoming quarters, as Amit 
had alluded to earlier. 

 
Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
 
Our order book continues to grow rapidly, and we have achieved one of the highest unexecuted 
order value in the company history at INR10,549 crores. And this provides a higher revenue run 
rate visibility for forth coming quarters. 
 
With anticipated easing of the liquidity challenges, we still hope to be able to meet our annual 
revenue guidance, which as we had guided in the last quarter conference call aided by a strong 
execution pace pick up in the second half of this fiscal year.  
We plan to achieve this execution scale up through the new INR500 crores loan facility that we 
had availed from IREDA, fresh sanctions and restoration of non-fund-based limits with the credit 
rating upgrade that happened last night, and also through negotiation for open credit with large 
key vendors. 
 
Now coming to the balance sheet. Our gross borrowings have increased this quarter due to the 
new INR500 crores loan facility that we had availed from IREDA. Our non-fund-based limits 
were constrained in Q2 as we had to pay some of our vendors in shorter cycles to ease up limits. 
 
With our long-term rating back to investment grade, we are confident of obtaining fresh non-
fund limits to scale up execution, as I had earlier alluded to. Total net debt stands at roughly 
INR326 crores as of September '24.  
On the indemnity proceeds, there are approximately INR109 crores, which has been billed and 
it is largely expected to take care of debt repayments due in the second half of this fiscal year. 
 
The company continues to remain cash out on approximately INR800 crores of indemnity-
backed legacy projects, which we believe will crystallize fully over the course of the next 24 to 
36 months. 
 
With this, we can now open the floor to questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Puneet from HSBC. 
Puneet: 
Congratulations on good order wins. Can you talk a bit about what really do you mean by the 
LOIs that you won on the BESS project? Are these firm orders? And what should be the quantum 
and scope of these? 
Amit Jain: 
Yes. All the orders announced by us are firm orders, either we have signed a contract or firm 
LOA has been received. So all the orders have been placed and the order which you are referring 
to is 2x 250 megawatt AC/ 1,000 megawatt hour or 1 gigawatt hour plant in Rajasthan by JSW. 
Puneet: 
And would you be... 
Amit Jain: 
And it's a balance of system plant and batteries to be supplied by the client for this project. 
Puneet: 
Okay. But you also mentioned that there is some turnkey project that you're now beginning to 
take as a part of your change in strategy... 

 
Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Amit Jain: 
Yes, turnkey projects because as you have seen in some past quarters also that some of the 
projects we have taken, which include the supply of modules. So that's what we mean by the 
turnkey projects. Some of the projects, which are coming -- being floated by public sector units 
are including modules. And yesterday, the LOA we have received it is also including the supply 
of modules. And that's what we mean by that we are now accepting turnkey projects also as a 
change in strategy. So, we are selectively taking the project both on supply, including module 
supply as well. 
Puneet: 
Right. And can you also talk a bit about what is the competitive intensity in this space? 
Amit Jain: 
So as market is growing significantly, there is -- like market is exploding completely. And as 
market is growing, more new players are also entering into the market. So competitive intensity 
is going up, but we have been very careful in picking up the orders. So, as you have -- we have 
alluded in our speech that H2 alone, the domestic market size is 23 gigawatts. 
 
So, market is growing, number of players is growing, competitive intensity is going up, but there 
is enough space in the market so that we can pick the orders within our defined risk metrics and 
our expected margins level. 
Puneet: 
Understood. And can you also define the size for the first half of the year? What was the market 
size, for example, 23 is what you claim for second half? What was the first half? And what was 
your market share there? 
Amit Jain: 
Market size was roughly close to -- our addressable market, where we chose to not bid for some 
of the projects, wherever we bid our success rate was approximately 46% and the complete 
market share of the addressable market was 27%, the orders which we had won. You can say 
roughly INR16,000 to INR17,000 crores was the addressable market size. 
Puneet: 
In the first half alone? 
Amit Jain: 
Yes. Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit from Aditya Birla Sun Life. 
Rohit: 
Sir, my first question is more to do with the non-fund-based limits. Earlier, I was under the 
impression that your non-fund-based limits is quite low, probably that will restrict your 
execution in the second half. But now as things are improving, as you said in your opening 
remarks, and you seem to be confident about achieving the guidance or retaining the guidance -
- earlier guidance. I would like to understand what exactly has changed in those aspects, 
especially on the non-fund-based limits. What are we -- at what position we are? And what does 
this rating upgrade imply? If you could throw more color on it? 
Sandeep Thomas Mathew: Sure. So, Rohit, see one thing that you have to understand is we have already been doing with 
the current limits about INR1,000 crores run rate on top line. Over and above this, we have now 
got a fund-based facility for INR500 crores from IREDA, which came in pretty much at the end 
of September. So that also gives us now further ammunition. 

 
Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
 
Now obviously, with the credit rating upgrade, we believe that some of the limits that were 
earlier frozen and also for fresh limits now that we move to investment grade, we will see a 
significant interest from banks, and we should be able to execute at the run rate that is required 
to meet the execution guidance that we have given for the rest of the year. 
 
So that will be a gradual pickup, but we anticipate that things will begin to move very quickly. 
And the loan that we had also taken in place was a backup plan in case the rating upgrade which 
happened overnight got delayed like it has had in the past. So that is what has effectively 
changed. And we will also be relying on open credit to facilitate faster execution. And those are 
essentially the 3 things that will work for us going forward to be able to execute at a much higher 
pace than what we are doing currently. 
Rohit: 
So I really appreciate these remarks. But just to help me understand the calculation. If I use 
INR10 billion non-fund-based limits, plus this INR5 billion from IREDA. That is I get a limit 
of -- I mean total funds, this exposure is INR15 billion, which I churn at 4 times a year, INR60 
billion is the COGS and INR66 billion is the revenue. Is that the working? And maybe with this 
credit rating upgrade and maybe some limits that gets unfrozen, eventually, it could move to that 
run rate of INR80 billion. That's the way it works like? 
Sandeep Thomas Mathew: Over and above this, there will also be open credit Rohit, like I alluded to. So that will also come 
in to the picture. And this INR1,000 crores that you're talking about, those numbers also will 
move up with the credit rating upgrade that has happened. 
Amit Jain: 
So, on top of that, I would like to add that some of our key suppliers, key components, including 
the module supplier, tracker supplier and some of the most reputed cable supplies in the country 
are looking at our improving balance sheet and the order book have agreed to offer us very good 
attractive open credit terms, which will help us significantly ramping up the revenues in next 2 
quarters. 
Rohit: 
Got it, sir. My second question is more to do with this credit rating upgrade only because we 
earlier also have had this credit rating upgrade. But the moment this consortium of bankers come 
on to the table, discuss and get things approved for you, what could be the time line that is from 
this upgrade to that limit being unfrozen? What is that time frame? 
Sandeep Thomas Mathew: So, Rohit, I mean, see, we have already been talking to banks. The process has been an ongoing 
one. But anywhere in the next 30 to 45 days, I think we should be having most of the incremental 
facilities that we're talking about in place. And like I mentioned, this is not a -- it happened 
yesterday last night, and then therefore, we are now going to start initiating.  
 
There is already been a continuous dialogue with the banks. They are aware of the developments 
that are happening, the requirements that we need in terms of non-fund-based limits, etcetera. 
And we found that most of our bankers have been extremely supportive of ourcase as well. So, 
we should start seeing things beginning to pick up very soon on that front. 
Rohit: 
Got it. And my final question will be this Nigeria order is a big order. Would it entail any of 
your parting of this non-fund-based limits to that particular order because it's a big order and 

 
Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
they may also release some guarantees? I mean, advances to you and you may possibly require 
to submit some -- furnish some guarantees? 
Sandeep Thomas Mathew: No, no. Not necessarily. There will be separate facilities because this will be done by our US 
subsidiary, as you may be aware. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aejas Lakhani from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
So, Amit and Sandeep, I wanted to understand if you could lay out the execution pipeline to 
whatever extent is possible because effectively till now, we were constrained with limits, which 
have now opened up. Order book was always good and enhancing, which has further got better. 
So could you please outline and nuance the exact execution details that you are going to entail 
over the next 6 months? 
Amit Jain: 
So, as we have guided that revenues for this year were going to be INR8,000 crores. So, we have 
already achieved more than INR2,000 crores in first 2 quarters, and that revenue guidance for 
the H2 remains INR6,000 crores. So we'll execute the projects to achieve the guided revenue. 
 
Now all the credit facilities and the rating upgrade has taken place, which will help us to achieve 
the desired revenue rate, which is required to meet the revenue guidance. Already, the execution 
teams and engineering teams are in place completely to handle this volume of the projects. So, 
this INR6,000 crores is the quantum, which we'll be achieving in next 2 quarters. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Okay. Amit, could you nuance that with where are clients in that journey? Where are we? Have 
the procurement orders been placed? Which are the key strategies… 
Amit Jain: 
So, most of the clients as of now are either in Gujarat or Rajasthan. And there are 4 international 
projects, two of them are going in Spain and two of them in South Africa. The Spain project is 
also -- both -- all the international projects are also moved ahead, except the one which we got 
recently for which we got LNTP a couple of weeks back. 
 
So all the three projects are taking off. The orders and engineering has been finalized and the 
goods have been,  like we have started shipping equipment to the sites. In India, the 4 gigawatt 
of portfolio we are executing in Khavda. So all the projects are in advanced stage, and we are 
expecting or we are targeting to commission all the projects in Khavda before the next monsoon. 
 
The other projects for most of the private IPP players are in Rajasthan, which most of the -- quite 
a bit of portfolio is targeted to be commissioned before March. So that's how we plan to execute 
our entire portfolio and achieve the turnover of revenue of INR8,000 crores before the financial 
year. And we have over INR2,000 crores of open credit from the large vendors in addition to the 
credit facility and the rating upgrade, which has happened. So all this put together will help us 
in achieving the revenue guidance. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
That's very helpful. Amit, could you also just sort of nuance the fact that out of the INR6,000 
crores of orders that you are likely to do, if it is possible, could you nuance that how much is 
likely to come from the private sector because that has a certainty of a deadline because, let's 
say, for any reason, Khavda and PSU could be delayed? Or is there scope for delay because, say, 

 
Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
evacuation sites are not ready or any such event because of which the revenue could spill over 
even further. So I'm trying to really understand that how tight is that... 
Amit Jain: 
I would like to give you an exact clarification on that. Either the private or like as far as the PSU 
projects are concerned, even evacuation doesn't impact revenue guidance. So all the projects in 
Khavda are in advanced stage, the modules were to be supplied by NTPC. NTPC has now 
finalized all the orders and supplying modules to us. 
 
So, on Khavda, either by NTPC or GIPCL, I don't see any concern there as far as the revenue 
part is concerned. So we'll be supplying our total part and completing the construction of the 
project. We are more than 95% - 97% of the revenue line. So on all the PSU projects, we'll be 
achieving revenue and I don't see any delay anywhere. 
 
And similarly, on the private part also, we are not foreseeing any delay. So as far as the delay, 
either on account of evacuation or supply of materials, there isnt any concern on that front, and 
we are very confident of achieving those revenues. So we have carefully gone through all the 
project status, what can be constrained. And after considering all those factors only, we have 
given this guidance. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Okay. I take that. Sandeep, my next question is, could you clarify the adjustment that you made 
or where you stated that on an adjusted basis, the gross margins would be 10.5%. Could you 
explain that again, please? 
Sandeep Thomas Mathew: Yes. So, Aejas, if you had noticed our total revenue for this particular quarter in the domestic 
segment, right, EPC segment was INR900-odd crores to which about roughly about INR90 
crores of revenue was cost equal to revenue because it had not -- because those projects, we are 
yet to recognize margin on those because they have not reached the threshold. So till they reach 
the revenue recognition threshold, we do it on a cost equals revenue basis. So in forthcoming 
quarters, you will see the margins on those projects come in and effectively your overall gross 
margins in the domestic segment normalize. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it. Lastly, could you just tell me if it is possible to disclose that how much of the non-fund-
based limits have actually got released? And how many were locked on account of the credit 
rating upgrade which just came through? 
Sandeep Thomas Mathew: So no. So, the credit rating upgrade has just happened last night, Aejas. So, give us some time. 
I mean, I think we'll be able to probably in the next quarter, give you a better clarity on what are 
the incremental limits that we have got in place. Like we had mentioned earlier, we have total 
limits of roughly about INR4,000 crores that we have -- we have total limits of around INR6,000 
crores and roughly INR4,000, which was utilized. And we are working towards essentially 
freeing up further limits and also working on new limits. Almost, in fact, we're looking to double 
our existing LC limits that are available currently at this point. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Noted. Sandeep, the credit rating disclosure which you put out said that the total quantum was 
INR7,350 crores and you mentioned INR6,000 crores. So could you explain me the difference? 
Sandeep Thomas Mathew: So, this includes unallocated limits for the new banks. 

 
Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Okay. So what you're saying is you were operating with about INR4,000 crores of limits, 
INR6,000 is just -- I mean, INR2,000 incrementally is just a release once the upgrade happened 
plus newer limits that you had -- you were trying to get? 
Sandeep Thomas Mathew: Correct. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Okay. And how quickly do you foresee the limit enhancements by banks? Is it again going to 
probably take 1 month - 1.5 months? 
Sandeep Thomas Mathew: So, see, some of the proposals have already received in principal approval. So, like I had 
indicated, we should, in the next month or so, be able to start utilizing some of them. We already 
have some additional limits in place for our international projects as well. So, they are already 
in play. And as we go along this particular quarter, I think by the end of this quarter, we will be 
able to give you a much better clarity on where we stand on the fresh limits that we have availed. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Perfect. Sandeep, just lastly, could you share that given that there was a constraint on limits, was 
that limiting our ability to participate for incremental order book? 
Amit Jain: 
No, that was never a constraint for us because we were able to provide all the bank guarantees, 
which are required for public sector units. So that was never a constraint with us. So we have 
participated in the bids, which we chose are -- fits our target pipeline. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it. All the best to the team for an execution in the second half. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Purswani from Svan Investments. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Yes. Sir, just wanted to get the sense if you can throw some light in terms of the progress on the 
Reliance and how the things have been crystallized so far on that order front? 
Amit Jain: 
So, as I discussed in my last earnings call that we are working on pilot project for Reliance in 
which they are testing multiple technologies and multiple combinations, and we expect to 
complete that project in this quarter. And bigger rollout will take place after that. So, Reliance 
as it's in public domain is planning a huge rollout and it is expected to roll out either in the last 
quarter or next quarter. So as and when it gets finalized, we'll let you know. And teams are in 
discussion on the rollout for that particular big project. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Okay. And secondly, sir, given the fact that there has been -- and in terms of the sector as a 
whole, there has been a sharp revival and there has been huge opportunities opening up. Just 
wanted to understand from the employee retention program at our end. I mean, how we are 
seeing it at the current juncture because that is something, which we are seeing across the sector 
that is a challenge which is faced by all the companies. So, what are our initiatives to retain the 
talent? 
Amit Jain: 
So, we always have been like, I think, good at retaining our teams that the company is like one 
of the pioneers in this sector, and we have a very strong team. But what we have done is we have 
developed for the rollout multiple divisions, like there are separate team to execute, like in India, 
we have two particular teams led by two leaders to handle PSU front. We have developed two 

 
Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
teams, which handled the IPP fronts led by all senior leaders under the leadership of Mr. C.K. 
Thakur and we have added 1 team to handle the Reliance rollout. 
 
So, we have, in parallel, five execution teams, which are handling and they have been reinforced 
significantly. So -- and they are being backed up by one of the strongest engineering teams in 
the country. So, on that front, we are sufficiently well staffed, and we can address the growing 
market completely. And if we feel need, the teams can be ramped up. So there are multiple 
fronts. So, we are taking care of employee in annual appraisals. There are retention plans like 
ESOPs. So, all possible measures, which are there are being taken to retain and motivate the 
teams. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Okay. And sir, also, since we have given the clarity for the FY '25 and we've also seen an 
improvement in the credit rating and opening above the credit time which will lead to an 
improvement in the execution for FY '25. But looking at the sector and opportunities of tailwinds 
and execution, how should we look into the FY '26 at the current juncture for the Sterling & 
Wilson? 
Amit Jain: 
So, see, we expect to open FY26 after achieving INR8,000 crores of order book this year and 
achieving the revenue. So you can expect that we'll be opening with order book also close to 
INR8,000 to INR10,000 crores and similar amount of order booking in that particular year. So 
as on conservative side, excluding Reliance and Nigeria, we can still grow at 15% to 20% CAGR 
annually on a very, very conservative basis. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Okay. And sir, just a final question. If you just can also give some -- just wanted to seek some 
clarification on the recent sale of shares by the promoter especially in the contract, this year we 
do not have an indemnity clause liability from the promoter. If you can give some clarification 
on that part, that would be really helpful. 
Amit Jain: 
So, as you must have read in papers, our most active promoter, Mr. Khurshed Daruvala has 
reiterated his position, that he's going to continue and is a long-term investor in the company, 
and he's going to be there. And there is no plan of any further sale of shares by him. So, for all 
other promoters I will not be in a position to comment. But as -- because Mr. Daruvala has stated 
publicly and this article has been published in all the major newspapers across the country that 
he is going to be there, and he's reaffirmed his commitment to be the long-term player in the 
company. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gautam Gosar from Monarch AIF. 
Gautam Gosar: 
So, my question is basically on execution. So, since majority of our order book is domestic, I 
basically wanted to understand how is the progress going on in the Khavda region as well as in 
the GIPCL? So majorly, we won these orders 1 or 2 years back, and these orders are of big size 
of around INR5,500 crores plus INR1,100 crores. So, if you could highlight how the execution 
has been going on? How much is executed and what is the expectation for the year? It would be 
really helpful. 
Amit Jain: 
Yes. So as far as the Khavda portfolio is concerned, we are well on track to deliver as per the 
contractual time lines to the client. There have been like initially some delays in the supply of 

 
Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
modules. Projects are on track. And as I discussed earlier in the call that we expect to complete 
Khavda -- majority of the Khavda portfolio in this fiscal year. And before the monsoon, the 
entire construction of the entire Khavda portfolio will be completed. So that's where we stand. 
In addition to that, the other portfolio, majority of the IPP portfolio -- private IPP portfolio, 
which is in Rajasthan, will also be delivered before March so that we can achieve a revenue of 
INR8,000 crores in this fiscal. So all the projects execution plan has been put in place. All the 
engineering is complete, orders on the suppliers have been placed. So we are well positioned. 
All the teams have been mobilized to the project site. So, we are very, very well positioned to 
execute all the projects as per committed time lines and to achieve the revenue of INR8,000 
crores this fiscal. 
Gautam Gosar: 
Okay. And sir, are there any orders in the order book, which are yet to start the execution? 
Amit Jain: 
Yes, we received one order last night. Yesterday, one order was received from NTPC. So just 
LOA has been received. That will be started now. But as soon as we get the orders, the 
engineering and ordering on that orders start immediately. That's what our strength is that we 
are very, very nimble on execution. So before even -- once we feel that we are in the final stages 
of getting an award, the teams start working on the order. 
 
And as soon as we get the orders, engineering and procurement actions start taking place on an 
immediate basis. So there is no other order except which was received yesterday. So we are 
progressing well as per the schedule on all the projects or orders backed by us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavik Shah from MK Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Bhavik Shah: 
The first question is on the Nigeria project. Like are we seeing any challenges there? Is there 
any chance of the Nigeria project not going through? Or like is it just delayed due to the 
bureaucracy? 
Amit Jain: 
No. Actually, we are -- like Nigeria project is on track, and it is definitely coming. So there is 
no question of cancellation of Nigerian order. Just to give a background, Sun Africa, our partner, 
on this model, they have already signed 2 projects in Angola and last week they have -- this 
week, they're going to sign one very big order in Serbia. 
 
So there were some -- like as you know, there are some particular domestic situation in Nigeria 
on the political front, which has got like -- we were expecting it to sign it last month, but 
somehow it has got delayed but we are expecting it to get concluded very, very soon. 
 
The negotiation has been completed with NDPHC, and their new Board also has approved the 
project. So, there is no uncertainty about the project. Project has big support from the U.S. 
government as a part of their various renewable energy and support Africa initiative. So there is 
no uncertainty about the project, and we are expecting to happen it very, very soon. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Got it, sir. And this was the final tranche of indemnity right? No further amount is expected? 

 
Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Amit Jain: 
No, no. Indemnity tranches, I think Sandeep will share more details, but they will materialize 
from next 24 to 36 months. As and when the funds will get crystallized every year, the promoters 
will pay as per the crystallized amounts. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Okay. So, what is the amount you can expect over the next, say, 12 months approximately? 
Amit Jain: 
I think I will pass it on to Sandeep to share that exact figure. 
Sandeep Thomas Mathew: Bhavik so right now, what we have indicated is that INR109 crores has been billed as of 
September 30, which will be received by 30th of November. So that is the amount that is going 
to be received by us in this particular quarter. Now over and above this, there are multiple cases, 
which are essentially in various stages of settlement. Some of them we are trying to look and 
settle with the client. 
In those cases, we will be able to achieve faster closure in which case, we will either receive the 
amounts from the client directly or like we have always indicated in the past, the promoters are 
finally just backstopping it. So if it's not from the client and the settlement happens, then the 
promoters will come in and backstop. 
 
Now if we take the legal route, however, and go through the arbitration process, those tend to be 
slightly more time consuming. And that is why we have said that for full crystallization of the 
INR800-odd crores, which are still money that we are currently cash out, it could take a period 
of 24 to 36 months for full realization of the amount. It's very difficult to put a number at this 
point on what will exactly materialize -- crystallize in the next 12 months apart from what has 
already been billed to the promoters. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Got it. And sir, what is the interest rate on the loan we have taken from IREDA? 
Sandeep Thomas Mathew: About 11.6%. 
Bhavik Shah: 
11.6%. And sir, last question, so on the -- how are our margins on the RIL pilot project? What 
kind of gross margins do we have there? 
Amit Jain: 
So margins are the same as we are like the project of similar nature in the market. So our margin 
on Reliance also are aligned with the margins of similar projects in the open market. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Okay. And sir, say for FY '26, do we expect our gross margins to improve from the current 
levels? 
Amit Jain: 
Yes, we do expect to improve because overhead is practically we have stabilized overhead, and 
we are continuously working to improve the overhead numbers but revenues will go up 
significantly. And rather, I would say, not even the next quarter onwards, revenues will be 
ramped up significantly. And you will see better like the gross margins will remain same but 
EBITDA numbers will improve significantly going forward in all the quarters. 
Sandeep Thomas Mathew: Bhavik, just to add, I think on the domestic projects, we have already indicated that we will be 
targeting the 10% to 11% gross margin range. And we have our O&M projects where we have 

 
Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
said that the target steady state margins around 25%. So those are numbers that we have already 
indicated to you. That's where the gross margin number will be. 
 
I think on an EBITDA margin front, since overheads are likely to remain the same, once you 
have higher revenue, there will be operational leverage that could kick in. And your EBITDA 
margin, therefore, may improve significantly. That is what has to be noted as we go ahead. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Yes. So, one question, 7.8 gigawatt of O&M portfolio, can be ramped up to what gigawatt in 
say FY '26? 
Amit Jain: 
So roughly more than 8 gigawatts of projects under execution. And if we say like in FY '26, 
majority of them will be commissioned. And in addition to -- on top of that, there will be third-
party orders. So, all that will be added to our O&M portfolio. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mayank Chaturvedi from HSBC Mutual Funds. 
Mayank Chaturvedi: 
Sir, just on this strategy change now that we're going for more turnkey projects, although it is 
largely from PSUs. And I understand that the prices for the modules in the Indian context, pretty 
much stabilized post this ALMM rollout that has happened. But how are you thinking about a 
possible price decline that might happen with the capacities that are coming up? And how are 
we protected in the turnkey orders that we are taking up from these PSUs because we have 
already suffered before, so I'm assuming that… 
Amit Jain: 
So, there is one major change in strategy. Because earlier, the modules for the turnkey projects 
we are taking, we were procuring in international markets from China. Now we are buying all 
the modules from Tier 1 Indian suppliers. So the contracts are very, very strong with Indian 
suppliers, and they are enforceable. 
 
Second, our relationship in the market is strong. And we are firming up the -- our orders with 
the module suppliers immediately, very, very soon after we are receiving our contract. So we 
are not taking any risk there. So, we are back-to-back protected. So as soon as we get our 
contracts, we are -- on that basis at those price levels prevailing in the market based on our -- on 
which we have submitted our bids, we are finalizing our orders. 
 
So, there is no speculation there, and we are not exposed to any risk. And even either the rise or 
fall in the module prices does not impact our business models because bids are submitted on 
prevailing module prices in the market. 
Mayank Chaturvedi: 
Okay. And these turnkey projects are only restricted to PSUs? Or are we also extending that... 
Amit Jain: 
Right now, the market model in India is such that they are coming -- being floated by PSUs only. 
So far, no IPPs are not coming out with -- they're not asking for module supply from EPC. But 
if they come out with that, we can strategically at that point of time, we can take a call. But as 
of now, it is restricted to PSUs only. 

 
Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Mayank Chaturvedi: 
Okay. Great, sir. And sir, just the second question on the Nigerian order since the U.S. entity is 
involved pretty much. And so do you expect that the signing of the order could be delayed post 
the elections of the U.S.A. and not much further? 
Amit Jain: 
There is no possibility of risk of elections. So we have met senior EXIM Bank officials, senior 
other U.S. officials in this regard. U.S. Congress has committed funds of $120 billion for the 
EXIM Bank to support renewable energy projects in Africa. So this is kind of credit for the -- 
related to energy projects, which is available to U.S. EXIM Bank. The Congress has that support. 
The projects have been mandated to EXIM Bank. So we don't see any impact on the projects 
even post elections because it's the amount, which have been already being sanctioned by the 
Congress. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karan Sanwal from Niveshaay. Please go ahead. 
Karan Sanwal: 
We have two questions, like any major reason for increase in other expenses and other income 
this quarter? 
Amit Jain: 
So other -- there is one agreement with the SP Group that we have a particular gross charge to 
them, which has been charged in this particular quarter and that has led to extra income. And I 
think further clarifications can be given by Sandeep on that. 
Sandeep Thomas Mathew: Yes. So, the onetime nonrecurring income that you have seen in the P&L that was uploaded in 
the investor presentation is the amount that Amit just alluded to. 
Karan Sanwal: 
Okay. And also, if the interest cost, if you could guide how could it shape for the full year like 
we are obviously ramping up the execution. So, we've been taking more non-fund-based limit 
or maybe more working capital limit. So, if you could guide what was the full year interest cost 
for us? 
Sandeep Thomas Mathew: Okay. So, see, I had already mentioned that for the INR500 crores facility that we have availed, 
the interest cost is 11.6%. Now over and above that, we have roughly about INR380-odd crores 
of -- INR350-odd crores of term loans. Now part of these will be repaid with the indemnity 
proceeds that we will be expecting this quarter. So, an amount of the tune of almost INR109 
crores is what that amount will be. And yes, so this is what at least fund-based facilities are there 
at the moment. And roughly around 10% to 11% is what will be the number on the interest cost 
for that.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aashish from InvesQ PMS. 
Aashish: 
Sir, just to clarify, there was quite some discussion on this bank guarantees limitations that we 
had. So, till now, the reason why we are stuck at INR1,000 crores odd was that we had that much 
of limits available. Is that the right way to look at it? Or there were certain other things also 
which constrained us from achieving our target for the last 2 quarters? 
Sandeep Thomas Mathew: No. So see, I mean, execution has been progressing as per plan. You should recall that Q2 is a 
seasonally weaker quarter as well because of the monsoons. And just like Amit had earlier 
mentioned, that bulk of our execution currently happens in Khavda, right. So we were expecting 

 
Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
-- and we had also guided in the earlier calls that, that execution will be second half heavy, which 
is what we are anticipating at the moment. 
Thankfully, we do have now the ratings upgrade in place as well, which will ease up limits for 
us going forward and make execution and elongate credit cycles to some extent as well. So that 
is another thing that will happen and help our execution apart from the availability of limits open 
credit from vendors, etcetera, which we have already worked upon. 
 
So, from -- at the start of the year itself, we had guided that it will be second half heavy, which 
is the case that is likely to happen with execution. And like Amit said, we are on -- pretty much 
on track for that. 
Aashish: 
So, given we have achieved around a couple of thousand crores on the top line in H1, you're 
saying that maybe INR2,000 crores in Q3 and INR4,000 crores in Q4, something like that would 
happen in the next 2 quarters? and that's pretty heavy to -- basically for us to understand. So 
you're okay with those kind of numbers you mentioned, right? 
Amit Jain: 
No. We will not guide you to those numbers. Q3 will be much, much -- significantly better than 
Q2 and Q4 will be our best quarter. Beyond that we will not because all the projects will be 
executed as per their execution plan and the commitments made to the client. So we will not like 
to delay anything. So,  but Q3 will be a strong quarter and Q4 will be our best quarter. Beyond 
that, I will not like to guide you on particular numbers for any quarter. But the final guidance 
for the revenue remains intact. 
Aashish: 
Okay. One more thing on the notes to accounts and auditors' remarks INR2,800 crores number 
that is there in some subsidiary. Just some clarity on that would help. What is it regarding? What 
is the note regarding? 
Sandeep Thomas Mathew: Could you clarify what was the note number, please? 
Aashish: 
Note number I'll have to check, but there's an amount of INR2,811 crores in -- put in some 
subsidiary and there's some remark around that, both in your notes and your -- in terms of matter 
by the auditor. Some clarification would help. So that's what it is, the number is recent. 
Sandeep Thomas Mathew: This would be, I think, in the standalone that you are referring to, right, not on the consol? This 
is the loan to FZCO, which is a subsidiary INR2,800 crores. 
Aashish: 
Sorry, subsidiary this? 
Amit Jain: 
FZCO, Sterling and Wilson Free Zone Company, which is our entity in UAE. 
Aashish: 
Okay. So -- okay. So, it's normal business funding from the parent to the subsidiary for carrying 
on the business, is it? 
Sandeep Thomas Mathew: Correct. 

 
Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Aashish: 
Okay. Fine. Yes. And sir, anything to put remarks on the CFO exit that happened and the 
promoter selling and you have clarified on the promoter’s thing, but -- what's it regarding with 
the CFO exit in this quarter? 
Amit Jain: 
I think our CFO, Mr. Bahadur Dastoor, has been a very valuable and long-term associate with 
the company. He has contributed in all the aspects of the functioning. But it's a part of, I think, 
one's personal aspiration, personal reasons and career growth, I think, which he has taken. He 
has cited a personal reason for moving ahead in his personal and professional journey. 
 
So that would like to say that he has spent quite a long time with our company. And I think as a 
part of his personal plan, he has chosen to move ahead and company highly appreciates and 
value his contribution to the company. 
Aashish: 
Okay. And the replacement for him right now, are we looking for outsiders? Or we have some 
plans in place from that? 
Amit Jain: 
Yes. So, we are like working on -- we are working on mandate and looking for candidate from 
outside though a very strong internal team is in place, but CFO, we are looking from outside, 
and shortlisting will be completed fairly soon, and CFO will be resuming in coming months. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubham Shete from Jefferies Group. Please go ahead. 
Shubham Shete: 
Yes. So, my first question is on margins. Pardon me if this question has been taken before. So, 
I just want to get a sense like what sort of margin profile that we have for domestic versus 
international EPC similar for O&M business? 
Amit Jain: 
Our gross margins for domestic remains between 10% to 11%, and similar margin profile is 
there for international projects. 
Shubham Shete: 
And what sort of EBITDA. 
Amit Jain: 
On O&M margin is around 25%. 
Shubham Shete: 
Okay. On blended, we can expect like 11% to 12% on the overall? 
Amit Jain: 
You can expect 10% to 11% gross margins. 
Shubham Shete: 
Okay. At EBITDA level, what can we expect? 
Amit Jain: 
EBITDA level, I think our -- we are considerably improving our overhead numbers. And 
EBITDA will depend on that. So, we can expect between 7% to 8% EBITDA number going 
forward because heavy rationalization on overheads are going on. And we'll come back with 
exact numbers when the heavy revenue quarters will be there in the next 2 quarters. We'll come 
back with revised estimates on EBITDA numbers from next quarter. 
Shubham Shete: 
Okay. Can we expect this 7% to...? 

 
Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Sandeep Thomas Mathew: Just to clarify, so we've already indicated that overheads have -- most of the rationalizations in 
overheads have been completed. So, like Amit just mentioned, gross margins are 10% to 11% 
in domestic and similar for our international EPC business. For O&M it's 25%. Now overheads, 
what you have seen in Q1 and Q2 on a blended basis, I think, similar numbers are likely to 
continue heading back into the second half. 
 
So, depending upon, obviously, what your top line is, there will be, like I mentioned earlier as 
well, that operational leverage kick in. And therefore, given that your overheads are likely to 
remain at a similar level, higher revenues will lead to higher EBITDA margin as such. 
Shubham Shete: 
So, to what level can this be upshift at? 
Sandeep Thomas Mathew: Sorry? 
Shubham Shete: 
So, to what level can this margin can be pushed to, say, the north of 12%, 13%? 
Sandeep Thomas Mathew: No, no. Gross margins, 10% to 11%. That is what we have indicated. So obviously, EBITDA 
will be lower than that, right, given that you have overheads as well. 
Shubham Shete: 
Okay. And you see sustainability of this EBITDA margins at the level of 7% to 8%? 
Sandeep Thomas Mathew: So, once we reach a steady state in terms of execution, yes, you can expect EBITDA margins to 
stabilize at those levels. So, depending on top line. 
Shubham Shete: 
Okay. So just a question, like why is this like a bit lower than what is there for the other peers, 
which are listed, like say, if I take an example of Waaree Renewables, they have a bit greater 
margins on EBITDA? 
Amit Jain: 
So, I would like to clarify something here because we have our own addressable market, and 
there are projects, which are open in the market come with land and the ROW acquisition risk. 
We are not including that in our addressable market, and we are not executing such projects 
because we see a great risk associated with that. So, so far, we have not picked up those projects, 
and they are not part of our order pipeline. 
 
Typically, the EPC players, which are taking projects with land and another associated ROW 
risk, they get usually higher margin, but it can lead to substantial losses as well. So as a part of 
risk mitigation practices or our risk metrics, we are not accepting or taking those projects. So 
our margins are normal EPC margin based on either BOS or turnkey projects, excluding land. 
So that's where they are. And we are choosing our projects very selectively. So I think we are 
operating at best-in-class margins in the industry. 
Shubham Shete: 
Sure. So, Amit, do you have any hybrid project in your portfolio, solar... 
Amit Jain: 
As of now, no, but we are working on standalone BESS projects, but we are working on multiple 
hybrid projects in India and abroad foreign markets, international markets, which will 
materialize soon. But as of now, we are on working on the largest standalone BESS project in 
India. 

 
Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Shubham Shete: 
And would that give any further expansion to your margins? 
Amit Jain: 
That depends on how the market grows. And usually, the margin level are still 10% to 11% in 
EPC space, but we'll see how the market evolves. But as of now, the gross margins will remain 
10% to 11%. 
Shubham Shete: 
Okay. Just one last question on battery storage business. Like, how is it going? And any plans 
on ramping up? 
Amit Jain: 
So, market is growing. We have seen multiple bids in the last few quarters, and it is going to 
ramp up. As you see on IPP side, also the SECI and all the NTPC, everybody is coming out with 
bids for BESS, standalone BESS or hybrid. So, we see that market growing considerably, and it 
will form a good part of our portfolio in coming quarters. 
Shubham Shete: 
Okay. So, what percentage of revenue can it be by FY '27? 
Amit Jain: 
So, in that -- on that particular part, I will not be able to give you any specific number or revenue 
guidance particular to that. That depends on how many projects are floated and what is our hit 
rate for those particular projects. So, I think as the market evolves next in a quarter or 2, we'll 
give you a better guidance for those particular numbers related to BESS projects. 
Shubham Shete: 
Okay. And we can expect the similar kind of margins for this business. 
Amit Jain: 
Yes, sure. You can expect either similar or better margins for those projects. 
Moderator: 
The last question is from the line of Deepak Rao from Qber Asset Advisor. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Rao: 
Just wanted to get some light on the line item related to exchange differences translating in the 
financial statements. That seems to be there at every quarter and as a percentage of profit and 
revenue, it is high. So, can you throw some light on what it is? Are you controlling it or you 
having hedging strategies, etcetera? 
Sandeep Thomas Mathew: No. So these primarily relate to the projects in the international subsidiaries and effectively, the 
forex differences that arise on account of those projects. There isn't necessarily any requirement 
as such to hedge these. But yes, the forex differences translation that you're seeing is essentially 
on account of the branches and subsidiaries that we have in our international business and the 
projects that they are executing. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Amit Jain for closing comments. 
Amit Jain: 
I would like to thank everybody for joining the call. For any further information, kindly get in 
touch with Mr. Sandeep Thomas Mathew or Strategic Growth Advisors, our Investor Relation 
Advisors. Thank you once again, and have a great day. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
