 
RADICO KHAITAN LIMITED 
Plot No. J-l, Block B-1, Mohan Co-op. Industrial area 
Mathura Road, New Delhi-110044 
Ph: (91-11) 4097 5444/555 Fax: (91-11) 4167 8841-42 
Registered Office: Rampur Distillery, Bareilly Road, Rampur-244901 (UP.) 
Phones: 0595-2350601/2, 2351703 Fax: 0595-2350008 
E-mail: info@radico.co.in, website: www.radicokhaitan.com 
CIN No.: L26941UP1983PLC027278 
 
  
 
 RKL/SX/2024-25/101                                                                                              October 30, 2024 
 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 532497 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip code: RADICO 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
 
Ref:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”)  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letter no. RKL/SX/2024-25/94 dated October 18, 2024 and pursuant to Regulation 
30 of the Listing Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript for Quarter and Half year 
ended September 30, 2024 Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on October 25, 
2024.  
 
The 
transcript 
is 
also 
being 
disseminated 
on 
the 
Company's 
website 
at 
http://www.radicokhaitan.com/investor-relations/   
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
For Radico Khaitan Limited 
 
 
 
Dinesh Kumar Gupta 
Senior VP - Legal & Company Secretary  
Email Id: investor@radico.co.in  
 
Encl: A/a 
 
Dinesh 
Kumar Gupta
Digitally signed by 
Dinesh Kumar Gupta 
Date: 2024.10.30 
15:09:23 +05'30'

P a g e | 0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Radico Khaitan Limited 
  
       (BSE: 532497; NSE: RADICO) 
 
Second Quarter and Half Year FY2025  
Earnings Conference call 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
 
Management Participants: 
 
Mr. Abhishek Khaitan, Managing Director 
Mr. Dilip Banthiya, Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Amar Sinha, Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. Sanjeev Banga, President – International Business 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
1 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Presentation: 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Radico Khaitan 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Dolat Capital. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Himanshu Shah from Dolat 
Capital. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Before we begin our presentation, I would like to remind you that some of 
the statements made in today’s conference call may be forward-looking in 
nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to the last slide 
of our earnings presentation for the detailed disclaimer. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Thank you, Rutuja. Good afternoon, everyone. At this moment, we 
would like to thank the Radico Khaitan Management for providing 
Dolat Capital with the opportunity to host the Q2 FY25 Earnings Call. 
We have with us the senior leadership team from Radico Khaitan, Mr. 
Abhishek Khaitan – Managing Director, Mr. Amar Sinha – Chief 
Operating Officer, Mr. Dilip Banthiya – Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. 
Sanjeev Banga – President (International Business). 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Abhishek Khaitan for his opening 
remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us on our 
Q2 FY25 results conference call. Q2 FY25 marked a significant 
turnaround in our operational performance, highlighting the strength 
of our resilient business model. 
While the consumer sector faced challenges due to a general 
slowdown, inflation concerns and volatile commodity prices, we are 
pleased with our robust performance. We achieved a 12.6% growth in 
the Prestige & Above category, along with a sequential improvement 
in EBITDA margins.  
Innovation remains a cornerstone of Radico’s strategy. To further 
expand our luxury portfolio, we introduced Rampur Indian Single Malt, 

 
 
 
 
 
2 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Barrel Blush. This new expression, initially matured in American 
Bourbon barrel and finished in Australian Shiraz wine cask, is a 
testament to tradition and expert craftmanship. It will be a core 
expression along with Rampur Double Cask and Asava. With an 
international launch in the U.S., U.K. and Europe this year, we have 
plans to bring it to India next year. 
Further extending the Rampur brand, we introduced Rampur 
Jugalbandi 5 and Jugalbandi 6, two new single malts in the Jugalbandi 
series at the Whiskey Show in London, retailing at GBP400 per bottle. 
These limited additions are crafted using high-quality Madera and 
Tokai casks, retaining the classic Rampur Single Malt whiskey profile at 
their core.  
We launched a new campaign for Royal Ranthambore whiskey 
featuring Saif Ali Khan earlier this month. His signature style and 
charisma perfectly aligned with the nobility and glamor that this Royal 
Ranthambore represents. This campaign marks a significant moment 
in our journey to redefine luxury in the Indian spirits market through 
what we proudly call Indi-Lux. 
Taking our packaging innovation further with consumer choice and 
preference at the core, we have recently introduced a trendy and 
convenient pocket pack in 180 ml SKU for Magic Moments. We expect 
this to support the strong brand growth momentum. This packaging is 
not only 100% recyclable, but also more cost effective.  
Regarding the recent development in the state of Andhra Pradesh, I 
would like to state that it is a very progressive government and as 
expected, the new policy is aimed at promoting stability and 
predictability in the regulatory environment. 
Over the last 3 years, we have faced inflationary challenges that 
impacted our margins. However, by focusing on innovation and 
strengthening our premium brands, we have managed to navigate 
these tough times. With input cost pressure easing, we are poised to 
deliver steady profitable growth moving forward.  
I remain optimistic about the growth prospects in the Indian alcobev 
sector. We are progressing well on our strategic road map and are 
confident in delivering results in line with our goals. 

 
 
 
 
 
3 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
I would now like to hand over the call to our CFO for a detailed 
operational and financial review. Thank you, and over to you, Dilip. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Thank you, everyone, for joining us on this call 
today.  
During Q2 FY25, we reported a total IMFL volume of 6.78 million cases, 
representing a degrowth of 2.5% on a year-on-year basis. Prestige & 
Above category volume grew by 12.6%. In value terms, Prestige & 
Above category registered 18% growth. IMFL realization increased by 
9.7% on a year-on-year basis.  
Prestige & Above category account for 53.2% of the IMFL volume 
compared to 47.1% in Q2 of last year. The percentage of P&A is higher 
due to the significant degrowth in regular category. Improvement in 
IMFL realization is due to a combination of price increases and 
continued premiumization. Regular category volumes were impacted 
due to certain state specific industry-related issues and ongoing 
strategic rationalization of our portfolio. 
Gross margin during the quarter was 43.6% compared to 44.1% in Q2 
FY24 and 41% in Q1 of current year. Gross margin was impacted on a 
year-on-year basis due to the significant foodgrain inflation offset by 
premiumization in the IMFL business. EBITDA margin expanded on Y-
o-Y basis by 150 basis points due to economies of scale.  
Gross margin improved 258 basis points on a quarter-on-quarter basis 
due to the ongoing premiumization, stable raw material and packaging 
material scenario. We cautiously monitor the trend of grain and ENA, 
where volatility persists and expect the trend to improve from Q3 of 
current year. 
Increase in net debt over March ‘24 is primarily due to the cyclical 
buildup of the inventory and higher receivables in certain states.  
Going forward, our focus will be on improving profitability along with 
cash flow generation and a more efficient working capital 
management resulting into debt reduction. 
With this, we now open the line for Q&A. Thank you. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
4 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Question & Answer: 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from 
Investec. Please go ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: 
I just had a few questions. First one is on the Royalty Brands. We have 
seen a little bit of dip on the volumes in the Royalty Brand. Just wanted 
to know whether it’s because the Andhra policy is just coming in place 
and there would have been some lower primaries on account of that 
or anything else to kind of read into that? 
Amar Sinha: 
Yes. So, it’s primarily because of that and nothing beyond that. 
Harit Kapoor: 
And given, as you mentioned, it’s an extremely progressive policy. I just 
wanted to get your thought process on how you kind of plan to take 
advantage of it. It’s also fairly material in the popular market as well. 
So, is the mode of being in the state going to be similar to what it has 
been over the last few years or is there a thought process of rethinking 
that? 
Amar Sinha: 
So, as far as AP is concerned, we have always maintained that the new 
government is very progressive in its outlook to alcobev space. The 
biggest advantage that comes to us is that now our cash flows will 
improve because earlier, we were getting our payments only when 
tertiaries, which means sales from retail used to happen. Now we will 
receive payments as soon as the government depots invoice to the 
retail outlets. So, that’s one, faster cash flow turnaround. 
Second. I think because the retail is private, there will be free choice 
available to consumers for premium brands. And AP is seeing a lot of 
traction in that area now, because of surrounding states. Plus, they are 
rationalizing the prices also in the times ahead, because they’ve set up 
a pricing committee. So, I think, in overall, if you see, Andhra is going 
to be the sunshine market for this space in the times ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: 
And your mode of operating there, is there a thought process there 
yet or is this kind of wait and watch on that? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See, right now, in Andhra Pradesh, we have been operating on Royalty. 
And we are assessing the situation. So, starting from Q4 we might get 
away from Royalty and get into our own brands. 

 
 
 
 
 
5 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Harit Kapoor: 
The second part was on profitability. So, we have seen a very strong 
improvement in the gross margin sequentially. I just wanted to get 
your sense on the cost environment currently. I mean, mix continues 
to improve materially. Your non-IMFL business kind of is in the base 
now from Q3 onwards as well. And cost inflation is manageable in my 
understanding. So, is this likely to be an expanding kind of gross 
margin trajectory going forward? Do we continue to see gradual 
sequential improvement on GM? Is that something we should expect? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, Harit, you are absolutely right that quarter-on-quarter, we have 
improved on our gross margin by 250 basis points and the reason is 
that, one, the premiumization is ongoing for us and the premium 
brands and semi-luxury brands are taking spread across pan-India. 
The product mix has improved. The Luxury segment and Semi-Luxury 
segment is doing very well. It is more than double digit now on top line 
side. This quarter the export also has done well on the Luxury segment 
of the market. And the raw material and packing material scenario 
being benign, so we have improved because of various factors, so that 
has reflected in the gross margin. And I think yes, the margin 
improvement trajectory will continue. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vishal Gutka from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Congrats on excellent set of numbers. Before I question, I would like 
to extend season greetings. Wishing you all Happy Diwali in advance.  
Two, three questions from my side. Sir, how do you view Karnataka 
market post the recent changes in the excise duty slab because one of 
your competitors highlighted that despite reduction in the excise duty, 
still, the taxes are much higher than the neighboring states. 
Second question is on the brand, specifically, you launched, I think, 5, 
6 brands over a period of last 18, 24 months. Just wanted to check with 
you, how would you ensure that you put equal focus on each brand? 
Do we have a setup similar to an FMCG company where a brand 
manager is appointed, and equal focus is given out over there? 
And the third question is on Luxury and Semi-luxury, although you 
highlighted that you are seeing a substantial uptick. Given the malt 
facilities are coming online now and festive season is approaching, 
then 3Q, 4Q, we should see a very, very sharp jump in the revenue 
segment for the subsegments? That’s it from my side. 

 
 
 
 
 
6 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Amar Sinha: 
Okay. So, to answer your first question. In our scheme of things, we 
see Karnataka totally differently. You see, for many years, the taxes in 
Karnataka have been high and the consumer price, which is the MRP 
has been the highest over the country. Now a beginning has been 
made with comfort being given on the premium end of the prices. And 
we have, as a company, started seeing results. Our volume and 
margins are showing an increase. So, that’s one. As far as Karnataka is 
concerned, we are banking on it in the times ahead for premium 
brands. 
Now, let me tell you, it is true that Radico has been championing the 
launch of Premium brands in this country, because our moto is very 
simple, to make India proud. And I think today, we are in that position 
that we can take on any international brand, which we have shown 
from our track record. Now with a vast portfolio that we have made, 
every brand has an exclusive, committed brand marketing manager. 
So, as we are giving due attention to each of these brands, separate 
strategies are being made, separate review forums have been created. 
And that is why you will see an uptick on the Premium & Above brand 
sales, both in terms of volume and value. 
As far as the festivities are concerned, I think, starting October to 
March end, I think it’s a great time for Premium brands, because 
there’s a lot of traction, people are moving up, and that’s why you see 
sales of Premium brands going up as well. So, we see that these brands 
are going to bring us a lot more joy, because we started the game, and 
the future looks bright. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Sir, last question on Telangana market. So, I think the dues were 
pending from the state government. So, how are things moving now? 
If you can broadly highlight on Telangana market, what is happening 
out over there? 
Amar Sinha: 
So, the point is that it’s still not as good as the other states. But yes, we 
have been receiving payments for the last 2 months. And I think the 
situation will improve further ecause they have also realized that they 
need to compete with Andhra, and they will be able to do so, only if 
they get stocks and push them.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Darshika Khemka from AV 
Fincorp. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
7 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Darshika Khemka: 
I have a couple of questions. Firstly, in the opening remarks, you 
mentioned that in the Regular & Below category, the volumes were 
affected due to certain specific states. Can you give us more details on 
this? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Yes. So, I’ll say that a couple of states like the Karnataka increased the 
price of the Regular category, which has led to more than 40% 
reduction in the volume in the industry and we also suffered there. 
One or two more states have increased prices like Uttarakhand. UP 
has been impacted due to quota. So, in this quarter, the quota 
remained a little lower and because of that the volumes suffered. At 
the same time, Andhra Pradesh, which was in election mode and now 
because of the pipeline getting, inventory getting cleared, because of 
that the sales were low. But now onwards, you will see in Regular 
category also, we will see that continued demand, and we will have a 
mid-single-digit kind of growth from here onwards. 
Amar Sinha: 
So, as far as regular segment is concerned, just to add to what Dilip 
said, we have rationalized volumes even in Kerala. As a company goal 
that we have, we moderate our policies of sales depending upon the 
contribution in the prevailing time, depending upon raw material and 
packaging material costs. So, right now, wherever we are selling 
regular brands, it’s only there where we make little money. Otherwise, 
we don’t. 
Darshika Khemka: 
That was really helpful, sir. Secondly, could you give us some details 
on the kind of volumes that you’re currently doing in the Luxury and 
Semi-luxury category of products? And what is the average realization 
like for the company? So, the reason why I ask this question is that we 
don’t make significant volumes in this category right now. But as the 
volumes increase, our EBITDA margins could also increase. So, what 
I’m trying to hint is, once you’re making substantial volumes, our 
margins could substantially increase, right? So, considering this 
scenario, what could be our target EBITDA margin? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, on the Luxury side and Semi-luxury side, we’re seeing a very strong 
traction. And in the first half itself, [the growth] is more than 25% to 
28% on the top line side. At the same time, the premiumization is 
happening, and we will continue to grow our P&A category volume by 
15%-plus in next 2 quarters also and in 1 to 2 years further. So, we are 
very confident about it, and that will reflect into the EBITDA margins. 

 
 
 
 
 
8 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
And as we said that we will continue to improve our EBITDA margin 
quarter-after-quarter. 
Darshika Khemka: 
Do we have any targets? Could you quantify a target for us? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
As we have been guiding in earlier calls also that we will improve our 
margin every year by 150 basis points or so. So, over the last year, we 
will be doing much better than that. And thereafter, also for the next 3 
years, we will continue to improve our margin by 100 to 125 basis and 
that’s how we will reach to the late teens margin in 3 years’ time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amansingh from ProfitGate 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amansingh: 
Congrats on good set of numbers. So, the growth in P&A segment has 
been good for the company. So, can you break down the growth 
maybe which states are experiencing good growth and which brands 
are experiencing better traction in the segment? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Out of all our brands, in the P&A category, we are seeing good growth 
in our Vodka segment, that is Magic Moments Vodka. Then we are 
seeing a lot of growth in Royal Ranthambore which is in the Semi-
luxury space. We’re seeing a lot of traction in After Dark Premium 
Whiskey. The Luxury segment is also growing. So, overall, all the 
brands are doing well in the P&A category. And it is doing well across 
states like UP, it is doing well, in West, it is doing well. Actually, the 
growth in P&A is broad-based. 
Amansingh: 
So, there is no specific geographies, which is doing well for the P&A 
segment? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, across North, West, South, everywhere.  
Abhishek Khaitan: 
And also, what we are seeing the White Spirit category is growing 
extremely fast, since it is only 4% of the market and globally, it is 28%. 
Earlier the vodka was 3%, which has come up to 4%. So, there, we are 
seeing a huge traction. 
Amansingh: 
Also, is there any competitive intensity increase in the industry, maybe 
in P&A segment from the local players also and from the international 
players also which are being brought in by the domestic players with 
partnerships or distribution network? So, is there any increase in 
competitive intensity? 

 
 
 
 
 
9 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
I think, the competition intensity for the last 5, 7 years has been quite 
high. So, I think, it’s the same. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. 
Please go ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: 
So, last 6 months, again, a lot of super premium launches, a lot of 
variant launches in Magic also have been done in the last 12 months. 
Obviously, you’re investing again behind Royal Ranthambore as well 
rightfully so. Just wanted to know, in the run-up to the festive, which is 
there now, is that broadly what the launch pipeline should look like for 
the balance part of the year? I mean, have you seen most of it given 
that we are almost into the festive or second half should also have 
something in store as well? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See, there is one brand which is in store, we are working on it, which is 
in the super premium segment. So, hopefully, maybe this fiscal year, 
you should see it or maybe beginning of next fiscal year, for sure. 
Harit Kapoor: 
And just a clarification, I think, Dilip ji mentioned that the popular 
business, I think, should start to see some level of growth from now. Is 
that largely on account of the fact that some of the state-led 
disruptions as even one of the larger player was talking about, is now 
largely done with and maybe apart from maybe one state here and 
there, your state level disruptions are not there? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Absolutely, you’re right. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vishal Gutka from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Gutka: 
I just wanted to check on ENA. So, one of the peers has highlighted that 
they expect ENA inflation to be around 11%, 12%, given that 
government’s mandate of blending ethanol has been increasing. 
Although we understand you have a backward integrated facility and 
commodity costs, especially the rice cost is expected to come out with 
excess production, so how are you viewing, because the competitor 
has highlighted that they expect the inflation sustained. I just wanted 
your views on ENA and followed by glass, because we are seeing some 
deflationary trend. So, that should hold on at the current level or 
should further accelerate from here onwards? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, as far as the commodity is concerned, we don’t actually see this 
10%, 11% kind of inflation from here onward. One, there is a good 

 
 
 
 
 
10 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
monsoon and crop yields are very good. However, there has been an 
aggressive bidding on the ethanol side. So, the prices have already 
moved up in the non-season period. As the season is starting from 
November onwards, we should see some softening of the prices of 
grain, maize, rice, et cetera. At the same time, the government has built 
up a lot of buffer stocks. Even the buffer stock, they don’t have space 
to keep, store and all that. And the new rice miller processing is 
starting. So, we can’t say, but if there is any support to the ethanol 
producer from some allocation on the SCI side, that will further 
improve pricing. So, this is our take that we see a benign kind of 
environment on the ENA as well as the grain price. As far as the glass 
is concerned, we have seen the worst. One correction has taken place, 
which is 4% to 5%. And I think, looking into the current scenario of the 
commodity and fuel prices, et cetera, and all that, we don’t see that 
there is a room for further increase in glass prices even. 
Amar Sinha: 
Yes. It looks like it will remain stable. 
Vishal Gutka: 
One more question on the Magic Moments Vodka front. I think, in 1Q 
‘25, we had seen 25%-plus volume growth in Magic Moments Vodka, if 
I recollect the numbers right. How is the performance for the current 
quarter? Is it similar to those lines or if you can broadly highlight for 
the specific brand? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
The Magic has been going very well. As a Magic family, we are growing 
in every segment, like in Magic, the flavors, the Verve flavors, et cetera. 
And Magic we see as Abhishek has said in his opening remarks that 
still nascent, it’s still below 4% as the volume of the total industry. And 
the consuming class is the youngsters and the women. And we are the 
leader with 60% market share across all price categories. So, I think we 
see a great growth, and we continue to see strong double-digit growth 
in years to come. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, thank you for joining us on this call. We will continue to deliver a 
strong Prestige & Above volume growth driven by our diverse brand 
portfolio. Secondly, we will further develop our Luxury brand portfolio, 
which will be a major contributor to our profitability. Furthermore, we 
are focused on ensuring that our investment operates as efficient as 

 
 
 
 
 
11 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2025 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
possible. This will enable us to generate cash, repay debt and return 
cash to the shareholders.  
We look forward to interacting with you on our next earnings call. In 
the meanwhile, if you have any query, please feel free to write to us. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Dolat Capital, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability.  
For more information, please contact:  
Saket Somani 
Senior Vice President – Finance & Strategy 
somanis@radico.co.in | +91 11 4097 5403 
