 
 
 
 
 
November 5, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF EARNING CONFERENCE CALL – QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 
2024. 
 
In furtherance of our letter dated October 18, 2024, regarding intimation of earnings conference call, 
the transcript of Q2FY2025 earning conference call held on October 30,2024, is enclosed and same 
has been uploaded on the website of the Company at www.tdps.co.in. 
  
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Bharat Rajwani 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
 
 
The Corporate Service  
Department                           
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, Dalal Street  
Mumbai - 400 001  
Scrip Code: 533553              
The Listing Department                                         
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East)  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: TDPOWERSYS                                       
TD Power Systems Limited 
(CIN -L31103KA1999PLC025071) 
REGISTERED OFFICE & FACTORY:  
27, 28 and 29, KIADB Industrial Area  
Dabaspet, Nelamangala Taluk  
Bengaluru Rural District 
Bengaluru – 562 111 India 
Tel     +91 80 229 95700 / 6633 7700 
Fax    +91 80 7734439 / 2299 5718 
Mail     tdps@tdps.co.in 
www.tdps.co.in 
BHARAT 
RAJWANI
Digitally signed by 
BHARAT RAJWANI 
Date: 2024.11.05 
10:04:31 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
“TD Power Systems Ltd. Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange 
on 30th October 2024 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NIKHIL KUMAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR, TD 
POWER SYSTEMS LIMITED 
MR. VINAY HEGDE – TD POWER SYSTEMS LIMITED 
MS. M.N. VARALAKSHMI – TD POWER SYSTEMS 
LIMITED 
 
 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 23 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to the TD Power Systems 
Limited Q2 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as of the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of 
future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to 
predict. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the call, please signal an operator by 
pressing "*" then "0" on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nikhil Kumar – Managing Director for 
TD Power Systems Limited. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us today on our Earnings Call. 
I trust all of you would have received our “Results” and “Investor 
Presentation.” 
I would now like to discuss with you the TDPS's Financial Performance for 
Six Months ended September 30th, 2024. We've had an exceptional half year 
with the highest ever revenue, highest EBITDA margins, highest ever PAT and 
highest ever order inflow. 
On a consol basis, our total income was Rs. 5.89 billion versus Rs. 5 billion, 
an increase of 18%. Profit after tax and other comprehensive income for six 
months is Rs. 764 million versus Rs. 584 million, an increase of 31%. We 
continue to maintain a strong cash position of Rs. 2.35 billion. 
Our total income on a standalone basis for H1 was Rs. 5.77 billion versus Rs. 
4.94 billion over the same period the previous year, an increase of 17%. 
EBITDA for six months is 18.41% versus 17.44% previous period, including 
other operational income but excluding exceptional and treasury income. Profit 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 23 
after tax and comprehensive income for the six months is Rs. 720 million 
versus the profit of Rs. 600 million over the same period in the previous year, 
an increase of 20%. 
“Order Book”: The order book for manufacturing segment is Rs. 12.34 billion, 
regular manufacturing business is Rs. 8.33 billion, Rs. 3.7 billion in the railway 
business, spares and aftermarket is Rs. 0.14 billion and Rs. 0.17 billion in the 
Turkey business. Export and deemed export constitutes about 71% of the order 
book excluding the railways. 
“Order Inflow”: The order inflow for the quarter is INR 3.6 billion. This is the 
highest ever order booking in the history of the company. Order inflow has 
increased 41% on a Q2 to Q2 comparison basis and 33% over H1-to-H1 
comparison basis. The H1 order inflow total for the current year is INR 6.58 
billion versus the previous year INR 4.93 billion. Strong order inflow 
momentum continues to drive our top line. 
Now, I will talk about the “Order Book Market Situation and Guidance.” The 
order inflow continues to be very strong from export in our generator and motor 
businesses. We expect the order inflow in Q3 to exceed the number in Q2, 
leading to a new record order book for the company. 
We are pleased to revise our top-line guidance for this financial year from INR 
1,200 crores to INR 1,250-1,275 crores which will result in an overall growth 
of 25% to 27.5% compared to the previous year. Margins will grow faster than 
sales due to operational leverage. Margin growth will be around 2% to 3% 
more than the sales growth. 
“Market Scenario.” The domestic market has been flat in terms of order inflow 
from a Q2 to Q2 basis. This has reversed the shrinkage that has taken place in 
Q1. Effectively, if you look at H1-to-H1, the drop in the domestic order inflow 
can be attributed solely to Q1. 
Steel and cement are still ordering large power plants up to sizes of around 100 
MW, and we expect the market to be driven by these two sectors. Ethanol, 
sugar, chemical is showing no growth, but there's still a base level demand. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 23 
Overall, we are factoring 3% to 4% growth on domestic market for the next 
year, that is FY'26. We are expecting new tenders, four railways and we are 
certain to see two large tenders in the upcoming months. However, business 
for these railways tenders will be realized only in FY'27. 
“International Market.” We have extremely strong growth in the order book in 
export businesses from gas turbines, gas engines and motors. Order inflow 
from direct and deemed exports for the first half is INR 4.78 billion compared 
to INR 2.36 billion in the previous year, which is more than double. Exports 
and deemed exports order inflow is 73% of the total order inflow. 
This shows the overall strength of the company in all geographies all over the 
world, presence in multiple sectors like gas, hydro, traction, clean energy, like 
biomass, heat recovery, etc., More importantly, we are cutting deeper into the 
market and winning greater market share due to greater acceptance of our 
products. 
And coming to the “Specifics,” we are seeing a big increase in business in gas 
engines and gas turbine generators. There's a huge growth taking place in 
fracking, data centers, AI server farms, grid stabilization and to a smaller 
extent, the demand coming from Ukraine. Due to this overall demand, we are 
seeing a huge increase in orders, and we are completely booked out for this 
financial year. 
Our factory is running seven days a week, three full shifts and we are 
completely full and customers have asked us to be ready for further growth 
next year and we have had detailed discussions with them on allocation of 
capacity and load plans. 
Geothermal plants is another area of huge growth potential. We have received 
an order this year for 3x43 MW for a large geothermal power plant in the US 
for phase-I. Now, the same company is in the market for 1,000 MW in phase-
II. We have signed PPAs with major IT companies and have indicated a 1,000 
MW a year demand. Since we are in the pilot project, we do have a good chance 
to win these orders in the future. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 23 
“Traction.” As announced, TDPS has signed a five-year contract for the supply 
of traction motors to a major international company. There's another such 
contract under negotiation in which TDPS is very well placed and we hope to 
announce this order early by the end of this quarter, Q3 or definitely in Q4. 
“Hydro.” The order inflow continues to be strong. All hydro orders are export. 
In general, the export business is a key driver for our growth for generators 
with big orders coming in from gas, hydro and traction. In the US, the demand 
is due to an increase of consumption of electricity and Europe is due to the 
change in energy mix, leading to more demand for gas engines, gas turbine and 
hydro generators. 
In the motor business, we are on track to achieve the numbers that we have 
indicated earlier. We have a plan of INR 80 crores this year and INR 160 crores 
next year. Once again, the markets are mainly exports and we see a big pipeline 
of orders from the Middle East and India. 
TDPS also has won a small order for supply of motors to Indian Railways for 
the last stage of qualification. We expect full qualification sometime next year 
and ramp up of volumes in FY'27. 
“Turkey.” We are going to receive some large orders from Turkey after a long 
pause in the market. All generators are to be delivered next year. We will keep 
the market informed. However, it is certain that the Turkish plant will deliver 
good numbers in next financial year. 
In conclusion, we are poised for another round of growth. We have exciting 
opportunities in front of us and we are gearing up to meet the demand with our 
new and existing factories. We have just a small fraction of the overall world 
market share and the growth potential is huge. On top of this, we are still bullish 
in the domestic market, and we strongly believe that we have strong growth 
coming after a short pause. India is still a power deficit country, and the macro 
situation of power has not changed. All large industry needs captive power 
plants. When the domestic market booms again, our new capacities will fill up 
very quickly. We are not refusing any order that comes our way, and we will 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 23 
exceed the guidance that we have given for FY'25 as well as FY'26. This brings 
me to the end of my initial remarks. I will now be happy to address any 
questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
Mahesh Bendre from LIC Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sir, you spoke about the demand from international markets given the gas and 
projects that are coming up. So, is it possible to just quantify it in terms of what 
kind of opportunity we see over the next three years? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
It would be difficult for us to give you such a large long-term view guidance 
on the market, Mahesh. What we are seeing is that we are seeing the expansion 
of the business taking place in the gas turbine and gas engine business and our 
OEMs have asked us to ramp up the capacities based on the next year's demand, 
which is significantly higher than which we are going to be doing this year, 
and they are also projecting that something for '26. So, I think we will not be 
able to give you exact numbers right now, but definitely it's - 
Mahesh Bendre: 
No, no, sir, I was not looking for the number or guidance. I was just asking if 
we like the last five years compared to that, over the next three years, how 
many power plants might be coming up in Europe or any capacity addition you 
see in terms of captive power plants that are going to come up in international 
market? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I don't have that number of power plants, Mahesh. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
But that will be a substantial number, sir?. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes, it's a substantial number because it's being reflected in our growth. So, 
what we are seeing from our OEMs is that we are seeing one is that we are 
moving towards the core of their businesses, earlier, we could have been a little 
bit more on the fringe side, now we are moving completely to the core of their 
business. So, we are really getting into projects where earlier we may not have 
got the customer approval or our name may not have been on the approved 
vendor list, now we are getting more and more acceptance, and we are cutting 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 23 
deeper into the market. One part is that we are seeing that we are getting more 
into the core of the business. Second is that there's also a big increase in the 
demand from the OEM side. So, both these factors are driving the big volume 
growth that we are seeing for our business. I can't give you an exact number of 
how many power plants. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Ganeshram Rajagopalan from Unifi Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
G Rajagopalan: 
I just had a few bookkeeping questions. The first one is on the other operational 
income. So, what sort of driving the growth, if you could just explain where 
that Rs. 3 crores of income is coming from? And then the second one is just on 
the new plant, right. When it does get commissioned sometime next year, what 
sort of impact should we assume on margins like will we have to hire a 
completely new workforce for that plant, if you could walk us through what 
you're thinking in terms of commissioning that new capacity? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
The first question will be answered by Varalakshmi. I will answer the second 
question. 
M.N. Varalakshmi: 
The other operational income includes the foreign exchange gains for the 
forward bookings that we have done, mainly that amount. 
G Rajagopalan: 
And to what extent would that deal? 
M.N. Varalakshmi: 
Almost fully. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Coming to the second plant, the second plant will be operational in stages. So, 
we will start ramping up the capacity in stages. We have three big buildings 
and once the first building is ready, we will commission that. Second, third, we 
will have to hire new people, but the hiring process will start in Q4 itself 
because they will have to be trained. So, we will start training them in our 
existing plants and then once the new plants are ready, they'll be shifted over 
there. Of course, there's some experienced people also will be shifted over 
there. So, there's going to be a mix of new people and experienced people in 
the new factory. There could be a temporary increase in cost, but since many 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 23 
people are coming in at entry level trainees, the impact may not be so high in 
relation to the increase in the top line. We will give more detailed numbers 
about this during the February earnings call. But as I said, because the people 
are coming in at entry level positions, the impact may not be so large. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Jainam Jain from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jainam Jain: 
The question I had is what would be the top line, bottom line and CAPEX 
guidance for FY'25 and '26? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes, FY'25, we have given a top line guidance of INR 1,250 to 1,275 crores. 
We have done INR 76 crores net profit in H1. But we have done something 
like only 46%, 47% of the total sales. So, with 53% of the sales taking place, 
52% of sales taking place in H2, we will see more margin coming in, in H2 
compared to INR 76 crores what we did in H1. And the CAPEX that we will 
spend this year would be INR 80 crores. 
Jainam Jain: 
And FY'26? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
FY'26, we have not yet given the initial guidance. We will give the guidance 
in February, but tentatively in earlier calls we have given 17% to 18% top line 
growth as being the compounded growth. I think we will definitely exceed that. 
So, we will give you firm guidance in the February quarter, but it's definitely 
going to be higher than what we have earlier guided. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Himanshu Upadhyay from BugleRock PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: My first question was what is the increase in labor wages, and have we settled 
with labor union, and for how many years that settlement has happened? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, we have not settled this matter with the labor unions, Himanshu. The 
matter has been referred to the labor court. And these things take a lot of time 
once it goes to the courts. So, it could take a year maybe or more to settle this 
issue. And regarding the increase in the labor cost, I will just ask Varalakshmi 
to talk. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 23 
M.N. Varalakshmi: 
Yes, we have made a provision for 8% increase, which we have offered to them 
initially. So, that has been taken care in the wage cost. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: One thing, in this Turkey where we talked that good growth is possible in next 
financial year ahead. If I look at the order book is that INR 17.4 crores and last 
quarter it was INR 16.6 crores. So, are we expecting new orders win there and 
hence good growth in future years? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes, we are negotiating, and these are going to be coming in Q3 or definitely 
early Q4, but they are sure. We have completed the negotiation. We are only 
waiting for the documentation to come through before we can announce the 
orders for the market, but it will come for next year. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Is the product segment remains the same what we were earlier making in 
Turkey, or the product segment itself is new? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
These will be generally primarily geothermal generators and there will be a 
few hydro projects. I can say it could be to the tune of € 3 to € 4 million for 
next year. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: We have seen gross margins improvement to 36% and the highest EBITDA 
margins. Can you give some idea on what is leading to this improvement -- are 
we seeing raw material price change or the product mix change itself is also 
happening or what could be the drivers? And how sustainable are these 
numbers and what would be our future expectations on gross margins, if you 
can think if you can give some idea? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
We always give a guidance of around 33% to be the gross margins and we do 
better than that. So, we are still going to say that. That is you can take 33%, 
34% as being the gross margins and the company will try to do better than that. 
This has been driven by product mix, this has been driven by more export 
orders, larger machines and also we are getting better prices because the factory 
is also full. So, we are able to negotiate better prices and overall this is leading 
to a better, better gross contribution. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Deepesh Agarwal from UTI AMC. Please go ahead. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 23 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
One question I have is on the traction motors. I think last week you put up press 
release on the order win on export side injection motor. Can you help us 
understand how is the scale up expected and is it with the existing customer 
only? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, this is not with the existing customer, this is a new customer. It's a large 
multinational company, it's a large power company based out of CIS region. 
We need to deliver the first set of motors. We have mentioned INR 18 crores 
as the first trial order in April or May next year, and then they'll be sent for 
qualification and then we'll ramp up to start somewhere around Q2 or even Q3 
next year and we are looking at something like INR 60-70 crores per year 
business for around five years. We should see some numbers coming in. 
Definitely maybe INR 18 crores first we have the order on hand for next year, 
maybe another INR 20 crores will come for FY'26 and then FY'27 onwards, 
INR 60 crores per year will come. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
And are we looking at a similar such opportunity in international market? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. So, I have mentioned in the earnings call speeches, there's one more 
opportunity that we are very close to announcing. Of course, the contract 
signing may not happen this quarter, but it will happen next quarter, and that 
is with an existing customer and this is again for the export market. This is 
taking a little bit more time because we are negotiating with multiple entities 
across the world, and it's not always possible to get the right time, and the 
negotiations are taking a little bit longer for the contract, but we are the chosen 
party. But until the contract is signed, we really can't announce it. We hope that 
we should be able to do this. Target is to finish this quarter before the Christmas 
holidays. If we don't do it, then I think it will be done in Jan. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
I think you were also positive on the domestic traction motor ordering. 
Anything happening out there now? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes, so we have heard from very reliable sources that the current factory where 
our customer is currently building the 12,000 horsepower locomotive, is also 
26% owned by the Government of India by Indian Railways. They have to do 
something to that facility after FY'28. So, we have got very reliable information 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 23 
that there are two more tenders coming up for freight locomotives and we 
should be hearing about this I think in the next month or so. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
In the remarks, you also mentioned 43 MW of geothermal order now you are 
executing and there is a possibility of 1,000 MW geothermal order is also in 
the market. I want to understand how is our capability to cater to such large 
orders of say 1,000 MW? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
There will be multiple units leading to a total of 1,000 MW. So, it will be 
multiple units of 40 MW or multiple units of 80 MW. It will be either 80 into 
12 or it will be 40 into 24. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
And usually the realization in geothermal would be comparable to your hydro 
business? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, we make much better margins in geothermal. It's a very special machine. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Would it be possible for you to quantify roughly per MW kind of a thumb 
rule?? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, because it's too it's too customer-specific and it's confidential information 
for the company, so we don't want to give this number out. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Khush Nahar from Electrum Portfolio Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Khush Nahar: 
I have one question. The new plant that we are planning to establish, what 
would be the revenue potential at peak utilization from this plant? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
We are putting in an investment of about INR 120 crores and the investment 
ratio is 1:3.5. So, we should get another around INR 400 crores of turnover 
from this plant. 
Khush Nahar: 
Sir, any guidance over the next 3-4 years what kind of growth you're targeting 
assuming towards 20% EBITDA margins, what type of top line growth? 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 23 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Earlier, we have given conservative guidance of around 17% to 18% top line 
growth, but we are definitely in a situation where we are going to revise that, 
because this year itself we have already given a revised guidance of 25% to 
27.5% and we will give a revised guidance for next year. So, I have already 
said it will be better than 17%, 18%. But the shift to higher guidance for a little 
bit longer period, I will do that when we talk in February. We do want to give 
a fairly accurate picture of where we are in the market, obviously, the numbers 
are much better, the company is doing a lot better, we are in a better position 
worldwide for getting better orders, obviously, we would like to communicate 
this to you. It's going in that direction very positively is all I can say. Exact 
numbers or more accurate numbers will be given when we talk next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Manoj Dua from Geometric. Please go ahead. 
Manoj Dua: 
My question is on Turkey. The potential was there in Turkey in the past itself, 
but there were some problems due to some reason this quarter was not coming, 
and we have to stop it down. What are the fundamental changes has happened 
in an overall market in Turkey or is it the customer-specific order that it went? 
So, I want to understand what change has happened in the Turkey market. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
The Turkish market is a power deficit country. So, there is a requirement for 
more power plants. It's also one of the largest geothermal markets in the world 
because they have a lot of sites where geothermal power plants can be set up. 
They have those reservoirs. It's a gift of nature. They could not put up those 
power plants, mainly because they had very high inflation in the country and 
they had very highly depreciating currency. So, when they had to borrow in 
euros or dollars to put up these power plants and get paid for the electricity in 
Turkish Lira, the depreciation of the currency was so rapid and so large that it 
was not financially feasible for them to repay any debt which was in euros or 
dollars. That situation is now changing because inflation is stabilized, and the 
currency is stabilized to some extent. So, the market is reviving once again. 
Manoj Dua: 
What is the size of the order and is it from one customer or more customers? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, these are multiple customers, and I have given an indication that initially 
we are looking at something like € 3 to € 4 million next year top line. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 23 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Kiran from Table Tree Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kiran: 
I have two questions, one strategic, one operational. So, the strategy question, 
Nikhil, is I mean I am getting a sense of Déjà vu being an investor for a longer 
period of time. In 2011-12 we put up a new capacity of 50 to 200 MW and then 
the cycle kind of peaked out, right. So, in this scenario, I hope it doesn't. But 
in terms of your conversations, again, I am not looking for any number per se, 
but more on a strategy perspective. In your conversations with your clients, 
OEMs and other customers, we've gone from single product, single geography, 
single segment in the last 12, 13 years to multi-product, multi-segment, multi-
geography kind of a company which is fantastic, right. Because we are putting 
up the new capex, so if you can just tell me, are you seeing a sense of peaking 
out in the next year or so in terms of orders and in terms of the cycle kind of 
peaking out or the client that you're talking to, are basically saying that this is 
going to continue for three to five years, numbers, just on the conversation 
basis? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
This is a good question. I think that this is something that obviously we asked 
this question 100 times within our factory before we put up new capacities 
because we have been influenced by the past. But you're right. But one thing 
is we are a multi-product company, multi-geographies, multi-verticals and we 
are working with different OEMs across the world. So, what we see is that 
especially in the gas turbine, gas engine business is that this is more of a 
structural kind of demand which is coming driven by artificial intelligence data 
farms where different kinds of numbers have been thrown around, but 
wherever you read, wherever you see, talk about demand for electricity from 
this sector alone, we come across huge numbers like 200 to 400 to 500 GW of 
power required just for this segment. And this cannot be met by large, let's say, 
gas turbine power plants in the region of say 200 to 400 MW because there are 
only a few companies making them, they are all booked out for the next three 
to four years. The large part of this demand is going to come, be met by the 
smaller sizes between 20 and 50 MW, and that's what we see, that's what our 
customers are also saying, our customers, meaning our OEM customers. So, 
we feel that this cycle in this particular segment itself is going to be a big driver 
for growth. Then, of course, there is oil and gas, there’s fracking. The 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 23 
replacement for Russian gas is still a continuing issue in Europe. So, America 
is going to be a major supplier to Europe for gas. So, there's going to be more 
exploration taking place. That is also driving demand for these smaller sized 
gas units. Then there is the grid stabilization units. So, these are the structural 
demand is coming from these things. We believe that this is not the peak, this 
is actually probably the start or middle of a cycle where we are seeing this 
demand playing out for many, many years going forward. On top of that, the 
renewable push, hydro, is always going to be there and the domestic market 
while today it could be a little bit subdued, I don't think by any standard it has 
gone. Probably there is some backlog from the elections that took place earlier 
this year, but the market is strong, it's going to come back, India is a big 
economy, we plan to double our GDP in the next five to seven years. So, we 
are going to need electricity. And this demand for electricity in India is going 
to continue for some more time. Then we have a motor business where we are 
just starting to grow and it's a much larger business compared to much larger 
business compared to the generator business. So, we have a lot of scope to 
grow over there. I believe that we are in the very unique situation where we 
have multiple areas to grow, and I think that we have multiple areas to keep 
sustainable growth for a longer period of time. By no standard I believe that 
we are in the middle of a bubble. 
Kiran: 
A question, Nikhil, then is, because when you talk of data centers, you guys 
keeps talking about nuclear, you guys keeps talking about solar, using winds. 
Are these opportunities or all these variations like especially nuclear, is it a 
variation of a steam turbine for us, how it translates to us? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Whatever people are talking about nuclear, right, so yes, there's an order being 
given for nuclear 500 MW. That's what we know. And that's going to be 
delivered somewhere around '28, '29, '30. It's far away. The technology has not 
yet been established. What's really happening is if you see that there's such a 
huge demand for electricity, we are talking about, as I said, 300, 400 GW of 
power that these large companies who are driving this demand, they are trying 
everything. They said, they are signing PPA with geothermal. This big 
geothermal opportunity I talked about. The PPAs are being signed by guys like 
Google, Microsoft, Meta and so on and so forth. So, they are putting their 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 23 
fingers in geothermal. They are putting their fingers in small nuclear there. But 
today their requirement is being met by gas. And so they are talking about 
changing the mix in the future. But these technologies and scaling up to the 
level that they want is going to take some time. They want everything to be 
done in the next five years or seven years, right? So, I don't see things like 
small nuclear and everything really affecting the medium-term demand from 
our point of view even if it does become a success and I hope it does become 
a success, because they are talking about unit sizes of 75 to 80 MW. TDPS can 
make these generators. So, if this technology does become widespread, that 
small nuclear becomes a commercially viable thing. Then it's a huge new sector 
of demand for TDPS because we are right there in this 80 MW range and we 
will deliver those machines then for the next, I don't know, 20 years. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Rahil Shah, who's an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahil Shah: 
My question is regarding while the EBITDA for the first half is impressive, the 
cash flow from operation have been weaker due to increase in inventories and 
receivables. Can you please explain why the inventories are so high? Also, 
whether inventory is largely in raw material or in finished goods? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
The ramp up in production is taking place. We are ramping up our production 
to a very high level. So, we had to secure the raw materials because the factory 
is running so full that we cannot afford any disruption of time due to logistics 
issues or getting raw materials. So, we have booked up raw materials. Second 
is that as far as electrical steel is concerned, which is a major part of our total 
buying, we are buying from outside India and there are indications that the 
imports of steel may be restricted next year, there are strong indications that 
we have and domestic steel is far more expensive compared to the steel that we 
are buying from outside India. So, in order to avoid a situation where we are 
stuck with buying expensive steel which will definitely affect our margins we 
took a decision to buy a lot of steel even for next year, not only to cover the 
demand for the next two quarters, but also to cover a large part of the demand 
for next year just to protect our margins and also to protect our supply situation. 
Now, this has eaten up a lot of cash. So, the ratio of the increase in inventory, 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 23 
about 58% is in raw materials and 42% is work-in progress, there's hardly any 
increase in inventory due to finished goods. 
Rahil Shah: 
My second question is we understand that the motors business segment is 
growing at a robust pace. Where are we getting these orders from and how 
sustainable is it? What's the growth outlook for next three to five years on this 
segment? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
We are getting the motor business in exports and domestic and we are focusing 
on the larger sizes. Export, we are focusing on oil and gas, compression, 
hydrogen and things like that where we see very good scope for growth, the 
market is simply huge, could be $ 10 billion or even more. So, our share is 
miniscule. Any growth that we show, although may be impressive for us, is 
still a drop in the ocean as far as the overall market is concerned. Plus, we have 
domestic, then we also have the synchronous motors which from time-to-time, 
we get some there are some big orders in the market. So, all these put together 
is driving the growth for our motors. So, we said INR 80 going to INR 160 for 
next year and. I don't want to give a guidance for FY'27, but it's going to be 
another big increase for FY'27. There's a lot that we are doing to establish 
ourselves in various parts of the market. This motor business will grow for 
TDPS. It can be as large as the generator business and that's what we are trying 
to make it. 
Rahil Shah: 
My last question is, are we still investing in robotics and automation as we did 
over last three to four years? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Oh, yes. In fact, the new plant will have more of it. When you put up a new 
plant, you have a chance to design it exactly the way that you want without 
having any constraints of disrupting production and putting in new processes 
and things like that. So, the new plant is going to be just as much as automation 
as possible. We are going to have more robotics, more automation, more 
efficiency, and we are going to use all our knowledge, all our experience to put 
up the most modern and most beautiful factory that we can think of. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Nikhil from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 23 
Nikhil: 
My understanding could be a little bit off, but just one thing, if we go back two 
years, when the commodity inflation was very high, at that time we had 
repriced our contracts in such a way that commodity was a pass-through for 
us, so that our margins could sustain around 30%, 32%. Now today when we 
see the steel prices are low, is the realization also fallen for us because initially 
in one of the questions you said, our pricing today is like we are getting better 
prices. Have the prices become independent of the commodity prices now? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I don't see a big correction taking place in electrical steel prices or copper or 
other special forging steels and things that we use compared to post-COVID. 
We see the prices more or less flat or in some cases like copper, it is maybe 
even higher. So, we are arguing with anyone who talks to us on these lines, 
saying that, no, please show us the proof and there's no reduction no relief for 
us in terms of raw material prices. Our gross contribution expansion is taking 
place due to better product mix. Export has always been more profitable for us 
compared to domestic. So, more better product mix. And also doing more 
aftermarket work and things like that is also leading to better margins for us. 
Nikhil: 
So, in one of the previous questions you said we are getting better prices 
because our plants are running full - 
Nikhil Kumar: 
In some cases, definitely. When we are bidding for new jobs, sometimes we 
are not so desperate to take this order. In some cases we are getting. See, the 
better gross contribution is a summation of a number of small things, there's 
no one or two big things. It's 2.2% for this reason, #1, 0.3% for reason #2, 0.3% 
for reason #3. So, it's a number of smaller reasons, which overall accumulates 
in getting say 1.5% better. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from. Alisha from Envision. Please go ahead. 
Alisha: 
Just a clarification. The new capacity you said will come in phases. Is the 
phase-I of first building expected in H1 of '26 or H2? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Around May, June for the first, July for the second, August for the third. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 23 
Alisha: 
The new plant should be operational by H1? Great. So, the next question was 
Turkey plant has been shut since the last more than one year. Will it require 
any investments because we are witnessing an uptick in orders again and I 
believe that we were almost like to liquidate that plant? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, no, we had taken a factory on rent and we had just basically lock the door, 
we just shut everything, now we open the door, we clean everything and start. 
That's basically what it is. 
Alisha: 
So, no incremental investments will be required to ramp up the operations? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No. 
Alisha: 
Sorry, I must have missed this, but any update on the brush order that we had 
won a couple of quarters ago? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Vinay, do you want to talk about the brush business, especially the generators 
that we are supplying with our own design? 
Vinay Hegde: 
Yes. Brush business is going good and we had the top management visit last 
week and they have given some good indication for next year and the first order 
we have already tested and dispatched and we have a couple of more orders 
under execution and we are expecting 3-4 orders in this Q3 and so far it is going 
very well and for next year business they have given a good indication of 
business with TDPS design machines. 
Alisha: 
So, in light of everything that we've been seeing, the brush orders expected in 
Q3, the Turkey orders expected in Q3, the incremental gas engine orders 
expected in Q3, we are expecting very strong inflow in H2? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes, I already gave indication in my opening remarks that we had INR 360 
crores order inflow which is the highest ever for the company in Q2. I have 
already said they are going to exceed that in Q3. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Rohit from iThought PMS. Please go ahead. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 23 
Rohit: 
Just two questions. On the traction motor side, we got this order of INR 300 
crores over five years. You mentioned two things. One, there is a similar order 
that you may eventually get and also in terms of the Indian railways order, 
which is sort of getting over in the next couple of years, there also you may get 
something. So, will we have enough capacity, or will the new plant then 
probably take care of that so in case all these things get fructified? And then 
also I think in your presentation you mentioned that you started to win 
something from the Indian railways as well. So, if you could maybe explain 
that a bit? I am not very clear if the capacity will be enough, if you can just 
maybe explain that? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Once the qualification is complete for these jobs, we may need to have a 
separate facility for traction business… completely separate facility, meaning 
a separate building only for the traction business. It's in our planning and we 
will execute on that as soon as these qualifications are completed and we have 
passed this test and then putting up that additional shop is not a problem, we 
will do it… we will have to do it. These traction motors tend to be small 
machines, so we don't need a big building with a very heavy crane capability, 
and it can be put up very quickly in say three to four months’ time. It's in our 
plan and we are just waiting for some milestones to be crossed. And once we 
are 100% sure that business is going to come, we'll make the investments. 
Rohit: 
That you think is like 2-3 quarters away or more than that? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Maximum two quarters away. I mean definitely we will have the investment 
decisions taken by Q1 next year. Look, I think the way things are going, Rohit, 
is that we have the lineup, right, we have the business, we sign the contracts, 
we have to make the prototypes. And once the prototypes are cleared, then the 
volume production will start. So, just be a little conservative, we are waiting 
for the prototypes to be cleared before we take the decision to put the factory. 
But, after the prototypes are cleared, we will have some six months time to 
ramp up and so we will do it that way. But we are not going to let go, we have 
the prototype orders, we are not going to let this go, we will make it successful. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 20 of 23 
Rohit: 
The second question was geothermal. So, you mentioned that you've done 
some orders in the US. I think 3-4 years back you talked about getting some 
strategic customers like you got in gas engine. I mean just wanted to get a sense 
on that. Is that something that is happening, I mean earlier in the call you 
mentioned that like the entire space is sort of going crazy in terms of demand, 
whether it is this energy, whether it is geothermal, everything. So, I am just 
trying to understand, are you also trying to get some strategic customers so that 
you have like a steady stream of business in those verticals as well or is it just 
a bit too early to think about those things? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Our OEMs who are bidding for these larger geothermal plants in the US are 
the same ones that we have developed and working with us for the past four or 
five years. Because the generator is coupled, it is sold with the turbine by these 
OEMs to the end user. But these larger size geothermal facilities what we are 
talking about, these are based on a different method of drilling, which is they 
are using the same techniques as fracking, horizontal drilling to exploit the 
wells and get more heat out of these wells and better utilization of the 
geothermal wells and power. It's a very interesting technology. I can name the 
end user also, there's a company called Fervo, that's the end user and it's very 
well known in the US right now what they are trying to do, you can check on 
the internet and it's all available. TDPS is the generator vendor for their phase-
I prototype power plant and they have signed the PPAs with a number of large, 
as I said IT companies. There will be others who will do the same thing down 
the line. So, it's not this technology is not rocket science, but they are the first 
to do with this. So, I think this geothermal market in the US has a lot of 
potential. 
Rohit: 
I think a few quarters like you talked about winning an order from a startup 
which is backed by a global oil major on the carbon capture. I think you 
supplied motor to them. How is that ramping up, anything that you want to 
share on that? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
It's going to get commissioned this month or next month and then they will 
start ordering some more. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 21 of 23 
Moderator: 
Next question is from V.P. Rajesh from Banyan Capital Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Just on this traction motor that you're talking about, the capex you're planning, 
is that part of INR 150 crores CAPEX or that would be separate?  
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, no, we will need the new capex for next year if we have to do these things, 
we will have to have incremental capex over the INR 120 crores that we have 
talked about. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
And then you talked about getting some orders from Japan for waste to energy. 
So, is that similar to what you had gotten from Germany a couple of years back, 
and if you can just give a little more color around these two opportunities? 
Vinay Hegde: 
These are the same waste to energy power plants. Basically, now we have got 
one order from Singapore for a waste to energy plant. This is also mainly for a 
data center which is being put up by Google. There are many such power plants 
are going to come in the market because everybody is moving towards carbon 
net zero and these countries like Japan and Singapore they also have the limited 
land available. So, they have to use the waste and generate the power by using 
that. There are many projects coming up like this and Japan is the main market 
for us as of now and we are getting good amount of orders from Japan and this 
Singapore one is mainly for the data center from Google. These are mainly 
coming for cloud computing, artificial intelligence and digitalization. These 
data centers require huge power and they also have to have carbon reduction 
demand they have to meet. So, this serves both purposes. So, it has good 
potential. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
So, one question is that we are getting opportunities from data center coming 
up in the export market, but data centers are coming up in India also. So, is 
there any specific reason why we are not getting those orders or are we getting 
those orders? I just wanted to check that. 
Vinay Hegde: 
See, there is a data center coming up from Reliance, but the problem is in India 
this waste to energy this market is not matured. There are a few plants 
commissioned in India and there are many in the pipeline. That is one issue. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 22 of 23 
And there is no gas available in India for putting up the gas power plants. So, 
these data centers in India still they depend on either the grid and as a backup 
they go for huge diesel power plant. So, we also have got some good enquiries 
from data centers for the backup power plants which they use diesel power 
plants, for example, Reliance is coming up with a very big data center, we have 
those enquiries. But these things are going to take time and they can't go for 
these kind of renewable energy in India, either they had to go for solar or wind 
that is again connected to the national grid and they get the power from the 
grid. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
But you will not have guaranteed power with solar and wind. So, what we are 
seeing in India is still diesel and diesel means it is 1-2 MW size. That is not the 
core area of business for TDPS. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Manav Singhal, who's an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Manav Singhal: 
So, I wanted to understand what the market size for hydro generators as well 
as the gas engine generators? And since we are going at these segments in the 
rapid phase for the last 3-4 years, are the market for these segments also 
growing at a rapid pace globally? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes, it is difficult to get exact number on this growing market, but definitely 
both the hydro market and the gas engine business world market is growing at 
more than 10% per year. And we have estimated the gas engine business 
market, I don't have the exact number, but it could be around a billion dollars 
in our sizes itself, and hydro could have been something like $ 500-$ 600 
million market and growing very rapidly. So, there's a lot of scope for us to 
grow within these spaces. 
Manav Singhal: 
My other question was that we have been installing these generators from 2000 
onwards and it's been 25 years for us since then. So, other than that, are we also 
seeing traction in the aftermarket segment? And also would there be a 
replacement demand coming soon in the future? 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 23 of 23 
Vinay Hegde: 
You are very right. But we started in 2001, and the volume started picking up 
from 2008, 2009 for our own machines. But we are not focusing on our own 
machines which are not quite old and these machines what we produce are very 
robust machines, but there is a potential for machines supplied by others like 
BHEL and other our competitors and Chinese machines which have been 
supplied in India, there are good potential of machines. If you see, our 
aftermarket business is also growing at 20% to 25% and recently we have got 
some very good orders outside India for replacing our competitors machines 
that we do on regular basis and there are very good number of enquiries, we 
have already participated in the tenders, there are some government jobs, one 
big hydro project we are now executing, there are three machines in that 
project. So, we are seriously focusing and since last three years we have started 
looking at this market and it is yielding results. So, there is a good market for 
not only our machine for replacing and upgrading and refurbishing our 
competitors machines as well. 
Moderator: 
Due to time constraints, we'll have to take that as the last question. I would 
now like to hand the conference back to the management team for closing 
comments. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Thank you very much, everybody for joining this call. We have answered a lot 
of questions today and it was a very active conference. We thank all for your 
time. I wish you all a very, very Happy Diwali and your families and we look 
forward to meeting all of you in some upcoming investor conference face-to-
face in the next couple of months. Thank you very much and see you next 
quarter. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of TD Power Systems Limited, that concludes the conference. Thank 
you for joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
