30th October, 2024 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra  Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
Symbol -TEXRAIL 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code - 533326 
Dear Sirs, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith a copy of the transcript of 
the Conference Call with analyst / investor(s) held on Monday, 28th October, 2024 at 
11:00 a.m. (IST).  
The same has been uploaded on the website of the Company i.e. https://www.texmaco.in/wp-
content/uploads/2024/10/Q2FY25-Result-Concall-Transcript.pdf . 
We would also like to confirm that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared / discussed 
during the Conference Call. 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
K. K. Rajgaria 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
KISHOR 
KUMAR 
RAJGARIA
Digitally signed by 
KISHOR KUMAR 
RAJGARIA 
Date: 2024.10.30 
16:20:03 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. INDRAJIT MOOKERJEE –EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
AND VICE CHAIRMAN – TEXMACO RAIL & 
ENGINEERING LIMITED 
 
MR. SUDIPTA MUKHERJEE – MANAGING DIRECTOR –
TEXMACO RAIL & ENGINEERING LIMITED 
MR. HEMANT BHUWANIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER– TEXMACO RAIL & ENGINEERING LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NIDHI SHAH – ICICI SECURITIES 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited Q2 FY 
'25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nidhi Shah from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and over 
to you, ma'am. 
Nidhi Shah: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I welcome you all to the Q2 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call of Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited. Today, we have with us from the 
management, Mr. Indrajit Mookerjee, ED and Vice Chairman; Mr. Sudipta Mukherjee, MD; and 
Mr. Hemant Bhuwania, the CFO. 
Without much delay, I would now like to hand over the conference to the management for their 
opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
Good morning to all of you. This is Indrajit Mookerjee. I'm the Executive Director and the Vice 
Chairman of Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited. I'm delighted to welcome you -- all of you, 
for Q2 and H1 financial year '25 earnings discussion. We had a very action-packed quarter and 
we have achieved many goals, which we want to do. So I trust that you have already reviewed 
our financial results and accompanying earnings presentations, which are available on the stock 
exchanges. 
A significant development in H1 FY '25 was the completion of our acquisition of Jindal Rail and 
Infra. Now we have named it as Texmaco West Rail. This acquisition marks an important and 
very significant step in Texmaco's strategic growth, enhancing our market reach, establishing 
Texmaco as a leader in the freight car industry and also in the domain of new developed and 
advanced high-tech wagons. So this is one of the pursuits that we wanted to do, serving purpose 
of we being becoming a pan-Asia player. 
And secondly, our pursuit for global excellence and be a baby step towards becoming a global 
player. Big integration process has advanced or has moved very smoothly with synergies being 
fully captured as per the expectations. The acquisition has also as I said before, increased our 
revenue share from the private sector freight cars, which as all of you will know, will lead us to 
have higher realization per car. 
In Q2 FY '25, Texmaco achieved continued growth and operational progress. Revenue reached 
INR1,346 crores, while EBITDA was INR149 crores with an 11% margin. PAT for the quarter 
was INR74 crores, reflecting a 5.5% margin. For the first half of FY '25, Texmaco's revenue 
from operations amounted to INR2,434 crores, underpinning our growth -- growing market, 
market presence and robust demand across demand -- across the segments. 
EBITDA for the H1 was INR272 crores with an 11.2% margin and profit after tax stood at 
INR133 crores with a margin of 5.5%. Operationally, we reached a new milestone in freight car 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
Page 3 of 16 
 
sales with 2,927 units delivered in Q2, of which 72% were for Indian Railways and the balance 
fulfilled private and export orders. 
Additionally, our steel foundries in Raipur and Belgharia produced 11,156 metric tonnes of 
castings and railway components, making a year-on-year increase of 3.5% and highlighting our 
ability to meet rising demand while sustaining our leadership in the steel foundry industry.  
Now this growth is, as you all know, is limited to the capacity, and we are doing -- we are taking 
many actions of debottlenecking the foundries. In addition to that as you all know, that we also 
are in the process of building up a new foundry in Odisha. 
Looking forward, our order book is at INR8,200 crores with freight car business accounting for 
72% of the same. With the added capabilities of Texmaco West Rail, we are very well positioned 
to further expand into the private wagon manufacturing space. Our strategic priorities for the 
remainder of FY '25 and beyond include enhancing operational capacity, expanding our 
international footprint and continuing to drive integration benefits with Texmaco West. 
Notably, Texmaco has been awarded the 3-star export house certification by the Government of 
India, affirming our role as a valued contributor to India's trade landscape. Texmaco remains 
focused on sustainable growth, operational excellence and strategic innovation to deliver long-
term value. 
As we enter the second half of the fiscal year, we are committed to strengthening our market 
position further in line with the industry developments. With these few words, I would request 
Mr. Sudipta Mukherjee, our Managing Director; Mr. Hemant Bhuwania, Chief Financial 
Officer, to address to you and take up any questions which may come to you. Thank you very 
much. 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
Thank you. Hi. Good morning, everyone. This is Sudipta Mukherjee and with me Hemant. 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
Hello, good morning, all of you. 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
So I think the perspective is being -- and the achievements have been narrated quite aptly by 
Vice Chairman, Mr. Mookerjee. We'll be very happy to answer your questions together. 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
We are open for question and answer. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Viran Patel from Balaji Investments. 
Viran Patel: 
Congratulations for the fantastic results. We were not expecting this kind of results, but we have 
beat our expectations. So many congratulations on that front. Secondly, I have three questions 
to ask you. One is how we have funded Jindal Rail. So how -- from where the money has come, 
how we have funded it? 
My second question is, I was going through your announcement dated 25th October, where you 
are looking to get into opportunities of real estate. So I just wanted to understand what -- where 
all we have land banks or how we are going to get into real estate fleet. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
Page 4 of 16 
 
And the third question is how many wagons now we are producing per day or per month? So 
these are my three questions. I would be very happy if you reply to me. 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
Mr. Patel, just we couldn't hear the first question properly. While I could hear the Jindal Rail 
word, balance, we were not able to hear. 
Viran Patel: 
I said how we have funded it, from where money from which -- have we borrowed the money 
or it is from internal accruals, how we have done it. The current balance sheet reflects that money 
has already been paid and the current liability is already accounted to on that side. 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
To answer to your first question, the entire Jindal acquisition has been completed on 3rd of 
September. The fund has been remitted, and it was done through internal accruals from the 
company and certain portion from the QIP funds, which were there. So on the second and third 
question, our Managing Director, Mr. Sudipta, will answer to it. 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
So I think the second question was the enabling resolution for the real estate development. So 
you all know that we are in a process of restructuring the company and while we are in the 
trajectory of growth. So we thought that we have to take care of our redundancy and whatever 
the best utilization of various assets are possible in the way forward, we will put the company 
into more sound footprint. 
So the company has many such lands which were never thought of being utilized as a part of 
production enhancement or any production facility there, and there is no possibility or rather 
could be a higher return can be faced if it could be developed or utilized on -- rather than 
manufacturing. 
So those redundancies, we want to convert it into assets and convert it into some good returns 
for the company in the way forward. So that's why we thought of having a kind of enabling 
resolution to get into. Otherwise, it's not like that we want to become a real estate company. It's 
only just to enable us to move ahead and start working on that. 
And third, I think you mentioned about the wagon production, if I'm not mistaken. If you see 
that by H1, we have already manufactured around more than 5,300 wagons. So from there, at 
least this we will maintain and we expect that we'll be further improving upon in and around 
this. And you will get more better product mix, including the private and specialized wagons. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Abhyankar from UTI Mutual Fund. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Congrats on a good set of results. Sir just Infra Rail and Green Energy segment continues to 
remain a drag on our profitability. So what is the -- and if I'm not wrong, we were looking to 
demerge this from our business. So what is the status over there? 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
So Nikhil, we have received the approval, and you know that these things require a kind of a 
process. In the last call also, we have mentioned. And we are committed for the separation of 
that wing so far and we are progressing with right earnest. So in the appropriate time as a 
significant progress happens, you will be able to know. And our -- as I say, right earnest, we are 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
Page 5 of 16 
 
very much keen to do it as fast as possible and we are on right track and right speed of the 
process. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Should we expect it to happen in FY '25? 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
Sir, of course, our intention is common with you, but you know that the government machineries 
and statutory obligations are there where it is very difficult for you and me to commit. But 
expectation is as aggressive as you have and we are with you in line. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Sure. Sir, and the second question is regarding the order inflow. So can you tell us what is the 
quantum of tenders which are open right now? And how much do you expect ordering from the 
railways in this year? 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
To be precise, Nikhil, this financial year, I think around the nature of the tender from railway 
has shifted to small, small, small tenders. And we have been actively taking in part in the wagons, 
which are higher remunerative and we can deliver. I can give you a glimpse that when the largest 
order came out, so our asking rate for railways was 600 wagons per month. 
Now with the accumulation of further order, it has gone up to 800 wagons per month. But minded 
that it is considering the fact the performance or the execution we have, and we are not incurring 
any liquidated damages in any Indian railway orders. So it is coming in, and we are just looking 
at the best basket of it. 
In private, we have got good momentum. And we expect that certain large tenders will come up. 
And this year and middle of next year, we expect around 30,000 more wagons to come in, 
whatever we know about -- I mean, the tenders have come up and something is in the pipeline. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
So 30,000 from the Indian railways plus there will be the private side. 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
It could be this 30,000 is an approximate figure, Nikhil, what we hear because as you will 
appreciate that it may be 26,000, it may be 28,000, it can be 32,000 also. So this is what we have 
certain visibility and we know some progress has happened. 
And if you talk about private specifically, last year has seen the highest offtake of private 
wagons, which was around 17,000. So worst to worst, we feel that anything between 12,000 to 
15,000 over and above 30,000 should be there in the market considering the government push 
in the infrastructure. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Congratulations on a very good set of numbers. So the only question I have is, of course, the 
GPWI scheme, if I understand, there was a ban, right, a few, I think, 1.5 years back. Have you 
heard anything on that on the same? Do you expect the ban to be lifted in the next coming 
quarters? 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
Thank you for your best wishes. GPWIS was never -- I would refrain to use the word ban. There 
was a moratorium in between because what we hear or we have learned that there was a lot of 
approvals, which was accorded by the government and these approvals were time bound. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Suppose government approves me to -- as a licensee to procure wagon and they give me time 
that till December 2025, I have to place the order or induct the wagons into the system. 
So there were a lot of gap in that on the license issued and the offtake of the wagons. And that's 
why they put a moratorium and just to have perhaps a feel of it, somewhere we also have learned 
that there were certain kind of congestion because of the improper distribution of the routes. So 
it was a moratorium for the time being. 
And in between, I think a lot of meetings government had initiated and the industry houses 
participated. And around -- we expected around 200 racks were supposed to be procured. Out of 
that, already we have started seeing a traction and kind of -- we expect that within this financial 
year itself, in last couple of months, we have seen around 40, 50 racks already been ordered 
being placed. 
And we feel that this momentum will continue till these 200 racks are being procured in spite of 
the moratorium because these licenses were issued earlier and the receipt state of induction 
perhaps is being decided. And Texmaco, your company is also a beneficiary of it. And I'm happy 
to let you know that we are turning out this GPWIS racks in the -- perhaps in the best possible 
time line to the market today. 
Mohit Kumar: 
My second question, sir, is it possible to quantify the synergy we're expecting from acquiring 
the Jindal West Rail in terms of cost -- quantify the cost efficiency, if possible? 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
Cost efficiency is very high. That much I can say, and it will be complementary. And it's a very 
healthy situation because I cannot give you apple-to-apple because the product portfolio and the 
mixes are different. And that was one of the reasons of acquisition of that company. And -- but 
we do not find any inefficiency for that company that which will drag, but it will be a 
complement on a higher side for Texmaco. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood. Last question, is it possible to share the Jindal Rail revenue EBITDA in the first 
half, H1? 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
So yes, Mohit, the H1, they made a total revenue from operation was INR426 crores and their 
PBT was INR63 crores, INR62.73 crores to be exact. 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
Mohit, just to add to you that if you see that we expect that we will be better off maybe even in 
the commodity wagon if we do apples-to-apples because our foundry capacity is going to be a 
complement to Jindal, which was never there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aman Soni from Nvest Analytics Advisors LLP. 
Aman Soni: 
My question is specifically on freight car division. We performed decent in this year in terms of 
volume. Can you help me to understand going ahead in next 1 or 2 quarters, what kind of order 
inflow do you see in this segment? And what kind of execution do we see here in second half? 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
So Aman, to answer you, I can only share our vision and ambitions because placing order is not 
in our hand, but seeing the momentum and the market, what we believe that we -- while we will 
maintain our position of percentages and rather we will grow on that in both the categories of 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
Page 7 of 16 
 
wagons, including export. And if you see that today, we are in a position, as Vice Chairman also 
mentioned, in a leadership position, and we have the highest capacity to cater to the Indian both 
railway and private as well as exports. 
So to answer you in one sentence, we'll feel that the progress of order intake should be better. 
And our execution will at least remain in the same trajectory, and we feel that to excel in both 
the categories. 
Aman Soni: 
Sir, by the end of this year, like by end of Q4, what kind of run rate do you see in the freight 
segment? Like in this quarter, we did around INR2,900 crores, right? So what kind of run rate 
do we see by the end of Q4, sir? 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
Sir, we have produced 5,300 wagon in a consolidated manner half yearly. If you multiply by 2 
because we cannot go down, so it becomes 10,600. So we will be any time near to that or bit 
even a little better to that. 
Aman Soni: 
So are you saying like H2 is going to be in line with H1 only? No growth will be there, right? 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
I said minimum, this is itself is a growth, maintaining this is also a growth. And we expect we'll 
do better than this. The H2, we expect that we will be doing better than H1. 
Aman Soni: 
Perfect. 
Sudipta Mukherjee:  
I cannot give you absolute figure, but it would be better. That's what we expect. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijeet from ICICI Securities. 
Abhijeet: 
Congratulations on a very good set of results. The first question is on our capacity plans. Right 
now, if I understand correctly, the capacity is in the range of about 3,000 units a quarter. That is 
for the freight wagons. And for the quarter 2, the volume seems to have reached the peak 
utilization of about 95%, 97%. So in that context, sir, in H2 and in FY '26, what is going to be 
our capacity expansion plan? 
Also a related question. So if we compare our gross block from Q4 to Q2, that has seen expansion 
of about INR400 crores and basically doubled. And that proportionate expansion has not been 
seen in revenue. So I mean, assuming Jindal Rail acquisition, the utilization for Jindal Rail 
capacity has not reached its peak. So how is the ramp-up going to happen in second half and FY 
'26 pertaining to Jindal Rail? 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
Abhijeet, thank you. I would like to answer the first part first and then maybe Hemant can touch 
upon a bit. And if anything is required, we can jointly answer. To answer you regarding the 
capacity, it is not in our mind actually, to be very honest, that we don't feel our capacity is 12,000 
or 10,000 or 15,000. 
Capacity of production is kind of elastic in terms of freight rolling stock when you have a decent 
infrastructure. It's a question of utilization with the right product mix that what is your business 
plan vision, what is the market and where you want to go. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
Page 8 of 16 
 
So, so far, I can assure you so far Texmaco is concerned with all its three manufacturing units 
and the coming joint ventures which are coming, there will be no limitation in terms of 
flexibility, agility and capacity in terms of numbers of production of rolling stocks. 
And even if you -- so unnecessary, we do not want to use our resource because we know that 
within the present setup even with a kind of requirement, we can do better. That's why you have 
seen that we are very keen and focused on expanding our export portfolio. 
So these are -- I mean, to answer you, I don't -- we don't need any CapEx to do that. So these 
capacities, you can see that it's not a problem and not a challenge for your company. In terms of 
foundry, yes, it is important. And if you have seen that last 1, 1.5 years, we have been 
continuously improving on the existing facility even from 30,000 to today's run rate in the half 
yearly, we have almost done 21,000 metric tonnes and which you even only multiply it will 
become 42,000 tonnes, which is also highest in the country. 
And further to that, we have certain visions and ambitions to reach to newer markets, and we are 
setting up a new foundry in Odisha as in Vice Chairman's speech, he has mentioned. So I feel 
that this 10,000, 12,000 or 1,000 a month is a misnomer. Most important is what you do and 
what is the mix. Second part, Hemant, he was asking for some. 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
Yes. The second part, you mentioned that there has been an increase in the property plant 
equipment that is on the CapEx part. Yes, there has been an increase, which is mainly on account 
of acquisition of Jindal Rail since you are seeing the consolidated results. So it includes the 
numbers of Jindal Rail. So Jindal Rail, the net fixed asset addition has been to the tune of 
approximately INR300 crores. That is why you see an increase in fixed assets. 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
In the gross block. 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
Gross block. 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
Abhijit, have we been able to answer you or you have any doubt or any question? 
Abhijeet: 
Sir, one thing related to this and also in continuation with the earlier participant's question on 
the synergies between the acquired company and Texmaco. So in that sense, it seems like the 
asset turnover, fixed asset turnover for Jindal Rail right now seems to be on a lower number 
compared to our existing business. So in that context, how is the ramp-up going to happen? And 
how are these margins and turnovers going to pan out going forward with the acquisition and 
the expansion panning out? 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
So Abhijeet, if you see, maybe I will not be able to -- or will not be able to give you a numeric 
number to the cause of this. But I just would like to remind you of a point that Jindal Rail suppose 
it has a 120 acres of land and 2 railway siding. And we are only today in -- within 50 acres of it. 
And there, as I said, that increasing or having a better mix or reach to a better market is not at 
all a challenge. The balance land, we have other visions and plans going forward to gain fully 
utilize and create more value adds, not to expand for wagon perhaps. 
Abhijeet: 
Right. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
We have a few plans which we are working and progressively, we'll find that... 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
I'd just like to add to Sudipta's answer is that, see, the synergy from Jindal is not only restricted 
to cost. It's restricted to the market synergy because it has given us a tremendous reach to the 
private segments -- the private sector market, which have a higher realization. And we have now 
in a situation when we know which is going to be where -- which orders will go. 
And secondly is that our capabilities are with the product is so high because it's going to be from 
generic orders to the generic wagons to the high-end wagons, and we are doing further 
development. So I think the market synergy and value capturing has been very high in addition 
to the numbers, which are very important to increase. And I think Sudipta was saying, sometimes 
product mix is more important than band numbers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from JM Financial. 
Rahul Jain: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
Rahul, we have a problem to hear you. There is a background noise. 
Rahul Jain: 
Congratulations on a strong set of numbers. My first question is your H1 production has been 
very strong. And with acquisition of this Jindal Rail, the production will increase, maybe... 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
Again, your voice is getting faint, Rahul. Kindly if you speak a little louder. We are not able to 
hear. 
Rahul Jain: 
So sir, I was saying that your production has been very strong in H1, right? And with acquisition 
of Jindal Rail, can the production increase to 1,000 wagons per month plus? So can this go 
beyond that? And also, if you can highlight that your market share might increase because you 
might be able to provide additional wagons in the market. So can that be a case over the next 
1.5, 2 years? 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
Rahul, I think, yes, you have captured the answer correct. In both the -- in all the questions, the 
answer is yes. We will have better market share. We have more agility to supply. We have 
multiple most variety of products to cater to the market. We have the -- we believe that we have 
a very strong technical capability even to have a tailor-made and curated solution for the 
customers. And our numbers are not limited to 1,000 wagons a month. It is much beyond. 
Rahul Jain: 
Can you give that number, if possible...? 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
No, I cannot give you that number because it depends on the mix you know. You are in the 
market since long. So you know that in product mixes determine the number. As I have tried to 
explain in Abhijeet's question that it can vary. I mean, if suppose something a new design comes 
up tomorrow. 
So as a matter of a capable company, can I decide that it is more complex and I will only make 
100 wagon a month? No. So we have to be capable. We have all the flexibilities to do much 
beyond 1,000 and product mix is important rather than having that number. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
Rahul, I'll just add -- this is Indrajit Mookerjee. I'll only amplify on Sudipta's point. And I think 
he made a very important point that our capabilities are there. We have the capability and 
flexibility to do anything from one to the other end. And that's more important because once you 
have the capability, you can always use that capability when the opportunities come or when we 
develop opportunities ourselves. So that's more important than how many actually numbers we 
are doing. We can do any numbers. 
Rahul Jain: 
Right, sir. Got it. Sir, my second question is, so there will be higher private sector wagons 
supplied, which can have a higher margin. So can we see the -- your margins, which was around 
10% operating margins, which was around 10% in H1, can this move to 12% to 13% over the 
next 1.5, 2 years with private sector wagons contributing more after the acquisition of Jindal 
Rail? 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
So Rahul, absolutely, yes, what you mentioned, we all are working towards the common goal to 
increase the EBITDA margin, what the numbers you mentioned. And yes, we are hopeful that 
with the increased percentage of private portion in comparison to total supply, the EBITDA 
should go up in the coming days to come. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure, sir. Sir, if you can highlight what is private sector wagons margins, if you can just split it 
up for us? 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
So private is always better than what we have in terms of railways. And after private, we have 
export. Export is even better than what we supply to private. So that is how the pricing has been 
done and the contribution margin has been -- is generally defined in the industry purpose. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure, sir. Got it. Sir, how much was the export this quarter? And which products did you export? 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
So export was on the 2 segments. One was on the freight car, we have exported to Africa. And 
second was export is on account of steel foundry, wherein we export railway castings to U.S. 
and Australia. The total number of export, I'll just... 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
We have also exported to Europe, wagon components, I mean, wagons into knockdown parts. 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
And the total export number, yes, I have now, Rahul, it is INR185 crores in H1. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure, sure, sir. Sir, what are your plans for new products in the next 2 to 3 years, if you can 
mention that also because you have several land available after this Jindal Rail getting acquired? 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
So it is progressive in nature, Rahul. And I mean, many, many things we are looking forward to. 
So far the -- I mean, maybe in railway segment and even beyond railway. So to be specific in 
this call is a little difficult for us. But you -- we know that you are very keen, I mean, with us, 
and we will keep on informing you as we progress. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC Mutual Fund. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sir, you just mentioned that the new facility at Jindal, we have extra space where we can look 
out for new ventures. So I mean, over what period of time we will be able to hear something 
about the new business plans? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
Mahesh, thank you for your best wishes. You know, I mean, being in the trade that we keep on 
working on something and what matures -- I mean, in the last two acquisitions, you have seen 
Texmaco's agility that when we found it is profitable, we committed to you and the market that 
we want to take up businesses, but not for the sake of it. But we want to make it a story that 
where we can really perform and take care of every stakeholders' interest. 
So given on the right chance, we are working on various possibilities and we'll keep you updated. 
But to be specific now, it will be very difficult, but it can -- something may also happen very 
quickly, but defining time line is difficult, right? 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
Let me also add to Mr. Mukherjee's answer. See, if it is within the -- our present domain, then 
we have a very clear growth path, and we have a very clear growth direction. And that, I think 
we have mentioned it earlier also that we are trying and developing the component business, 
which are the components of the freight cars. 
And that's why you must have seen that we are trying to -- and that's what Mr. Mukherjee has 
said that we are exporting freight car components in knockdown conditions, and we are talking 
-- and we also have an aspiration to take our export strength to be a global player of supply -- 
global supplier. And that's the reason why we are also very much concentrating on building up 
our global capability center. 
We also are looking at revamping our foundry capacity by putting in a new foundry, which 
perhaps will be mostly export-oriented and will be going to the countries outside India and 
developed countries like U.S. and Australia, et cetera. So these are -- within our domain, we 
know that we have a very clear growth path. if you are asking outside the rail segment, then I 
think we'll have to wait for something to come up. Right now, we are not in a position to say. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Great, sir. And sir, the operating margins at the consolidated level around 9.8% for the last 2 
quarters. Now given the -- I mean, the scale we are acquiring where our revenues are growing 
fast, some point of time, economy of scale needs to come up. So will this add into a substantial 
-- in terms of margins will add significantly over the next 2 years? Will it change the margin 
trajectory from maybe 10% to 12%, 13% kind of level, fuel and operating side? 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
So Mahesh, yes, what you mentioned, yes, absolutely, we are working towards a common goal 
to increase our margin. So as I mentioned earlier also, since more and more execution on the 
private side is our endeavor. And as it happens, you will see definitely an improvement in the 
operating margin also. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sure, sure. And sir, last question from my end is that the debt level -- net debt level has gone up 
with the acquisition. It's around INR800 crores now. So when we look out for new businesses, 
new venture, is there any limit we have placed in terms of taking further debt on the balance 
sheet? 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
So Mahesh, this will be too premature to answer that whether any further debt for the new 
acquisition or anything would be added to it. So generally, we work on a debt equity of 70%-
30%. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
Page 12 of 16 
 
So depending upon the case-to-case basis, the call would be taken by the management, whether 
to add debt to it and if the internal accruals are sufficient, whether to meet the funding through 
internal accruals for any future projects. So depending upon the future projects on a case-to-case 
basis, a decision would be taken Mahesh. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harshit, an individual investor. 
Harshit: 
Congratulations on the great set of numbers. Sir, I had a couple of questions, if you can just help 
me. So firstly, could you give us an update on the global tender for modern wagons? So the order 
was more or less in process before the election, but actually took a backseat after the election. 
Any update on that, sir, if you could give us -- throw some light on that? And if there has been 
any kind of prequalification round for those wagons, sir? 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
Okay. Harshit, it's a point of -- I mean, it's a question which is very close to our heart. But I 
cannot be the spokesperson of Indian Railway, but I can only share with you the information I 
have in and around it. So last time, when it came, so of course, perhaps the -- whatever be the 
reason, it got on hold. 
But now I think Indian Railway has done a significant kind of decision where they have decided 
that to send a kind of high-power delegation to -- from railways to Europe and America to go 
through a few companies to study that what are the kind of rolling stock they use and what is the 
difference we have in India and what it calls for. 
And I know it by virtue of the fact that perhaps a few of our associates are also getting visited. 
So maybe we expect and we hope -- wish that coming back, a proper specification maybe they 
will be again initiate to do. And from a market perspective and dealing with customer, I can say 
that there is a requirement of higher capacity and efficient rolling stock in the country and I 
believe that Indian Railway is very much conscious about it, but they are taking time because it 
would be a long journey because the maintenance regime will change and many new things, the 
life of the product will increase. 
And so taking time is not a problem, but it has to come as the railway market is gaining 
momentum, and we are ambitious to make a more reliable, trustworthy, safe rolling stock. Third 
is in terms of eligibility, I'm not sure. But of course, government would love to work with 
inclusivity. 
But I can say on behalf of your company that we are -- whatever be the eligibility criteria, so far 
if it is in line with all the global tenders done by other railways because we have started 
qualifying in many international tenders. So we have all the eligibility and we have the capability 
to get into it because we are having our own bogeys with our joint venture partner, Wabtec. We 
have our wagon designs, and we have some American companies also with us associated. So 
brake system and everything. 
So we are very well placed and keenly looking forward to something new and new design 
wagons. And irrespective, we are working on a few new designs for the market, considering 
there is a possibility of very good private sector investment of private wagon optic and DFCC 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
Page 13 of 16 
 
are also getting operational more and more. So we are very well positioned in this advanced type 
of guidance for the country. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Right, sir. Sir, just one follow-up question. So basically, there hasn't been any communication 
or indication from the government side around that for us, right, at the moment? 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
Nothing official about it. There was an advertisement of Pepsi, I believe. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Thank you, so much sir. That’s really helpful sir. That’s really good insight from your end and 
all the very best sir. 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mahek from Agility Advisors. 
Mahek: 
Yes. So sir, just wanted to understand more on the execution time line of the orders in the Infra 
Electrical segment. So we have close to INR1,700 crores of the order book and in H1 has been 
quite subdued. So if you could just highlight how -- what is the time line? And how are we 
planning to increase the revenue generation in that segment? 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
So it is -- we don't consider it subdued, Mahek. If I spelled your name properly, I was not able 
to hear. So I think it is one of the most profitable segment of Texmaco. And we will do further 
better from here, and we are very confident about it. You will see much more better results on a 
year-on-year basis also or in the next quarter or the second half of the year. 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
We have also repositioned the entire electrical division. We have repositioned it from a purely 
railway play to non-railway play also. And that's paying up very, very -- that's paying up very 
profitably. We are very bullish on this division and particularly the capability of the organization 
and its goodwill in the market. 
Mahek: 
Okay. So any time line like is it a 3-year order book or a 2.5, 4-year order book? Any specific 
time line that is by when we need to complete these orders, the INR1,800 crores orders which 
we have...? 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
It's a INR1,700 crore order book we -- so every contract has its own this thing. And we can only 
say that the top line, you will see that it will multiply in the coming quarters and years. And it's 
a progressive nature so far the orders are... 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
And the orders are flowing in. And in fact, we are looking India as well as outside India. So all 
that is flowing in. I mean a little bit of patience, you will see this divisions completely what we 
are saying that we will be walking that down. 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
And along with -- as I mentioned about top line, but I must add that bottom line will be very 
strong of that business too. 
Mahek: 
Okay. Understood. And sir, second question was if you could please provide a breakup of the 
volumes of wagons between Texmaco Rail and Jindal Rail? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
So in terms of order book, you want to... 
Mahek: 
No, volume, the wagons, yes, in terms of execution. 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
So Texmaco Rail did -- Texmaco, that is Texmaco Rail and Engineering did executed an order 
of 4,410 wagons and Jindal Rail did 891 in H1 last quarter 2. And in quarter 2, Texmaco Rail 
did 2,443 and Jindal Rail did 484. 
Mahek: 
So we can see a pickup in the volumes from Jindal from H2 as well, right? Because they do have 
good order book available? 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
So yes, Jindal has a very good order book, but the type of wagon which they execute is not a 
commodity specific. It's a very -- it's a commodity-specific wagon. And it's a specialized wagon. 
So you won't see the number -- same numbers what Texmaco does and the same number what 
is being done in Jindal rail. So definitely, the numbers in Jindal Rail will be relatively lesser 
because they do specialized wagons and the lesser of commodity wagons. 
Mahek: 
Okay. Okay. Understood. And sir, last question was we -- Jindal has a technology to produce 
double decker wagons. So how are we expecting any significant synergies due to that 
technology? Any good order book tenders which are available and we would be participating? 
How should we see that segment? 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
Mahek, thank you for asking this. So your -- both company, I mean, erstwhile Jindal now 
Texmaco West and Texmaco Kolkata, both are capable to produce double decker wagons. And 
we'll be happy to know that where the synergy comes from because we were the 2 companies 
who are part of the design of the double decker wagons. So Jindal owns a design, which is being 
called as ACC1, which is a one notch higher progressive technology than the erstwhile 
automobile wagon being procured by Indian Railways. 
And ACC1 recently from a company called APL Vascor, we have got in September an order of 
3 racks to deliver to them. And for Texmaco, Texmaco is in the final stage of approval from 
Indian Railway for designing ACC3, so which is again a different variety of a double-decker 
wagon. 
And today is the most leading design in the market, which is going to be. And it could be a game 
changer because it can also accommodate tractors. And whatever be the shortcomings in the 
other type of designs, we have tried to take care of that, and it comes with a global flavor of 
safety and reliability. 
So we believe that the automobile companies are where looking for an efficient logistics solution 
where they can reduce the carbon footprint in their company by doing so many trucks enter at 
the same time, they wanted an efficient logistic where they can reduce their logistic cost. So we 
will be having the most versatile portfolio of the next-generation automobile wagons to say, and 
we expect this segment will grow significantly in the coming quarters to come or the months to 
come. 
Mahek: 
Okay. And this would be a higher margin product, right? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
We expect, sir. 
Mahek: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, last question. So the capacities which we... 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
We will get special type wagons. And definitely, these are special. 
Mahek: 
Okay. Understood. And sir, sir, last question. The capacity which we have currently in the 
Texmaco rail, including the Jindal one, so what is the peak revenue which we can generate from 
the same? Any ballpark number? 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
Sir, again, to be very honest, this is the number we never think because any -- if I talk about any 
number, it only restricts me. We believe, I repeat that the product mix is the determinant of a 
number. And we are very much focused on our capabilities, and we believe that we have no 
limitation to achieve any number for any of our work. 
If you see that in H1, we have already achieved 5,301. If you multiply, it goes to around 10,600 
wagon per annum but we expect that H2 would be better for the company. And whatever be the 
mix, we are irrespective, we will improve our numbers. That's what we believe and we are 
working for. And in the coming days also, I mean, we want to continue to grow and bring better 
values for our stakeholders. I'm sorry for my roundabout answer, but because any number 
limitation actually, we do not want to rely upon. 
Moderator: 
That was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over to management for 
closing comments. 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
This is Indrajit Mookerjee once again. And I would like to thank all the -- all those present here 
for their patience and for their interest in your company. I can only close by saying that there 
has been action packed here, action packed half year, and we are strictly following what our 
strategies and tactical plans are. We are -- and that's what is giving us certain results. 
So I think what we are doing is that -- we have a very structured plan. We are not doing anything 
which is -- which suddenly whimsically comes to our mind and we are following that path. And 
we continue to do that to add more and more value to our shareholders in the future to come. 
And I would be very happy to share our plans wherever anyone wants can call me or our team. 
And also, I would also welcome if anyone would like to come and see our facilities either here 
or in Texmaco West. So we are -- we have transformed ourselves to a pan-India player. We have 
transformed ourselves to be a player where we would be in a stronger mind with stronger product 
offerings, offerings which others can't do it. 
And also, we are getting future ready, not only in the freight car, but also the freight car 
component business. And of course, we are looking outside the freight car, but I think, as I said, 
that will gradually come. 
So with these few words, I would like to offer our seasons greetings and happy Diwali to all of 
you. And I would expect that even better time to come when we meet next time. Thank you very 
much. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
August 14, 2024 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Sudipta Mukherjee: 
Happy Diwali to all of you. 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
Thank you, and happy Diwali. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
