 
 
 
Registered Office: 1002, Dev Corpora, Cadbury Junction,
E: sales@neogenchem.com
T: +91 22 2549 7300
Eastern Express Highway, Thane (W) 400 601, India.
W: www.neogenchem.com
F: +91 22 2549 7399
CIN No. L24200MH1989PLC050919
 
 
 
November 21, 2024 
 
BSE Limited
Department of Corporate Services 
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Kala Ghoda, Fort, Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code No: 542665 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Listing Department, Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Company Symbol: NEOGEN 
 
Sub.: Q2FY25 - Earnings Conference Call Transcript.  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
With reference to the captioned subject, please find enclosed herewith the Earnings Call 
Transcript of the Company’s Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call held on November 13, 2024. 
 
The 
transcript 
is 
also 
being 
uploaded 
on 
the 
company’s 
website 
at 
https://neogenchem.com/financial-performance/. 
 
 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Neogen Chemicals Limited 
 
 
 
________________ 
Unnati Kanani 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A35131 
 
Enclosure: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UNNATI 
RAJESH 
KANANI
Digitally signed by 
UNNATI RAJESH 
KANANI 
Date: 2024.11.21 
15:15:17 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
Neogen Chemicals Limited 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 13, 2024 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Neogen Chemicals Limited’s Q2 
FY25 Earnings Conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on your touch-tone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishid Solanki from CDR India. Thank you 
and over to you, Mr. Solanki. 
Nishid Solanki: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Neogen Chemicals’ Q2 FY25 
Earnings Call for analysts and investors. Today, we are joined by senior members 
of the management team including Dr. Harin Kanani – Managing Director, Mr. 
Anurag Surana – Director and Mr. Gopikrishnan Sarathy – Chief Financial Officer. 
We will commence the call with opening thoughts from the management team, post 
which we shall open the forum for Q&A where the management will be addressing 
queries of the participants. 
Before we commence, I would like to share the standard disclaimer. Certain 
statements made or discussed on the conference call today may be forward-looking. 
The actual results may vary from these forward-looking statements. A detailed 
disclaimer in this regard is available in Neogen Chemicals’ Q2 FY25 earnings 
presentation, which has been uploaded on the stock exchange websites. I would 
now like to invite Dr. Harin Kanani to share his perspectives. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Thank you, Nishid and thank you all participants for joining us for our 2nd Quarter 
Earnings Call. Seasons greeting to everyone. Hope you had a joyous Diwali with 
your family. Wishing everyone a very Happy and Prosperous New Year. 
As you know, we have appointed Mr. Gopikrishnan Sarathy as the Chief Financial 
Officer of Neogen Chemicals. We welcome him to the new role and wish him the 
best. I will be sharing my views on performance and strategy while, Mr. Gopikrishnan 
will take you through the financial highlights. 
Neogen Chemicals achieved a robust performance during the period under review, 
demonstrating resilience and strong execution. This came amidst a challenging 

 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
market landscape characterized by weak demand, oversupply situation, geopolitical 
tensions and inflation which impacted industry's pricing power as well as profitability. 
Neogen’s performance was driven by volume gains registered in the base business 
with additional contributions from BuLi Chemicals and Neogen Ionics. This 
achievement is a reflection of our team's commitment to excellence, their ability to 
innovate and adapt to changing circumstances to deliver results. 
I will now present a concise summary of the key financial figures for Q2 FY25 on a 
consolidated basis. Our revenues grew by 20% YoY to Rs. 193 crore while EBITDA 
came in at Rs. 35 crore, an increase of 33% YoY. This translated to EBITDA margins 
of 17.9%, an increase of 180 basis points. Profit after tax stood at Rs. 11 crore, 
representing an increase of 30% YoY. As informed, Mr. Gopikrishnan will share more 
insights on the financial performance. 
Now, shifting your focus to the segmental performance, in Q2 FY25 organic 
chemicals’ revenues reported a growth of 34%, while inorganic chemicals’ revenues 
declined 24%, mainly due to lower lithium prices. Both bromine and lithium raw 
material prices experienced a steep decline during the period under review as 
compared to the same period in the previous year. Adjusting for this fall, the organic 
revenue would have been higher at about Rs. 186 crore in Q2 FY25, while the 
inorganic revenues would have been higher at Rs. 55 crore during the same period. 
I will now provide an update on our expansion activities: 
1. New capacity of 400 MTPA for manufacturing lithium electrolytes, salts and 
additives: We have already commissioned the first 200 MTPA and initial approval of 
the material that we have shipped to the customers has already been received and 
the volumes in this area will start growing in Q3 and Q4. For the remaining 200 
MTPA, trial production and optimization of the processes are currently ongoing. We 
have already had some customer site visits who have approved the facility, but 
further, more rigorous approval process is currently ongoing. 
 
2. Plant for manufacturing the 2,000 MT of electrolyte at Dahej facility: We are 
implementing phased commissioning strategy here and in the first phase, 200 MT 
has already started with which we now have approved more than four customers at 
the commercial level. In Q3 and Q4, as our customers ramp up their cell production 
volumes, we expect our electrolyte volumes also to get ramped up. Both these will 
be fully online and get approved before the end of the current financial year. 
 
3. By closely collaborating with our customers, we have jointly developed and 
exchanged multiple recipes of electrolytes with different lithium salt combinations. In 
the process, we have also gained valuable insights on the technological capabilities 
and market trends. We are committed to maintaining stringent quality standards and 
adhering to strict safety protocols. The positive feedback from our customers 
validates our commitment to delivering high quality and efficient products. Our 
business development team has been actively engaged with domestic and 
international customers, hosting them for onsite inspections and approval visits. 
 
4. About the Greenfield battery material facility using MUIS technology, with the 
financial closure secured, we have already initiated construction, and the project is 

 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
progressing as planned. We have started civil construction at the site and our 
partner, Mitsubishi, has started the plant construction at their end. So, both are 
meeting the targeted deadlines. We have a dedicated team in place to expedite the 
completion of the project. Several large battery manufacturers are expected to start 
operations soon and we are progressing with long-term contract discussions. We 
are phasing the commissioning of this facility in FY26 as per our original plan. 
There is still a strong demand for the non-Chinese products, coupled with ongoing 
discussions and MOUs that we have, which basically secures the international salt 
business expected from this site. 
We believe India's expanding EV industry presents a significant opportunity for the 
electrolyte markets. The work which Neogen has done both, domestically as well as 
internationally, we are seeing a lot more interest coming both from local as well as 
international customers. And as the country strives to achieve its EV adoption goals, 
the demand for high quality, locally sourced electrolyte is expected to surge. With 
the work we have done in last two years, we are in the right position to take care of 
this demand. Consequently, we are committed to making long-term investment to 
secure our future growth and success. 
Our growth strategy is focused on scaling up our organic and inorganic chemical 
business. Also, we are seeing good progress in our CSM business. Of course, we 
are waiting for improvement on the agro demand for this business to develop further. 
Navigating the current global economic landscape, Neogen Chemicals is 
demonstrating resilience, embracing innovation and staying focused on delivering 
value to our stakeholders. 
That concludes my opening remark. I would now request our CFO, Mr. Gopikrishnan 
Sarathy to share the financial highlights for the period under review. 
G. Sarathy: 
Thank you, Dr. Harin. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Q2 FY25 Earnings 
Call. I am delighted to be part of Neogen Chemicals family and look forward to 
contributing to its future success. 
As stated by Dr. Harin, I will take you through the financial highlights. Please note 
these are all on a consolidated basis and the comparison is on Y-o-Y basis.  
In Q2 FY25, our revenue increased by 20% to Rs. 193 crore, driven by higher 
volumes in core business along with incremental contribution from BuLi Chemicals 
and Neogen Ionics. Organic chemicals (business) witnessed 34% revenue growth 
YoY at Rs. 164 crore, while inorganic chemicals (business) revenue declined by 24% 
to Rs. 29 crore. The revenue for both could have been higher but for the decline in 
the raw material prices during the quarter.  
EBITDA rose by 33% to Rs. 35 crore, led by higher plant throughput as well as better 
operational efficiencies. EBITDA margin remained healthy at 17.9% even in this 
weak pricing environment and the startup related cost at Neogen Ionics.  
Profit after tax came at Rs. 11 crore, an increase of 38% year-on-year. This was in 
line with strong operational performance. The increased capital expenditure in 
battery chemical segment is expected to result in higher depreciation and interest 
cost going forward.  
 
 

 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
The domestic and export mix during the quarter stood at 74% and 26%, respectively. 
That concludes my initial remark. I will now request the moderator to open the forum 
for Q&A Session. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin with the Q&A session. The first question is from the line of Abhijit 
Akella from Kotak Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
So, first, with regard to the CAPEX numbers for the first half, in the consolidated cash 
flow statement, I think we can see a number of about Rs. 140 crore odd. How much 
of this would have been towards the battery chemicals segment and what should we 
expect on a full year basis for CAPEX for the overall consol company? Is it tracking 
in line with the timeline given that we have to spend Rs. 1,500 crore may be in less 
than a year now to commission the Mitsubishi plant? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes, the CAPEX that you see is mostly for battery materials and while Rs. 150 crore 
is in the first half of it, totally I think we have spent around Rs. 350 to Rs. 400 crore 
in the battery material space, out of Rs. 1,500. Some of this was already sitting on 
Neogen's balance sheet, which was then transferred. So, therefore when you are 
looking at a consol number that transfer you do not see. But in the battery material 
space overall, we have already invested around Rs. 350 odd crore to Rs. 400 crore. 
We feel we should end the year somewhere around Rs. 700 – Rs. 750 crore CAPEX 
of the total Rs. 1,500 crore which we are targeting this year and then the balance 
would come in next year. Also, the way we are constructing it, Mitsubishi is 
constructing the main plant, so that sets kind of as an advance and they have already 
started construction on their end, and then the entire plant will be built there and then 
transferred together. So, that is going to be a big chunk which will come in the next 
financial year once that plant is ready. But from our side, the investment on that is 
already progressing. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Also, on the subsidiary revenue breakdown for this quarter, would it be possible to 
just split it out between Neogen Ionics and BuLi Chem if possible? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Broadly speaking, I would not like to give a specific number because these are one 
product kind of companies. But when it comes to what you see, the total difference, 
I would say the Neogen Ionics is still in single digit crore and the balance is basically 
from BuLi Chem. But we have seen significant improvement in BuLi Chem. Q1 and 
Q2 from a battery material point of view has been more or less similar - single digit 
crore. 
Abhijit Akella: 
And just one question with regard to the environment in the US now. I believe the 
Trump administration had indicated plans to revoke the Inflation Reduction Act if it 
came to power. How do you see the risk over there in this scenario? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
What we have seen and what our experience has been when we have talked to the 
customers. Of course, the discussions with the customers were before the election 
results, but there was always this possibility, and we had heard about it. The 
feedback which the customers have given is ‘look, even if IRA is there or no, we still 
need this, especially in the electrolyte salt business because just to have a second 
backup, because 95% of it coming from China is something which we are not 
comfortable with. They continue to take the view that are you the best source outside 
China? This is one question. Then the second question which they have seen is that 
like I said, if they look at last four years, with the formula pricing which we have, they 

 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 
would still have been better off than buying in the spot market from China. So, these 
are the two decisions.  
Separately, they have also commented that so much amount of investment also 
which has happened related to IRA driven investments and that too in so many states 
where there is a very strong support for Trump, that they feel it is going to be very 
difficult to completely unwind IRA. There might be a few variations or changes 
around that, but mostly they feel there will be some form of IRA with some 
modifications still continuing. This is the view from our customers, but so far as our 
investment is concerned, they said, 'Harin, don't stop. We need more’, and they even 
encourage us to think of some other molecules. So, anything which doesn't require 
a presence in the US, they are telling ‘Neogen, please consider these options.’. So, 
their interest remains and is still very high. Recently, we had visits from them and 
during their visits also they were satisfied with the progress we are making and given 
us more confidence to challenge ourselves to do even more than what we have 
currently planned. 
Abhijit Akella: 
From the perspective of the second half of this year, with the salt volumes ramping 
up, I am not sure how the traction with regard to the commissioning of battery 
capacity is going from large guys, like Ola and Exide; but in the context of whatever 
you see, do you still believe that Rs. 100 or Rs. 150 crore of battery chemical revenue 
is possible for this year FY25? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
No.  For battery chemicals, we had guided for this current year around Rs. 75 crore 
to Rs. 100 crore range. And what we still feel - again it depends a little bit on the 
electrolyte ramp up - but what we see is somewhere, let us say between Rs. 50 crore 
to Rs. 75 crore. I will be honest.  The first six months, the approvals have taken 
longer time for the new site, especially for some of the salts. So, based on that today 
what I am looking at is the best for this particular year for battery would be 
somewhere around Rs. 50 crore to Rs. 75 crore. But next year or the year after, I 
don't see any change. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nilesh Ghuge from HDFC Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Dr. Harin, you mentioned that the volume growth was very robust in your core 
business. My estimate suggests that it is close to about 50% Y-o-Y basis. So, can 
you tell me which category of products has shown such high growth - is it in advanced 
intermediates or lithium derivatives, bromine derivatives or in CSM? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
For us, when you are comparing, we have seen good growth in lithium derivatives 
because if you see the corrected numbers, we have seen almost a 30% - 40% 
increase on the lithium side. Of course, you are not seeing it just because the lithium 
prices are one-third and even our consequent per metric ton prices are less than 
half. We have shared in slide 20 of our presentation what the number would have 
been if the prices would remain the same.  
In case of organic, the main contributor is going to be the BuLi Chem because we 
were just starting with our BuLi Chem plant at that time and now we are almost 
running at full capacity. So, those have been the main drivers. In our organic 
production, right now, the major improvements that we have seen is the non-agro 
CSM and also the bromine derivatives. We have a few bromine derivatives which 
were used in a molecule, which was getting approved by the innovators. If you 

 
Page 6 of 17 
 
 
remember, when we did our Dahej site expansion, we said we had signed one long 
term contract, a five-year contract with a pharma customer to whom we are going to 
be supplying bromine derivatives? As the molecule gets more approvals, the 
demand will also grow. So, I think that business is improving quite a bit. I think 
bromine derivatives is doing a good job. In terms of non-agro CSM, we had a target 
to reach around 20% CSM, but in the last two quarters we are already at 15-18%. 
We want to reach 20% by next year, but we are already at 15-18% in spite of a lower 
demand from agro. The agro demand not being there, the CSM that we have done 
(is) for semiconductor (business) or what we are doing for our flavors and fragrance 
and some specialty polymer and other specialty materials. Fine chemicals have also 
done well; lithium salts have done well.  
Advanced intermediates, which we basically sell in the market, that is still the area 
and agro is the other area where in advanced intermediates, the Chinese 
competition and slightly lower demand in bulk API is still something which we need 
to improve upon. The agro CSM has not picked up this year, although we are doing 
several projects which we had done last year and now the customers will start 
planning their 2025, especially the Japan customers. They start their planning from 
October onwards. So, by January we will have Japanese agro chemical demand. 
That will give us an idea about how that CSM is going to work out. We will get clarity 
on that. And the advanced intermediates is another area where we still need to work. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
As you mentioned that BuLi Chemicals has already reached its peak utilization. So, 
the benefit out of that, as we have the entire chain of bromine right from lithium 
derivatives to extraction of lithium technology. Are we getting benefit out of that?  
These salts regeneration of lithium and getting lithium back? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. We have already started recycling the lithium, which was being given out 
externally and that is helping us increase some of the lithium volumes. Some of the 
businesses where we used to have the price pressure because we are able to do 
this recycle, we have been able to increase volume even though the lithium prices 
are depressed. So, I think that benefit is coming. You are not seeing it fully, like I 
said, because of the depressed lithium prices, but otherwise, that is something which 
is already helping us. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
The second question is on the margin. We can see more than 200 bps improvement 
in EBITDA margin if I compare that with the last year. Is it largely because of 
correction in product prices or is there an increase in absolute level per Kg EBITDA 
for the products? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
I think it is largely driven by this price fluctuations. Last time it was a bit lower, 
because lithium prices were on the higher side. On an absolute the margin was okay, 
but per metric ton, I mean the percentage EBITDA was looking a little bit lower. Now, 
lithium prices have also corrected. Last one or two quarters, even after lithium price 
correction, there was a lot of Chinese pressure and utilization levels were lower. So, 
as you know, last two quarters BuLi Chemicals has been making profits. That is 
something which is basically helping us and overall, those were the drags. Even now 
the battery is still not broken-even. We are just into few single digit crore as I 
mentioned and the expenses are still there with the production and everything going 
on. So, I think we will still see improvement in the margins as you see better utilization 
levels. But largely it is just lithium price corrections which are giving you percentage 
improvement in the margins. 

 
Page 7 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the Arun from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Arun: 
Dr. Harin, the first question is on the working capital performance during this first 
half. We have seen moderate improvement in the working capital. Can you just 
indicate, is it seasonal or is it a permanent reduction? How we can expect this 
working capital to further reduce over the next couple of quarters? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
We had already targeted that by the next financial year we wanted to reach around 
130 - 140 days of net working capital on a net sales days basis. And what we are 
doing right now is, we said, we had done maximum investment that was needed for 
working capital, in terms of inventory, in terms of debtors and we needed to work 
very hard to improve upon that. So, I think that trend has already started, and we 
would like to maintain that. Again, every quarter because we are still ramping up in 
a very variable kind of scenario’s, we are seeing improvement in our demand 
especially on the pharma side and sometimes they are also coming very suddenly. 
So, we have to continuously keep shifting and adapting ourselves. But I think this 
will all stabilize and we continue to maintain what we had said that by the end of the 
next financial year when we have full utilization levels, we have Rs. 1,000 crore, our 
working capital will stabilize and go back to historical Rs. 120 - Rs. 140 crore and 
beyond that Rs. 1,000 crore when we go is when you will start seeing improvement 
over that because then we will have more mature molecules or CSM business will 
have stabilized. So, we can expect working capital improvement beyond that in 
FY26/FY27. 
Arun: 
When we ramp up battery chemicals, should we expect a similar kind of working 
capital days from that segment so that means that will drag certain working capital 
on an overall basis? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Right from the beginning, what we expect that battery business is a very different 
business in the sense that we have fewer customers, we have fewer products, we 
have fewer raw materials, they are dedicated plants. That is where we can basically 
engage in working capital very well. The only variable there would be that some of 
the customers are very large and they would want longer payment terms. But what 
we are hoping is that with such large customers we should be able to get factoring 
or invoice discounting or some kind of financial arrangement. So, again this is going 
to be Gopi's expertise area that we are going to depend upon. Even if our customers 
want a long credit, we can maintain our working capital cycle with a good financial 
arrangement. But at least from an inventory point of view, what we can say is that 
we can contribute and we can control 75 to 90 days and hopefully reach a situation 
where debtors and creditors basically balance each other out. Our target is a 90 days 
kind of working capital cycle against 120 to 140 in Neogen's base business. We 
target around 90 days for the battery business. Again, we are just starting with this 
business, but this is what we feel we can achieve. 
Arun: 
Secondly, you said that BuLi Chemicals is already near full utilization. Any chance 
that with the capacities fungible with the other facilities that we have and we can 
make BuLi Chemicals products given that it seems to be in demand. Can we utilize 
some of our other facilities and manufacture BuLi Chemicals related products there 
or we will need to put some kind of a Brownfield expansion there? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
BuLi Chem is a very dedicated and a special plant. Because of its hazardous nature, 
it is very unique. So, unfortunately it is not fungible. The good news, however, is that 
we can increase capacity at that site. We have a capacity to grow up to five times. 

 
Page 8 of 17 
 
 
We have already applied for environment clearance and have already received 
Centre’s approval on that. Now, we are working at the state level approval and 
fortunately, with a very small CAPEX, 2x capacity increase, we can do because this 
site had maintained the same capacity over a long period of time and they had done 
some cycle time improvements and debottlenecking over time. So, around 50% to 
100% increase in the capacity can happen as soon as we get the environment 
clearance and the necessary permissions for the increase. And then we would have 
to do a Brownfield to go from 2x to 5x. That is still a further view, but I think up to 2x 
that we are trying to secure and now that we have got the Center’s approval, if we 
get the state approval, in the next three months or so, if we are able to do that, then 
for the next year we would have almost a 2x capacity available. 
Arun: 
If you go up to this 2X kind of approval, would you revise your guidance of Rs. 1,000 
crore revenue potential for the base business, and if yes, what would be the 
indicative figure for that? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
For BuLi Chem, depending on the lithium price, as we had indicated, the revenue 
will be somewhere between Rs. 50 to Rs. 100 crore on that X capacity. 2x would 
also be Rs. 100 to Rs. 200 crore kind of revenue potential depending on the price of 
lithium. With the way the price of lithium is moving, it is going to be closer to Rs. 100 
– Rs.125 even at the 2x capacity. So, it is not going to change significantly. That 
1,000 at the max would change to 1,050, but with all the other things happening in 
the agro world, etc., I would like to keep that Rs. 50 crore as my buffer and I would 
like to still maintain Rs. 1,000 crore. Let us first get the environment clearance, let 
us see how the agro recovery is and then we will see next year if we need to revise 
our projection on the base business. Also, as you might have seen earlier, we had 
requested for merging BuLi Chemicals with Neogen Chemicals. So that applications 
are also going online and most likely by the end of the current financial year, we 
expect BuLi Chemicals to become part of Neogen, because it is similar to the base 
business. That is why we wanted it to be part of Neogen. Then we would have just 
two entities - Neogen and Neogen Ionics. Most likely in the next financial year it will 
become a part of our standalone results. 
Arun: 
Finally, on the battery chemicals, you said in your opening remarks that a few of your 
customers are going to start the plant. This is in which geography? And also what 
kind of a battery capacity that the customer is putting up on aggregate level, how 
many GW hours? That will be very helpful sir. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Basically, what I meant is that the electrolyte business for India, which is basically all 
the battery plants which are coming up in India. As we know, Ola has already started 
production and they are ramping up as well as few other smaller battery makers with 
100 MwH, 50 MwH, 250 MwH, they are also starting and they are ramping up and 
then of course Exide and Amara Raja would be targeted at some sort of start and a 
ramp up in the next financial year. So, what I meant was our electrolyte ramp up is 
basically based upon Ola, Exide, Amara Raja and other battery makers who are 
planning how that capacity is coming on line. So, that is mentioned. The salt business 
that we are doing internationally, the capacities are existing there. The capacities 
are running together into hundreds of GwH kind of levels. The only question is that 
of shifting from Chinese source to Neogen as a source. So, that is the shift which 
needs to happen. As our capacities get approved like I mentioned in my call, some 
of the basic infrastructure, the quality system, these things are approved, but in 

 
Page 9 of 17 
 
 
battery there is a more rigorous system where once your process is completely 
optimized, that is when they will come and do an audit where it is a parallel audit. 
You are doing all the production in front of them. That rigorous audit is something 
which is pending for a few of the clients and once that happens, then the volumes 
will start ramping up there. 
Arun: 
And post rigorous audit that you are talking about, after that, again, there will be a  
few more months for us to get the first contract or is it like…how does this process 
happen? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
The contracts are already in place with some of them. What is remaining is the PO. 
So, the contract is there, the pricing, the volume, everything is decided. Once you 
clear all those audits then the POs start flowing and that is when you start doing the 
shipment. So, from the audits to shipping, shipping time will not be too long. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Periwal: 
First, on your comment on the plant inspection that we have been seeing. One, is it 
for the electrolyte from the domestic players or largely from the salt manufacturers 
globally wherein you were commenting on the extended rigorous audit? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Each company has its own, but yes, both have the same procedures. 
Ankur Periwal: 
But from procedural or ramp up perspective, are we closer to seeing a ramp up or 
product approvals on the salt side and how has been your status of discussion with 
the domestic players for electrolytes in terms of plant approval and other things? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
I think electrolyte side also, with the four customers which we mentioned we work 
with, some of them have already taken trials, they have used our electrolyte in their 
cell manufacturing facility, and some have seen satisfactory performance. Now they 
are ready to place bigger volume orders. So, there the main bottleneck is all the 
approvals, whatever they need from our side, we are more or less ready. There are 
some comments or improvements which the customers have requested, which we 
have overcome and we are doing the improvement like we do in any pharma audit 
also. So, it is a very similar level. There, the main challenge is that they are also 
increasing their cell-manufacturing capacity because all the smaller ones, the bigger 
ones, they are just right now in the trial production phase. So, as their trial production 
becomes regular production, our electrolyte volumes go higher. 
Ankur Periwal: 
And you also commented on the new recipes and the new learnings that you had 
while working on these trials with the customers. What exactly, if you can 
substantiate that? Are these learnings more on the larger number of recipes that you 
could have done or is it a new salt or more efficiencies? Your thoughts? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Basically, earlier we were focusing on how we make electrolyte of the best quality, 
so the process of manufacturing. Now, as we work with more and more customers 
with different kinds of cell designs, we are getting a deeper understanding into that 
(as to) for a certain cell design which electrolyte becomes better. Again, here also 
we have a collaboration with Mitsubishi. When a customer wants, we can bring in 
Mitsubishi also together and then Mitsubishi, Neogen and the customer together help 
design the electrolyte for the customer. Some of the customers have already 
completed their first-generation cells and now they are working on the second 
generation and the third generation cells. So, that is where we are now being a part, 
right from the beginning to help them design. What the electrolyte should look like 
which will give them the best performance especially in India kind of a scenario where 

 
Page 10 of 17 
 
 
India is a high temperature region. So, some of the electrolyte designs have to be 
optimized for India and in the beginning, everybody is basically trying to make 
whatever their technology partners were making, except for a few who design their 
own. But like in the next generation, people want to design their own unique 
electrolytes, and we are basically partnering with them to basically help them develop 
those electrolytes. So, that is the learning that you had. If you have this kind of a 
cathode, you have this kind of a binder which is the additive which works better or 
does not, if you want to improve charging what kind of electrolyte additive can help 
you, but it will create the other problem. So, depending on what the customer wants, 
how we can optimize. And again, we also have Mitsubishi help here. So, with some 
of the customers we are working together and designing together these electrolytes. 
Ankur Periwal: 
On CSM side, you did mention a target of 20% for the next year and we are already 
at probably 15-17%. Given that agrochemical is still sort of slightly subdued here and 
you mentioned you have got good traction from other sectors. Can this growth be 
slightly more front-ended or maybe the ramp up in this business could be sharper? 
And secondly from the capacity perspective, where are we in terms of ramping up 
this business to may not be 120, maybe even higher number from a growth 
perspective? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Sure. When I am 17-18%, that is like a run rate of around Rs. 100 – Rs. 200 crore. 
So, when we are at 1,000, first of all that becomes 250 and that itself is like a 25% 
growth. You still have to grow this business by 25% and then also another to catch 
up on that 2% to 5%, you would need still another 30-35% increase over what we 
are doing today just to meet our target next financial year. I think we have already a 
capacity for that and I think we have shared earlier that we feel once we reach the 
full utilization level, with some debottlenecking, this site itself, our existing capacities 
can give us still 15-20% more with better utilization of all the assets. So, we might 
have to do some debottlenecking CAPEX kind of thing, but we feel FY26, we can be 
at that Rs. 1,000 crore and FY27, the base business can bring somewhere around 
Rs. 1,150 – Rs. 1,200 crore kind of revenue. We will give you a more exact number 
next year. But this is what we can target and we will see.  
Right now the way I am seeing it, till we see the light at how the advanced 
intermediates in the generics space plays out, we want to just basically say okay, 
our better CSM numbers are just a backup for advanced intermediates, because 
from chemistry point of view those advanced intermediates which are the multi-stage 
chemistry and the CSM which is also a multi-stage chemistry that basically is fungible 
like reactive capacities is what we are basically using there. So, we will use it as a 
backup. But what I feel is that with the slowness of the agro and for us also to 
understand the semiconductor and utilize our capacities fully, if we are in a position 
where we have too much of capacity, too much of demand and less capacity, we 
would also like to optimize our product mix slightly for better margin or better working 
capital cycle.  
So up to FY27 unless something dramatic comes, my view is that I want to focus 
more on stabilizing this business, making it more efficient from margins, working 
capital, product mix points of view, and then FY28-29 is where all the work which we 
have done on this, will basically allow us to the kind of rapid growth we are seeing in 
battery. I don't know the same level, but like the long-term view of the CSM to have 
single customer who can give you significant hundreds of crores kind of revenue of 

 
Page 11 of 17 
 
 
business. So that is something I am looking at the ramp up happening from FY28 
onwards. And by that time we feel battery also would have stabilized. So, from 
bandwidth point of view, from a cash allocation point of view, we see the rapid growth 
in the battery in FY25-26-27 and this is the time when we stabilize our base business 
like BuLi Chemicals gets completely utilized even hopefully the 2x capacity, the 
synergies of that start playing out and based on that with the agro, pharma and the 
other industries like semiconductors, aroma, CSM will see where we are adding most 
value and then we use that particular customer or that particular industry as a focus 
for further growth in the base business beyond FY27. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Just if you could remind us, FY26 our target was 20% CSM share. What was the 
same number for FY27? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
FY27 we have not. Like I said, we have so far said only Rs. 1,000 crore for FY26. 
For FY27, it is just debottlenecking to becoming Rs. 1,150 to Rs. 1,200 crore using 
the same capacity is what we are targeting. Right now, let us just keep 20% as the 
target. The main CSM push or significant move will happen when we set up specific 
plan for a specific molecule. Once your single molecule is Rs. 150 crore - Rs. 200 
crore, you can have a plant, one single plant which is doing only one or two 
molecules kind of an MPV. Right now, our one single plant is doing 30 products, 40 
products. So, we want to basically move on to Rs.100 crore plus kind of molecules 
beyond FY27. So, that is what will basically drive the CSM growth beyond that. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Just two book-keeping questions, if I may. One is on the pricing of lithium and 
bromine. While year-on-year, obviously there is a decline, even on a QoQ front, there 
is a further dip, or are prices largely stable now? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Mostly stable. I think bromine has started firming up a bit. Lithium is, I would say (has 
been moving) within that one month, half a dollar, less half one dollar, one dollar 
more. Just in that noise level, but no strategic shift or change in lithium. What we 
know is, this is historically low. A lot of lithium miners are consolidating or deciding 
their strategies going forward. What we are seeing is worldwide overall GwH, even 
after some of the slowdowns and some of the closures, are still growing significantly. 
So, I would say, again you will see some lithium price correction in the next two 
financial years. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Lastly, for this quarter in our standalone financials, the other overheads have sort of 
dipped by 10% odd. We were largely stable in that range for the last probably three 
quarters, but this quarter there is a dip. Anything specific to read in there? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
I am sorry I have not looked very closely into that. But other than some product mix, 
I cannot think of any specific reason for that. Let me just look at a little bit more 
closely and maybe in future calls, if there is a specific reason beyond… sometimes 
there are some provisions which you had kept, and those provisions are adjusted or 
some reasons beyond that. If there is something, I will let you know. But otherwise 
most likely in my view, it is just some of the provisions which we had kept were on a 
higher side, which were corrected or some of the expenses between Neogen 
Chemicals, Neogen Ionics and BuLi Chemicals are now a little bit more accurately 
bifurcated because they have some common facilities. So, other than that, there 
should not be any major reason. 
 
 

 
Page 12 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Jason Soans from IDBI Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jason Soans: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand, I mean, we did talk about the business, but I mean 
really, what has been happening here is the pricing side of it still remains weak. But 
considering that also just wanted to understand, I mean I understand that there has 
been some discussion, but we are still sticking to that base business guidance of 
around Rs. 9.5 to Rs.10 billion by FY26? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes, Rs. 950 to Rs.1000 crore. We are sticking to that. 
Jason Soans: 
In terms of the realizations, we have spoken about the realization for salts to be 
around $28 to $35 per Kg and electrolytes around $8 to $9. I understand that coming 
from a non-Chinese perspective, always have negotiation going on compared to the 
Chinese pricing and so on. Just wanted to understand, I mean of course also looking 
at the exports market, electrolytes, domestic, so how are the negotiations going on 
in terms of benchmarks for Chinese pricing? Just wanted to understand that, 
because clearly that will move the needle a lot. So, just wanted to understand how 
are those negotiations playing out? 
Dr. Harin Kanani:  
First of all, the negotiations when we are having with the customer, we are basically 
saying, look, lithium prices are going to fluctuate and that is something which we 
cannot control. So, the numbers you said were like closer to stable lithium price what 
we are expecting between $20 to $25. Right now, that price is almost less than half 
of that. On top of that, you have other raw materials which also contribute in 
electrolyte, which are at their historical low. So, the topline remains maybe numbers 
would change, but both me and my customer are more concerned with what is 
Neogen's cost of production, our contribution, our ROCE. So, I am basically 
protecting my ROCE and the customer is also more concerned with Neogen's overall 
operating costs. So, negotiations are around that. In fact, the customers work in two 
ways. If they are talking to four guys they say okay, this is the lithium price, what 
would be your price. You tell me that. Or they would say okay, other than lithium, 
what is your contribution? And the feedback that you constantly received is that 
outside China, either they say you are the lowest or you are the second lowest. So, 
that is why all the customers keep talking to us and even the contracts that we have 
already entered into.  
 
So, as I explained in some of my previous answers, we already have contracts in 
place. Once the approvals come through, based on that contracts, the POs will start 
flowing. So, in this also the margins have been optimized and even I said some of 
the recent customer visits also I checked that okay, this was something six months 
ago, is that still the case. So yes, still, that is the case where they feel that for the 
salts where we had entered into contract, we are still the number one or number two 
lowest outside of China. So, that is what basically they are focusing on. With Indian 
customers, we have not yet entered into long term contract. But for a reference 
check, customers can tell us, okay, this is the price in China, but electrolyte is 
something that everybody acknowledges, that ideally you want to make it locally. 
There are a few companies in the world who have tried internationally for smaller 
volumes, but when you get into larger volume, it is just too complicated. So, basically, 
they are looking and we being very fair that we do not want to take a very 
extraordinary margin just because they want local, etc., because we know ultimately 
they also have to compete in the international market with the Chinese cell prices. 
So, we have been very fair, and we are basically targeting to protect our 20% ROCE, 

 
Page 13 of 17 
 
 
which we feel something like the risk that we are taking is what we deserve. So far, 
again, we have not entered into any long-term contracts, but the smaller volume 
businesses, we are trying to close at around this price. But again, we will have a 
better answer on this once we enter into any long-term contracts for the electrolyte, 
which is so far not there. But so far, we have not received a very strong pushback 
on when we have given our conversion price at a 20% ROCE. 
Jason Soans: 
But clearly there will be probably a downside to those realizations which I mentioned.  
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes, but again by the time the plant starts, if lithium is back, it could be higher also, 
it could be lower also, right? The selling revenue will depend upon input cost, but the 
ROCE that we are targeting or the absolute EBITDA that we are targeting, that 
remains unaffected. 
Jason Soans: 
And I just wanted to also understand, you did mention that battery chemicals revenue 
for FY25, you expected around Rs. 50 crore to Rs. 75 crore. For FY26 would you 
want to probably give any guidance as such, for battery chemicals revenue? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. We had shared in the past that the capacity that the 400 ton and 2000 metric 
ton which we feel will be fully approved in the current financial year. So that itself can 
give us around Rs. 250 crore of revenue. So, that was the bare minimum with which 
we would start with. On top of that we are increasing our salt capacity from 400 MT 
to 2,500 MT. So, those capacities will come online and in the second-half those 
capacity also will get approved. So, we would have something additional coming 
from there and our Pakhajan unit also is expected to come in the second-half of next 
financial year. So, in FY26, we said Rs. 250 crore is base plus additional revenue 
from the increased capacity and plus Pakhajan maybe last quarter depending on 
how long the trials and approvals happen. So, that is why we have said it could be 
somewhere around Rs. 400 crore to Rs. 500 crore. A more precise number we can 
give, but it will be at least that much is what we feel. And then once we have more 
visibility on these approvals of the additional facility as well as more visibility on 
electrolyte ramp up in India is when we can give you more precise number if it can 
be more. But my sense is at least Rs. 400 crore to Rs. 500 crore and then maybe 
more. 
Jason Soans: 
Sir just wanted to understand one last thing. We were looking into Rs. 15 billion 
CAPEX and last time you said for the debt component you have tied up around I 
think Rs. 9 billion with SBI and the remaining Rs. 1.52 billion was under discussion. 
So, has it been tied up or we are still under discussion? Could you give an update 
on the debt status, basically the loan process. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. So, what we need for Pakhajan is fully tied up and on top of that, what we need 
for Dahej where we are increasing the capacity. Partially that has already been tied 
up and remaining is in the final stages. Let us say another close to Rs. 1 billion is 
almost tied up and remaining is in the final stages of discussion. We had to also 
undergo rating independently for Neogen Ionics, so that process is getting completed 
and post that in this quarter we are expecting to close that. But we are not stopping 
work for that. We are also putting our own money to make sure that there is no delay 
there. The work will continue there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagaraj from Centrum Broking 
Limited. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 14 of 17 
 
 
Rohit Nagaraj: 
So, first question, probably a naive question. In terms of the electrolyte recipes that 
we are giving to the battery manufacturers. Generally, the battery manufacturer will 
have a single vendor for such recipes or there will be multiple vendors and if there 
are multiple vendors then would it be generally that the top vendor will get maximum 
share, and it goes down reducing for the second or third vendor? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
No. Generally what happens is in case of battery historically what we have seen is 
many battery companies like to work with a single vendor. Some battery companies 
work with two vendors. But when they work with two vendors, what they do is that if 
they have 4 different cell types one vendor is giving them two or three cell type and 
another vendor is giving them one cell type. So, usually they divide it on a cell type 
basis. Normally it is very rare that for the same cell as I am just saying hypothetically 
that if there is electrolyte maker which is making…GM has three car models and 
Ford has 3. So, he is making electrolytes or batteries for them. So, he is making six 
different kinds of batteries. And in that six different kind of battery, let us say in three 
or four batteries he is using one particular electrolyte maker and for another two, he 
might use another. So, when they try to work with multiple, they generally try to work 
that for one single model design, they would basically work with one electrolyte 
maker. Then maybe they have a second-generation cell or third-generation, or a 
different application cell, they might use a second. But normally for one specific, they 
do not usually do multiple vendors. 
Rohit Nagaraj: 
So, just an allied question to that. When we are approaching the battery 
manufacturers domestically or internationally, they are probably giving us the 
opportunity for the newly developed batteries or the existing ones. I mean particularly 
in case of say international markets where they already have the manufacturing in 
place. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Electrolyte is only domestic market. So, Neogen’s focus for electrolyte is only 
domestic, whereas electrolyte salt is international. The recipes come into play only 
for the electrolyte which we are offering in the Indian market. And as you know in 
Indian market, almost everybody has their own new design, either their own design 
cells or some technology collaboration through which they will be getting. So, that is 
basically the India case. So, it is broadly for the new cell production which they are 
starting. 
Rohit Nagaraj: 
And second, again coming back to lithium prices and bromine prices. Given that the 
pricing remains at the same level and even if there is fluctuation, you mentioned from 
the battery perspective our per kg margins or the ROCE threshold will not change. 
Will it be the same situation even for the base business because we have seen that 
in certain time zone the prices are up or down, there is an impact on absolute EBITDA 
or the EBITDA margins. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
No. Historically when lithium prices went crazy high and then crazy low, our absolute 
EBITDA was more or less protected except for one or two quarters. The percentage 
looked lower when lithium prices were very high, but from absolute EBITDA point of 
view, I do not think we had an issue. Sometimes we had an issue when there was 
very strong price correction, especially in the case of lithium there was one quarter 
where there was a very strong price reduction and customers were holding back and 
then ultimately specially when we had taken over BuLi Chemicals, and we had 
imported expecting a very high demand with a new business and then it sharply 
corrected. So, that is where we had to take an inventory hit. But otherwise in lithium, 

 
Page 15 of 17 
 
 
we are very mindful that we are controlling…have a back-to-back POs so that we 
can maintain absolute margins. Historically other than BuLi Chemicals, we have not 
seen inventory hit which we had to take, and we were able to protect absolute 
EBITDA. Of course, a little bit what we have pressure on absolute EBITDA is in our 
advanced intermediates and bromine derivatives with Chinese competition. They are 
giving very low price so in the international business also, sometimes we have to 
correct these prices to match where we have a Chinese competition and in domestic 
also advanced intermediates, we have to match that. And that is what we are 
basically doing over long term - looking at how it plays out. Otherwise, as we said, 
once we reach Rs. 1,000 crore full utilization, when we are increasing capacity, we 
can also try to optimize the product mix and the business which have more stable 
margins or more predictable margins and better working capital cycles. 
Rohit Nagaraj: 
Just last one clarification on the guidance. FY26 base business guidance, Rs. 950 
crore to Rs. 1,000 crore. For the Battery Materials, Rs. 400 crore to Rs. 500 crore. 
Does it include BuLi Chemicals as well? And if you can just spell out for FY27 also, 
what could be the guidance for base as well as the battery materials? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Rs. 950 crore to Rs.1,000 crore includes BuLi Chem. Battery chemical as I said,             
Rs. 400 crore to Rs. 500 crore is a possibility. I would not call it guidance. Give us 
some more time for that to happen. But we see a very strong possibility of at least 
doing that and better and FY27, yes, our target would be to look at if we can achieve 
revenue of around Rs. 1,150 to Rs. 1,200 crore in the base business. And like when 
I say base business, BuLi Chem will include like I said, it is going to merge and 
become a part of Neogen. And as a business, I see it similar to the organic business 
that we have in Neogen. So, it will be that and that would be for FY27. And again, 
battery with the variability that you have, it is too early to tell you or give guidance for 
FY27. But it should be above Rs. 1,000 crore though how much above is something 
we will have to figure out depending on how the electrolyte business is developing 
and how the salt market is playing out. This is just a view, but a clearer guidance we 
can give you only in the next financial year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. We will take the last question from the 
line of Pallavi Deshpande from Sameeksha Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
In your earlier remarks, you alluded to the Indian player being competitive globally 
and the cell manufacturing part and that you want to support them by charging just 
a normal ROCE 20%. How long do you see for them to be globally competitive? Can 
they really be globally competitive, given that CATL is working on has a 20,000 R&D 
team and they are looking at using AI to get the next generation of battery materials? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. There are two ways, either they get knowledge by partnership or they are 
generating their own knowledge. And frankly speaking, what I see is Indian battery 
people last 2-3 years were catching up. Once we catch up then we can really 
innovate. Whatever I have worked with, I am very happy and I even feel proud that 
some of the battery development and the expertise that we have in India is really 
good. Some of the Indians are also international and some of them are even willing 
to come back to India at even very senior levels to help India basically catch up on 
the world. So, after we have caught up, we will innovate. Also, in case of India most 
of the companies if you see also have a very strong captive consumption. For 
example, companies like Ola, they have their own captive consumption or Tata who 
has announced they will have their own captive consumption. I personally feel that 

 
Page 16 of 17 
 
 
there is going to be…and similar like Lucas TVS or JSW. So, many of these are not 
trying to sell the batteries and make majority of the revenue by competing 
internationally. There will be localization and here the performance also will matter a 
lot.  
 
We can also improve performance specific to India and nobody is going to work 
specific to India other than Indians, right? So, that is where what we are working is 
that, hey! India has high temperature, which cell performance will work best in India. 
So, let us basically try and develop that and then once you have the performance, 
then you create more value out of it. So, it is not just the cost of manufacturing or the 
scale. So, I think yes, India can be competitive. In fact, some of the people I have 
worked with in Japan, many of them feel that outside China, the best potential place 
to make cells globally on a long-term basis is India because like China, we have the 
local demand also, which can be significantly high. We have the skill set, we have 
the manpower, we have the expertise, and we have the land. Many of us doubt that 
can India make cells competitive? But the international people are looking at India 
as the next best base to manufacture cells long term once we have caught up with 
the world and once, we have the initial start. So, this is the view, and I strongly believe 
that.  
Of course, we are not just part of India, so we are also taking care of international 
requirements. We are also into international supply chain as well as Indian supply 
chain. That also gives us a lot of good insights. Just recently in our last Board 
Presentation I was summarizing companies with which Neogen is working. So, we 
have worked with now in different forms more than 30-35 companies in India which 
have either plan to make cells or are planning to make cells at different scales and 
we have worked with more than 40-45 companies internationally in different aspects 
of battery material supply chain. So, I think last 4-5 years, being one of the early 
adopters in India has given us the option to both play very strongly with Indian 
customers who are interested as well as international customers. Now whatever 
work we have done in the last 2-3 years, we have to basically achieve the results 
from that in the coming three to five years. And that is just the beginning. What we 
are talking 3-5 years, 30 GW hour is what we are currently targeting in electrolyte. 
That is peanuts of 3,000 GW hour that the world is going to be. So, I think there is 
still a lot of room for growth for India as well as companies which are in the battery 
material supply chain. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
And the second was on this the partnership because a lot of them are working with 
partners. So, Ola here is going on its own. The Mitsubishi partnership does that 
benefit Mitsubishi or how are they managing, I just need your thoughts there. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
I didn't get your question clearly 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
How fair a chance to compete with somebody like an Exide and Hyundai partnership 
and how does it play overall? And like you mentioned, the capacity will be such that 
they will need to export around 50% is what they can use themselves, given the size 
of capacities that they are putting up. So, they will have to compete globally very 
soon, I guess we just wanted to understand your thoughts around with the 
competitive dynamics in India. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
I think in your question, there are two parts. One is getting technology from outside 
better or making your own technology? Both have their pluses and minuses. When 
you get technology from outside, you are getting many years of their experience. 

 
Page 17 of 17 
 
 
When you do your own, you create your knowledge. And I think most of the Indian 
companies which basically tied up with outside, they have also developed their own 
R&D. So, even if you look at Neogen, I mean we knew 85-90% of the stuff but we 
tied up with Mitsubishi to get the remaining 15% catch up so that we have the most 
efficient technology available with us. So, that is basically the combination but if you 
look at the scale of investment with somebody like Ola did for R&D, it is much higher 
than as a percentage of revenue or as an absolute number also. So, I think those 
are both approaches which can basically work together, but ultimately we will have 
to catch up with the world.  
There are different ways of catching up with the world. One is to spend a lot of money 
on R&D on your own. Second is to tie up with someone and do your own R&D and 
then over a period of time, you internalize that knowledge, then you build on that. 
So, I think we have all taken, depending on the time at which we started, different 
approaches to gain knowledge and catch up and then build on that.  
And again, when you look at internationally, one fact remains that the whole world is 
going to say, hey! the whole world cannot depend on China for cells. So, just as what 
we said for electrolytes salt, they are also going to say outside China, who is the 
person who can give me the lowest cost cells. So, the main question is, one you can 
say can you compete against China. And the second question again outside China, 
can you be the best source and then over a period of time what is the gap between 
China and you. Is it a 10% gap, is it 25% gap, it is 50% gap?  Even today in the US, 
there are 25% duties or if we see even in Europe in EVs, I think 40%, 50% kind of 
duties. So, if your gap is within that, then you have a right to play and I do not think 
we will be so bad because again lithium prices are almost similar for a Chinese 
company or an Indian company. Nickel, cobalt, whatever materials costs are quite 
similar. So, as we grow our scale becomes 10s of giga and 100s of giga will narrow 
the gap with the Chinese quite a bit where India will be seen as a viable option. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. We will take that as the last question. 
I will now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Thank you everyone for joining the call. I hope we were able to address your queries. 
If you have any further questions, please feel free to reach out to our Investor 
Relations team, and we will address them. Thank you once again and we look 
forward to connecting with you again in the next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Neogen Chemicals Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank 
you. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. Although an effort has been made 
to ensure a high level of accuracy, the Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors. 
