 
       
 
Ref: Akums/Exchange/2024-25/39 
 
 
 
 
             November 15, 2024 
To,  
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E),Mumbai – 400 051  
Symbol: AKUMS 
To, 
The Listing Department  
BSE Limited  
Rotunda Building, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy 
Towers,  Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 
400 001  
 
Scrip Code: 544222  
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings/Analysts Conference Call held for limited reviewed un-
audited financial results of Q2 FY25. 
 
Respected Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
obligation and Disclosure Requirements) 2015, please find enclosed herewith the 
transcript of earnings/analysts conference call held on Monday, November 11, 2024 at 
12:00 PM (IST) on limited reviewed un-audited financial results of Q2 FY25. 
The 
said 
transcript 
be 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
https://www.akums.in/investors_new/announcement/  
This is for your kind information and record. 
Thanking You 
For Akums Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
Dharamvir Malik 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
Dharam
vir Malik
Digitally signed 
by Dharamvir 
Malik 
Date: 2024.11.15 
17:15:31 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Akums Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Limited 2QFY25 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJEEV JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR  
MR. SANDEEP JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. AMRUT MEDHEKAR – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER; CDMO 
MR. SUMEET SOOD – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. SAHIL MAHESHWARI – GENERAL MANAGER; 
STRATEGY 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRASHANT NAIR – AMBIT CAPITAL 

 
Akums Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Management: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to 2QFY25 Earnings Conference Call of Akums 
Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Limited hosted by Ambit Capital. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Prashant Nair from Ambit Capital. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Prashant Nair: 
Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Ambit Capital, I welcome you to the 2QFY25 Earnings 
Call of Akums Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Limited. 
We have the following members of the Management Team on the conference with us today Mr. 
Sanjeev Jain – Managing Director, Mr. Sandeep Jain – Managing Director, Mr. Amrut Medhekar 
– Chief Executive Officer; CDMO, Mr. Sumeet Sood – Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Sahil 
Maheshwari – General Manager; Strategy. 
I would now like to hand over the call to Management for “Opening Remarks” for which we can 
move to Q&A. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
Thanks a lot Prashant for the introduction. Hello everyone and welcome to our Q2 Earnings call, 
I am Sahil. 
Let me draw your attention to the fact that on this call our discussion might include certain 
forward-looking statements which are predictions or projections of the future events. Our 
business faces several risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to defer 
materially from what is expressed or implied in such statements. Akums does not undertake any 
obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new 
confirmation, future events or otherwise. 
I hope everyone has gone through the investor presentation and the results which we share on 
our websites. I would now like to hand it over to Sandeep sir to take over. 
Sandeep Jain: 
Namaskar to everybody, thank you Sahil ji. Happy Diwali to everybody. 
We take pleasure in declaring the Q2 Results of the company and thank all the stakeholders and 
shareholders for their continued support to the company. 

 
Akums Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
We are the largest India-focused Pharmaceutical CDMO with over 30% market share. Our 
company caters to over 1,500 clients both Indian and MNC Pharma companies with whom we 
have long-standing relations. Today 26 out of top 30 Pharma companies in India are our partners. 
Our total consolidated revenue in Q2 was Rs. 1,047 crore which is 2% higher on Q-on-Q basis 
however, 12% lower on Y-o-Y basis which is due to a combination of 3 factors.  
 
Muted demand resulting in lower volume growth. 
 
Prices of several key API's including Amoxicillin, Cephalosporins, Paracetamol, 
Telmisartan etc., continues to fall. As you are aware, our CDMO business is a cost-
plus model, so when input costs fall, we experience revenue deflation as well.  
 
Falling API prices have another secondary impact. It affects order frequency because 
customer wait for API prices to bottom up before building up inventory.  
 
The continued fall in API prices of Cephalosporins has also impacted our revenues 
and profitability of API business.  
 
Thirdly, we had some significantly higher revenues from an outsourced product 
development engaged in Q2 of the prior year.  
All these impacted our adjusted EBITDA margin which is down to 12.9% versus 15.8% in the 
prior year. Our adjusted PAT margin expanded to 6.4% versus 5.2% in the prior year.  
Despite this ongoing volatility, we continue to see strong long-term demand for outsourced drug 
development and manufacturing. We will continue to invest in building world-class capabilities 
to help our clients launch new formulations and therapies and support them in their enhanced 
growth and transformation. We continue to make robust investment in R&D to drive new 
product development. 
Our R&D spend was Rs. 64 crore for the half year reflecting a robust pipeline of new 
Pharmaceutical, Nutraceutical and Cosmeceutical formulations that will drive our growth in the 
future. We received 10 DCGI and 86 FSSAI approvals in H1 of the current fiscal. 
We are happy to announce that during the quarter we received a patent for our formulation room-
stable Hydroxyurea oral suspension. This is a break-through formulation aimed at managing 
Sickle Cell disease which has a high disease burden especially in geographies like India and 
Africa.  
Akums has been granted an exclusive right for further development manufacture and market the 
products innovated by Triple Hair Inc. Canada for the India market. Akums will undertake 
development, obtain regulatory approvals and commercialize this product in India. The product 
is a topical solution targeting alopecia and hair loss. 

 
Akums Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
We are also actively investing in API R&D to develop robust global pipeline of API with cost-
efficient processes. We have over 80 scientists in API R&D and have invested Rs. 7 crore in H1 
25. In API R&D, Rs. 30 crore has been invested till date. Similarly, we continue to invest in 
building production capability to support our future growth. In H1 we spent around Rs. 150 crore 
in CAPEX. 
In Q2 we started commercial production at our new injectable facility in Haridwar. The facility 
has operational ampoule and SVP FFS line and we plan to start and vial and lyophilized vials in 
Q3. Further in Q4, LVP FFS will also be operational. Akums was one of the early entrants in 
CDMO injectable markets in India and the new facility will further boost our ability to tap 
growth in the injectable market in India. 
We have completed the land acquisition for our Jammu plants and civil works is expected to 
begin shortly. Commercial production from these facilities will begin in ‘26-27.  
Our focus on export markets continues. Let me share some of the development on that front as 
well: 
 
Till date we have filed 2 dossiers in Europe to leverage our European GMP plants. We 
are building a pipeline with products which have high unmet needs and with limited 
competition targeting European markets. 
 
Akums has entered into MoU with Ministry of Heath, Government of Zambia to setup 
a joint venture to manufacture pharmaceuticals in Zambia. The pharma market in 
Zambia is worth over Rs. 2,500 crore, with more than half being managed through 
Government purchase only. Akums and Zambian Government will jointly invest in 
setting up manufacturing facility in Zambia to cater to local Zambian pharmaceutical 
needs.  
 
We are also focusing actively on formulation exports as one of our key growth driver 
in the future. We have fairly diverse formulations across multiple regions and 
therapeutic categories. We today export to over 60 countries including South East 
Asia, South Asia, Eastern and Western Africa, CIS and have recently started in Middle 
Eastern market as well. Our export portfolio ranges from Oral Solid to style 
formulation across acute and chronic therapies with total dossiers files at 367. 
 
In our API business also, we are taking progressive steps in increasing export to drive 
better product realization. In H1 25, around 9% of our API sale was from exports, 
primarily to Asian countries. We also plan to file CEPs in European market soon. We 
expect to file at least 2 CEPs in H2 and also undergo European EDQM order this fiscal. 
Looking ahead we expect demand trends in the second half to be largely similar to the first half. 
There could be some upside potential if we see some improvement in API prices and uptake in 
industry volumes, but that remains to be seen. 

 
Akums Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
With that let me hand over to Mr. Sumeet Sood, our CFO, for the Financials. 
Sumeet Sood: 
Sandeepji thank you very much. I come to the financials. As Sandeep ji mentioned, the 
performance for the second half and first half looks similar. I think the quarterly result also if 
you look at the quarterly result, they also look similar. 
If you look at the total consolidated income, we were at a Rs. 1,047 crore. This was 2% higher 
than the last quarter, but it was 12% lower than year-on-year basis. 
Our consolidated EBITDA was Rs. 135 crore this is 3% higher than Q1, but 28% lower year-
on-year basis. Sandeepji did mention one large product development income which came in 
which was for the last year and not this period, so that is one reason and if we exclude that 
income, we would have seen a 15% EBITDA growth on a year-on-year basis. 
Consolidated EBITDA margin was at 12.9% in Q2, similar to Q1 which was 12.7%. However, 
the Q2 last year saw almost 15.8% EBITDA margins. 
Gross margins on consolidated basis in Q2 were at 42.3% similar to Q1, but higher than Q2 last 
year which was 40.6%. The consolidated PAT saw an improvement to Rs. 67 crore from Rs. 57 
crore in Q1.  
If we were to break the segment-wise revenue, CDMO remains our driving force with almost 
79% of the revenue share in Q2, followed by branded and generic with a 16% and API business 
adding to 5% of the revenue. 
Our CDMO business margins are at 15.4%. The branded and the generic EBITDA margins are 
similar at 10.3% in both the quarters Q1 and Q2, which is higher from the Q2 last year which 
was around 4.5%. The continued profitability is due to our efforts to reshape our formulation 
portfolio in favor of branded products which are driving high profitability. 
The API revenue showed a marginal improvement of Rs. 4 crore and for 6 months increased by 
Rs. 36 crore. The continued softening of API prices had an impact on the margins of API 
business wherein the margins for the quarter were Rs. (-) 14 crore and Rs. (-) 26 crore for 6 
months. 
The cash flows for the company, the net cash flow if we look at there is a cash surplus of Rs. 
341 crore the IPO proceeds have also come in. Large part of the IPO proceeds till November has 
been drawn on. Cash flow from operations for H1 September 24 was Rs. 71 crore positive and 
the free cash flow post investment activities was Rs. (-) 65 crore. The company’s long-term 
rating sort of improved, we got AA Stable from ICRA on long-term basis and the short-term 
rating continues to be A1+ as in that is from our side.  

 
Akums Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
We are happy to take questions on the company and the performance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Sir could you please quantify on the one-off income what you had in the last year same quarter? 
And what is the part of the CDMO revenue? 
Sumeet Sood: 
Last half yearly we had a significantly higher income of Rs. 82 crore in the CDMO business, 
from a product we had to develop for a particular customer, which we did. Now if you look at 
the 6 months numbers, Abdul, so you will see our EBITDA is Rs 265 crore while it was Rs 295 
crore for 6 months last year. While that was a huge income which came in which was not here 
in this particular period, but we have still maintained the company’s EBITDA pretty well. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Sir could you share some highlights about the export orders both for formulations and API, how 
do we see the traction getting built in that particular space? 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
On the export side, as we said we continue to gain traction. We are expanding our portfolio from 
OSD to injectable. We have also filed couple of dossiers in Europe. We have multiple others in 
pipeline. We have few of our plants as well which will soon taking the European approvals, so 
the idea is to go stronger and deeper in markets that we currently are in, which is South-East 
Asia, Africa and South Asia and build a robust pipeline and presence in Middle East markets as 
well as the European markets, so that is there. As we said we are expanding not just to 
distributors we are also recruiting people so that we build a brand recall in these markets of 
prominence, so that is there. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Sir, for the European formulation business would that be a backward-integrated project that is 
your current API sites would utilized for the API for this formulation product? 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
No, Abdul. API as we said largely we have Cephlosporin. Lalru has limited general API as of 
now. So this is forward integrated in a way you can say that the European operations is largely 
we supply formulation from our CDMO business, so that is forward integrated. I would not 
really call it as a backward with an API. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Next on the new injectable site at Haridwar, so I understand you would be commissioning that 
in phases till the end of this fiscal, but any color you would like to provide us to what are the 
products you are getting in manufacturing here? And in terms of your existing site what is the 
overlap with your previous manufacturing units as on? 
Sandeep Jain: 
Under this we have 4 dossiers forms, 2 out of which we have already started one is ampoule and 
one is FFS ampoule, and we are going to start Lyophilization and Vial and later on we will start 

 
Akums Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
LVP. Apart from Lyophilization, we already have rest of the other facilities in our other plants, 
as it was running around its capacity, so from expansions point of view we have announced the 
glass ampoules capacity, announced the FFS ampoules capacity, Lyophilization is a new 
addition which is going to happen soon and we already have 2 LVP lines and we are installing 
one more line whose capacity is fully occupied. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Final question, the Sickle Cell product, so congratulations on this patent. When do we see the 
commercial revenue building up from this product? And will this be your own product or this is 
a contract manufacturing opportunity? 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
We have both of the opportunities. First this is a business for government because there are many 
patients within India and worldwide and the present therapy for the same item, which is not 
room-temperature stable, its cost is too high. Our cost is around 1% to 2% of the total cost. Under 
Indian government approval system, we have already gotten approvals as per regulatory system, 
but because it is a new item category, the government has not included in its main program, so 
that is moving on that process. As soon as it is included in the government’s program, then from 
that we will get governments business.  
In domestic business, domestic players will take some quantity from us which is under process 
which I think will also start coming soon as soon as our governments price is approved.  
Export business also has a future and there is more scope in African countries and in most of the 
Asian countries. There, the process of product registration of any item is very long, but the 
government has started some processes to shorten it and a few of them have already started 
buying some minimal quantity for testing purpose from us, so we hope in future that business 
will be created for us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the lines of Ashish Shreeram Thavkar from JM Financials. 
Please go ahead. 
Ashish Shreeram Thavkar: Sir I had this question on our export business like you spoke about Zambia, the Europe and 
dossiers that you guys have filed in. When do you see the real commercial benefits flowing in 
from whatever investments we are making into export markets? 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
European business, we likely see within couple of fiscals. We have already filed and these take 
approximately 2 years to finally get the approval. These are prescription-oriented products, so 
these will slowly and steadily build volumes as well. In Zambia, we have recently entered into 
the MoU. Once finalized we will start setting up the facility which will take anywhere between 
18 months to 24 months. This will have a quick ramp up compared to the European because it 
is essentially a government procurement which will enable us to supply the essential medicines 
in Zambia, so that is there.  

 
Akums Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
Apart from this, we continue to file dossiers in the South-East Asia and the African markets, the 
Middle East markets as well. Our current business is largely propelled by these geographies. We 
still have almost 350 dossiers in the pipeline. We gained significant approvals in the first half as 
well, 80 plus approvals. So that is, Ashish, the focus area. 
Ashish Shreeram Thavkar: Since you said the second half would be largely similar to first half, not expecting any positive 
surprises. But then, with whatever initiatives you have and your current engagements with your 
clients, how do you see FY26 panning out? Obviously, investors are looking at this business as 
a proxy to the IPM, so if you could make any comments on how do you see FY26 spanning out 
and can we return to mid double digit or mid teen kind of EBITDA margins in next fiscal? 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
So, Ashish, couple of points. Sandeep sir also mentioned which looks a drag on the financials 
currently one is as it is a cost-plus model, the API prices have an impact. An update on to it is 
while we saw the API prices softening in Q3, most of the intermediates of the KSM have started 
showing some solidification. So, either in Q3 or Q4, I expect the API prices will at least average 
or normalize. So, this will have a positive impact on our revenue cycle.  
And as for industry volumes, while the Q1 was strong on volumes, as I said, the continued fall 
in the API prices and the stocking which happened in the Q1 resulted in H1 volumes being 
largely flattish, which is similar to the industry. So, if the industry volumes and the new launches 
pick up, I feel that FY26 should be moving on those lines essentially. 
Ashish Shreeram Thavkar: So, by any chance, are you guys losing market share on the volume side? 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
Ashish, we have not done an updated calculation on that front, but that is not the case, I think. If 
you really compare to the industry, we are performing just like the industry, so that should not 
be a case of loss in the market share. Additionally, as I said we have couple of plants which 
recently got commissioned, the injectable facility as well as the Baddi facility and happy to 
announce also the Penem facility has successful client audit as well, so with these utilizations in 
the capacity we should have an increase in volume going forward in FY26. 
Ashish Shreeram Thavkar: Sir lastly on this API EBITDA loss, internally are we still on track of making this business 
EBITDA breakeven by quarter 4 of FY25 or you feel those timelines could get shifted ahead? 
Sumeet Sood: 
Ashish this is Sumeet. I think the API prices softening has not helped the cost, so to answer you 
very directly I don’t think that in the Q4 this will turn around, or it would not be EBITDA 
positive. I think we will have to give it 6 months from here and we will revisit our business plans 
starting April. In the short term, over the next 3 months to 6 months, honestly speaking we don’t 
see that this is going to turn EBITDA positive. 

 
Akums Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
Ashish Shreeram Thavkar: Sir at least on whatever corrective or because you were trying to setup your own SOP at 
Parabolic drugs, so all those activities are over or they are still going on? 
Sandeep Jain: 
Those activities are complete now. There is nothing from Parabolic, now it is an entity of Akums 
Pure and Cure and we have complete control over it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant Nair from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Prashant Nair: 
First question is on the CDMO business. If I remember, in the first quarter you had good volume 
growth I think double digit growth. Your prices dropped but volumes were growing. Can you 
share what was the volume growth in Q2 and would you have had volume growth in the second 
quarter if you adjust for the one-time contract you had in the previous year, or have volumes 
dropped even after adjusting for that? 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
Yes, we did not experience the volume growth. We had a volume decline of roughly 11% this 
quarter. 
Prashant Nair: 
This is on the full base or is after adjusting for the one-time contract we just called out last year? 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
This is volume. That was R&D, so that had no commercial supplies. 
Prashant Nair: 
Sir what is driving this drop in your view? While IPM growth has been sluggish, there should 
be some growth in volume. So, is this timing or is there any other factors which you can call out 
led to lower volume? 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
So, Prashant if you really observe Q1 saw limited volume growth, but we had it, so CDMOs are 
1 months or 2 months advance of the industry. While Q2 saw a positive volume growth we had 
that in Q1. While we are still better of limited to the industry, so that is the cycle it is there, so I 
don’t see it is a challenge of us not be able to grab volumes, it is an industry cycle. Based on 
what we see as we said H1 was positive on the volume front, so when we say H2 will be similar 
to H1 we still see that the overall volume will be up compared to H1 just compared to the 
previous Q2 we had dip in volumes. 
Prashant Nair: 
Secondly on API pricing issue which impacts your value sales in CDMO when did it start? 
Sometime towards the end of last financial year, or is it a kind of a first quarter onwards issue? 
I am just trying to figure out when the base will normalize? 
Sanjeev Jain: 
If you see the API prices are falling continuously, but because of the global scenario in that the 
main cases like we talked regarding Amoxicillin under which Pen G API or Cephalosporin and 
China has the fear that in India Pen-G is going to be made, first thing and besides this number 

 
Akums Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
of chemical based API besides formulation Indian manufacturers have improved their efficiency 
like prices of Telmisartan was less than half percent than of the last years prices, so due to the 
number of API prices falling our sale volume will be the same, but its sales appears to be less 
than its value and I think that some numbers are already in the bottom line that it is difficult to 
go under this, so gradually it will become little stable or become little high. Regarding our 
volume growth point I don’t think that in any circumstances we are going to lose our market 
share. We are built for and ready to grab as much volume as possible and we are working in that 
direction and we are very much confident that our volume share will increase and will increase 
as we want. 
Prashant Nair: 
One last question from my side. On the market sale side in your formulation business trade 
generic how much more adjustment is needed or how much more time would it take to normalize 
that business get it to a stage where you want to predict? 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
So, Prashant, as we have also discussed last time we significantly scaled down this business 
because it was operating at a very low margins and hence to better utilize that cash we invested 
into exports for example in filing of dossiers. So, it is on track for now. I think H2 we should be 
able to bring it at a monthly positive level that H1 had limited loss I think the bleed is largely 
because as we are scaling that down we have to get rid of some of the prior inventory, so largely 
this is the story for this fiscal only. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gautam Gosar from Monarch AIF. Please go 
ahead. 
Gautam Gosar: 
Sir my first question is on the trade-generic business as the last participant mentioned, sir if you 
could quantify how much was the trade generic volume during the quarter? And how much was 
the loss on that? 
Sumeet Sood: 
The way we have presented our financial this is based on the segment reporting, but the segments 
are put together, so we don’t disclose that separately. But as Sahil mentioned, there is a very 
nominal impact. It would be on a monthly basis less than Rs. 1 crore on an EBITDA basis which 
these businesses would be doing.  
So, while we are constrained to give you numbers only based on the segments that we have, we 
can assure you, as Sahil said, that the numbers for the trade-generic businesses are looking good 
now. 
Gautam Gosar: 
Secondly on the CDMO business since you have seen a volume decline was 11% and if we see 
the industry the players were showing a positive volume growth on their side as well as in the 
CDMO business, so sir if you could quantify like what is the reason for the decline versus other 
players and are we losing market share in this? 

 
Akums Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
Amrut Medhekar: 
This is Amrut Medhekar. As Sahil said earlier, we CDMOs operate at least 2 months to 3 months 
ahead of the market, so typically the difference between the 2 quarters behavior comparing 
directly with IPM may not be prudent. It will be easier for us to look at what is happening now 
will possibly be seen or recorded in the IPM history in the coming times. Number 2, there is also 
mix of products which we sell vis-à-vis the other CDMOs, so to say that what is the product mix 
impact, we will have to analyze in terms of how other CDMO are placed in terms of their basket 
vis-à-vis us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the lines of Ashish Shreeram Thavkar from JM Financial 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Shreeram Thavkar: Sir just had one question on this government’s notification on MSMEs although wherein they 
have to up their compliance levels, up their quality standards. Is there an opportunity there? And 
by what timeline do you see some discussions can get into commercial discussions there? 
Sandeep Jain: 
See in the Indian scenario although the date is till 8th January, but the government has not 
confirmed yet how it will behave, so our wish is each and every company of our country should 
follow the system which is under Indian law and grow. Right now, there is no view from 
government side that it will take any action on governments date or not. In India there are 
approximately 10,000 MSME companies which are suffering if government sticks to their 
stance. On commercial impact, we don’t want any company in the country to be closed for 
violating the law. Whichever company is compliant, then their business will increase. 
Ashish Thavkar: 
There was an article in media that government has given time till December, that is why I asked 
this question? 
Sandeep Jain: 
Absolutely correct. I think government has given time till 8th January because they have given a 
time of 12 months from 8th January and there is not a big difference from December, but they 
have not yet followed this system with the expectation that the government may extend the time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to the management. 
Sahil Maheshwari: 
As a company we are the largest contract manufacturing company of the country and as said 
earlier we are continuously trying to go globally in dossier and we are upgrading our plants, 
more plants in Europe and we have collaboration with different type of government also and 
partners also.  
We are very much sure that our volume growth and pipeline of our products that we have that 
will not only maintain our level but is also helping to take us to the next level and we are working 
on it.  

 
Akums Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
Just as we are at the number one position in India, globally also in many countries we will be in 
number one position also. Apart from that, the work which we are doing in new therapies will 
also help us.  
Our next generation is also fully aligned on how to improve our processes and system to take 
the business to the next level, so it can contribute towards the future. We have over 16,000 
employees and 400 scientists who are deployed in R&D. We are making full efforts to add new 
products to our pipeline and to grow our business.  
Setting aside quarter-on-quarter numbers, if we look at the growth of the organization then we 
can see that the company is moving towards a better future, and all our stakeholders including 
investors will benefit from this. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you on behalf of Ambit Capital. That concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: This does not purport to be a verbatim account of the earnings call. It has been edited for readability and statements made in Hindi 
have been translated to English.  
