 
 
06th November, 2024 
 
 
BSE Limited                                                                   National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Services                                  Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers                      
               Exchange Plaza 
Dalal Street                                                                      Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai 400 001                                                             Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: 500575                                                         NSE Symbol: VOLTAS                                            
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Financial Results Conference Call  
 
Dear Sirs, 
         
We enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of the Q2 FY25 Results Conference Call held on    30th October, 
2024. The same is also available on the Company’s website at: https://www.voltas.in/images/Investor/schedule-
announcements/download/TranscriptQ2FY25ResultsConferenceCall.pdf 
 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Voltas Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ratnesh Rukhariyar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl: as above 
RATNESH 
PRASAD 
RUKHARIYA
R
Digitally signed 
by RATNESH 
PRASAD 
RUKHARIYAR 
Date: 2024.11.06 
21:54:41 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Voltas Limited Q2 FY-25 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRADEEP BAKSHI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. JITENDER VERMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. NIKHIL R. CHANDARANA –HEAD CORPORATE 
FINANCE 
MR. VAIBHAV VORA – HEAD TREASURY 
MODERATOR: 
MS. BHOOMIKA NAIR – DAM CAPITAL ADVISORS 
LIMITED 

 
Voltas Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Voltas Limited Conference Call hosted by 
DAM Capital Advisors. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing the “*” then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Bhoomika Nair from DAM Capital Advisors Limited. 
Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Good afternoon everyone and a warm welcome on behalf of DAM Capital to the Voltas Limited 
2Q FY25 Earnings Call. 
We have the Management today being represented by Mr. Pradeep Bakshi – Managing Director 
and CEO; Mr. Jitender Verma – Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Nikhil R. Chandarana – Head 
(Corporate Finance); and Mr. Vaibhav Vora – Head, Treasury. 
At this point, I will hand over the floor to the Management for the “Initial Remarks”, post which 
we will open up the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Jitender Verma: 
Hi, this is Jitender Verma. I will be taking a few minutes to give you Analysis of Results and 
then we will take the questions and answer along with our MD and CEO – Mr. Pradeep Bakshi, 
who is also on the call. 
So, as you are all aware that global growth remains resilient, despite the sluggish outlook for the 
Eurozone and China. Stronger than expected growth in the United States among advanced 
economies along with robust performance in India within developing economies is sustaining 
overall growth momentum. However, uncertainties stemming from disruptions in production 
and shipping, geopolitical conflicts and extreme weather events. Upcoming US elections may 
influence the global economy in the near term. Domestically, the economy is projected to grow 
between 6.5% and 7% in FY25. Rural demand is improving, driven by high FMCG sales, while 
urban consumer sentiment appears to be softening. The recent surge in inflation can be attributed 
to a temporary spike in vegetable prices. However, core inflation remains within a comfortable 
range and several food items such as pulses have declined in price due to government initiatives. 
In the current quarter considering underlying global and domestic factors, The Reserve Bank of 
India has shifted its stance to “Neutral”, focusing on inflation targets while supporting growth. 
Nevertheless, inflation projections may face headwinds from renewed volatility in commodity 
prices, particularly due to fiscal stimulus in China which could impact the RBIs inflation targets 
and potential rate cuts.  
Voltas has delivered another remarkable quarter. Two quarters ago, the company achieved the 
milestone of selling 2 million air conditioners within a 12-month span. Impressively, this 

 
Voltas Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
achievement was reached in just eight months during this calendar year, 2024 highlighting strong 
market demand for the company's products and a year-to-date growth of 52% at this time. During 
the traditionally lean monsoon season in the current quarter, Voltas reported a 15% growth 
compared to the same quarter last year. Despite a higher base, the Unitary Cooling Products 
Division continued to outperform the market, maintaining its growth momentum with an overall 
volume increase of 56% over the previous six-month period.  
For the six months ending September 30, 2024, the company achieved a 33% increase in 
consolidated total income reaching Rs.7,726 crores up from Rs.5,794 crores in the same period 
last year. Profit before tax surged by 128% climbing to Rs.657 crores compared to Rs.288 crores 
previously. Net profit after tax also experienced significant growth reaching Rs.468 crores up 
from Rs.165 crores in the corresponding period last year. This marks the highest half yearly 
profit in the company's history. Earnings per share for face value per share of Rs.1, for the six-
month period ended September 30, 2024, was Rs.14.15 compared to Rs.5.02 in the same period 
the previous year.  
In the same quarter, consolidated total income grew by 15% reaching Rs.2725 crores compared 
to Rs.2364 crores in the same quarter last year. Profit before tax surged by 142%, increasing to 
Rs.205 crores from Rs.85 crores. Net profit after tax saw a substantial rise climbing to Rs.133 
crores from Rs.36 crores in the corresponding quarter last year. Earnings per share (face value 
per share of Re. 1) for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, was Rs.4.05 compared to Rs.1.11 
in the same period previous year. 
During the quarter ending September 30, 2024, the Board of Directors approved a long-term 
incentive scheme for 2024 aimed at driving company performance and retaining key talent. This 
scheme which commenced in the Financial Year ‘24-25 would end in the Financial Year ‘26-
27, has resulted in a provision being added to employee benefits of Rs.24 crores for the first six 
months in the current quarter which moderately impacted the bottom line. These actuarial 
valuations will be reassessed periodically.  
Overall, the corporate balance sheet remains healthy. 
A snapshot of our Results for this Quarter and for the Financial Year is already aware to you 
guys. 
Segment-A Unitary Cooling Products: 
The 2nd Quarter typically marks a lean period. The extended heat wave in the Northern regions 
helped sustain the growth momentum in the company's air conditioning business. However, 
persistent rains throughout the country during the quarter slowed industry progress. Despite 
these challenges, the segment performed relatively well reporting revenue growth of 30% 
compared to Q2 FY24 and 44% compared to H1 FY24. All products within the room air 
conditioner category experienced strong demand driven by consumers desire for comfort and 

 
Voltas Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
convenience. Both window and split air conditioners saw robust growth, with demand emerging 
from across the country. The premium segment particularly five star rated products continued to 
thrive, leading to an improved overall sales mix for Voltas. With the new facility operational, 
we aim to enhance sales and service through our extensive distribution network. Leveraging our 
supply chain has enabled us to maintain our leadership position with an exit market share of 21% 
as of September 2024. 
Over the past few quarters, we have consistently strengthened our brand proposition and product 
placement across all channels. During the season our performance in the RAC segment has 
remained strong. We also noted significant volume growth in other cooling products including 
air coolers and commercial refrigeration items.  
The commercial refrigeration industry currently faces headwinds due to a reversal in the capital 
expenditure cycle after two to three years of consistent growth. Products such as chest freezers 
and chest coolers have reported moderate growth. Nonetheless, demand for water coolers and 
dispensers within this category has remained supportive. Thanks to our new plant and the higher 
base from the previous year, commercial refrigeration products showed a healthy performance. 
Our new offerings in cold room and medical refrigeration’s are gaining traction bolstered by a 
solid order book. While revenue growth was commendable challenges in the market stemming 
from reduced capital expenditures by customers have led to a decline in margins during this 
quarter.  
The air cooler and water heater categories continued to outperform achieving substantial growth 
compared to the previous year. Strong sales in the first half coupled with healthy order 
commitments from our channels set the stage for an exciting year. Aggressive initiatives to 
expand our distribution network combined with quality products and favorable climatic 
conditions have helped us establish a robust foothold this season. Our new cooler models were 
well received further fueling growth in this category. Recent reports indicate that our market 
share has grown to 11.1% exit September. Positioning Voltas as the number two brand in 
September 2024. In the water heater segment, partnerships with distributors and sub-dealers 
have also contributed to strong performance.  
The Commercial Air Conditioning (CAC) vertical maintained steady performance during the 
quarter driven by sales of VRF, cassette and ducted ACs. The higher volume of margin product 
sales value engineering initiatives and the current mix of AMC jobs have positively impacted 
our bottom line. 
Consumer centric financing schemes significantly contributed to sales growth this season. 
However, elevated commodity prices and a depreciating USD-INR exchange rate have affected 
profitability. Our investments in BTL advertising have helped keep margins steady aligning with 
our expectations. Simultaneously, various value engineering initiatives and cost control 
measures have contributed to stable margins. 

 
Voltas Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
In summary, Segment revenue grew massively by 45% reaching Rs 5,384 crores up from Rs 
3,723 crores during the same period last year. The segment result increased by 48% amounting 
to 443 crores compared to 300 crores in the corresponding six months of the previous year. For 
the quarter ending September 2024 segment revenue grew by 31% totaling Rs 1,582 crores 
compared to Rs 1, 209 crores in the same quarter last year. The segment result for the quarter 
was Rs 116 crores up from Rs 93 crores in the corresponding quarter last year. 
On the capacity expansion front, we are pleased to report that production at our new factories in 
Chennai and Waghodia is progressing as planned. These facilities provide us with strategic 
advantages in location, enabling us to effectively cater to markets in South and West.  
Segment-B Electro-Mechanical Projects and Services: 
The segment revenue for the quarter was Rs 880 crores compared to Rs 924 crores in the 
previous year corresponding quarter. The segment results for the quarter stood at a positive Rs 
46 crores, a significant improvement from a loss of Rs 49 crores during the same period last 
year. Over the six-month period, segment revenue increased by 14% reaching Rs 1,829 crores 
compared to Rs 1,603 crores in the same time frame last year. The segment result also turned 
positive amounting to Rs 114 crores a substantial turnaround from a loss of Rs 101 crores last 
year. Primarily due to provisions made of receivables. 
During the current quarter, heavy rainfall affected project execution across all verticals leading 
to marginal growth for the business. Delay in job progress and collections from government 
tendered jobs impacted profitability. However, domestic business performance for the six 
months showed improvement. A focus on collection of dues and better working capital 
management has resulted in strong profit growth. The business anticipates a return to normal 
execution levels and aims to achieve its targets and growth by the year end. 
For the domestic project segment, we secured an order of Rs 822 crores with the current order 
book standing at Rs 5,014 crores. In the international projects sector, operations in the UAE and 
Saudi Arabia continued to perform well driving the revenue growth. Strong project execution 
has ensured robust bottom-line performance as well. We have adopted a cautious approach to 
order booking during the quarter as of September 30, 2024, the carry forward order book for 
international business stood at Rs 2,473 crores predominantly in the UAE and Saudi regions. 
The total carry forward on the book for the segment was Rs 7,487 crores as of the same date. 
Segment-C Engineering Products and Services: 
This segment faced certain challenges during the quarter while revenue increased to Rs 308 
crores from Rs 277 crores the previous year. Segment results fell to Rs 84 crores from Rs 108 
crores during the same period last year. For the quarter segment revenue grew by 9% reaching 
Rs 147 crores compared to Rs 134 crores in the corresponding quarter last year. The segment 
result for the quarter was Rs.40 crores down from Rs 54 crores in the previous year. 

 
Voltas Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
The mining and construction vertical showed positive momentum on the top line, ensuring 
continuity in operations and maintenance jobs as well as sales of power screen machines. 
However, revenue mix and challenges in job renewals at a healthy margins limited the ability to 
translate top line growth into EBIT.  
The textile industry faced headwinds due to fluctuations in cotton and yarn exports. 
Consequently, capital expenditure across the sector decreased, leading to reduced utilization 
level for spinners and a corresponding decline in demand and margins for our agency business. 
Despite these challenges, our after sales and post spinning business showed positive 
performance.  
Voltas Beko  
Our joint venture, Voltbek Home Appliances Private Limited, also emerged as a beacon of 
growth, a volume growth of 54% in the first half of the year. This was complemented by a 
significant increase in market share in the refrigerator and washing machine categories year-
over-year. As of YTD September 2024, our market share improved to 7.5% for washing 
machines and 5% for refrigerators.  
The home appliances industry in India experienced steady growth driven by demand for both 
large and small appliances. However, as compared to industry, Voltas Beko poised a strong 
growth by offering an impressive product range to meet consumer needs. The launch of the 
HarvestFresh campaign along with enhanced social media efforts, focus on e-commerce, 
exhibitions and dealer meetings, significantly boosted overall business performance. Improved 
traction from modern trade has further supported this growth. In terms of profitability, increased 
volume has led to a gradual reduction in losses. Voltbek continues to work towards minimizing 
loss per unit, aiming for EBITDA break even in the coming future.  
Voltbek remains committed to enhancing its market presence across various product categories 
through customized market penetration strategies and growth initiatives. These efforts include 
expanding distribution reach, adopting channel specific tactics to enhance market presence in 
key regions and maintaining a strong focus on boosting e-commerce and omni channel 
development. On the cost front localizing production for a larger portion of its product portfolio, 
implementing product efficiencies, value engineering and optimizing the product mix have 
contributed to a positive outlook for the company. 
Outlook 
The period from October to December that is quarter three FY25 for the company is generally a 
lean season for cooling products due to winter. However, the onset of the festive period may 
bring an early surge in demand in part of the quarter. It will be interesting to observe the interplay 
of various factors including inflation. Fluctuations in oil prices, currency behavior and 
geopolitical challenges. The current economic environment is marked by uncertainty and 

 
Voltas Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
volatility. Inflation remains a focal point, influencing future monetary and non-monetary actions 
that will impact overall economic growth and consumer demand in the upcoming quarters. 
Nevertheless, we remain optimistic, given the supportive factors for the businesses we operate 
in. 
Thank you, maybe we can open it for questions. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Nitin Arora from Axis Mutual Funds. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Arora: 
Just as you articulated, market share coming back as you stated in the press release and the 
primary growth looks pretty promising. Can you talk about, how the secondary market has gone 
during this quarter? I understand this is something, not a season but generally, if primary has 
been on such a higher side, how is the secondary market. And number two, given festive you 
have already seen, must have seen last 10, 15 days or 20 days of festive. How has the response 
been, on overall sentiment wise, on the product itself and how you are doing it. That's my first 
question. 
Management: 
Okay, firstly you asked about the secondary sale. So, this year right from March onwards, of 
course last seven, eight months the sales have been hit and we are sharing with you that's the 
secondary sales market share only, which is by third party Syndicated Research International 
Agency. So, that shows that we have continued to do well by clocking in 21% market share exit 
September. So, this shows the sales have been quite robust. It's not that we are just pumping the 
material in the market, secondary has also been happening equally good but could be better. 
Also, for your information, if you wanted to know about Diwali, previous season sale is not 
happening around this time for the AC business, it is not giving a great numbers during these 
festival period. However, it is more of other appliances like washing machines and also, we 
continue to do pretty well on our appliances segment, Voltbek product and we have clocked very 
good numbers even during October period, because of Diwali procurement starts happening 
from September onwards which is even 30 days in advance actually. So, this last one-month 
appliances sale has been very big, all appliances across both categories have done very well. AC 
has also done well compared to last year, we have continued to grow. But, more to talk about, 
we are currently talking about quarter two and half yearly results. So, our primaries and 
secondary have done well. Yes, of course in the quarter two because of rains, actually in several 
parts of the country and extended rains this timecaused a  bit of a disruption in certain areas. 
However, overall, we have done pretty well for ourselves as a brand and even industry has done 
reasonably okay, everybody has shown growth whatever numbers we have seen for both of the 
brands. So, that's the answer for your question. 
Nitin Arora: 
Sir, why I asked specific AC because, when we were talking to a few channel partners and all 
surprisingly, they are talking about October festive is some 20%, 25% growth in AC. So, I was 
pretty surprised to hear that. So, I thought I will ask you. 

 
Voltas Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Management: 
Yes, that is what I am saying, but I am controlling my growth earlier months right from March 
until May, month of June I was growing 100%. But yes, looking at, festival growth is not so 
strong for ACs. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Saumil from Kotak Mutual Funds. Please go ahead. 
Saumil: 
So, two questions. The first one in Voltbek. Obviously, you have alluded to the market share 
going up both in ref as well as washing machine. But the losses seem to be at 30 crores on a 
quarterly basis. Now at what revenue threshold or at what market share you believe you can 
achieve a break even. That's my first question, any broad indication of that. 
Management: 
So, firstly as we said it the initial five years, we are investing into the brand actually. And we 
are building the revenue and the numbers. Yes, I would believe that very soon we are likely to 
reach 10% market share in the washing machine and probably 7- 8% in the refrigerator segment 
because we are already 5% and 7.5%  it's been hovering around month-on-month in the washing 
machine. And in case you talk about only semi-operated washing machine it has been there about 
14%+  all along across the month after month for almost a year now. So, when we overall from 
the margin issue by probably next year we should see some EBITDA positive. That's what we 
had committed and given the guidance also, we have been working towards it. Probably in a 
years time, we should cross this threshold numbers, which I am saying probably 8% to 10% 
market share in both the category and from there onwards probably you will see a better result 
on that front. So, you will see that we have been continuously building network, we are 
continuously building making the consumers aware about the category, about the products that 
you have been offering our products have been accepted very well. No complaints whatsoever 
from any segment, all the channel partners across segments including e-commerce, including 
modern trade, including organic trade, everywhere this product seems to be doing very well. 
And then also hopefully we will get good news very soon. 
Management: 
Yes, Saumil just to add, we have always been maintaining that somewhere in this year, we should 
break even in EBITA and that is looking highly likely. And as it is also evident by the fact that 
with higher volumes, our losses per unit are also coming down gradually. And if I were to 
actually put a number, I would say somewhere closer to Rs 2,500 – Rs 2,600 crore kind of a 
turnover we should be definitely breaking even. 
Saumil: 
Perfect. And sir my second and last question now, obviously once the new plant which is already 
operation in Tamil Nadu in year two or year three, what could be the utilization rates in the 
volume sold, any broad number and subsequent to that, what could be the broad margin 
differential versus where we are today? 
Management: 
So, let me answer this, if you look at our current sales, it is well past 2 million in the first 240 
days of this year. And we have been growing at a pace of almost 52% in this category, obviously 
we have set up this factory. So, if we continue to grow with pace, we are likely to cross 2.5, 3 
million very soon. So, this particular factory what we have set up is only at the moment 1 million 

 
Voltas Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
units. And existing factory at Pantnagar is able to produce about 1.5 million. So, put together as 
it is, I am running short of the capacity, and we are augmenting it further. Probably we may soon 
take it to 1.5 million and 2 million by 2026. So, therefore, it will just be sufficient for my needs. 
So, when you are talking about full capacity, it has to any which way run on the full capacity 
and continue to cater to the demand and that we are and the obligation on that factory. So, you 
don't worry this will be running at full capacity and this full capacity will be utilized also. 
Coming back to you say, that how the profitability is going to improve. We want to first fulfill 
the consumer requirement; we want to provide convenience to my consumers and profitability 
has been reasonably good as of now. Our endeavor is to expand the absolute margins 
continuously because India's penetration level is pretty low as compared to similar kind of 
geography with similar kind of population base and consumption-base as China if you look at. 
So, we need to expand the margin, our ownership on the brand, which is a leading brand to 
extend the market provide comfort to the consumers, that's the objective of this factory. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naushad Chaudhary from Aditya Birla Sun 
Life. Please go ahead. 
Naushad Chaudhary:  
Two questions, Then I will come back in queue. Firstly, again on Voltbek, I take your point sir, 
but just to help us understand more, at what gross margin we operate this business and what 
specific steps are we taking to make it profitable, how much capital we have deployed so, far in 
this business. This is my first question sir. 
Management: 
So, partly we have already it’s been way much we have answered on to this how we are make it 
profitable, et cetera, it was answered. If you are asking about what kind of gross margins we 
have been making in this category. See, different products make different kind of gross margin, 
it ranges between 10%-12%. And as we said is, EBITDA break even we want to make probably 
this year, by this yearend that's the endeavor at the moment. And that's what we are applying for 
and profitability, as we said this in terms of revenue, my colleague has said something Rs 2,500 
odd. We are growing very fast in this category, we are the fastest growing brand. So, you can be 
rest assured we will be profitable in this category. This is initial investment, formative years 
where you need to build the brand because we are bit late entrant into the category, you will 
appreciate that there are mighty Koreans and other brands, Chinese brands are available, 
American brands are available. So, we have to make our mark into the industry. So, our endeavor 
would be to grow this industry also, we have been doing about 1.8 million products for all 
around, you look at how fast is it growing. A couple of years back, we were 5-6 million, we will 
be able to cross 2 million now. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
How much capital have we deployed in the business, sir? 
Management: 
Voltbek, Jitender corrects me it's about Rs 1,500 crores. So, put together by both partners out of 
which 50% is by Tata including Voltas and Tata Investment and 50% by the partners in a similar 
proportion 49% 

 
Voltas Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Alright. I have follow-up on this. I will come back, but the second question is on the raw material 
side sir, if I see from last time, from Q1 there is slight gradual inch up in the raw material cost. 
So, do you think the market is ready to absorb that cost or we may see some challenges in coming 
quarters in terms of passing on that raw material? 
Management: 
I am sure you know that in all the categories including air conditioners, refrigerator, washing 
machine, get the pricing by some percentage point because raw material cost. Yes, you are right, 
obviously there was one escalation in the commodity prices in the last few months. So, we have 
passed some part of it already and we will continue to see, continue to observe, partly we are 
trying to cover up through value engineering in our factories as to how can we minimize the cost 
of production. And similarly, part of it needs to be passed on, we have passed on also and we 
will continue to do so depending upon how we can mitigate that, of course the brand cannot 
absorb everything, something has to be passed on to the market as well. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Natasha Jain from Nirmal Bang. Please go 
ahead. 
Natasha Jain: 
Sir my first question is on the domestic side of the EMPS business. Now, historically, in the past 
couple of quarters, we have seen quite strong growth and honestly very bullish commentary as 
well. But this quarter in the domestic side, the growth has just been 6%. I understand incessant 
rains could be a factor. But, could there be a possibility that there is some slowdown in certain 
projects that we are executing. And on a related note, how do you see order book execution for 
domestic business in the second half? That's my first question. 
Management: 
Natasha, to answer that very quickly. In your question, the answer was there, the incessant rains 
that is the real reason and I will therefore call it a kind of a one-off thing. And the H1 was good, 
we don't have any issues on that. Yes, slightly bit of a lesser growth than as we have been 
showing. But the H2, we should be able to recoup all these things because in the projects 
business, sometimes we don't have to look at it quarter-to-quarter because different projects have 
different kind of speed. And therefore, on a yearly basis, we should be able to recoup. And the 
order picking on the domestic side also has been really good and we have picked up some nice, 
good margin orders. This has also been our strategy to be selective and pick up only those orders 
which we believe are having good KYC and all those factors. So, we have been on track for that. 
Management: 
So, let me add to what Mr. Verma has said the order side has been reasonably heavy incase the 
same number it was last year. And 31st March, we are about hovering around 5,000 odd crores 
worth of order pad with us. And while we have said that during the rainy season, there is always 
a bit of disturbance because right off way, etcetera, etcetera at times is not available and therefore 
you cannot complete the deadlines, et cetera. However, if you look at H1 numbers we have been 
way ahead of our company’s numbers and targeted numbers in this category, H2 also looks very 
promising. We have got very healthy orders of almost Rs 800 odd crores which we need to 
execute during the course of next few months. So, we have got a very good order bag, and I am 

 
Voltas Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
very confident and bullish on that segment as well, we will stick to that segment as well. We 
will do well in this segment as well. 
Natasha Jain: 
Understood sir that helps. And my second question is on the RAC side, while you have 
mentioned earlier in the call that, there was tertiary demand in the sense that end consumer 
demand did pick up. But I would just bring in a lean quarter like Q2 when practically your 
August and most of your July was also completely washed out because of rain still we have had 
healthy growth in the RAC category. So, sir, should we read it as, there could be some bit of 
channel filling also because the inventory was low. And if that has happened, how do we see the 
near term, because now we will end the quarters wherein, we sit at very high basis. So, what is 
the kind of growth that we can expect in the second half from RAC as a category? 
Management: 
Natasha, in my report and in my initial comments, I mentioned that we did exit in September of 
21% market share. So, when we are reporting that that's the secondary data only which we pick 
up from the market. And that would also show you that the secondary have been doing pretty 
well. Of course, there would be some, stocking up but those are like normal levels. It is not that 
people are or the dealers are building up unprecedented inventories or anything. And this market 
share data actually alludes to that fact.  
Management: 
Actually, the market knows, the dealers are really smart people, and they understand what to 
stock and what not to stock up. History shows that there is a greater demand of appliances. 
Therefore, they invest more into the other appliances than they are able to do during this period. 
So, I don't think, but of course they need to prepare themselves for each category and therefore, 
air conditioner also they would have kept in stocks and they have been able to sell and liquidate 
part of it. Inventory built up in the channel in September was for festive season sale and is at a 
normalised levels right now. Also in case of second summer in October-November West has 
done very well for us actually, while North of course, I can understand because of Diwali, 
festival and all there is a more focused towards appliances, but West and South their second 
summer catches up and the demand of cooling products there. So, I don't think I am worried 
about any stock. So, you can be rest assured we will continue to do well in next two quarters as 
well. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ravi Swaminathan from Avendus Park. Please 
go ahead. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Sir thanks for taking my question. Most of my questions have been answered. One question on 
the engineering product side. So, our profitability, which used to be in that range or band of 33%, 
35% at any EBIT level had come off to 27%, 28% in the first half. Is it because of the fact that 
the profitability in the textile side is generally way better than that of the mining side? Is that the 
major reason or is there something else that we need to really do it and how sustainable or should 
we read it like, the margin should be in this band at least this year to 27% to 28%? 

 
Voltas Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Management: 
So, textile machinery it is having a little bit of a challenge at the moment because, Bangladesh 
because of tensions there, Bangladesh lot of yarn goes to Bangladesh, and that was actually had 
come to a halt there, that's one. Secondly, yarn prices also had suffered and therefore the margins 
have shrunk during this period. Looking at, even the policies, etc., probably we are presuming 
that the margins are going to be around this level for the next few months until situation starts 
picking up, yarn prices need to get corrected. And of course, the Bangladesh starts operating in 
the normal fashion that will be the ray of light for this particular category. But it's been a healthy 
number. They have been delivering about 100 odd crores for last two years, this year also slightly 
lower than the previous number or the revenue number. But we are likely to catch up in the game 
by the year because we are focusing on vast value-added services also past sales also, the energy 
or for the textile needs. My team gets engaged whenever these kind of situation comes, now we 
start doing some other things which continue to give us some revenue and profit, which makes 
up for the a bit of a loss which may happen because of all these events. So, don't be worry, 
actually we are reasonably growing in this category as well and by the year end, we should be 
well close to our targeted numbers. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keyur Pandya from ICICI Prudential. Please 
go ahead. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Sir, one question on the UCP margin side. You mentioned last quarter that the industry has 
increased the prices near the end of the season and year-over-year 30% kind of growth. And 
despite that if margins are lower Q-on-Q, if you can just throw some light on what is driving the 
margins in this narrow band, is it competitive pricing or this OPEX of the new plant or something 
else and in that backdrop, how should we think of margins going ahead also? 
Management: 
There are number of reasons for this, one as we explained initially also that we have additionally 
provided for long term incentive for our team, for the team to continue to keep them motivated 
and highly charged up to continue to keep giving us growth. So, that's an additional cost which 
has come up and for complete H1 has been accrued into this quarter only because the scheme 
were finalized and approved by the Board now only. So, that's one piece. Secondly, of course 
there are some investments in BTL activities, but currently, of course, it is because of lesser 
volume its tilted toward margin depletion. So, therefore we cannot presume similar kind of 
margins in quarter-to-quarter, the margin will, if you compare with last year also, last year also 
you can see and compare, margins were about the same level in this quarter.  
Management: 
Sure. See, we have to also see that we are building up for future growth. So, therefore, we are 
investing in ISD also, which are our in shop demonstrators. So, that's one part of the thing and 
we have kept even during the lien season, we have continued to work with them. And as Mr. 
Bakshi said, long term incentives for our employees, like it's sharing of profits with our 
employees as well. We also mentioned in my speech that the commercial refrigeration bit which 
is part of the UCP, didn't really come up to the party for this quarter and, and we are seeing a bit 
of challenge there. Yes, depreciation impact has been there, but I wouldn't say that anything 
major on the RAC side. Commodity prices also had been slightly bit up during this period, which 

 
Voltas Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
we couldn't pass on. So, all that things impacted, but the margin was not very big drop. And, as 
we have been saying that rather than focusing on these quarterly minor adjustments on these 
kind of margins, we should look at the rupee profit rather than a margin percentage. And if you 
would look at and focus on that profits, we have done pretty well and these numbers are really 
remarkable in that sense. 
Management: 
So, some substance of what both of us have said is, we continue to invest in brand promotion, 
and also on building and expanding the market and building the market share and also on our 
team to keep them motivated, engaged and charge up and investing into all these things. And 
this is what is going to pave the way for our success in the coming year. So, that's what it's an 
investment then I don't think, we should be hassled about that as well. And I am sure all of you 
would be happy the kind of results the team has put up, both our team has put up in the first half 
is unprecedented. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Understood, sir. Just last and second question on the commercial refrigeration’s you mentioned 
that it did not pick up the way it was expected. So, is it because of the product gaps or basically 
internal reasons or there is slow down at the macro level or industry level? 
Management: 
Water coolers and water dispensers, water cooling products have done well. However, part of 
this commercial refrigerators, which is freezers and bottle coolers, etcetera have not been doing 
well. This is industry driven and that’s what we have been able to witness through results of the 
other peers as well. But this is the feedback which we have gathered from the market and from 
our team. The demand for this category is being a bit subdued because CAPEX has been put on 
a bit of a hold at the moment because last two, three years, it's slightly sort of a bit where people 
list into this category two, three, four years and again a bit of a slowdown, like that this continues 
the technical nature of this. And therefore, this is a bit but our still we registered some growth. 
So, that's a bit of a consolation to me overall in this category. And however yes, when we 
compare with air conditioner growth or other appliances which is more than 50% is a bit muted 
growth that I agree with you. However, we are happy because probably our market share, we 
have continued to remain within this category, most of the reserves we have been about between 
35% and 37% all along in this category for last several years. Water dispenser would be more 
than 55%, 60% in this category all around. Water coolers have been more than 40%, 45% market 
share, so we continue to do well in this category as well. But yes, of course, related performance 
if we compare with other categories is a bit muted one. 
Management: 
Yes, that's the most important point that it is not that there is a de-growth or anything. It's not as 
high growth as in other products. So, it's stays as the nominal thing and two, three years it was a 
very high growth and therefore there's a bit of a slowdown we are not bothered with it a lot and 
the margin in fact, if we were to just simply mathematically remove the LTIS numbers, my 
margin percentage also would have been higher. But anyway, it is the cost which we have 
decided to defer to our hard-working teams. So, we will keep that and that will be the feature. 
And we have also said that these values would be reassessed by the actuarial evaluation as every 
period as the accounting norms are. So, we will take that as it comes. 

 
Voltas Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Bhartia from Investec. Please go ahead. 
As there is no response from the participant. We will move on to the next question it’s from the 
line of Siddhartha Bera from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sir, on this margin side some color in terms of the commercial category, you indicated last 
quarter there were some inventory adjustments and that let to margin pressure. So, now with this 
type of competitive intensity which we are seeing, includes some improvement for the 
commercial category also in terms of margins going ahead or this is something which may 
continue to be there in the next few quarters? 
Management: 
You need to understand which commercial category we are talking about, commercial 
refrigeration, commercial air conditioning, or commercial project. What exactly is the question 
about, which category you are referring to? 
Siddhartha Bera: 
So, sir problem is basically commercial refrigeration there we have seen some margin softness 
in the quarter. 
Management: 
I said commercial refrigeration last quarter when we talked about it was a QCO things which 
have been brought in by the government on components. So, therefore there was some inventory 
and that inventory needed to be liquidated. So, that was the issue in the last quarter. And from 
here, we will have to see if there is really a slow down on the capital investments within the 
industry, whether it be the ice cream manufacturers or whether it be other consumers or other 
business users of these products. So, this quarter we have seen there is a kind of a slowdown on 
that investment and we will wait and watch on this thing. We have some orders that we will be 
willing to complete, which will be filling going forward. 
Management: 
So, what, we believe we observed during this last two, three quarters in this category, as also 
mentioned by colleague, people were holding stock and they were building stocks for the 
summer season. But, as unfortunately the Q2 came in place actually, and they wanted to liquidate 
those inventories, they will be best at some of the brands. And since they were selling, they were 
easily placed in terms of inventory and all because our sales and secondary sales have been 
reasonably good, but because the competition, as you rightly said competition intensity or the 
anxiety to liquidate those stocks which were not QCO compliant. So, they were trying to 
liquidate at discounted prices in the marketplace. So, which was exactly based on all of us to 
compete, to remain competitive in the marketplace. And therefore, the margins are better in the 
category for the moment. And we will start looking up in this category also going forward. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it sir. And sir lastly, if you can highlight what was the price increase which we have taken 
to pass on the near-term commodity cost pressure which you indicated that will be out of… 
Management: 
So, in which category sir you said, we have been able to pass on you are saying? 
Siddhartha Bera: 
In UCP sir, you indicated that. 

 
Voltas Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Management: 
UCP as in Room AC I am saying firstly I will talk about, roughly around 3% to 4% price increase 
we had passed on in the marketplace in the last quarter, quarter two and in probably refrigerator 
washing machine also if I am not mistaken roughly around 2.5%, 3% of margins have been the 
commodity price hike or hike has been passed on to the market. 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today's conference call. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Ms. Bhoomika Nair for the closing comments. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Very thank you to everyone and particularly the management for giving us an opportunity to 
host the call. Wishing you all the very best and a very Happy Diwali to you and all the 
participants. Thank you very much sir. 
Management:  
I will take this opportunity, I would also like to take this opportunity to wish all of you a very, 
very Happy Diwali and all the festivals around this period. And also, I would like to thank all 
the investors and our consumers to this call for posing faith in this brand and continue to allow 
us to grow this with speed. Thank you very much once again. 
Management:  
Happy Diwali to all of you. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
On behalf of DAM Capital Advisors Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
