 
ENDURANCE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
2nd Floor, Kumar Solitaire,  
S. No. 216B/218A/215A, 
Near Aga Khan Palace, Shastri Nagar, 
Nagar Road, Pune-411 006 (M.S.), India 
Tel: +91-20-68284200 
Fax: +91-20-26680894 
Website: www.endurancegroup.com 
CIN No. L34102MH1999PLC123296 
 
 
14th November, 2024 
 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
BSE Code: 540153 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400051 
 
NSE Code: ENDURANCE 
Sub.: Transcript of Conference Call held in respect of the Company’s Q2 FY25 
financial results. 
Ref.: 
 
1. Regulation 30 and Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(“Listing Regulations”). 
2. Intimation of telephonic / virtual meeting with Analysts / 
Institutional Investors dated 28th October, 2024. 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
In continuation of the referred intimation and Listing Regulations, please find 
enclosed the transcript of the conference call held on 7th November, 2024 in respect 
of the Company’s Q2 FY25 financial results. 
 
The transcript has been hosted on the Company’s website at:  
https://www.endurancegroup.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/11/Transcript-of-
Earnings-Conference-Call-7th-Nov-24.pdf 
 
We request you to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Endurance Technologies Limited 
 
 
Sunil Lalai 
Company Secretary and Executive Vice President – Legal 
Membership No.: A8078 
 
Encl.as above 
Sunil 
Naresh Lalai
Digitally signed by 
Sunil Naresh Lalai 
Date: 2024.11.14 
15:43:08 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
Endurance Technologies Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ANURANG JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR, ENDURANCE 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED  
MR. RAJENDRA ABHANGE – DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
OPERATING OFFICER, ENDURANCE TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
MR. MASSIMO VENUTI – DIRECTOR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, ENDURANCE OVERSEAS, ENDURANCE 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. R. S. RAJA GOPAL SASTRY – GROUP CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER, ENDURANCE TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
MR. RAJ MUNDRA – TREASURER & HEAD - INVESTOR 
RELATIONS, ENDURANCE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NISHIT JALAN – AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Endurance Technologies Limited Q2 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishit Jalan from Axis Capital. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Nishit Jalan: 
Thank you, Del. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Q2 FY25 Post Results Conference Call of 
Endurance Technologies.  
 
We are pleased to host the entire Management Team of Endurance. We have with us, Mr. Anurang 
Jain – Managing Director, Mr. Massimo Venuti – Director & CEO, Endurance Overseas, Mr. 
Rajendra Abhange – Director & COO, Mr. Raja Gopal Sastry – Group CFO and Mr. Raj Mundra – 
Treasurer and Head- Investor Relations.  
 
I will hand over the call to Mr. Anurang Jain for his opening comments, post which we can have the 
Q&A. Over to you, Anurang. 
Anurang Jain: 
Thanks a lot. Good morning to everyone. We thank you for joining us and appreciate your time and 
interest in our Company.  
 
You may have seen from our financials that we had a fairly strong Q2. India is expected to post a 
GDP growth of over 7% in FY25 on a strong base of 8.2% growth in FY 24.  
 
For Q2, Indian 2W numbers were strong, but 4W numbers both in India and Europe were not. The 
Q2 volumes sold by Indian OEMs rose 13% year-on-year for 2W with scooter growth at 17% and 
motorcycle growth at 11%. 3W sales grew by 5%. On the other hand, the commercial vehicle 
volumes fell 9% and passenger vehicle volumes saw a drop of 1%.  
 
I would now like to highlight the progress on a few strategic and operational actions taken, which 
have a strong bearing on our short, medium, and long-term performance.  To begin with, I will 
explain our recent expansions taken up: 
a. 
We had mentioned that we are constructing a factory in the AURIC Shendra industrial area, 
focused on 4W and non-auto machined aluminum castings. The construction is progressing 
well. There is a very good interest from 4W OEMs, both in domestic and export markets 
and a few non-auto plants. This is evident from the large quantum of customer pre-
qualifications and requests for quotes and our initial order intake. This progress makes us 
confident of meeting our business plan for the investment we are doing.  

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
b. 
You would have also noted our recent announcement on the new factory to manufacture 
two-wheeler alloy wheels in the AURIC Bidkin Industrial Area. That is also in 
Aurangabad. We are particularly excited about this project due to the success of our alloy 
wheel plant in Chakan, where we have seen profitable growth with volumes growing 
almost five-fold in the last five years. This project will double our volumes from existing 
volumes at our Chakan alloy wheel plant. Moreover, with key learnings and targeted 
operational improvements, including automation in the new AURIC Bidkin factory, we are 
expecting a good profitable growth.  
It is important to note that only half of the 30 acre AURIC Bidkin industrial land will be 
used for this two-wheeler alloy wheel project, and the rest will give us headroom for 
expansion. It is encouraging for us to see that automotive companies like Toyota, JSW and 
Ather Energy are setting up green field plants also at the AURIC Bidkin industrial area.  
 
On Electric Vehicles, I would like to mention that as far as sales to electric vehicle two-wheelers are 
concerned, in Q2 of FY25, it has almost doubled to Rs. 739 million over Q1 of this financial year 
which was at Rs. 391 million.  Our CAGR growth in the last 3.5 years is 236% as compared to the 
electric two-wheeler industry 3.5-year growth of 147%. This is as per the Vahan data. This growth 
in our sales is across all our product segments including suspension, aluminum castings, braking as 
well as alloy wheels.  
 
I will now speak on some important operational topics.  
1. 
First, I would like to speak on suspensions. In the past, we have mentioned about some of our 
suspension plants not running to full capacity. With higher sales to our anchor OEMs in these 
plants and fresh orders for other models from various OEMs, the capacity being used is rapidly 
increasing.  At our Sanand and Halol plants, capacity is being almost fully used.  
At Waluj, our plant capacity is being fully used, and now we are further expanding to service a 
large suspension order for Suzuki scooters of Rs. 1,650 million per annum. The SOP is planned 
from January 2025. The best Industry 4.0 tools are being deployed in these assembly lines.  
Last year, the design and development team of Endurance successfully applicated the 48 mm 
diameter inverted front fork for a major European client. This is the largest diameter front fork 
being used worldwide and help us in our future growth.  
In our suspension business, we continue to undertake various projects to help in our profitable 
growth. We have spoken to you in the past about our backward integration through aluminum 
forgings. We are also engaging other levers as value engineering, right sourcing and process 
innovation to lower our cost and remain competitive.  
2. 
Now moving on to our braking segment, which shows a robust improvement in every 
dimension, namely scale, operational parameters, cost competitiveness, order acquisition from 
multiple OEMs and increase in our share of business. These are our key strategic strengths.  

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
The total income from our braking business doubled in just 2 years, from Rs. 5,950 million in 
FY22 to Rs. 11,610 million in FY24. The higher demand made us set up a second brakes factory 
at the Waluj industrial area. The new factory has now reached close to peak volumes within 2 
years of SOP, and now we are undergoing a further expansion.  
Since we began the manufacture and sale of the single-channel ABS in September 2021, we 
have around 700,000 numbers of such ABS ensuring rider safety on the roads. The two-channel 
ABS is also at an advanced stage and is expected to start SOP in Q4 of this financial year.  
The manufacturing of brake systems and disc brakes is constantly being upgraded to improve 
our cost competitiveness, improving the product offering and its applicability to the premium 
segment two wheelers. Some of the recent improvements are advanced heat treatment for brake 
discs, in-house manufacturing of ABS valves as well as stainless-steel braided hoses. Both of 
these are imposed substitutions.  Launch of our Grimeca brand brakes in the premium segment 
of two wheelers is another important development.  
Our technical capabilities are constantly being improved with enhanced R&D, calibration and 
testing.  Experts in braking were engaged, among other things, in the development of the ABS 
ECU which is the Electronic Control Unit for in-house manufacturing.   Importantly, advanced 
braking system development activity has been started jointly with one of our European OEM 
clients which will help us to offer the best technology in braking systems both to Indian as well 
as our overseas OEM clients.  
Also for enhancing our brakes steel braided hoses technology, we are setting up a facility for 
the same in-house at our second Waluj brakes plant which will give us additional brake assembly 
orders for exports and for Indian OEM requirements and this is expected to go into SOP in 
January, 2025.  
3. 
In the transmission product segment, several OEMs are upgrading their clutch technologies to 
the assist and slip technology, which is of higher value add and will contribute to our profitable 
growth. For the assist and slip clutches, we are offering technology from our European 
subsidiary Adler with localization of the parts in India. This SOP will start in Q4 of this financial 
year.  
As far as our transmission drive shaft business is concerned, at Waluj, the capacity is now being 
fully used. We at present manufacture for three 3W OEMs and are targeting orders from two 
more OEM clients.  
4. 
We continue to maintain being a leader in the machined aluminum die casting business.  
In our Chakan castings plant, we are constructing a new building to cater to 4W machined 
casting requirement. Here we will see improved quality standards and cost optimization because 
of automation. We have also put an unmanned machining line for a four-wheeler application.  
An exercise of improving processes using TPM philosophy and other productivity tools is 
underway, and we are already seeing operational efficiency improvements.  

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
5. 
Our strategic venture into electronics is slowly gaining traction, and this quarter witnessed 
certain turnaround events. Our Battery Management System offtake by a key OEM client has 
picked up leading to a significantly improved financials for our subsidiary Maxwell and better 
use of our surface mounted technology line that we have set up for BMS at our Waluj plant. 
Further, our pursuit for electronics business other than BMS is also progressing well.  
 
I will now touch upon our order intake, which was part of our presentation that was uploaded last 
evening.  
a. 
Our order wins and request for quotes where we are targeting new business is a testimony 
to our market leadership and ability to increase our content per vehicle in several models 
across OEMs.  
In the last six months, we have won Rs. 3,082 million non-Bajaj orders, bulk of which are 
new orders. Only Rs. 334 million of these orders are of a replacement nature. With this, 
the new orders booked over the last 4.5 years has reached Rs. 29,268 million, which would 
reach peak in FY27. These orders involve diversification of our customer portfolio and 
expansion of our share of business with all the OEMs across our product range.  
b. 
The major orders won till date in this financial year are for the Hero MotoCorp brakes 
business, TVS brakes business, Ather Energy battery part aluminum casting business and 
Generac USA aluminum casting business for their stationary engines.  
c. 
We are in the process of submitting our quotations for business totaling Rs. 22,153 million.  
d. 
In Q2, Bajaj Auto has shown a healthy growth in volumes both in 2W and 3W, and we also 
had a good growth in our sales, aided by premium product mix specially in the areas of 
suspension and braking.  
 
Coming to our focus on ESG, Endurance is striving for being carbon neutral through solar 
and wind power and driving tree plantations.  
a. 
We are also seeing increased use of natural gas and LPG in lieu of diesel and furnace oil. 
We have reached a carbon neutral percentage of 35% in FY24; we have seen further 
improvement in FY25 and our aspiration is to reach a carbon neutral percentage of more 
than 50% by FY30.  
b. 
We are also focusing on lowering hazardous waste generation, achieving zero waste to 
landfill, improving water recovery percentage and lowering resource consumption per unit 
of sales, not only in our plants but also in our value chain.  
c. 
On the social front, our focus and emphasis is on human capital management, labor 
practices, health and safety and talent diversity.  
 
We are happy to induct in the Board of Directors of Endurance and its two direct 
subsidiaries in Europe, Mr. Alfredo Altavilla. He is an Independent Director. He is an 
industry stalwart with a commendable track record serving in senior roles including Board 
seats in global automotive companies such as Ferrari, Teksid and Chrysler. I also take this 
opportunity to thank our earlier Independent Director Mr. Roberto Testore for his 
contribution to Endurance in his role as an Independent Director.  

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Endurance Technologies has been recognized by its OEM clients, its customers and 
industry forums with several awards and recognitions. Some of them are the ‘Best Delivery 
Management Award’ from Honda Motorcycles and Scooters India in 2024, ‘Persisting 
Affiliation Award’ from Piaggio in 2024, the ‘VA/VE Award’ from Royal Enfield in 2024 
and the ‘Ford Q1 certification’ for the die casting and machining plant at Chakan in 2024.  
 
We are also making good progress on executing our strategy for growth which focuses on: 
a) 
to further strengthen our presence as a 2W Tier 1 supplier, which at present is 
our core business in India, by supplying multiple products to all OEMs with high 
share of business. Also by improving the product mix by providing more high 
value parts in this space, for example, paper-based clutch assemblies, the new 
assist and slip clutch assemblies, inverted front forks, rear monoshocks, single 
channel and dual channel ABS, machined castings, structural parts, and 
components for premium 2W.  
b) 
to increase our 4W share of business from existing percentage of 25% to 45% 
by FY 30.  
• 
I spoke to you earlier about the progress of our 4W marketing team 
which has made progress on the new orders and RFQs for our AURIC 
Shendra aluminum machined casting plant.  
• 
We are also targeting entering into the 4W drive train products.  
• 
We are expanding our aluminum forging unit where we will target 
more four-wheeler business.  In view of products required by 4W 
OEMs, we are adding advanced friction welding technology in our 
aluminum forging plant. This is to supply to our 4W OEMs.  
• 
For products such as suspension, brakes, alloy wheels, we are a leader 
in the 2W space. Our pursuit is to offer technology-intensive products 
now to the 4W OEMs through technology agreements or through 
M&A or through joint ventures, which is progressing well. 
• 
Our aim is to continue to grow our Europe business, which in any case 
focuses on 4W, both organically and through M&A.  
 
c) 
In aftermarket, our focus is on further growing our distribution network, 
reaching out to retailers and mechanics with use of digital technologies, 
excelling in order fulfillment and lowering the proliferation of spurious parts.  
We have also expanded to vehicle models where we do not serve the OEMs. 
Our success in these products puts us in the position of a ready-choice supplier 
for these OEMs.  
In the export markets, we aim to add new countries, expand our dealer network, 
target growth in each country for each product segment, and expand the product 
offering.  

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
In Europe, we intend to grow our aftermarket business in the two-wheeler space 
with our subsidiary companies Adler, Frenotecnica, and New Fren. 
d) 
We will keep an eye on the pace of electrification in different vehicle segments 
and different markets. Our strategy is to ensure good order intake for the EV and 
hybrid segments, particularly in the areas where electrification is rapid.  
e) 
Finally, we are invested in electronics through our acquisition of Maxwell and 
our investment in the surface mounted technology line in Waluj plant and for 
our ABS electronic control unit requirement.  
We also have electronically controlled damping in our suspensions. With 
greater use of electronics in our existing and future products, we will continue 
to invest in and launch new electronic applications.  
 
In Europe, in the first half of FY25, we won orders for peak annual sales of €23.6 million. 
This includes machined castings for the BMW EV transmission of €10.5 million and 
assemblies for the Volkswagen EV castings of €7.6 million. Further, we have won orders 
for €1 million of finished aluminum castings from a non-automotive customer.  
Our European business has stood strong in spite of headwinds in the form of pandemic 
induced lockdowns, extremely high energy prices, and low vehicle sale volumes due to 
demand or supply chain issues. Our focus on serving the OEM customers through product 
development, quality, competitive pricing, and professional service has been unwavering.  
Internally, we are focused on making ourselves financially stronger and more diverse. 
Our OEM customers see this as a strength for their supply chain. With new orders and 
increasing market share, Endurance's Europe business is well placed in terms of 
combating the adverse market conditions. 
 
Now coming to the Financials: 
The quarterly information has been uploaded at the stock exchanges last 
evening along with our presentation explaining the numbers: 
I will, however, describe a few key data points. The quarter witnessed a strong 
performance on all parameters. Our standalone and consolidated total income 
grew to Rs. 23.2 billion and Rs. 29.4 billion respectively, which is a 16.8% and 
a 14.8% year-on-year growth. Our standalone and consolidated net profits grew 
to Rs. 1.85 billion and Rs. 2.03 billion respectively, which is a 29.7% and 31.3% 
year-on-year growth. Our profit after tax percentage growth, which is twice the 
total income growth, reflects a healthy expansion of margins. It is important to 
note that our European subsidiaries in Euro terms achieved a total income 
growth of 6.5% and net profit growth of 12.8% versus the same quarter last 
year, which is commendable given the market scenario in Europe. 
Now with these opening remarks, I would now like to invite questions from all of you. Thank you. 

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line 
of Mumuksh Mandlesha from Anand Rathi Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Can you provide some more details on how do you see the revenue ramp up for the new AURIC 
plant? Any details on what kind of products we are targeting? For the four wheeler segment you 
mentioned about the drivetrain products and aluminum forging opportunities. Can you share more 
how do you see the revenue projection for these new products? 
Anurang Jain: 
The first project we had announced was for the four-wheeler aluminum machined castings as well as 
the non-auto aluminum machined castings, which is in the AURIC Shendra area at Chhatrapati 
Sambhaji Nagar. Here, already the construction has started and we are targeting that by Q2 of next 
financial year, we are able to manufacture aluminum die castings with machining for both overseas 
as well as Indian OEM clients and non-auto clients. I am not allowed to give the names of the OEM 
customers to you because there are some NDAs we have signed. But we are at a very good stage of 
having won certain orders, and some other orders are in progress.  That's why I said that we are quite 
confident that we will meet our business plan in the next three years. Sales will start from the next 
financial year, which is Q2 of FY26.  
So, I will not be able to throw much light on the customers, but the product is large machined 
aluminum die casting parts of various types. It's for automotive, four-wheeler, as well as for non-
automotive. And this is our focus as it leads to four-wheeler business growth.  
As far as the second project is concerned, which is on the two-wheeler alloy wheels at AURIC Bidkin.  
We have a capacity of 5.5 million alloy wheels in our Chakan plant in Pune. And there's a huge 
demand for these products, and that's why we are putting up another plant of about 4.5 million wheels 
per annum. And this plant is going to start in September 2025. So, there are two plants which will 
really add to our profitable growth. And it will also increase our sales quite substantially.  
 
Now, coming to the next part of your question… we started aluminum forgings as a backward 
integration project for inverted front forks.  It's been a game changer. Also, for the rear mono shocks, 
you have a hydraulic preload adjuster casting. These are import substitutes. Once we started this 
forging facility, we are finding a lot of interest from the four-wheeler OEMs also both for India as 
well as export.  There are requirements from two-wheeler OEMs also. So, this forging plant in 
Chhatrapati Sambhaji Nagar is rapidly expanding.  
And we also won some orders but I will not share the details of the customer\.  
As far as the drivetrain is concerned, I will request Mr. Rajendra Abhange, our Director and COO, 
to speak a few words on that. 
Rajendra Abhange: 
So, first of all, thanks for asking more information about our journey into four-wheelers, specifically 
the drivetrain products. You see, drivetrain is considered to be one of the most critical components 

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
of any four-wheeler. And we have chosen to be in this space, taking into account that we have good 
experience already in two-wheelers and three-wheelers.  
In three-wheelers, we already make these kinds of products. Without mentioning the name of the 
customer and without mentioning the exact product, I can only tell you that we are in very advanced 
stages of introducing these kind of products for 4W, and target is to launch early next year. So, all 
the CAPEX and everything in terms of planning is in the pipeline, and once the SOP and LOIs are 
on place, we will make it public, probably next quarter. So, it's not just one product in the drivetrain, 
there are multiple products which also involves high-precision mechanical components as well as 
electronic components, which has got programs and the software inbuilt into it.  These products are 
for the modern generation four-wheelers which are being produced in India. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
What kind of CAPEX are we doing for this aluminum forging and the drive train products? 
Anurang Jain: 
CAPEX for aluminum forging, which is done till date is Rs. 63 crores and for drive shaft, it's Rs. 40 
crores till date.  
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
On the alloy wheel how do you see capacity utilization happening in the new plant - any color on the 
new customer wins we have including the EV customers? 
Anurang Jain: 
In fact, as far as two-wheeler alloy wheels are concerned, the pressure to supply is tremendous and 
that's why there's a gun pointing at our head - I will just put it that way. So, to answer your question, 
capacity will be fully used. Ramp-up will be very, very fast from September 25 onwards. In fact, the 
pressure is very high.  We will be serving existing as well as new customers for alloy wheels. I can't 
give you the names, but it will be to new customers also including for EV customers, as far as the 
alloy wheels are concerned.  We will reach full capacity utilization in the second year. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
In terms of market share for this segment, do you see that has increased with the new order win? 
Anurang Jain: 
If you see our alloy wheel market share, it is 13.3%. And this will take us to ~25%..  It depends on 
how much growth will be there in the two-wheeler industry. So, I can say based on the existing 
volume that 13.3% will become 25% with the new plant coming up. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
On the financial side., aluminum prices have increased in recent quarters. Is there any impact in  Q2 
and just want to understand generally what is the pass-through like for the aluminum prices?  
Secondly, on the incentive part, what is the incentive expected for the second half? 
Anurang Jain: 
I will request our group CFO – Mr. Raja Sastry to speak on this, but just to answer one question, the 
aluminum increase or decrease is a pass through 100%. 
Raja Sastry: 
So, if you look at comparing the first half of this year versus the first half of last year, aluminum alloy 
rates have gone up from Rs. 200 to Rs. 213 on average. And we have passed on every rupee of this 
increase. We also had some marginal increase in steel and other products, but as per our contracts, 

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
we have managed to pass on every single rupee of increase to our customer. Of course, it does have 
a contribution load as they call it because we get a rupee-to-rupee advantage and not the contribution 
out of that. However, from a compensation perspective, the compensation is complete, and we have 
booked all the compensation. And we have amended purchase orders for the same. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Is there an impact of incentives in the current quarter? 
Raja Sastry: 
Of the total of Rs. 447 crores which we had to book on the earlier 2013 Mega project incentives 
scheme, we still have another Rs. 8 crores to book.  We have already received about Rs. 283 crores 
of cash, and we have another Rs. 164 crores to receive. So, the progress on the earlier Mega Project 
incentive is good.  We already are in an advanced stage of filing our applications for the next 2019 
Mega Project incentive scheme also. And the entitlement for this incentive is higher than the earlier 
one. And as we have more details, we will explain to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Jhawar from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
What is the expected contribution on aluminum alloy wheels – where your capacity is to increase to 
9.8 million wheels per annum? and What would be the share of imported alloy wheels in India? 
Anurang Jain: 
Aditya, we do not share the contribution figures. I can only say that it's an important part of sales 
growth and profitable growth, so I cannot give you the contribution there. It is sensitive. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
And import share in India? 
Anurang Jain: 
See, as far as I know, there would be very small pockets where certain customers are importing. But 
I think it's practically zero now as far as imports are concerned, it's all bought from Indian 
manufacturers or there are foreign players who have facilities in India. But as far as I can think, I 
have not heard of any imports now. I think it has practically stopped, but I could be wrong. I mean 
there could be few pockets where there is import. You see there is a BIS introduction in India as you 
might be aware - BIS or Bureau of Indian Standards.  Imports are easily allowed, only if you are 
exporting the vehicle. I think in that context you can import some special alloy wheels, but now 
almost everything is localized. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
On the profitability of the standalone operations. this time around, we saw a spike in OPEX -Other 
operating expenses., It increased 20% YoY to almost about Rs. 400 crores. So, is there anything that 
you would like to call out on this?  Also, your margin expansion is largely driven by gross margin. 
We did not have a significant benefit of operating leverage despite a 16% topline growth. Is there 
anything that you would like to call out in OPEX, and how should we look at standalone margin in 
the medium to long term? 
Raja Sastry: 
Aditya, good question.  our standalone income went up by 16.8%. And if you look at our PAT, it has 
gone up by 29.7%. So, I would still say there is an expansion in margin. However, your question on 
the Other Expenses is correct. There has been an increase.  

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Our raw material cost has gone up by 15.2%. Other Expenses have gone up by 19.6%. We do have a 
pretty detailed analysis into why these expenses have gone up. There have been some special 
processes which we had to add to our production, like anodizing processes for specific customers. 
They were impacted by the minimum wage increase and certain other topics which increase our other 
expenses. However, there are quite a lot of initiatives underway in terms of improving our 
efficiencies.  
The Managing Director mentioned about the TPM exercises in some of our plants and these are 
specifically aimed at improving our operational efficiency and better expansion of margin.  
Aditya Jhawar: 
Some of the items you mentioned are more part of COGS and employee cost. Now, one would expect 
that with the better utilization of some of our plants, especially the suspension plants, we could start 
seeing a slight better performance at EBITDA level, but EBITDA margin increased only by 40 basis 
point YoY and that was driven by gross margin. Is there anything one time that you would like to 
call out on, or is this the recurring run rate from here on. And when we have to look at margin from 
FY25 or FY26 perspective, what are the drivers of margin expansion? Or are there any headwinds 
because multiple factors will flow in regard to product mix change, Greenfield facilities coming on 
stream. And so if you would like to throw some light on how should we think about margin for the 
next 2 years? 
Raja Sastry: 
For the Greenfield projects which are being set up- I If you look at the Bidkin alloy wheel project, 
all the lessons which we have learned in our existing Chakan facilities are already implemented at a 
design stage. So, the aim of these new greenfield facilities is to be margin-accretive.  
Second question was about headwinds because of different product mix. No, we only see tailwinds. 
That is the kind of order acquisition which we have in the proprietary range and also some of our 
better product range. So, we are only seeing that mix will be benefiting our margins. And the most 
important element is our targeted operational efficiencies and our ability to earn more margins So, 
overall, we only see good news as far as the margin expansion is concerned, unless something very 
untoward or something completely out of our control happens. But the aim and the trajectory from 
here on, we see a very strong performance from our side. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
On Europe, can you highlight on BMW order win for e-Axle. It's a big development. So, how is the 
commercialization of this plant?  Also, at the new facility for transmission housing that we have 
made in Italy, where are we in terms of ramping up and, what would be the potential revenue and are 
we targeting new set of customers from this business line? 
Massimo Venuti: 
We closed an agreement with a new customer for us, AISIN – which is a company inside of Toyota 
Group. They took this important business for BMW, and we are their partner for the raw part and 
machining of this transmission component. This is a strategic project of BMW. They want to reach 
500,000 parts per year starting from 2027. The start of production will be in 2026. And we will do 
the foundry and the machining activity in Germany.  

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Speaking about the second project - transmission for Punch and Stellantis. As you know, we acquired 
850,000 parts per year business, two years ago. We started production in July of the previous financial 
year. We are now reaching 45,000 parts per month. We will reach 65,000 peak volume, starting from 
the second week of December of this financial year.  
We are also discussing with the customer a possible increase of volume for this part. This is an 
absolutely strategic project for us, because these are machined parts, and so the added value is very 
high.  
In our profit and loss statement for this quarter, you see an increase of the other expenses owing to 
outsourced people in the new plant, because we want to maintain the flexibility. This is the reason 
why there is an increase of other expenses and raw material costs. The total turnover of this project 
could be €70-€75 million and the peak of volume will be in February of the next year. Actual revenue 
will depend on the market, but as you know the current European market volumes are not 
encouraging. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
In this quarter, we did reasonably well despite a decline in registrations in Europe. We reported a 
strong growth of about 6%, but looking at the next few quarters and the interaction with customers, 
what is your sense in terms of overall industry growth in Europe in the second half of the year and 
what should be the number for Endurance? 
Massimo Venuti: 
So, the situation in Europe in this moment, frankly speaking, is not so good. But first of all, the 
situation of Endurance is completely different. The market (EU + UK) closed with a YOY reduction 
of registration of 6.4% in the previous quarter. And Endurance grew 6.4% YOY.  So, it means that 
we are gaining market share from our competitors. And this is due to the fact that in the last five 
years, we acquired an unbelievable number of projects – new orders worth €160 million.  
And we are benefiting from production in these new projects – particularly Punch/Stellantis project. 
If we exclude new projects, we have seen a reduction that everybody else is seeing in the market. 
With the start of production of the new project, we are growing in an important way. We closed Q2 
in terms of turnover with €66.9 million compared €62.8 million in last year same quarter, with an 
increase of 6.4%. EBITDA grew 15.1% compared to the previous year we closed with 16% EBIDTA 
margin or  €10.7 million EBIDTA in the Q2. The net result was €2.9 million, 4.3% with an increase 
of 14.7% compared to the previous year. Q2 in Europe is usually the lowest in terms of volume 
because we have August, and August is a month of holidays. And this is the reason Q2FY25 topline 
is lower than Q1FY25.   Endurance is growing faster than the market. Also for the future I see this 
scenario and I repeat, I am really optimistic for Q3 and Q4 of this Financial Year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
First question is on the PV drivetrain business that you are talking about. Is this going to be through 
the aluminum die casting technology or we are looking beyond that and totally different products or 

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
technologies which will be coming into that? We talked about electronics as well, but can you throw 
more light on that? 
Rajendra Abhange: 
The drivetrain products are not the die-cast products which we are already into. We are already 
supplying to major OEMs in India and overseas. What we propose to enter into are proprietary 
products in nature, and they are engaged in transmitting the motion to the wheels. So, the castings 
are stationary components, but these are rotating components. And it has also got electronics inbuilt 
into it because the vehicles are getting smarter. So, we are offering a complete solution to the vehicle 
manufacturers. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And this is developed in-house, or do we have a partnership with someone? 
Rajendra Abhange: 
A part of it is in-house and part of it is going to be in partnership. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
With respect to the alloy wheel business - clearly there is a good amount of demand which is there, 
but there is a substantial amount of capacity addition happening, not just at Endurance, but other 
players as well. So, in that context, how should we think about the margins for aluminum alloy wheel 
business?  
Anurang Jain: 
No, I don't see it will impact the margins. And I think the capacities which are coming up are in line 
with the LOIs which the customers are giving to different suppliers. Now, of course, it will depend 
upon how the two-wheeler industry grows. But there is also a use of alloy wheels in vehicles, where 
they were not being used. So, the demand is coming from the 2W market growth and also from 
substitution of the earlier steel wheels with aluminum alloy wheels.  
And as far as margins are concerned, I don't see decline. I think industry has gone through a very 
turbulent time in the last 15 years, with the Chinese imports and I think the prices are quite well 
settled, very competitive and we don’t see a change there. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
With respect to ABS, how big is ABS business now, given that we are already supplying single 
channel ABS. Can you talk about the size of the business now and also the roadmap going forward 
on the dual channel ABS? Any order wins on that side? 
Anurang Jain: 
Yes, see right now we are supplying at a run rate of 400,000 single channel ABS per annum. 
Additionally, we have a capacity of 240,000, which is for the dual channel, which is starting in Q4 
of this financial year. And so right now you can say that the capacity which we will have is 640,000 
in a market of maybe 3-3.5 million. So, we will slowly ramp-up based on our technical capabilities 
and competitive pricing. We will slowly scale the business up, partly with volume increases, partly 
from taking share from the competition, but that's our goal, to keep increasing this business by going 
step by step. So, the next step is to go into dual channel with 240,000 ABS' per annum.  
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Right, and have you got orders for dual channel already or we are in process of getting orders there? 

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Anurang Jain: 
Dual channel product validation by customer is in process, so that's why I am telling you we should 
supply by Q4. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And clarification on the incentive side. So, would it be fair to say that by the time this balance Rs. 8 
crore of incentive on the old scheme gets recognized, probably in Q3 or early next year, and the new 
scheme becomes operational there will be gap in FY26 where incentives recording may not be 
material. Would that be fair understanding? 
Raja Sastry: 
The applications have been made under the new scheme. We are waiting for the eligibility certificate 
and we will take it as it comes. So, our expectation is to make it happen as quickly as possible. But 
given that there are elements where we have to allow the administrative mechanism to work through 
its course, we will make more comments, or we will give a confirmation as and when it happens. But 
the efforts from our side for the eligibility, and all the collection and submission data have been 
completed. Once the administrative process takes its course, and then as quickly as eligibility 
happens, we will make a statement on that. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it. And the last question on the European Business side. So, we have seen material divergence 
between how the EV business has been shaping up in the European market, the demand has been 
shaping up in the European market. And when we look at our order wins, almost 77% of our order 
wins are coming from EVs now as against much lower salient in the total order book. So, how do we 
balance out with respect to our CAPEX versus the order book built up towards EVs? 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
The question for European businesses is that we are getting substantial orders for EVs. In the first 
half, 77% of orders came from EVs. Whereas the EV volumes in the markets are not growing or 
rather moderating materially. 
Massimo Venuti: 
We acquired a lot of business in the last 4 years in electric, and market EV volumes are not doing 
well. One of the reasons why we are growing more than our competitors is that we are doing the 
same level of turnover with Internal Combustion Engine (ICE) as in the past, and we are increasing 
our revenues due to the start of production of the electric vehicles.  
Even if in this moment a lot of countries are reducing the incentive in the electrical vehicle, please 
consider that in Q1, and Q2 BEV and hybrids reached 50% of the market. So, it's absolutely 
interesting. 
In last financial year, Endurance Overseas crossed  €62 million investment and in the first 6 months 
of this financial year we have invested €28 million with support of our customer. The major reason 
of our increase of turnover is higher market share but basically in the electrical vehicles.   
Jinesh Gandhi: 
 Would it be only in the existing aluminum die casting business or we are open to look at new areas 
beyond aluminum die casting in European market from M&A perspective? 

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Massimo Venuti: 
At this moment, we are seeing the market at 360 degrees. There are thousand and thousand 
opportunities. We are working in a tough way in this direction, and I hope to give you interesting 
news in the next conference. But we are working 360 degrees. A lot of companies are in financial 
problems. For Endurance, this is an opportunity because every day we are asked by our customers to 
consider partners and to support them for the future increase of our product lines in die casting, in 
machining, and also in other sectors. 
 Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arvind Sharma from Citi Bank. Please go ahead. 
Arvind Sharma: 
Sir, the first question is on the ramp up schedule that you have given in the presentation. A very 
strong ramp up experience in FY26, almost Rs. 23 billion. Would it be fair to assume this is driven 
by the expansion in the four-wheeler and non-autos? Or what would be the key drivers for this big 
ramp up in FY26? 
Anurang Jain: 
See, the big drivers, one is of course on the 4W front which is the AURIC Shendra project, 4W and 
non-auto. That will be one driver. And there will be other drivers, one is the increase in the business 
we are getting on suspension, braking, as well as a 2W new alloy wheel plant, which is being set up. 
But I think it would be both on the 2W and 4W space. 
 We are fully focused on reaching 45% of our group sales in FY30 from 4W. And there are a lot of 
efforts being made. We will start informing you as it happens. Mr. Rajendra Abhange – our Director, 
has already talked about it briefly. But what you see right now on our graph is a combination of 2W 
and 4W. In 2W, growth is largely from alloy wheel, suspension, transmission and braking. And on 
the four-wheeler, it is from the new drivetrain initiative and it will be from the 4W aluminum die 
casting and machining at AURIC Shendra as well as in our plant at Chakan, where a new building is 
coming up to cater to complex 4W casting requirements. 
Arvind Sharma: 
Please share Europe revenue, EBITDA, and PAT in Euro terms, I missed that part. 
Massimo Venuti: 
In Q2, €66.9 million total turnover, increase of 6.4% compared to the previous year. EBITDA, €10.7 
million, 16%, with an increase of 15.1% compared to the previous year. Net result, €2.9 million, 
4.3% with an increase of 13.7% compared to the previous year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pramod Amte from Incred Equities. Please go ahead. 
Pramod Amte: 
You said you are entering into drivetrain components of 4W. How do you see the risk of EV and 
hybrids when you are entering this new stream of business? 
Rajendra Abhange : 
Almost no risk, because EV penetration is still very small in four wheelers. Moreover, our planned 
drivetrain products are engine agnostic. 

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Pramod Amte: 
How do you see this BMW e-Axle components versus what you were already doing for the other car 
makers, one. Second, with regard to specialty plastics, is it a new avenue you are trying to look at as 
a business opportunity in the car space? 
Massimo Venuti: 
So, regarding the first question, we are producing similar parts for other customers, axle parts and 
transmission for Volkswagen and Mercedes, and so we don't see a particular problem. The strategic 
reason for this acquisition is due to the new customer, AISIN, as I told you before, is part of Toyota 
Group, and we are discussing other opportunities. This is the reason why it’s absolutely strategic. 
 But speaking about the complexity of the part, we don't see particular problem because we will 
produce this component with existing technology in terms of foundry, high level of automation as in 
the last 20 projects in Endurance Overseas in Europe and with the same machine in our machine 
plant. So, no particular issue compared to the existing product that we are producing.  
Pramod Amte: 
 So, you also talked about the specialty plastic product win for Volkswagen. So, I wanted to ask you, 
is it a big opportunity for the Endurance Group to enter into this new area?  
Massimo Venuti: 
Correct. As you know, we have Endurance Engineering that is our division of injection molding 
plastic components. The importance of this acquisition is that it's the first order acquisition with 
Volkswagen Group as Tier1. As you know, in the past in Endurance Engineering, we grew in an 
important way, thanks to the reverse engineering from aluminum component to plastic.  And why 
strategic? Because unfortunately, in the plastic component industry in this moment, there is a lot of 
production capacity free in the market, a lot of companies with financial problems, for this reason 
the customer is considering the opportunity to start in production with a new strong supplier like us. 
For this reason, I presume that if we are able, as I am sure, to respect the quality and the due date for 
the start of production, we could be involved in other future projects in the plastic with the 
Volkswagen Group, with Porsche, with Audi, with Skoda, with all the brands that we are serving for 
aluminum die casting. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Divy Agarwal from Ficom Family Office. Please go 
ahead. 
Divy Agarwal: 
So, I just wanted to know about your outlook on the entire aluminum casting sector and your current 
market share if you can share it. And secondly, we are right now reading the articles of the auto 
dealers having inventory of around Rs. 80,000 crores. So, do you see any risk of delaying the offtakes 
of any aluminum casting products and any risk to the entire aluminum casting sector? 
Anurang Jain: 
No, as far as the stocks of the 4W passenger cars are concerned, I can only answer for ourselves. We 
have not got any indication as such that there would be any impact on our sales or on our business. 
So, I will not be able to tell you in general about the overall sector in India and the impact it will 
have. But we are not seeing much of an impact in India because in India, as you know, almost 80% 
of our sales is for 2W. So, we are not seeing that kind of impact in our business in India. 

 
Endurance Technologies Limited 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 As far as the aluminum casting, you asked me what would be our share of business. We don't have 
data for market share in aluminum casting. We have a capacity of 100,000 metric tons per annum in 
our various plants, and which is largely used. And because you have so many number of players into 
smaller aluminum castings, different types of casting, low pressure, gravity, high pressure castings, 
it is very difficult to calculate a market share. There is no industry body, which is giving these figures 
to us. For us, aluminum as a metal, whether it's casting or forging is a huge opportunity because it is 
used more in EVs and hydrids in addition to traditional ICE usage.   So, we are a very good space, 
and we are taking the opportunities where there is profitable growth. As far as aluminum casting is 
concerned, we are leaders because we have expertise, we have our own engineering, we have our 
own tool room, so we are very competitive. And we have the technology edge that we have used in 
the past, to give customers an advantage by converting gravity die casting into high pressure die 
casting, low pressure die casting into high pressure. So, we have a lot of expertise and a lot of 
experience over the last 30 years in this space. So, I would say as far as aluminum die casting is 
concerned, we are in a very good space for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today.   
 
