VIBHOR STEEL TUBES LTD. 
(Formerly known as VIBHOR STEEL TUBES (P) LTD.) 
CIN: L27109HR2003PLC035091, Regd. Address: Plot No. 2, Industrial Development Colony, Delhi Road, Hisar (Haryana) - 
125005 India, Tel No.: 01662-237359, 222710, Email Id: contact@vstlindia.com, Website: www.vstlindia.com 
 
 
 
Plant Address: Pipe Nagar, (Vill. Sukeli), NH-17 BKG Road, Via – Nagothane, Teh. Roha, Distt. Raigad Maharashtra – 402126 Tel.: (02194) 238880 
Plant Address: SY No. 515 & 516, Udithyala (V), Balanagar (M), Mahabubnagar (Dist.), Telangana-509202, Mob No.- 7987621817 
VSTL: CS: Earnings Call/Q2/2024-25  
 
 
 
                  Date: 20-11-2024 
To,
Department of Corporate AƯairs, 
BSE LIMITED, 
P.J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
To,
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Complex Bandra [E], Mumbai – 400051 
BSE Scrip Code: 544124
NSE Symbol: VSTL
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call with respect to Un-audited Standalone Financial 
Results for the Quarter and Half Year ended September 30, 2024 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
This is with reference to the Company intimation dated November 07, 2024 filed with the stock 
exchanges in terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 regarding the earning conference call to discuss the un-
audited standalone financial results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024 
scheduled for Friday, November 15, 2024 at 11:30 A.M, (1ST). 
 
Further to the audio recording filed with the stock exchanges on November 15, 2024, we are 
enclosing the Transcript of the said Earnings Call. 
 
The same is also being uploaded on the website of the Company at www.vstlindia.com under 
Financial Results in the Investor section. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Vibhor Steel Tubes Limited  
 
 
 
 
Mr. Lovkesh 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Mem No. A68975 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lovkesh
Digitally signed 
by Lovkesh 
Date: 2024.11.20 
09:54:26 +05'30'

Vibhor Steel Tubes Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call  
November 15, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Vibhor Steel Tubes Limited Q2 and H1 
FY25 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us today representing Vibhor Steel Tubes Limited 
Mr. Vijay Kaushik – Chairman and Mr. Vibhor Kaushik – Managing Director of the company. As 
a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone phone. 
Incorporated in 2003, Vibhor Steel Tubes Limited is a manufacturer and exporter of Mild Steel, 
Carbon Steel, ERW Black and Galvanized Pipes, Hollow Steel Pipes, Cold Rolled Steel 
Strips/Coils. The company also manufactures Crash Barriers which are widely used on median, 
shoulders, verge and high embankments. 
VSTL is promoted by Mr. Vijay Kaushik a first generation entrepreneur with a rich experience 
of more than 4 decades in the manufacturing sector. Mr. Vibhor Kaushik joined the company 
in 2006 and under his leadership the company has expanded its capacity by 19 fold. VSTL 
promoters are ably supported by a highly skilled and experienced team of 600 plus people. 
VSTL has 2 manufacturing units each in Telangana and Maharashtra with a total installed 
capacity of 221,000 metric ton per annum. VSTL has a wide product profile comprising Electric 
Resistance Welded Pipes, Hot-Dipped Galvanized Pipes, Hollow Section Tubes and Crash 
Barriers amongst others. The products fine applications across multiple sectors including 
agriculture, oil and gas, automobile, telecom etc. The company went public in February 2024. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vibhor Kaushik from Vibhor Steel Tubes Limited. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
I welcome everyone. Currently I am on this call from China. I had come here for an inspection 
of some machines that we have ordered for our upcoming project in Jharsuguda in Odisha. The 
plant in Odisha we have taken a lot of our focus. We are in expansion mode and this plant tube 
wells and 2 tube well and the switching line should start as soon as we get the electrical the 
project is completed Two tubels and switching line is completed we are waiting for electrical 
to come and then we will start our production. We are hoping that will happen within one-
month period of time. 

And apart from that I want to tell that our Mumbai plant and Hyderabad plant both are running 
at optimal level and especially in Hyderabad besides the Pipe and Crash Barrier I like to let 
everybody know that we have also started Transmission Line and we have procured orders as 
well. There are 2 orders that we have procured the total order at this point in time in Hyderabad 
is 650 tons for transmission line. The reason I am pointing it out is to let all the investors be 
aware that besides Steel Pipes and Galvanized Pipes earlier we have introduced Crash Barriers, 
Highway Guardrails which is showing a steady growth. 
Apart from that in Hyderabad now we have also started Power Transmission Line which is a 
conventional angle based Power Transmission, so this is something I am very excited to share 
with all the investors that we have successfully entered into this field as well. 
And about Jharsuguda besides Steel Pipes, Black and Galvanized as soon as the electricity 
comes in which is hopefully another 28 days to one month we shall also start other products 
sale that we have introduced in Hyderabad which is Highway Guardrails and Crash Barriers, 
Power Transmission Line and apart from these 2 new products we shall also be introducing 
another domain which is Octagonal Poles and High Mast Poles. These are highway products 
they are used for lighting systems and all these 3 new products Crash Barriers, Pole and our 
Conventional Power Transmission line they should all start together hopefully by the end of 
December in Jharsuguda. 
All the machines we have ordered they are on the way. Some machines are reaching in by the 
end of this month and some are reaching by the beginning of December and these machines 
are all focused for the expansion that we are doing in different areas as I mentioned, Highway 
Guardrail, Power Transmission Line and Octagonal. And apart from that I would like to inform 
that we have successfully placed order for machinery for Monopole which is a Power 
Transmission new technology. It is a shift from conventional Transmission Line which is angle-
based to a new method of transferring the power through a pole system which requires very 
less space and is a much more effective. that machinery order is placed. We are expecting that 
machinery to arrive in our Jharsuguda plant next year by April. So that is another domain we 
shall be entering next year, but as for right now I can say that successfully by the end of 
December in Jharsuguda besides Steel Pipes and Galvanized Pipe, Highway Crash Barrier, 
Power Transmission and Pole all of them shall start at the same time. These products have a 
lot of demand in India and besides the demand they have high margins as well, so we are really 
looking forward to it. 
The company is attributing these products in various exhibitions this year and we are getting 
phenomenal responses and I am very hopeful and very positive that this should take us very 
less time to capture the market and our Jharsuguda shall be very fruitful because we are very 
close to the steel manufactures, so our raw material procurement is very easy and all this 
products that we are introducing is viable to able to cater to PAN India level not just locally 
because our Steel we are going to be sitting very close to our raw material supplier, so our 

logistic cost for raw material will be minimal and that will give us advantage to cater and send 
this material to all the directions in India. So this is what I wanted to let all the investors know 
that what we promised earlier in February that we are putting up a plant. The plant is I would 
say is 70%-75% already installed in Jharsuguda. Once the power line which is also very close 
government contractors are working at it. They are installing the pole and cables, so the power 
will come and what we promised in February we shall be delivering in December now the plant 
should be running along with it all the expansion as I have explained. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question and answer session. As there 
are no questions in the queue I hand over the conference to Mr. Vibhor Kaushik for closing 
comments. Over to you. 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
Mr. Vijay Kaushik is also present, so it is a coincidence that last time also I was in China when 
we had a meeting like this and that time also I had come to inspect some machines and those 
machines have arrived. 
I would like to inform that this year because of the central elections the demand, the projects 
and the government everything has been slow which has reflected in quarter 1 and quarter 2. 
However, having said that it is important there are highlights wherein the month of October 
we had seen everything mostly coming back to its original normal shelf that happened last 
October last year. 
Our sales have picked up in October and that has been reflected in our production also 
production value, production quantity and our dispatched value and dispatched quantity as 
well. So we are hopeful and we are positive that the demand is now going to be very steady for 
our Steel Pipe and Black and Galvanized for quarter 3 and quarter 4. And along with that Crash 
Barriers, the new product has also already hit up we are hitting a constant average of anywhere 
between 500 tons to 800 tons in a month and we are expecting this to increase because now 
more and more road contractors are getting aware of our presence in the market and they are 
getting aware of the products that we are making and our quality. So that is what we are 
expecting in quarter 3 and quarter 4 there are Steel Pipes, Black and Galvanized both shall pick 
and apart from that Crash Barriers shall also see because quarter 3 and quarter 4 the 
contractors have targets to complete by the end of the year, so we should see growth in both 
of this. 
Apart from that Transmission Line as I have said we already have more than 500 tons of order, 
so this means that the market has a lot of demand as they are entertaining us. We have just 
entered in the market and yet we have been able to capture orders in the market. So this is all 
evident that the market has very healthy demand for all the new products that we have come 
up with and we are very positively looking for quarter 3 and quarter 4 for all our products that 
has existed and all the new products that are coming up. 

Vijay Kaushik: 
Exports, we increased by 300 tons – 400 tons for increase of export GI Pipe. 
Moderator: 
Sir we have a question from the lines of Rahil Shah from Crown Capital. Mr. Shah please go 
ahead. 
Rahil Shah: 
So you just mentioned you are adding the new product line, correct? You are introducing the 
Transmission Lines and then you also mentioned something about a Monopole, so when will 
that be starting? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
Monopole has a few set of equipment that is required. The name of those equipment are 
Plasma Cutters, Press Brake and Pole Closing. Now Plasma Cutter we have already secured. 
That has arrived in our factory. It is currently going under installation. Pole Closing has also 
been purchased and it is currently getting installed. Press Brake which is the main item that is 
the reason why I am in China we have just placed the order for it. We are expecting this 
machine to arrive India in April, so we can say that by May or June this domain we should be 
able to enter successfully. It also requires galvanized setup which we already have up to a 
certain diameter higher than that we shall be installing. But the first phase of Monopole I am 
expecting to start somewhere in June next year. 
Rahil Shah: 
Can you please highlight again what is the use for this Monopole like where it is used most? 
And how will it benefit us? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
Most of the Power Transmission in India and also around the world has happened in the 
conventional setup which uses angles. You must have seen on highways they have four legs, 
they are big structures that carries electricity grid. Now those structures take up a lot of space. 
They look like a big robot with arms because they are holding the cables together for 
transmission. The problem is that is being going on for quite a while, but the problem with that 
setup is it takes a lot of space. So now when the land is getting more expensive it is the need 
of the hour that we look for a replacement of a structure that will take up a very less space, so 
that is where the monopole comes in. Monopole is a cylindrical body. It is like a pipe, but is 
made in a different way it is made on a Press Brake. It is circular in structure and it takes may 
be half of the space of what Angle-Based Transmission Line would take. And its weight is also 
less than Angle-Based, so it is profitable in both sense in the amount of space it takes and also 
amount of tonnage it requires. So this is what monopole is. It is used in all transmission line 
from 33 kv, 133 to all the way up to 700. But India is still growing. There are not too many 
players who have entered this domain as yet, but there is a certain demand. I was at the 
exhibition and a lot of contractors approached us and they were hoping that we start as soon 
as possible because we already have an experience with Galvanizing. So this is what a 
monopole is. It is for the transmission of the power and it is a take from conventional way to a 
modern way which requires less space and is more effective. 

Vijay Kaushik: 
So that is one thing Mr. Vibhor has told you. The other aspect is this when this passes through 
a farmer’s land they object it and this Monopole line can be installed along the road from one 
city to another city and if you are aware of this thing you have watched also that along the road 
side there are very big poles installed on which 3 lines runs everything runs on this structure. 
The government can build this line very quickly and can pull it and can be done on low cost. 
Even if we don’t get permission for farmer’s land from farmers, this Transmission Line can go 
along the road side from one place to another very soon. This is a big advantage of Monopole 
which has been just launched in India. You will see in very few places. When you pass through 
city and if you are going from Noida then you can watch this Monopole. In Hyderabad also 
when you are passing through city then you can watch this Monopole. Then it will become easy 
because in India even today electricity is manufactured in South. Electricity is made near the 
coal mines and if electricity is manufactured near coal mines then Transmission Line will have 
to be very quickly developed within India and this Monopole will be a great support for it by 
which this Transmission Line can be pulled very easily and very quickly. So seeing all these 
things we have gone into Monopole line. 
Rahil Shah: 
Yes, sir I also Google this and it seems quite effective, but at present in our business we can’t 
consider it as a major contributor correct? 
Vijay Kaushik: 
It is in the future. This project is going to give us many times more benefit than our Pipe 
business. 
Rahil Shah: 
So you think this can be bigger than our core business of all Galvanized Pipe? 
Vijay Kaushik: 
Yes. 
Rahil Shah: 
So if we keep this aside for now and if we don’t consider it as of now, at what growth 
percentage do you think your remainder of the business can grow, the Pipes, our Transmission 
and the Crash Barriers? 
Vijay Kaushik: 
Only 2 months have passed since the Transmission Line has started and we have an order of 
around 600 ton. We have already supplied 10 ton and one truck has also gone now the work 
has started since 2 months in Hyderabad. And now Jharsuguda will also start, so there is a lot 
of margin in it. The structure is completely of GI. We have put up another GI plant in Hyderabad 
last month in which this structure will be manufactured in China and its demand cannot be met 
in India because plants are installed in Kolkata. It is only in one place Skipper and Utkarsh make 
more and mainly these 2 are the only producers. So after our arrival supplies are being made 
from Hyderabad to South etc., and even we are getting orders from North side and angle comes 
from Shimla and now we are getting it from Raipur also, so all these things are also there which 
are new and good ones with good margins also. Pipe is quantity based the more Pipes you 
make the more you save even if you make little, it will be saved a lot of margin is there, that is 
raw material is Rs. 50 and it is sold for Rs. 80, Rs. 90. 

Rahil Shah: 
How much positive impact will come on margins because they have fallen in this quarter? 
Vijay Kaushik: 
If we tell the calculations, then Rs. 5 per kg or Rs. 7 per kg is saved in Transmission and in Pipes 
Rs. 3 is saved for doing GI, this is the cost. 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
Mr. Shah let me step in about the margins and the contribution what is going to be. See in Pipes 
the model is that we have to keep a lot in stock, so price variation everything becomes a part 
of it becomes affective. In this it is order based, we get orders and we get raw material and 
then we process it, so our profit at the time of when we quote it to any other customer it 
remains same there is no major variable factors in it because we have already considered raw 
material prices and we have already considered Galvanizing Pipes and everything. In terms of 
the volume if we look the turnover will always be high for Pipe because the volume of Pipe will 
always be more. We have 2 plants in Bombay and Hyderabad where we are making Pipe. Third 
Jharsuguda which sometimes I feel is a bigger market for everything for Pipes also. So the Pipe 
contribution from Jharsuguda will also be significantly high, so in terms of the topline if you see 
Pipe will always have more, but in terms of a bottom line if you see when we do a breakup in 
the future because this is right now we have just entered, so there is not much data for us to 
show, but in the future you will see that our bottom line contribution from these other product 
is going to be significantly higher than Pipe. And in terms of how much it is variable, but you 
can consider as at least 2% higher than what it generally reflects in Pipes more than that. But 
at this point in time you can consider 2%. 
Rahil Shah: 
So, sir overall on an annual basis are you able to guide for a certain revenue growth? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
So now we are expecting in quarter 3 and quarter 4 there will be a revenue growth. The reason 
for revenue growth will be one market has come back to normal, the election time is over 
although there was election going on Maharashtra, but now that is also over and plus this is 
the end quarter 3, quarter 4 always see all the targets has to be completed, so the growth will 
always be higher. And more importantly Jharsuguda an entire new area where we don’t supply 
is coming up for the last quartet at least, so definitely the revenue turnover will increase only 
for the Pipe if we talk only about the Pipe, but apart from Pipe revenue growth from all these 
new products as well that will definitely show because we have order in hand, we are executing 
it right now, so they will definitely show in quarter 3 and quarter 4. 
Rahil Shah: 
Since your H1 we saw a de growth in both the quarters, do you think H2 will more make 
compensate for annual sale overall annual growth over FY24? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
This is something I highlighted last time also. If we leave the COVID time that era and we go 
little back, the industry has always been pre-Diwali and post-Diwali. Pre-Diwali the numbers 
are always a little stressed, and after that the numbers become better. The reason for that is 
that everyone has a project, everyone has a timeline to complete, so the growth start to be 
seen. The same thing is happening with the Steel Pipe prices also. The prices are going up the 

reason why it is going up is because the same trend which has been going on for years has now 
come back because the COVID era was different, so I don’t talk about that, but otherwise this 
has been the trend and if we go by the trend which we have already seen in October and which 
we are seeing in November also the prices are going north for raw material, so yes there is 
growth. The margins will come back, our turnover will also increase and the turnover will 
increase because of all the new product line and the new area where we have to cater which 
is North-East of India. 
Rahil Shah: 
So far what I understand I think H2 will be much better and FY26 will be a game changer for 
both revenue and margins? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
Absolutely, we are very positive on that because we have seen a lot of positive response from 
the market and we have really entered into this domain. So yes, what you have understood 
and I am glad that we have been able to translate it to you and I think you have understood 
exactly what we are doing and how we are implementing it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Vibhor, sir any closing comments from you end. 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
Well I am on the way right now to Airport. My job in China is finally finished and I think all the 
machines and all the equipment that we have ordered most of them are coming the only thing 
that is not which is Monopole as I was discussing with Mr. Shah that machine order is placed. 
So now all my energy will be in India we shall be running this different plant in time hopefully 
in the next 20 days to 25 days. The first phase of the production will start which is a Smaller 
Diameter Pipe and then in another 40 days to 45 days full-fledged we are hoping to start our 
Jharsuguda. So in December hopefully the number from Jharsuguda in our topline revenue 
shall start reflecting and we are really looking forward to it. Apart from that all the expansion 
that we have been doing from February till now I am glad to announce that the Crash Barrier 
has been successfully retained an average of 500 tons to 600 tons every month. And I am glad 
to announce that the new domain in Transmission Line has already got us orders which shows 
that there is a lot of demand in India, and there are players who are doing Galvanizing and they 
are known for quality such as us. We got good response and good orders already and we are 
really looking forward to catering to all these new sectors that we have entered. And that will 
show in both our topline and bottom line in quarter 3 and quarter 4 and definitely in the coming 
years ahead. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management team. On behalf of Vibhor Steel Tubes Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
