 
1st November 2024. 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400051. 
BSE Limited, 
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001. 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub.: Board Meeting - Call on Q2 FY25 Results. 
 
In continuation to our earlier communications in the subject matter, enclosed please find the copy of 
the Transcript, which is also available on the website of the Company (www.suzlon.com). 
 
This is for your information as also for the information of your members and the public at large. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Suzlon Energy Limited 
 
 
Geetanjali S.Vaidya, 
Company Secretary. 
 
 
Encl.: As above.  
 
 
Geetanjali 
Santosh Vaidya
Digitally signed by 
Geetanjali Santosh Vaidya 
Date: 2024.11.01 20:07:26 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
"Suzlon Energy Limited Q2 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JP CHALASANI – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
SUZLON ENERGY LIMITED 
MR. HIMANSHU MODY – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, SUZLON ENERGY LIMITED 
 
 

 
Suzlon Energy Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Suzlon Energy Limited Q2 FY’25 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
During this call, the Company Management may make certain statements that reflect their outlook 
for the future, which could be construed as forward-looking statements. These statements are based 
on management’s current expectations and are associated with uncertainties and risks, as detailed in 
the annual report. Actual results may differ. So, these statements should be reviewed in conjunction 
with the risks the company faces. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and if you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. We will begin the “Opening Remarks” followed 
by a “Q&A Session.” To be fair to others, we kindly request each participant to ask no more than 
two or three questions. 
From the Management we have with us Mr. JP Chalasani – Group CEO and Mr. Himanshu Mody – 
Group CFO. Over to you, JP Chalasani, sir. Thank you. 
JP Chalasani: 
Good evening. We appreciate you joining us for Q2 FY’25 Earnings Call. 
We hope you have had a chance to review the results we published today. Again, apologies that I 
think you had a limited time before you could actually see the results. Maybe we will make sure from 
next quarter onwards ensure that you have sufficient time before we have this interaction, so that we 
can have a meaningful interaction. 
We will now provide a “Brief Overview of our Q2 FY’25 Performance and our Outlook for the Full 
Year.” After that, we will open the floor for Questions. 
Let me begin with the “Key Developments of the Quarter gone by”: 
We secured the largest ever single order in Indian wind industry from NTPC Green from 1.166 GW\. 
This project utilizes plug-and-play approach with the pipeline for land and power evacuation within 
NTPC scope. Our order book now exceeds 5 GW, an unparalleled achievement in the industry. The 
entire order book consists of the firm orders as we disclose orders only when they are backed by 
financial commitments. 
Suzlon acquired Renom, marking a pivotal entry into the multi-brand O&M sector and unlocking 
significant growth potential in this area. This strategic move capitalizes on Renom’s strong ISP 
market position and Suzlon’s expertise positioning us to sustain substantially enhanced fleet size and 
profitability. Additionally, we successfully monetize our corporate office and non-core assets for 440 
crores. 

 
Suzlon Energy Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
On the execution front, Suzlon has now established itself as a Supplier of Choice for PSU, while also 
being a key partner for C&I customers. Our focus remains on pursuing quality orders with a higher 
value and better margin. 
Suzlon continues its growth trajectory with deliveries of 256 MW in Q2, up from 132 MW last year. 
This represents the highest delivery for the second quarter in the last seven years, accomplished 
despite severe monsoon disruptions in Gujarat and other parts of the country. 
Robust order book of  4.7 GW for specific make S144 making it as a testament for superior 
technology and customer confidence in Suzlon. This also reverberates with 29-years of proven track 
record with 32% market share on installed base. 
The industry commissioned approximately 1,476 MW in first half of this financial year, which is 
below expectations on account of monsoon disruptions. However, we estimate that significant 
number of turbines are in the pre-commissioning phase and will be completed in H2 of FY’25. 
Our OMS business continues to do well with 15 GW capacity in India with machine availability 
ensured above 96%. 
Our top priority remains timely execution of our robust order book while upholding the highest 
standards of quality. 
We believe India’s renewable energy journey is just starting with power demand to remain robust on 
account of t, industrialization, urbanization, E-mobility, etc., and we are poised to lead this 
transformation with sustainable solutions for the future. 
Our expectation is that wind installations will be around 5 GW for this financial year FY’25, 6-7 GW 
for FY’26 and then increase to anywhere between 9-10 GW yearly. 
Our pioneering business model of end-to-end offerings for Wind Energy value chain, fully integrated 
supply chain, track record of project execution and best in class service cannot be easily replicated, 
which provides us with a strong competitive edge. 
I would now like to invite “Himanshu to take you through the Financial Performance.” Himanshu, 
over to you. 
Himanshu Mody: 
Thank you, JPC sir, and good evening, ladies and gentlemen. 
I would be using Slide #17 to #25 of our investor presentation, which has now been uploaded on our 
website, www.suzlon.com as the reference point for my discussion during this presentation. 

 
Suzlon Energy Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
The largest single order of 1.16 GW from NTPC is a testament to Suzlon’s resurgence as a market 
leader in the PSU segment. With the largest ever order book of 5.1 GW, we now have clear visibility 
of the orders that need to be tentatively executed over the next 18 to 24 months. 
The acquisition of Renom has added significantly to our fleet strength of close to 2.9 GW across 
wind, BoP and solar segments. 
On the P&L front for Q2 FY’25: 
Suzlon continues its exponential growth trajectory with consolidated revenue showing robust growth 
of 48% on a YoY basis, reaching 2,093 crores in Q2 FY’25 compared to 1,417 crores in Q2 FY’24. 
EBITDA has also grown by 31% to 294 crores in Q2 FY’25, up from 225 crores in Q2 FY’24. Our 
EBITDA margin remains strong at 14.1%. The small decrease in the EBITDA margin as compared 
to Q2 FY’24 in percentage terms is largely because we are focused in incurring investments in 
organizational buildup, technological investments and a substantial ramp up in capacity for future 
deliveries in the upcoming quarters. These decisive investments are set to significantly enhance our 
competitiveness, drive efficiency and elevate profitability to new heights. 
Rise in employee costs is also attributable to non-cash provisions of about 32 crores on account of 
ESOPs that were granted to employees. PAT for Q2 FY’25 increased by 96% to 201 crores on a 
YoY. 
On a QoQ comparison, manpower costs have increased by 46 crores, mainly due to on account of 
the ESOP charge of 32 crores in this quarter plus the annual increments for which we follow the July 
to June cycle every year. The rise in other operating items from outsource manpower, which is 
variable in nature, production ramp up expenses, cost for transformation projects and certain one-
time expenses for transactions and the director remuneration that was paid out in September, account 
for all future growth trajectory. 
The small increase in finance costs is largely attributable to processing fees paid to lenders for 
securing working capital against the NTPC project. Small increase due to increase in debt as a result 
of the Renom consolidation and lease rental expenses on the One Earth property as a result of its 
divestment. 
We are pleased to report our balance sheet as of September ‘24, which demonstrates a position of 
strength with strong consolidated net worth at 4,495 crores and a net cash position of 1,277 crores as 
of September ‘24. 
Suzlon is now well positioned to seize the multi-decade opportunity in India’s energy transition 
equipped with the largest ever order book and a strong pipeline of projects under discussion, fortified 
financial position, with the optimized cost structure, our best-in-class products backed by our in-

 
Suzlon Energy Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
house R&D team, a well-prepared supply chain, renewed confidence from all stakeholders and of 
strong management bench strength which is set to deliver the results. The comprehensive approach 
positions us to capitalize us on emerging opportunities and drive sustainable growth. 
With that, I’d like to conclude my presentation and open the floor to any questions that the callers 
may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Ganesh. Please 
go ahead. 
Ganesh: 
Came across Moneycontrol discussion where the management said they wanted to get into the non-
wind sectors as well particularly solar. I just want to check what is the Management’s current thought 
process around this? 
JP Chalasani: 
I have no idea about what was written in the Moneycontrol because we never spoke about getting 
into solar and We’ve been on record always saying that we would remain in our core business, and 
anything connected with that is what we will keep doing it. But at the same time, we said that if there 
is any client who wants us to do the full project which includes solar and wind component, we are 
willing to take that up job and two for the client because they want one single supplier. But till now 
we have not got any such request. There’s no such contract of hybrid project given to us. So, therefore 
we getting into solar at this stage doesn’t exist. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Shweta Dikshit from Systematix Group. Please go ahead. 
Shweta Dikshit: 
My question is the industry-specific. As you have mentioned in the initial comments that we are 
looking at a 5 GW of installation this year. That number was 3.3 GW last year. But if we look at the 
first half of this fiscal capacity and installation was only 1.5 GW, which was 2.2 GW same period 
last year. What gives us confidence that in the second half it will be sufficient to reach the 5 GW 
number? And what in your opinion is the bottleneck here, which can stop us from achieving that 
number? 
JP Chalasani: 
I think the reason why we still continue to feel that it would be closer to 5 GW this financial year, 
while I completely agree that it is 1,476 in the H1 which is less than the H1 of last year, but there are 
significant amount of turbines supplied and erected but not commissioned are on the ground. Even 
we did some analysis of end of Q1, I am not talking about end of Q2 because end of Q2 we still need 
to get the data, itself was 2.8 GW of turbines are in different stages, whether they’re at site or partly 
erected directive. Even if we take our own case, while we reported 201 MW as commissioned in H1, 
there is 170 MW which is erected and ready for commissioning, like last time also we said some 
capacity was remaining, that is either because of the substation not being ready or as we gave the 
system in supply scope plus also let’s understand that the reason for lower installations in Q2 were 
significantly because of monsoon and this time it was very heavy in Gujarat/ Karnataka, different 

 
Suzlon Energy Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
places there have been significant impact. Considering that is past, considering that the turbines have 
been supplied in many places, it has been erected and then ready for commissioning for different 
reasons, we still believe that H2 would be significantly higher than H1 and we are pretty confident 
that anywhere north of 4.5 or 5 would definitely get commissioned this year. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Anupam Goswami from SUD Life. Please go ahead. 
Anupam Goswami: 
So, my question is what sort of capacity do we hold right now to execute annual orders? And going 
forward, what sort of a gross margin are we looking at? Even this quarter, the gross margin was a 
little dip. So, this year and going forward what sort of gross margin should we look at? 
Himanshu Mody: 
So, we are looking at a capacity, as you can see in our IR deck, currently it’s about 3.1 GW which 
we have now ramped up to about 4.5 GW across all components of tower, blade and nacelle. So, 
that’s what our manufacturing capacity on a per annum basis would be. In the phase wise, we are 
looking at the ramp up to 4.5 and by the end of this financial year we will have completed that 
expansion exercise. So, far as margin expansion is concerned, one thing I’ve repeatedly said on all 
calls, when you look at consolidated margins, there certainly will be a dip because as the WTG 
business keeps growing in size which is a lower margin business as compared to the services 
business, the consol margin will definitely see a dip because of the larger increase of business in a 
smaller margin business. However, for that reason, you need to look at the margin profiling of both 
WTG and OMS businesses separately and we continue to maintain that the WTG gross margin will 
be in the mid-to-late teens, whereas the OMS business gross margin will be about 65%. 
Anupam Goswami: 
Sir, once our service business also increases vis-à-vis WTG business increases, of all the installation 
of WTG, what sort of percentages will come in the service segment? 
Himanshu Mody: 
So, every single WTG that we sell, we also have a services contract to back up. We don’t sell any 
WTG without a services contract. That’s number one. The services business revenue however kicks 
in only after completion of the third anniversary of commissioning of the turbine, because first three 
years of the turbine are free, which is covered under the warranty period, which is included in the 
sales price. So, with the three-year lag, the revenue for services of the commissioned turbine will 
kick in. 
JP Chalasani: 
Excepting in contract NTPC where it kicks in right from day one. 
Anupam Goswami: 
Sir, any ballpark like what sort of service revenue comes, let’s say, for 1 MW or 10 MW WTG is 
sold? 
Himanshu Mody: 
I think you can do the math. Our services business broadly is about close to 1,900 crores in top line 
for a 15 GW fleet. So, I’d let you do the math there. 

 
Suzlon Energy Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Deepesh Agarwal from UTI AMC. Please go ahead. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
My first question is if I look at the contribution in WTG segment, this quarter seems to be on a lower 
side versus last 7-8 quarters. Was there any extra cost or the ESOP cost is resulting in this decline? 
Himanshu Mody: 
So, ESOP cost will not be there in the contribution margin. Of course, ESOP cost will be there in 
EBITDA. As we maintain that the WTG, if You are talking gross margin, gross margins will be in 
the late teens to early 20s. Of course, the slight percentage fluctuation here and there would be on 
account of commodity prices or some of the COGS items that we purchase. But I mean there is no 
dramatic movement in the COGS percentage for the WTG business from a contribution margin 
perspective. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
The 5.1 GW order book which we have, doesn’t have any long term or long gestation kind of a 
contract, which effectively means ideally everything should be getting executed in next 18, 20 
months subject to any delays? 
JP Chalasani: 
As I said in my opening comments, we don’t announce any framework agreement at an order book. 
We just announce the projects which are likely to happen and where is the confirmed schedule and 
then there is an advanced paid is what we announce and therefore this entire 5.1 GW as Himanshu 
said in his opening comments should get completed in next 18 to 24 months. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
On similar lines, I think you were also looking at ramping up the production capacity in terms of 
debottlenecking at Daman and also restarting the Pondicherry plant. Where are we in that stage? 
JP Chalasani: 
Pondicherry we already started production there. As Himanshu mentioned for the previous question 
that we will reach gradually from now onwards to 4.5 GW before this year ends in all segments, 
whether it is tower or blade or the nacelle. So, before we start the next financial year, we would have 
a manufacturing capacity of 4.5 GW which will be gradually ramped up from now to end of March. 
It’s not that everything is going to happen by end of March. Pondicherry has already started. It’s in 
a ramping up phase now. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Pramod, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Pramod: 
I would like to know is there any plan to get into energy storage domain by acquiring any other 
company? 
JP Chalasani: 
At this stage if you ask me at this instant, no. But having said that, as we move ahead, we would 
explore different opportunities from time-to-time, which is closer to our business what we do. As 
long as we remain within our RE business, if it’s going to enhance our core business, obviously, we 
will look at it. But right now, there is no such proposal. But I am not saying outrightly no. So, these 
are for the future. Right now, we are in a stage of consolidating our core business quarter-on-quarter 

 
Suzlon Energy Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
basis and once we do that in the next couple of quarters, then obviously we would look at other 
opportunities for growing around our core. 
Pramod: 
So, did we add Renom revenue in this quarterly result or it’s not included? 
Himanshu Mody: 
Yes, we have consolidated Renom on a line-by-line basis, although for this quarter it has been for 
about a 25-day period, I mean as you know, the acquisition got consummated in the first week of 
September, so the line-by-line consolidation for a proportionate time period is only for about 25-
days. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Amit  Bhide from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Amit Shinde: 
I just wanted to understand the kind of one-off that we have had because of the multiple transactions, 
the Renom acquisition and the One Earth sale that could be a part of the other expenses. And also, 
how much is the lease expense related cost in the other expense and the interest cost? 
Himanshu Mody: 
So, I’ll answer your second question first. When we divested One Earth sale and leaseback 
transaction, we confirm that there will be an approximate 4 crores per month charge on account of 
the One Earth transaction in the P&L. Of course, that is on a gross basis. We also have rights to 
sublease the premises. So, that subleasing efforts have already started, which would of course as and 
when we get third-party rental, 4 crores expense will keep coming down. But as of now, the worst 
case you have to assume is a 4 crores as monthly P&L charge. While there are some one-off cost 
items on acquisition of Renom and One Earth transaction, but those are not significant. The one-off 
items that we are incurring are largely related to future capacity expansion, incurring some of our IT 
expenditure like ramping up SAP, we are implementing S/4 HANA for which there are certain one-
off costs which are for the long-term benefit term of the organization, but no significant one-off costs 
on the Renom or One Earth transaction. 
Amit Shinde: 
Another question that I had was as you mentioned in the previous question that the service contract 
for NTPC would start from the first day itself. So, on that note, would the realization per MW for the 
WTG be lower because right now when you have around 5.8 crores per MW on your WTG, that’s 
including the three-service period. So, would NTPC have different terms and different pricing? 
Himanshu Mody: 
No. 
Amit Shinde: 
So, you are saying that despite this three-year warranty period not being there, our per MW realization 
could be in the same range of 5.8 to 6? 
JP Chalasani: 
Yes, yes, this is a competitive bidding, and they have different terms. Obviously, it will be different 
pricing by PSU, it will be different pricing when compared to what you normally do with others. 

 
Suzlon Energy Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Subhadip Mitra from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
So, what I wanted to understand is firstly given that you have such a strong order book, and it is 
executable over the next 18 to 24 months, would I be right in assuming that you would roughly hit a 
run rate of 2, 2.5 GW per random kind of execution, or will it scale up over a period of time and it 
will be more bulky towards the latter half? 
JP Chalasani: 
You are quite smart. Okay? We know that we said 5.1 GW and I also confirm that we will be doing 
this in 18 to 24 months. So, you have the answer in your question, and I agree to the assessments 
what You are making without committing what are the essence we are making. 
Himanshu Mody: 
Just to add, I mean of course it’s not that 5.1 stops there. There is an active order pipeline also that is 
in discussion. 
JP Chalasani: 
There’s a significant pipeline of orders which we are discussing, which you will keep seeing it. So, 
whatever the trend we started each of the quarter we have been saying that at another quarter this is 
the highest ever order book we have closing order book, and I am pretty confident we will continue 
to do that at least for next two quarters we need to say that this is the highest closing order. It’s not 
that it’s going to stop at 5.1. We are pretty sure about that looking at various opportunities which we 
are at different stages of discussions. I don’t want to put a number to that, but, I can confirm to you 
that the next time when we talk, I will again say that this is the highest closing order book we ever 
had. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
I think the demand piece is amply clear to all of us who track the sector that we are looking at a very 
large wave of ordering that’s come back and is likely to stay for some time. But in terms of the supply 
side, in terms of your own ramp up of capacities, what’s the progress there, are you looking at 
significantly ramping up your annual execution capability, any particular targets that you have over 
there? 
JP Chalasani: 
Before coming to the capacity, let me tell you that even today compared to what we are supplying 
274 and 256 MW in Q1 and Q2 our capacity to supply is much, much, much more. Today, it is not 
the capacity of manufacturing which is constraining us from supplying. It is the projects being ready 
to offtake the supply is what is the constraint. That is what is defining. But moving ahead because 
there is an advanced action of land being taken with various clients including us. For example, like 
NTPC itself, we said that they already awarded the land and BoP contracts much in advance, so 
therefore these sites are in a much better space. We expect this problem starting from Q3, Q4, 
especially next year significantly reduced. Therefore, that’s the time when we will get the test for 
manufacturing capacity. Today, we are not tested. That is the reason which we said sometime back 
we have already started ramp-up of our capacity and progressively by March ‘25, we would be at 4.5 
GW of capacity in all three segments, whether it’s the blades or the tower or nacelle, that’s the 
capacity we will reach. Depending upon what order book will hit at March ‘25, and also looking at 

 
Suzlon Energy Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
two to three years ahead, we would look at what further capacity expansion is required. Otherwise, 
4.5 GW is committed, and we will achieve that by end of this year. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Large component of this increase to 4.5, would it also come from the Pondicherry facility getting 
reinstated? 
JP Chalasani: 
Yes, as far as the nacelle is concerned, one is Pondicherry and second is with the additional facilities 
what we are providing at Daman, even Daman plant capacity itself is significantly going to go up, 
plus the Pondicherry which I said sometime back we already started, ramp up is in the process now. 
Those two will add to this capacity plus the blades additional lines getting commissioned from now 
to then, plus the cycle times getting improved to 3 MW plate, so that capacity will ramp up. And 
tower, we have our own capacity. We met every single tower supplier together here. Having said that 
when you are confident you are expanding your capacity for the blades and nacelle, we are committed 
to increase our capacity. We said, please tell us how much you want, we will supply the towers, not 
an issue. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
On margins, any particular reason why this particular quarter’s margins are slightly on the weaker 
side or is it more of a timing issue when you expect things to get better? 
Himanshu Mody: 
No. I don’t know why you think it’s on the lower side. Of course, if You are looking at consol, it will 
continue to be lower as the WTG business increases in the overall mix of the business between WTG 
and OMS. But other than that, really, there is not much of a swing in margin. It remains to be steady. 
If you look at the WTG business, it is close to about 22% and the OMS business continues at about 
67%. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Aadesh Mehta from Motilal Oswal Asset Management Company. 
Please go ahead. 
Aadesh Mehta: 
Wanted to understand whatever investments we have done in terms of cost where we are seeing some 
margin and decline in margins. Can you quantify how that can increase our competitive positioning 
or how that can lead to higher growth, if you can spend some more time explaining that? 
Himanshu Mody: 
If you look at the cost items, roughly, if you look at the operating cost, there has been an increase as 
I said on IT expenditure which we have maintained that we will be incurring those costs. Of course, 
I am leaving ESOP aside, because it’s a P&L charge, but it’s a cost item nonetheless and we will see 
that ESOP cost being incurred till FY’26. Of course, that is for the employee retention, motivation, 
whichever way you look at it. And in addition to that, the administrative cost or employee cost, the 
way to look at it is that we are incurring those costs in Q2 for the future ramp up of meeting higher 
capacity. So, is the cost representative of the organization delivering 256 MW RR, the answer is no. 
With the same cost the organization can and is gearing up to deliver much higher RR in the future 
quarters. So, whilst it is difficult for me to quantify in rupees crores for you, but nonetheless let me 

 
Suzlon Energy Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
suffice it to say that margins going forward… and I am talking margins at the EBITDA level for the 
WTG business or for the OMS business, will definitely not get compromised. So, when you look at 
the WTG business EBITDA margins today we are close to about 7%. That 7% EBITDA margin will 
only increase northwards as we go and increase our volumes for deliveries and the 40% OMS 
EBITDA margins will also maintain the same trajectory of growth for sure. 
JP Chalasani: 
And also, we are all clear that seeing also the market today the biggest challenge for renewable energy 
sector is the manpower, is not getting the right kind of people. So, therefore it is necessary for us 
when we are expanding significantly in terms of manufacturing, in terms of our project side and in 
terms of our OMS side, it’s necessary for us to get talent, train them, keep them in position. So, that 
is what we are doing it. Also, this is nothing to do with your question, but I think we mentioned in 
our media release. Looking at our current consolidation of the core business what we have done in 
the last two to three quarters, now, the order book being there, the balance sheet has been cleaned up, 
working capital have been tied up, the senior leadership is completely now in the grove. So, therefore 
we almost getting into the core business being on auto mode. That’s why sometimes back when we 
talked about storage and all things I was mentioning. We thought that this is the right time we start 
looking at what is next for us to do, what is the strategy. So, first thing is we ourselves are 
strengthening our strategy in the whole strategy theme and we just had the Chief Strategy Officer. In 
addition to that, we also hired one of the leading global management consultants to work along with 
us and tell us that, okay, while your core business is consolidated, keep going, is there anything for 
you to do to increase the stakeholder value in future? So, therefore that sector which we started, 
maybe it will take about anywhere between four to six months before we conclude saying that, okay, 
are there opportunities adjacent to what we are doing, which can enhance the value of the core 
business as well as expand our business in the other areas. That’s one thing which we were doing it. 
That’s what is mentioned today by Mr. Girish Tanti in the media release as well. So, that’s another 
area which I thought we should tell you which we said in our opening comments. That will address 
some of the points what the other questions coming in, in terms of storage, in terms of various other 
things. So, we are also saying that once business is getting stabilized, we also need to look at are 
there any risk-free ways of enhancing operation to be there as the long-term player in the renewable 
energy sector. 
Aadesh Mehta: 
I just wanted to understand that the first half has been very peculiar for us, understand that deliveries 
have been at least 2X the number of installations. So, how long can this continue? 
JP Chalasani: 
As I said sometime back, there is a significant gap in the industry between the supplies versus COD. 
In fact, if you also analyze the actual commissioning what happened in Q2, also we have seen to 
some extent not completely done. In Q1 what was commissioned out of the 770 MW, close to 600 
MW was a turbine which got supplied in year ‘21 and ‘22. So, all this got stuck for different, different 
reasons. Now, I think they’re getting unlocked before even to get a significant amount turbines 
supplied  on the ground or are erected or ready for commissioning in various things. And my 

 
Suzlon Energy Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
assumption is that as we keep moving forward, sometime back, suddenly these volumes got stuck 
because the temperature issue that is getting resolved and people are also facing in terms of 
connectivity. Various reasons why there is a significant gap between supply capacity in the country 
versus COD. I think that would keep changing. We feel that Q3 onwards you will see a difference in 
COD, gradually improving quarter-on-quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Vikas Mukundan, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Vikas Mukundan: 
I was asking, have you taken Renom numbers into this? 
Himanshu Mody: 
Yes, for 25 days of the quarter, we have taken it. 
Vikas Mukundan: 
And a second question is, we had a sale of real estate. Is the profits of that also taken into this? 
Himanshu Mody: 
No. 
Vikas Mukundan: 
Even though the numbers have gone up from 170 in Q1 to 256 in Q2 in terms of commissioning, 
revenues have not bumped up much. What is the reason? 
Himanshu Mody: 
So, revenues are not bumped up because you have to see the RR also which means the deliveries. 
What You are quoting is the commissioning numbers, but revenues are largely generated as a result 
of the deliveries that the company makes, which is 256 MW in this quarter as against close to 270 
MW in Q1. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Manoj, who’s an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Manoj: 
The one thing I just wanted to understand on the R&D part. So, currently we have 144 is the model 
which we are widely exporting. Is there any other turbine which is in R&D process let’s say for 5 
MW? And the other question is regarding, apart from India, are we doing any operations outside 
India? We were doing it before but not after COVID. How is that? 
JP Chalasani: 
On the second question first on operation size, as we do have a service business outside India even 
today, we had significant turbine supplied earlier internationally. So, some part of that remains with 
our service business. In fact, we are now aggressively working with whatever turbines we lost out 
earlier to get that. So, the service business continues, and we will continue to grow the service 
business internationally outside India. On the Turbine make, yes, today is just 144 is what is 
significantly being produced. But as I mentioned in the previous calls that the wind turbine business 
is the movement, roll out one model, next model is already on the drawing board. So, therefore the 
next model is on the drawing board and at the right point of time we will be in the market with the 
new model without any delays. Right size of the turbine, I don’t want to mention about the capacity, 

 
Suzlon Energy Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
right size of the turbine, we would launch into the market when we feel that it’s necessary that we 
make what is now called saturated. 
Manoj: 
How much order we can expect for this ‘25, which is in pipeline, could you give any tentative 
numbers on that? 
JP Chalasani: 
I will repeat only what I said that every quarter you will hear one statement from me saying that this 
is the ever highest closing order book we will have it. So, this is 5.1 now what we are announcing, 
next time when we talk, it will be more than that. I don’t want to put a number to it because if I want 
to throw a number I can also throw a big number which is actually on the table, but that doesn’t make 
any sense for throwing a number so much we are discussing, but I can tell you that there are 
significant serious offers on the table, which has the final space of discussion, and our order book as 
I said that earlier also that once it’s finalized, contract is signed and we receive the required down-
payment, then only we announce to the market, no framework, nothing else to that. But yes, I don’t 
want to put a number to it Manoj, but there are significant orders which we are discussing at this 
stage with different clients. As we also know that there are public sector tenders out there, even NTPC 
tender is out for the next one in Karnataka. So, there are quite a few public sector tenders as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Sudhanshu Bansal from JM Financial Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sudhanshu Bansal: 
I have two questions. One is how do you see the competitive intensity emerging as some of the 
Chinese players and the Indian players both are becoming prominent in the Indian market? Second 
is with respect to like SE Forge. Do we have any plan for growth in this particular business beyond 
our WTG business? 
JP Chalasani: 
The first one, obviously, we never wish away the competition. Competition is there, will be there, it 
will get intensified further. We all know that there are more and more players coming from outside, 
but You are the one who’ve been tracking the sector for ages, you know that even in FY’17 when we 
were doing significant amount of turbine supply, also, we had a tough competition, but at that time 
it was the European players and the American companies. Now, that’s got changed to the other 
companies. So, competition has always been there and would continue to be there. We are absolutely 
conscious about that, and we know that we need to be completely prepared and constantly keep 
sharpening our model, reducing our cost, but I can repeat that we will not compromise on our margins 
when we take our orders. We will sharpen our costs, we will do different aspects of it, we will face 
the competition, but competition will be there, we are not wishing away the competition, we are 
watching it every day not just the current players, we know that there will be more players coming 
in, we are not losing our sleep on that, but we are conscious, and we are prepared for competition. 
And as far as the SE Forge is concerned, yes, now, two things we are doing today. While we continue 
to do whatever we have been doing in the wind segment in fact domestically, every single 
competition of ours is more or less a client for SE Forge. What we are doing now is two things. One 
is we are doing a geographical expansion looking at more and more exports. There are significant 

 
Suzlon Energy Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
opportunities and the second part of it is getting into non-wind segment. We already received a few 
orders which will materialize into revenue maybe in next four to five months because in SE Forge 
what happens is whenever the order comes, you develop that model, it takes time before we start 
producing. So, yes, our journey is towards that and there is a good amount of potential for that 
launching for non-wind and exports both. 
Sudhanshu Bansal: 
In the non-wind sector which area, auto like – 
JP Chalasani: 
Non-wind sector is in terms of bearings for different industries as well the forging is concerned. In 
the foundry, we are looking at the defence sector, the railway sector and also maybe indirectly a non-
wind sort of a thing. We don’t know. They will use these things in different places, like a smaller 
gearbox and everything for them the castings. So, some of them might get into wind, some of them 
might get into non-wind sector. 
Moderator: 
The next follow up question comes from Amit Binde from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Amit Binde: 
I was just going through the industry slide in the PPT. There you have mentioned that C&I sector 
require 78 GW of renewable. I think earlier almost six months ago, we were talking about 15, 20 
GW. So, what in your assumption has changed so much that it went from 15, 20 GW expectation to 
78 GW? That’s one. And secondly, the next line says 35 GW plus wind pipeline of central, state 
utilities etc., So, what is the safe timeline that we should assume that once the ordering has happened 
and the IPPs have won the bid and the timeline to place the order for any of the wind OEMs? 
JP Chalasani: 
On the C&I segment, we mentioned the post there. ICRA’s report, which is what we picked up that 
number from, they we had done the research and created that. And as far as the bidding is concerned, 
as we know, as we speak itself but forget about what is awarded and waiting for the CPS, there is 
about 23 GW, 50% of it is one portion of the auctions done. The reverse auction has to happen and 
another 11.5 GW or so where the bids are announced but the bids is yet be submitted. But having 
said that, if you look at our mix of orders, which we have given in our presentation, that 75% of our 
order book is from C&I and public sector, only about 24% or so is from the big PPAs. Our 
dependence in grid  PPAs is much less compared to the market. It’s predominantly C&A and the 
public sector. And also, just to clarify that 78 GW is for entire renewables, not just for the wind. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Marcel, who’s an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Marcel: 
My question is first regarding that although in this quarter our turnover has gone up by almost about 
80 crores something, but 60 crores is the increase in other expenses. So, why it has increased so 
steeply and what action are you going to take to control this cost so that like this kind of hike is not 
there in the other expense in the coming quarters? 

 
Suzlon Energy Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
Himanshu Mody: 
So, as we explained earlier, some of these costs are incurring one-time for long term benefit of the 
organization like implementation of SAP S/4 HANA module, IT expenses which is building a more 
robust organization for the future, and there is other expenses like ESOP which is a P&L charge but 
a non-cash cost. That will continue till FY’26. And having said that, even if the expenses are 
increasing, the margins for both the businesses, the WTG business and the OMS business we will 
beat the past trends in terms of percentage margin on both the businesses. 
Marcel: 
Second question is that although our order book has a significant increase from about 1.5 GW to 2 
GW to about 5.1 GW, that’s a very good thing, but the execution has not taken the pace yet, in this 
quarter also, as you said we have delivered only 256 MW. So, what’s your road map that how many 
MW like we will be able to deliver within the next six months and what about the next year, so what 
is your plan for that, like how this 5.1 is going to execute, #1? #2, the NTPC order when it will start 
executed and like what will be its quarterly for example? 
JP Chalasani: 
On the supplies, I answered some time back. The 256 GW is because of offtake by the projects, not 
by the manufacturing capacity. We could have actually easily supplied double of that capacity in Q2, 
close to 600 MW is we could have supplied, but the projects are not ready to offtake and also the Q2 
being significantly impacted because of cyclone, transportation, logistics and the site got inundated, 
they were unable to offload, there are various other factors. So, therefore order book is one and supply 
is the second factor. I also mentioned sometime back this is likely to ease out now, because like 
NTPC I mentioned that their land is separate, and their readiness is much better to take the turbines. 
In various other places, these bottlenecks are getting removed. So, therefore as we keep moving 
quarter-to-quarter, these supplies would increase because projects will be able to offtake. As far as 
we are concerned, we can supply, as we said, we would reach a capacity of 4.5 GW to supply by 
March of this year. Supply is not a constraint. It’s a question of projects offtaking it. 
Marcel: 
No, sir, I am not talking about the constraint. I mean how much you will be able to deliver like just 
because that all you can say that like because of the readiness of this project or the land or whatever 
required that how much you are planning to deliver in the next six months? 
JP Chalasani: 
Yes, see, normally our trend which we wanted to reverse, but we couldn’t significantly do it. 
Normally, one-third is H1, and two-third is H2 which we wanted to change this year, but I think we 
will change that next year, but this seems to be going in the same trend, one-third and two-third. So, 
there’s a simple calculation for you. 
Marcel: 
And then regarding this NTPC order, when it’s going to start deliver and like what is the last date for 
delivery? 
JP Chalasani: 
NTPC order, there are different contracts, supply contract is expected to be completed within I think 
17 months from the NTP. NTP has already started. Actual supplies would commence probably by 

 
Suzlon Energy Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
end of this quarter but significantly mainly starts from Q4 onwards, but some supplies likely to 
happen towards the end of this quarter. 
Marcel: 
Sir, do we have any penalty clause because suppose now we are carrying 5.1 GW, so there is 
definitely some fees code associated because you are hiring manpower, you are building your 
organization and so on, suppose if the client is not ready, their lands are not ready, project is not 
ready, so we are carrying some hidden fixed cost, so, are you levying some penalty or LD charges 
on the client also there because of your delay like I am getting this much of stock or like my inventory 
to build up, my workability build up, so how are you addressing this point? 
JP Chalasani: 
Yes, I wish your are on the client side to accept this sort of stuff. Not a penalty type of a thing but we 
can have some different clauses, but at the end of the day it doesn’t go that way. 
Marcel: 
I mean to say you can put a claim, I am not saying the penalty like you can put a contractor claim? 
JP Chalasani: 
Logically, you are right, sir, but in impracticality, it doesn’t happen to that way. Let me not say that 
we will get there. We can put a claim, but at least we are not operating in that manner. 
Marcel: 
But sir, at least you should be able to take some like there must be some obligation on the client that 
okay, that guys you have delayed so much, but we are not charging anything, we are not raising any 
claim. So, that at least in the in the next like time ordering or something we get the preference to get 
the repeat order, some sort of realization must be there? 
JP Chalasani: 
Sometime back when Sudhanshu was asking about competition, when I said that there is a 
competition, but our own specific advantage is a long-term relationship with our clients. Most of our 
clients are repeat clients and many of them are third time, fourth time clients. So, I think we believe 
in building long-term relationships. That’s the reason with respect of the competition, some other 
clients would always remain with us. I think that’s what we are investing. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Dilip, who’s an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Dilip: 
One thing which is bothering me is that share capital equity has swollen up quite a lot from time-to-
time just because of many reasons that reasons are known to everybody. So, my question to the 
management would be, is there any thought process from the management side that if they would 
like to consolidate that equity capital, it is now from 2,713 crores, if that can be consolidated, then 
probably that EPS and other numbers will be looking much better, or it can come back to its original 
say for Suzlon many years back? 
Himanshu Mody: 
We have no impending such thoughts. Obviously, we keep deliberating time-to-time such ideas and 
thoughts and discussions, but currently there is no such plan. As part of the board release today, you 
would have seen that We are looking at reorganizing the balance sheet. There are quite a few legacy 

 
Suzlon Energy Limited 
October 28, 2024 
 
reserves and negative items that are there in the balance sheet. The board has approved the cleanup 
of that. So, all that will take about six to seven months as a process. So, our endeavor is to present a 
neat, lean, clean balance sheet to the investors going forward. What you suggested is of course 
certainly an idea that the management can pursue, but there are no current thoughts to do any of that. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we would take that as our last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
JP Chalasani: 
Thank you very much and of course this doesn’t stop here the Q&A, our IR team is always available 
for any further questions. Not just that that at any point of time that there is need to touch base with 
me or Himanshu, we are always available for any type of advice that is useful for us and thank you 
so much for showing your interest and making it very, very interactive. Thank you and wish you a 
very, very happy diwali to you. God bless all of us. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, members of the management. On behalf of Suzlon Energy Limited, thank you 
for logging on into Suzlon Investor Call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
