ASTRA MICROWAVE PRODUCTS LIMITED 
Regd. Office: ASTRA Towers, Survey No. 12(P), Kothaguda Post 
Kondapur, HITEC City, Hyderabad, Telangana, INDIA - 500084 
Tel : +91 40 46618000, 46618001. Fax : +91 40 46618048 
Email : mktg@astramwp.com, website : www.astramwp.com 
CIN: L29309TG1991PLC013203 
An ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ISO 45001 and ISO 27001 Certified Company 
Works: Unit 1: Plot No. 12, ANRICH Industrial Estate, Bollaram, Medak Dist., Telangana - 502325 
Unit 2: Plot No. 56A, ANRICH Industrial Estate, Bollaram, Medak Dist., Telangana - 502325 
Unit 3: Sy. No. 1/1, lmarath Kancha, Raviryala (V), Maheshwaram (Mdl) R.R.Dist., Telangana - 500005 
Unit 4: Sy. No. 1/1, Plot No. 18 to 21, lmarath Kancha, Hardware Park, Raviryala (V), Maheswaram (M), R.R.Dist, Telangana - 500005 
Unit 7: Sy. No.114/1, Plot No. S-2/9 & 10, E-City, Raviryala & Srinagar (V), Maheswaram (M), R.R.District, Telangana - 501359 
R&D Centre: Plot No. 51(P), Bangalore Aerospace Park, Singanahalli Village, Budigere Post, Bangalore North Taluk, Karnataka - 562149 
 
 
November 19, 2024 
 
To 
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Relations 
BSE Limited 
Sir Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai -400 001 
 
Scrip code: 532493 
 
To 
The Vice President,  
Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
Scrip code: ASTRAMICRO 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Conference call transcript. 
 
We are sending herewith Conference call transcript held with analysts on 13th November, 2024.  
 
The above information is also made available on the Company’s website www.astramwp.com. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Astra Microwave Products Ltd 
 
 
 
 
 
 
T.Anjaneyulu 
G.M - Company Secretary 
THALLAPALLI 
ANJANEYULU
Digitally signed by 
THALLAPALLI 
ANJANEYULU 
Date: 2024.11.19 
12:38:11 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Astra Microwave Products Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 13, 2024 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 13th November 2024 will prevail 
 
 
 
       
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S. G. REDDY – MANAGING DIRECTOR – ASTRA 
MICROWAVE PRODUCTS LIMITED 
 
DR. M.V. REDDY – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
ASTRA MICROWAVE PRODUCTS LIMITED 
 
MR. ATIM KABRA – DIRECTOR-STRATEGY AND 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT – ASTRA MICROWAVE 
PRODUCTS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Astra Microwave Products Limited Q2 FY 
'25 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company, which are based on beliefs, opinion and expectation of the company as on 
the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the lesson only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
the touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. S.G. Reddy, Managing Director. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
S. G. Reddy: 
Thank you, Yousuf, and good morning, everyone. A warm welcome to all of you to the post 
results call of our company. I am with my colleagues, Mr. M.V. Reddy and Mr. Atim Kabra 
and SGA, our Investor Relations Advisors. The results and investors presentation for Q2 FY 
'25 are already uploaded on the company website and stock exchanges. I hope you had a 
chance to look at it. 
 
In terms of the highlights, I'm happy to share with you a continuation of a decent start for the 
financial year. We were able to deliver good performance for Q2 also. In terms of what 
particulars, the top line for -- at the consolidated level is about INR230 crores, which is a year-
on-year growth of about 21%. This performance is in line with our expectations. 
 
On the profitability front, we continue to maintain our EBITDA margins at a sustainable level 
at the rate of around 21%. This improved profitability is largely because of the product mix, 
which is skewed more towards domestic as we have shared with you in recent calls. In terms 
of the composition of the sales, the defense -- local defense production has contributed to 80% 
of the top line, followed by exports up to 12% and the rest of the things came from space and 
meteorology sectors. 
 
In terms of general business development, I wish to inform you that during the quarter, we 
have signed an MOU with Premier Explosives Limited for a strategic alliance to develop and 
sell multiple products jointly. And the JV agreement was signed with Manjeera Digital 
Systems to establish a new entity focused on manufacturing NavIC chips and the GNSS 
products using NavIC chips. 
 
This joint venture is going to be owned equally by the parties. We believe that both these 
developments should help the company to explore new opportunities by broadening our 
offerings and strengthen our overall capabilities. In terms of the order book. As of September 
'24, at consol level, it is around INR2,269 crores, whereas stand-alone number is about 
INR2,097 crores. And our order wins continues to be healthy. 
 
In Q2 FY '25, for stand-alone, we received new orders worth of INR230 crores, which is 
mainly from the domestic defense and meteorology segments. In terms of the breakup of these 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
new orders received in Q2, INR73 crores came from radars, INR71 crores for EW segment, 
INR77 crores for meteorology and the rest from space and exports. 
 
Overall, our order book comprise of 98% of domestic orders, which are largely BTS that is 
built to spec and a 2% of export orders, which are a mix of BTP and BTS. Our consolidated 
order book consist of INR117 crores worth of service orders, which are typically margin 
accretive. Further details on order links and the business trends will be shared by Mr. M.V. 
Reddy. 
 
For the current financial year, we maintain our target which was given previously with an 
order book range in the range of about INR1,200 crores to INR1,300 crores and a top line in 
the range of INR1,000 crores to INR1,100 crores with an PBT margin of 17% to 18%. Our 
joint venture company ARC has done well during the quarter, recording close to about INR100 
crores of sales, and we have reached about INR162 crores of sales for the 6 months period 
with a PBT of INR8 crores. 
 
It is expected to reach close to about INR275 crores of sales for the year with a PBT range in 
the range of about 8%. It has an outstanding order book of about INR282 crores at the end of 
Q2 and is expected to book further orders in the range of about INR200 crores for the rest of 
the years. Our wholly owned subsidiaries are doing well and they are expected to report profit 
at the end of the year. 
 
With this, I will hand over to Mr. M.V. Reddy, Joint MD, and later, to Mr. Atim Kabra, to 
share their thoughts. Thank you. 
M. V. Reddy: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. As we review of Q2 and H1 of FY '25, we have been 
seeing a high positive trend, especially considering the fact of orders booked in the first half of 
the year and also the opportunities emerging out in this with our business domain. We have a 
robust order book of INR2,000 crores as of date and seeing a good visibility of good trajectory 
in all verticals of business segments, which are our main focus area. 
 
As planned, we bagged good development and production orders in radar and electronic 
warfare domain in the second quarter. Out of INR232 crores order booked, 85% of the 
domestic segment, which constitutes a 15% of development contract and balance production in 
nature from DPSUs and IMD. We are hopeful of booking orders of another INR550 crores to 
INR600 crores more in the second half of FY '25. 
 
Few orders which we booked in the second quarter, like one is that C-Band Doppler Weather 
Radar, which we booked from IMD. And also, we have received a few development contracts 
from DRDO and also production orders like Nayan or subsystems and all from BEL. On the 
sales front, we have picked up momentum and significant improvement as we have seen as 
compared to Q1 of FY '25. And we don't foresee any major challenges to meet our guidance of 
INR1,000 crores plus for the current financial year. 
 
Regarding our joint venture, ARC, as Mr. S.G. Reddy just covered, although there was a slight 
dip in the revenue in the last quarter as compared to the -- what we have given the guidance 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
due to prevailing geopolitical situation, but we are confident of making overall revenue being 
planned for the current financial year. 
 
With the order book of INR283 crores and expected to book INR200 crores plus more in next 
2 quarters, ARC is expected to book revenue of INR275 crores for the FY '25. We would like 
to reiterate that going forward, we have a good visibility to maintain sustainable growth with 
the opportunities emerging in the domain of our operations. 
 
With this brief note, now I hand over to Mr. Atim Kabra to share his thoughts. We will be 
happy to answer your questions. Thank you. 
Atim Kabra: 
Good morning, and I'm happy to be back again sharing the direction as well as strategy for 
Astra. As you know, strategizing is a continuous process which we keep fine-tuning as we go 
along. And the idea today is to share with you broadly the kind of things which have kept us 
busy over the last 6 months and also put in place a strategic framework for you to think of 
whenever you think of Astra. 
 
A 30-year-plus company needs a little bit of new injection of thoughts, especially when the 
macro environment in which it operates changes dynamically. The challenges of running a 
INR1,000-crore company are markedly different from running a INR100-crore company and 
even more different when you are aiming for a INR2,000 crore to INR3,000 crore turnover 
target over years. 
 
So everything in the company needs to be relooked at right from the IPs which we monetize, 
and which are the core building blocks which need to be recurring for revenue creation year 
after year. Same way the systems and processes within the company and, more importantly, 
our human resources, which make us today what we are need to be relooked at and nurture. 
 
So we started this year with a focus on our core assets, which is our people, and the policies 
which define us and the way we operate, the way -- the environment in which the functioning 
of HR happens. We brought in an external Big 4 consultant to look at our policies and our 
practices. And thereafter, we brought in a very Senior HR Head to implement a new set of 
policies framework that shall serve our needs as we grow substantially. 
 
In this era, where we are looking at complete systems as the basic building blocks of recurring 
revenue, a multidisciplinary approach is practical and it implies a very strong coordinated 
move between teams which have multiple skill sets which have to work together to deliver on 
the complete systems, which Astra is now delivering. 
 
Our team bandwidth has widened and is widening and will widen with time, with senior 
management induction and induction of folks at a middle level. And the team and the Board 
has been very active in identifying the next set of leaders within the company. We are 
empowering them and incentivizing them to dream big and deliver value to our esteemed 
shareholders. 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
 
I'm personally very happy at the unified vision that the entire top management has bought into 
and implemented across the Board, across the company with a single mindset and a focused 
mindset and a common objective. And all this under the leadership of our Managing Director, 
S.G. Reddy and JMD, Mr. M.V. Reddy. And at the same time, we put in a lot of effort into 
identifying folks who are unable to keep pace with the fast-moving changes being 
implemented across the company. 
 
And there is a need to create a mutual dialogue with them, wherein we offer them the 
assistance needed to shape up in the current circumstances or move on where the skill is better 
matched with the job so that the employee accountability concept is well established and 
everybody is contributing without any slack towards the growth objectives. 
 
So while we add more people, we are also looking at how do we rationalize the work for our 
existing workforce. So as we prepare Astra for the future, we need to clearly lay out and define 
a few broad areas of operations. And yes, I will repeat that the private sector involvement in 
the capital equipment procurement in the defense industry is in its infancy with less than -- I 
believe less than 20% of the total capital outlay of the entire defense sector by a few estimates 
is right now being met by the private sector combined. 
 
So the Indian industry is just about moving from subsystems to a systems-level player, where 
we can compete with our own products and our own place in the world. And this is due to the 
amazing groundwork and the ecosystem which has been created by DRDOs and the ISROs of 
the world and the various labs. 
 
And while industry has grasped the policy level clarity at the government level and is 
responding with products. And it's not only us, we've seen folks like Zen, Paras and the like 
responding to the needs of the industry with various IP-driven innovations and solutions. So in 
my mind, this is a beginning of a multi-decade opportunity. And I remember the advent of 
Indian IT industry 2, 2.5 decades back and then followed by BPO. 
 
And over a period of time, India caught up and carved a niche of its own. So to connect it with 
our framework -- with our LEAP framework, we have been fairly busy enhancing the IP base 
given that we are in the IP enhancement and encashment business. There are gaps which were 
identified in our product portfolio. 
 
We have been filling them up assiduously. Our capabilities have been strengthened in the areas 
of ground penetrating radars, synthetic aperture radars, EOs for satellites, specific passive 
radars and jammers to complement our active radars, counter-drone systems, NavIC, which 
S.G. Reddy alluded to system-on-chips, displays, MMIC chips in a partnership mode. And 
multiple such capabilities are being identified and added to our overall portfolio to create a 
value-added and cashable IP bank. 
 
At the same time, we are also very focused on the increased borrowings as well as a higher 
interest outlook on account of higher receivables outstanding number of days. The entire -- I 
can assure you that the entire Board is sized up on this matter. And our expectation is that as 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
our learnings from the move into systems, multiple systems which Astra has been delivering 
now, are absorbed and lessons across the Board are diffused, assimilated within the company. 
 
You will see a dramatically different receivables profile from this market itself as where we 
are expecting quite significant injection of cash into the company as the receivables are 
liquidated during the second half of FY '25. 
 
So summing up, this has been, I would say, a steady quarter, and we hope to deliver on our 
guidance with strong upside potential built in from our various initiatives and the building 
blocks which we are putting in place will provide us a nice platform to deliver an upward 
trajectory in sales and profit with a neat balance sheet also in the times to come. 
 
We'll address your questions until you have questions on NavIC, etcetera. As we go along into 
the question-answer session. With this, I hand it back. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. First question is 
from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. 
Amit Dixit: 
Congratulations for a steady quarter despite the geopolitical challenges that we have seen. I 
have 3 questions. The first one is essentially on Slide number 29 and the -- in your prepared 
remarks, you mentioned about the MOU with Premier Explosives, JV with Manjeera. And it is 
also mentioned that we are going ahead in anti-drone systems. And also if you can get point by 
point, that looking for MOU with Premier, when do we expect to certify? What kind of 
opportunities size in terms of products that we see? 
 
And similarly for NavIC, it has been going on for a while. So what kind of potential we see 
and when it will start flowing in. Anti-drone has been something very special. So how are we 
different from our peers in this? So that is my first question. Shall I illustrate all 3 questions or 
do you want to answer one by one? 
Management: 
Yes. Please go ahead, Amit. 
Amit Dixit: 
Yes. Sir, the second question is, Atim also, I mean, alluded also to that receivable -- 
particularly we have seen for falling up. And this is not a problem with you, in particular. This 
is a problem we have seen with all the different companies so far, receivable falling up. So do 
you see a larger malaise in government not giving money? Or is it because of that revenue 
would have been bunched up towards the end of the quarter? And what is the sustainable kind 
of receivable days that we are going to see? 
 
The third question is essentially that INR500 crores to INR550 crores to INR600 crores of 
order inflow that we expect in H2. So what are the key platforms that we are going to see these 
orders coming from, how much from BEL, FD etcetera.? So these are the 3 questions, sir. 
Management: 
Yes. I think Atim will answer the first question of the joint venture of Premier and Manjeera. 
Then other questions, I can answer. Yes, Atim, please go ahead. 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Management: 
Sir, we are in the warfare business, right? And we are looking at creating products. And our 
approach has changed dramatically from delivering subcomponents and subsystems to 
delivering complete solutions, right? So when we are delivering complete solutions we need to 
-- in a war -- for wars right, and for battlefields, we need to put in the explosives parts in quite 
a few of our products. It's a licensed business and a specialized business. 
 
Towards that extent, Premier Explosives Limited is in that business, and it's really well placed. 
We have a good relationship with the company. And therefore, an MOU has been established 
from the point of view of new products and new systems which are being developed. Let's say, 
I think there's not a specific example, which I'm giving you to us, and we want to keep our 
products a little bit under wraps till they are out. 
 
But if we are looking at new kind of rockets coming in or guided rockets coming in, and if 
they are supplying, let's say, rockets without a navigation system. Can we give some direction 
to those rockets by putting in some defense electronics. It's a very obvious thing which comes 
to the mind. Same way if we are looking to provide a hard-kill capabilities into our anti-drone 
systems, right? 
 
Chances are that if we can incorporate products from Premier into the overall system, which is 
being made, then we are able to provide a complete solution to the armed forces to not only 
neutralize the drones whose signature is verified and mapped, but also take out the rogue 
drones which come in and they have to be taken out in a kinetic manner. So those are the kind 
of things which we are looking at with Premier, where the complete solution which requires 
explosives is being created along with them. 
 
On the NavIC portion which you asked me, just been for 3 days back -- or 2 days back in 
Times of India carried a report that the government said they are launching 7 new navigation 
satellites. And you are very well aware of the circumstances in which our NavIC -- our 
navigation of satellites were launched during Kargil war, okay or the concept was finalized and 
firmed up during the Kargil war. 
 
We need to be -- as a nation, we need to be probably being self-reliant in the area of GPS 
equivalent coordinates or in the coordinated business. So Russia, the BeiDou system, Glasnost, 
GPS and NavIC. So the interesting part about our product is that it is soft-coded, which implies 
that we can code in not only Indian navigational satellites, but also the other navigational 
satellites. 
 
So wherever -- whichever product -- whichever system is giving you the best coordinates can 
be taken in. And there's no denial of service on account of, let's say, inadequate coverage by 
the satellites.  
In terms of the potential, I think in one of the conference calls we had all 
discussed, right okay. 
 
Every missile for that matter, right, if it's a GPS-locked or GPS equivalent lock will have a 
NavIC equivalent lock. You have -- and S.G. Reddy mentioned GNSS systems. We are talking 
of mapping. We are talking of a whole lot of civilian applications for NavIC. So anything 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
which you think of from the point of view of GPS is the potential market for NavIC. It is 
massive. 
 
Now at this point in time, our understanding is that a lot of chips are imported. And those -- the 
landed cost of those imported chips is fairly cheap because, as you are aware, the cost of 
producing the chips is directly proportional or inversely -- the cost is inversely proportional to 
the quantum in which they are made. 
 
So therefore, GPS chips, which are made in massive numbers tend to cost less. So it is 
expected that there will be some sort of government guidance which will come in, which will 
level the playing field. And even if -- but at the same time, we are looking to kind of make sure 
that the product is within the specified cost ranges to make it competitive. 
 
On the anti-drone systems which you mentioned, I can only speak to you about our system. 
This is a global product which combines active radar with a passive radar with a complete 
power source and C2, which effectively comes in 3 versions. We will have a short-range 
version of about 0.5 kilometer. We will have a medium-range version, which is by the way, 
wearable, which will have a 2-kilometer odd  range. 
 
And omni-directional anti-drone system, which can be 5 kilometers plus range. So these are 
the few product parameters, which are there. And well, we have also got -- we have done some 
IP acquisition in this area, and I will share it with you. We will be the global production 
partner for this joint IP which we have now for the anti-drone system in the configuration, 
which I spoke to you about. 
 
So that's our product change, and I think S.G. Reddy can answer the receivables question and 
the new order inflow. 
Management: 
Amit, your other question, I think as far as the technology of counter-drone, as Mr. Atim had 
mentioned. So we have used a different antenna technology to get extended range and also we 
did cost optimization so that to increase our percentage of wins in the competitive tenders. So 
as of now, we have almost 12 cases are active in that many -- almost 6 cases are in RFI 
response stage and a few of them in RFP stage. And in one particular case, where which we 
have participated, we have submitted the proposal. And TEC going on. I think we will be 
conducting the first to demo in December next month in the field. So this is progressing well. 
 
And as Mr. Atim had mentioned, we are going with a soft-kill option for all these cases, 
whereas wherever a hard-kill are there, we are collaborating with the other OEM who has that 
hard-kill technology and we are confining ourselves to supply only radar for those programs. 
So these are all as the counter-drone plan is concerned. 
 
And your other question regarding next 2 quarters' order book, which I mentioned around 
INR550 to INR600 crores range. In that, I'll just give you a breakup of segment-wise. One is 
that from radar area, we are expecting around INR350 crores to INR370 crores, and in EW, 
around INR50 to INR60 crores, and in telemetry and missile communications, around INR100 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
crores to INR120 crores, and in meteorology, around INR50 crores to INR60 crores, and other 
segment all put together around INR30 crores to INR40 crores. 
 
So this is a broad segment wise classification as far as the order book is concerned, which we 
are planning to book in the second half of the financial year. I hope we have answered all your 
questions. 
Management: 
Yes. I think, S.G. needs to answer on the receivables. 
Management: 
Yes, receivables. Yes, as of today, they are fairly high compared to the normal standards. This 
is largely because of 2 projects where Astra is involved in. Both are systems-related projects 
totaling to close to about INR170 crores kind of thing. They are in the final stage of 
completion, may be in about 3 to 6 months' time. These 2 projects are likely to be delivered 
completely which will bring our receivables to the normal levels. It has nothing to do with the 
bunching of sales towards the end of the quarter. It is more to do with the kind of -- the nature 
of products that has been delivered by the company. 
 
To the components and subsystem level, the realizations are fairly within control. Within about 
90 to 100 days, the realizations are happening. But wherever there is a systems delivery, it is 
taking time because the obligation is to complete the site approval test at the customer end, 
which invariably takes a good amount of time. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ketan Gandhi from Gandhi Securities. 
Ketan Gandhi: 
Congratulations on good growth number. I have 2 questions. Can you have any update on 
Manpack SDR? 
Management: 
Yes. We are going for the final test in the month of December. 
Ketan Gandhi: 
So when can outcome be known? 
Management: 
I think the trials are planned, I think, to complete before January or so. So we are hopeful of 
getting the report maybe sometime in February. The chances of opening the commercial bid by 
March should happen, but it's like it all depends on how fast they conduct these trials and all. 
We're still hopeful of getting the result by March. 
Ketan Gandhi: 
Sure. Sir, our GAETEC laboratory successfully developed -- indigenously developed silicon 
carbide wafer that is SiC and GaN-based HEMT-based MMIC technology to X-Band 
application up to 150 watts and MMIC circuits up to 40-watt for up to X-Band frequencies. So 
are we have -- do we have any role in this? Or it is the only GAETEC DRDO lab for 
somebody else? 
Management: 
Actually this foundry is open for even commercial use in the sense that we approached 
GAETEC recently and we started uploading our designs also. As -- since the foundry was not 
upgraded until last -- last before 4 year, so we were using the foundries outside the India. But 
now since GAETEC has upgraded, there's both the GaAs and GaN foundry and as well as have 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
come out with this silicon. So we are planning to develop a few designs through GAETEC 
foundry and our design team is interacting with GAETEC. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sarjeet Yadav from Mount Intra Finance. 
Sarjeet Yadav: 
Congratulations for the decent numbers. I have 2 questions. Firstly, regarding the Manjeera 
and Premier Explosives JV, you gave a very detailed overview. I just want to understand in 
case you can tell us what is the potential of these 2 JVs, and what timeline do we expect some 
commercials coming from this? 
 
And second question is around the subsidiary of JVs. what kind of products currently they are 
doing? And what revenue do we expect? It is not very clear from the financial documents. 
Management: 
Atim? 
Management: 
I will take this one. While new products are being developed, and the one system which Astra 
is developing for which between us and Premier and one more entity, we have almost 95% of 
what is required already there, okay? Now once we integrate this, and our teams were actually 
there last week, if I'm not wrong -- or this week. 
 
And once we integrate these products into a viable shape with a common command C2, 
command and control center. I think the first prototype should be ready in about 5 to 6 months. 
I'm talking of where we are collaborating with BEL specifically. And there are , trial 
positioning it across for a global market, the way we see it. 
 
So we are not looking at creating products which are solely going to be dependent on Indian 
procurement. We should be able to sell them across the world. But in terms of actual dates for 
realizing commercials out of it, I would hesitate to put timeline on to it honestly. Because 
there's a lot of work which is involved. The JV was signed and announced just a few weeks 
back, right? So that's one. 
 
This product, which we are talking about is an external product which should minimize 
interactions with the existing electronics, etcetera. So that would make it fairly fast enough to 
be adopted. But still prototype is being under development. Ideas are being exchanged, designs 
have been exchanged. So that's the timeline. I don't know which specific JV you are referring 
to in your other subsequent question which you asked. Which JVs are you referring to for the... 
Sarjeet Yadav: 
Astra Rafael. 
Management: 
Astra Rafael. M.V. Reddy? 
Management: 
Yes. Astra Rafael is engaged in design and development and production of software-defined 
radios. All the revenues which are achieved by the company as of now pertains to these 
products. Going forward, it is likely to add electro-optics product line also along with 
Manpack version of software-defined radios, about which we have discussed at a few minutes 
back with other investors. If you ask me, in simple terms, essentially, it is engaged in software-

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
defined radios and the electro-optic products. These are the 2 products which the JV is 
engaged in. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Omkar Chitnis from Trade Brains. 
Omkar Chitnis: 
You mentioned in FY '24 annual report that we are in the advanced stages of development of 
technology in photonics radar and submarine communication. Can you provide an update on 
that for commercialization? 
Management: 
Yes. Photonic radar almost, it is -- final test is going on. Probably we'll be in a position to 
deliver this system to DRDO by December, before December 31. This is what we are 
planning. And the other one is you asked about the NSDL, which is the submarine electronics, 
right? So submarine electronics also, we made a prototype demonstrated to NSDL, and they 
were very happy to see the performance. 
 
And we are going ahead with the -- to complete the total order quantity. And that order also, 
we are in a position to complete it mostly by January or February. So by this year-end, both the 
projects will be executed. 
Omkar Chitnis: 
Okay, understood. Sir, previously provided an export guidance of 22% to 23% for FY '25. Are 
you maintaining this target? Or is there any change in that? 
Management: 
In terms of the percentage, I'm not really sure. But as of now, most of our exports are deemed 
exports, that is -- we are supplying to the domestic EOUs which is, again, largely our joint 
venture company. And also the Bharat Electronics and there's another company called DCX in 
Bangalore. So these are the 3 entities for whom we are supplying under the EOU concept. 
Omkar Chitnis: 
Okay. Sir, my last question was, can you provide update on the telemetry missile which was 
export order of INR140 crores which was planned for this financial year. Any update on that? 
Management: 
We don't have any such orders. 
Omkar Chitnis: 
Telemetry missile. 
Management: 
So telemetry missile, under that category, we manufacture subsystems, not system. And these 
subsystems we have been developing for DRDO and for the production, we are supplying to 
Bharat Dynamics Limited. The Export order probably you are talking about is which BDL is 
expecting order for Akash missile. And for that, we have subsystems in place and we are 
hopeful of getting this particular contract before March or maybe the first quarter of the next 
year as BDL is yet to finalize this particular contract. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rupesh Tatiya from IntelSense Capital. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. Sir, my first question is on radar. So can you give an update on 3 radar programs where 
are we with respect to order received. First is Ashwini LLTR radar, second one is Uttam 
AESA, and third one is X-Band multifunction radar for which Bharat Electronics recently 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
received an INR850 crore contract. So these 3 radar programs, if you can give an update from 
your side? 
Management: 
Yes. The Ashwini as a system, I think the commercial bids have been opened. I think maybe I 
think all of you are aware BEL has been declared as L1. And so in that subsystems, we have to 
see how it goes about the execution in the BEL. So that's the one. And Uttam, yes, we have 
inquiry on hand now for quantities. 
 
So exact quantity and value, I think probably will be in a position to give you by next earnings 
call. But inquiries on hand now. And third one, we were talking about X-Band program, we 
are in discussions with BEL for the quantity which we have developed. So that I think we will 
be expecting some inquiry from BEL soon. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
So for these 3 programs, sir, can you give some indicative potential value and timelines? 
Management: 
Yes. Actually, this -- in fact, Uttam, we have taken some quantity order by March. And in that, 
I think we should be around -- as I mentioned, overall, the orders which if we combine these 
programs, some of the orders like put together, it should be around INR350 crores to INR370 
crores. In that, we have not considered any program, which is in a competitive stage. 
 
So these are all only which are -- we are single party to execute and we're the only one 
qualified supplier. Those cases only we have considered and it is amounting to INR350 crores, 
INR370 crores orders we are planning to book before March '25. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay, sir. And then the second question for is this airborne electronic warfare system, NETRA 
2, where private sector player was declared L1. So are we working with them? Do we expect 
some order for NETRA 2? 
Management: 
Yes. Actually, we are also working with the DRDO for that program. And we are there in the -
- as a subsystem supplier for pod jammers in EW. And we are awaiting for the formal queries 
in this particular segment. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
So that order also we will receive by March '25 or it will... 
Management: 
It will get materialize only in the first quarter of the next year. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
And can you give some indicative range of what is the potential in this one? 
Management: 
Yes, it's a good potential, like the overall quantity. But how much they will take it in the Phase 
I, it all depends on the budget of being allocated. So I think it's too early to comment on that. 
Maybe after a couple of months, we will have more clarity on this. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vipul Kumar Anoopchand Shah from Sumangal Investments. 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
So what will be the investment in this 2 JV, one is this Premier Explosives and another one? 
What will be the amount we will be investing in it? 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Management: 
We are not looking at any substantial investments in the JV with Premier. It's more on the 
technical handholding and working together with each of us contributing whatever we can. 
Maybe we will -- the commercial sector have to be worked out. 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
My second question relates to inventory. So inventories have increased substantially. So is 
there any -- can you attribute any specific reason for the rise in inventories this quarter? 
Management: 
See, most of the inventories, if you look at it out of INR534 crores which is there as inventory, 
almost 50% of that is in the WIP that is a work in progress. We believe that as we have done 
the process of deliveries in Q3 and Q4, this WIP will be converted into the sales. And 
therefore, the inventory should come back to the normal levels by the end of the financial year. 
Moderator: 
Next follow-up question is from the line of Rupesh Tatiya from IntelSense Capital. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
One question is there is this delay in Tejas engine delivery. So how -- I mean, do you -- are 
you seeing any impact on ordering of Uttam AESA radars? That is one. And then Sukhoi 
upgrade program, when do you see commercial supplies to start for Sukhoi program? 
Management: 
Yes. Your first question is on the Uttam. As I mentioned, we have now inquiry on hand. So we 
are hopeful of getting the first phase order maybe by March '25. And on the other hand, the 
delivery, though there was some issue. I understand HAL, they are prepared to cope with this 
thing. I think the more likely the issues got resolved. 
 
So I don't think we'll have any effect on overall schedule. And as I said, the -- as far as the 
radar is concerned, they will go ahead as been planned as they need to get this indigenously 
manufactured. So lead time of component and all these things, they will be considering that. 
So with all this, I think I don't see any major issue in placing orders from subsystem 
manufacturers. 
 
The second contract, which was mentioned Sukhoi-30 upgrades. Yes, as I said, the last time 
also that they are working out on the configuration. And I think it appears that we'll finalize the 
configuration. Soon, we will be getting the tender inquiries. So it's going in a competitive 
mode. And we have to wait and see how it goes about it. But the program is on and the DRDO 
is working on this. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay, sir. And then the second question on counter-drone systems. In counter-drone systems, 
what kind of opportunity do you see what kind of revenue we can expect in 2, 3 years? And 
because it looks to me a little bit competitive feel. So can you maybe give some color on the 
margins? 
Management: 
Actually, the differentiator between other existing competitors to us, we have got the 
indigenously developed technology and total right from the component subsystems to the 
system. We have everything in-house developed. So we have definitely advantage over others. 
 
And the second is as far as the business potential, yes, definitely it's a competitive field. We 
have just started bidding these tenders, and we'll come to know how it goes about it. But we 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
are sure of at least -- to win at least 30% to 35% of the overall market available. So it's difficult 
to mention any numbers as such now because there are many programs in this. Few of them 
are with laser-kill with wherein we -- as I said, we are collaborating with other OEMs. 
 
And in a few cases, there is soft-kill, we are going ahead as a lead integrator and supplier. So 
these programs are there. But definitely, the business size should be -- at least to start with for 
the next year, we are hopeful of getting at least contracts worth of minimum INR200 crores to 
INR250 crores range of orders. This is what actually we had targeted. Now -- but by March, I 
think we'll be in a position to give you exact numbers by how many orders we can book it for 
the next financial year. 
Management: 
You have to let the numbers think for themselves. There are -- how many people have 
demonstrated that indigenous technology, complete counter-drone system, right? You guys are 
in the market, you guys got to figure that out. So we'll rather let the numbers speak. Indigenous 
radars, indigenous jammers, active radars, and passive radars, okay? I think -- I don't think -- 
as of right now, it is as competitive as you think. There are a lot of overseas products 
masquerading as Made in India. Let's see how it pans out over time. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. So then the influence from that is the margin would still be okay, if it would be close to 
company average. 
Management: 
We will let the numbers speak for themselves when it comes in. We don't know what the other 
is going to bid, right? 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. And then the final question, sir, is on any update on ATULYA fire control radar? 
Management: 
Yes. Actually, we are waiting -- I think BEL is working on that. We are a component supplier 
in this particular program. We are expecting a few orders for this particular radar maybe in 
next couple of quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
S. G. Reddy: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation. I look forward to talk to you again at 
the end of Q3. Thank you very much. 
Atim Kabra: 
Thank you very much. 
M. V. Reddy: 
Thank you, everybody. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Astra Microwave Products Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
