                
Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Registered Office: # 215 Atrium, C Wing, 8th Floor, 819-
821, Andheri Kurla Road, Chakala, Andheri East, Chakala 
Midc, Mumbai- 400093, Maharashtra, India 
Tel: 91 22 61539999 
Corporate Office: # 202, A-Wing, Galaxy Towers, Plot 
No.1, Hyderabad Knowledge City, TSIIC, Raidurg, 
Hyderabad - 500081 Telangana, India 
Tel: 91 40 2354 9414 / 3311 
Email: info@suvenpharm.com I Website: www.suvenpharm.com I CIN: L24299MH2018PLC422236 
CSD/BSE&NSE/CC/2024-25 
December 13, 2024 
 
 
To 
The Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
 
To 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543064 
Scrip Symbol: SUVENPHAR 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the conference call for acquisition of stake in NJ Bio, Inc. 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the conference call for acquisition of stake in NJ Bio, Inc. conducted on December 
09, 2024.  
 
The 
above 
information 
has 
been 
uploaded 
on 
the 
Company's 
website 
at 
https://www.suvenpharm.com/financial-info/  
 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
 
Kundan Kumar Jha 
Company Secretary, Compliance Officer and 
Head-Legal 
 
 
Encl: as above 
KUNDAN 
KUMAR JHA
Digitally signed by 
KUNDAN KUMAR JHA 
Date: 2024.12.13 
18:51:58 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 8 
 
 
 
Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Investor/Analyst Conference Call Transcript 
December 09, 2024 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Investor and Analyst Conference Call of 
Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Cyndrella Carvalho from Suven Pharmaceuticals 
Limited. Thank you and over to you. 
Cyndrella Carvalho 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to this special Suven Pharma Conference Call 
to discuss our strategic intent to acquire majority stake in NJ Bio Inc. 
Join me today with me, our Executive Chairman - Mr. Vivek Sharma; our Managing Director 
– Dr. Prasada Raju; our CEO - Dr. Sudhir Singh and our CFO - Mr. Himanshu Agarwal. We 
will outline the transaction, its rationale and strategic value before opening the floor for Q&A. 
I now invite our Chairman, Mr. Vivek Sharma to share his insight on this deal. 
Vivek Sharma 
Thank you, Cyndrella. Good morning, everyone. We are excited to announce Suven’s intent 
to acquire NJ Bio, a leading antibody drug conjugate ADC company focused CRDMO based 
out of New Jersey, Princeton, New Jersey. This acquisition is aligned with our vision of being 
a global technology led CDMO with end-to-end capabilities in ADC development and position 
us uniquely to capitalize on the high growth ADC market. The acquisition also helped us 
expand the footprint in the US, the hub of ADC innovation. 
Dr. Naresh Jain, the founder and CEO of NJ Bio is a very well renowned scientist and highly 
respected name in the ADC domain. A PhD from Boston University and a Post Doctoral Fellow 
at the Scripps Research Institute, Dr. Jain’s career includes over a decade in senior R&D roles 
at J&J. He has also earlier founded The Chemical Research Solution, TCRS, an ADC focused 
CRO. Under his leadership, NJ Bio has rapidly grown into a US $32 million revenue company 
and has been a trusted partner to over 150 innovator customers including the small, mid and 
large pharmaceutical companies, Biotechs and CDMOs. 
NJ Bio has served over 150 customers till date, actively working with 40-50 clients at any time 
and successfully delivered over 500 projects across the last 5 years of operation. NJ Bio has 
won several accolades including Best CRO in the prestigious World ADC Awards for 4 
consecutive years that is from 2021-2024. We at Suven are very excited to partner with Dr. 
Jain and his team and welcome them to the Suven family. Dr. Jain’s continued leadership as 

 
Page 2 of 8 
CEO of NJ Bio ensures continuity and deep domain expertise for Suven’s strategic vision. We 
are confident that partnership will significantly exuberate our journey to becoming a global 
leader in this fast-evolving space. 
I will ask Dr. Prasada Raju to share his insights. 
Prasada Raju 
Thank you, Vivek. Very good morning to all of you. A warm welcome to you. 
We are very excited about the collaboration as it deepens our pioneering position in ADC and 
expands our capabilities and competencies in the emerging modalities. NJ Bio has built strong 
end-to-end ADC chemistry capabilities across payload-linker synthesis, bioconjugation and 
bioanalytical services, thus making it as one stop solution for the biosimilars. NJ Bio’s ability 
is to provide expression conjugation services by leveraging its deep library of payload linkers 
has also been a strong value proposition. The integration of NJ Bio's capabilities with Suven 
Cohance brings unparallel synergies. NJ Bio’s expertise in linker and bioconjugation 
technologies perfectly complements Suven leadership in payload chemistry and 
manufacturing at GMP level, together now provide a seamless solution from discovery to 
commercial manufacturing, creating a significant value to our existing and new customers. 
Beyond ADC’s, NJ Bio also offers superior capabilities in expanded drug conjugates and new 
modalities, including radioconjugates, oligonucleotide conjugation and mRNA technologies. 
These platforms broaden Suven’s abilities to serve emerging modalities rapidly, gaining 
traction in the industry, making it one of the few CRDMOs within USA plus India footprint and 
presents across major new modalities like ADC, Nucleic acid chemistry and mRNA. 
Capacity wise, the NJ Bio adds state-of-the-art R&D and GMP suits across its Princeton facility 
supported by a talented team of over 140 employees, including 100 plus scientists. The 
combined platform also gets a dual location advantage with an expansion of its foothold in the 
USA, the hub of antibody drug conjugates innovation globally. With minimal customer overlap, 
we see significant cross sell opportunities as well. His strategic transaction definitely enhances 
our differentiated technology platform, which is in line with our thesis of creating a technology 
led unique CDMO platform globally and ensures Suven continues to deliver exceptional value 
in niche and high growth markets. 
With this, I would request Himanshu to take you through about the financial aspects of it. 
Thank you. 
Himanshu Agarwal 
Thank you, Dr. Prasada. Let me walk you through the financial controls of this transaction. 
Suven is acquiring a 56% stake at a pre-money equity value of approximately US $100 million 
valuing it at low to mid-teens EV/EBITDA for CY25. Dr. Naresh Jain will retain his stake in the 
company and will continue to lead NJ Bio in its next phase of growth, along with the senior 
leadership group and a skilled scientific workforce that he has brought together over the years. 
Suven shall invest US $64.4 million through a combination of secondary acquisition as well 
as primary capital infusion. This includes US $49.4 million for buying out the existing minority 
shareholders other than Dr. Jain and his family. US $15 million as primary equity infusion that 
will be mainly used for future growth requirements that are the GMP expansion at the existing 
Princeton facility. Balance stake will be held by Dr. Jain and his family with a call and put 
option arrangement for Suven to acquire the balance stake after 5 years. 
NJ Bio has scaled up rapidly in last few years and is expected to achieve in the 12 month 
ending December ‘24, a revenue of US $32 million reflecting a 70% CAGR in the last 4 years. 
The company has consistently invested for future growth including the recently setting up of a 
CGMP compliant manufacturing facility and also investments in R&D to develop novel 
technology platforms relating to ADC drug development. This transaction is executed in the 
midterm with operating leverage expected to drive significant EBITDA growth. As NJ Bio 
scales its GMP capabilities well supported by Suven and Cohance USFDA approved GMP 
capacities. The transaction is expected to close before the end of December, subject to 
regulatory approvals. Suven’s strong balance sheet with a cash reserve of 6.5 billion as of 
September 24 positions us well to support the strategic investment. 

 
Page 3 of 8 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Thank you, team. With this acquisition, Suven has taken a step forward in our journey to lead 
an end-to-end ADC space combining deep technology expertise with dual location advantage. 
We now open the floor for question and answers. Over to you, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will take a 
first question from the line of Harith Ahamed from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Harith Ahamed: 
So, I was just trying to understand NJ Bio’s capabilities a little better, NJ’s capabilities in linkers 
and bioconjugation, does NJ have capabilities in these areas at a commercial scale or late 
clinical scale? And if not, will NJ Invest to build capabilities at a commercial scale and or late 
clinical scale? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Just from an overall value chain standpoint, as you understand, at Suven, we are active on 
payloads at a commercial scale especially on Camptothecin based and Tubulin inhibitors. In 
ADC, there are two more important elements which are linker and bioconjugation with 
monoclonal antibody which we don't have a capability today. That is where NJ brings us the 
value addition. That is the first part of your question. Second part of your question, do they 
have abilities to manufacture at a commercial scale with GMP that has been the strategic 
intent and endeavor they have been doing it and as we are speaking, even in the current year 
also, they are able to create meaningful revenues out of GMP with the state-of-the-art 
manufacturing capability that they have . Having said that, as you understand along with the 
molecule, the manufacturing capacity has to be expanded together with Suven and NJ Bio, 
we should be able to help them to expand the manufacturing capacities also for future supplies 
in the GMP level as well. Otherwise, they do have footprint and capabilities available with 
them. 
Harith Ahamed: 
And then my second question is related. The combined platform Suven plus NJ, what is 
missing in the overall ADC CDMO services, is monoclonal antibody manufacturing and fill 
finish capabilities? So, here again, the addressable market that you have shared excludes 
these two areas, which account for a large part of the overall ADC services market. So, how 
should we think about potential entry into these areas and any plans to kind of become a fully 
integrated player in the ADC services market? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
To begin with we strongly believe in leveraging with our strengths. That is the reason we have 
not added the other two elements, and we feel there is enough market opportunity that we can 
unlock in mid-term to short-term both from abilities of manufacturing payloads and with an 
additional capability that we have gotten from NJ Bio with linker library coupled with 
bioconjugation. Over a period of time, if business makes sense to us, we might look at it, but 
in our current radar, we better to play with our strengths, hence we have not included that as 
well because there are better strong players who can do these activities outside of us. 
Harith Ahamed: 
And last one with your permission, can you talk a bit about the competitive intensity in the 
ADC or broader XDC CRDMO space because one of your Indian peers have talked a lot about 
their integrated capabilities, we have seen how she has separated XDC and they are also 
talking about integrated capabilities. So, given the number of drug candidates in space are we 
also seeing a lot of competition or response from CRDMO players to add ADC capabilities 
and that kind of increasing the competitive intensity for players like Suven? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
I can only say one thing. Probably, we might not be able to comment on somebody and on 
behalf of somebody. Having said that, how we differentiate ourselves when compared with 
any of the rivalries that you are trying to mention, with a deeper scientific capability, we have 
a synthetic surrogate of manufacturing under the GMP. That is a unique value proposition that 
we have. The number of payload linkers which are covered as a part of NJ Bio library is also 
one of the unique value proposition. You don't see so many companies outside of us. With 
these two, in fact the addressable market, it is related to your second question has actually 
got expanded by almost 5-7X higher than what it was when it is standalone Suven business 
of antibody drug conjugates. I think we feel we have enough headroom and an addressable 
market without a differentiation of supplying to the commercial products of commercially 
approved its GMP capabilities and coupled with the latest technologies that we are able to get 
it through NJ Bio we strongly feel we are well positioned to maintain same kind of a growth 
momentum for us. 

 
Page 4 of 8 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Jatin Chawla from RTL Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Jatin Chawla: 
So, my question is, how important is it on the ADC side to be part of the molecule at an early 
stage, so between NJ Bio’s early stage and commercial manufacturing capability that you plan 
to build, whilst both are important. Strategically from your perspective, what is more important? 
That is the first question? And the second is how important is it for you to have a US based 
manufacturing site from your client’s perspective? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
So, when we have looked at the current market, definitely every company wanted to see end-
to-end solution. And as you understand, the body of the knowledge is built in the very early 
stage, which we are not so active right now. We are predominantly on the GMP manufacturing 
side of it. When we enter into the molecule along with the customer, we can have a seamless 
starting from early stage and we can follow the molecule till end of the commercialization. 
From that standpoint, these competencies organically, we might not be able to build in few 
years, hence, we have taken this route of acquiring these competencies. It is extremely 
important; the body of the knowledge will be expanded and it is definitely useful for us to follow 
through the molecule. The second point is, as you understand more than 280 plus active 
molecules, the current pipeline is more than 1000, the predominant research is happening in 
US. Obviously, there is an offshore presence and people wanted to have presence in US for 
their needs both from mid to large pharma companies that is where our US manufacturing 
facility and R&D will always be helpful for us. While we can strike a balance on the cost 
containment if at all there is any cost pressure comes in, we always have Indian operation 
when there is an innovation led and the time has to be the most critical component, our US 
manufacturing side will always be helpful to us. Specifically, from a platform technology led, 
the combination of both India and West will always be helpful from a customer standpoint. 
That is what we learned from our customers when we spoke in formally. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Girish Bakhru from OrbiMed. Please go ahead. 
Girish Bakhru: 
Just wanted more split on this $32 million, is it more coming from linker or conjugation? Can 
you give some color on that? 
Sudhir Singh: 
This is Sudhir Singh. So, the way it works that it is never differentiated between linker, how 
much of the revenue from linker, how much from a conjugation. When the project comes, there 
are two ways of doing projects in this NJ Bio. One is the discovery project. Discovery Project 
is mostly on a FTE based where the customer comes and deploy FTs and that is charged per 
FTE basis which includes payload, linker, conjugation, the whole process. Even in the 
development also, there is no distribution of revenue or how much is for linker. This is the 
bundle project. When customer comes, they come from a payload along with linker and 
conjugation. So, the whole revenue is counted as one point. 
Girish Bakhru: 
Just as a combined entity, when we see with Suven taking deeper presence via CGMP, do 
you see overall this strategy to change from essentially like taking more fee based work to 
more manufacturing based work? Just wanted to get more sense on whether, the idea is to 
essentially do more of the chemistry or more manufacturing? 
Sudhir Singh: 
Actually, the strategy doesn't change. As Prasada said in the beginning that when customer 
comes, customers come to you at a discovery level, and they want to see seamless 
progression of the molecule from discovery all the way to the clinical and commercial. Suven 
will complement NJ Bio in terms of back-end payload manufacturing and the same time NJ 
Bio will complement to our customer, let us say, we have customer whom we are supplying a 
payload and if they have a need in terms of linker and conjugation and that is where the NJ 
Bio can complement us. So, it is a win-win for the organization in terms of capabilities. As we 
said that we are strong in manufacturing payload, GMP manufacturing and NJ Bio is strong in 
linker and conjugation. 
Girish Bakhru: 
And just broadly a very generic question, if you were to, let us say bifurcate cost of ADC 
manufacturing, how much is the linker toxin as part of the overall cost? Can you give a 
percentage? 

 
Page 5 of 8 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
It is hard to give, but majority stays with the payload and linker, bioconjugation is a smaller 
portion. 
Girish Bakhru: 
When is the majority, the 20%-30% or higher than that? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
No more than that. 
Girish Bakhru: 
And just lastly, there are of course too many companies working in the warheads market while 
this 150 customers number is good, how do you see yourself stacking in terms of the extent 
of libraries that you mentioned and the technology with combined entity with peers, if you were 
to rank among yourself? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
So, as I think in the beginning, when Dr. Prasada said that that is where the NJ Bio has a 
unique value proposition, the number of new linkers, what they have, the library of the new 
linkers, what they have, that is a unique and some of the people who track this market, they 
will also understand that NJ Bio has a reputation, at least in the US market, that nobody else 
has. I heard about WuXi and others, but in terms of science, in terms of talent, in terms of 
capabilities, the promoter of NJ Bio, Dr. Naresh Jain, himself is a well-known scientist. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Ninad Sarpotdar from Aditya Birla 
Money. Please go ahead. 
Ninad Sarpotdar: 
Previously, Suven had the capability for ADC, on Camptothecin based ADC particularly, so 
does this acquisition add anymore capabilities or any more families of ADC to your product 
basket? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
So, this is predominantly, on the value chain progression which is linker and bioconjugation 
because Suven we have enough capabilities of abilities to manufacture payloads of 
Camptothecin and Auristatin at a commercial scale. So, this is more to do with progressing on 
the value chain towards linker and bioconjugation. And of course, to the previous question 
what Girish has asked for, while there are 150 customers, we have experienced in working for 
the last 4 years at NJ Bio, currently active customers are close to 40-45. The whole intent is 
even for NJ, for them to be able to travel to the various phases of the molecule till the 
commercialization, our facilities from India which is GMP and regulatory approved will also be 
adding value to it. Hence, we don't really look at any challenges there. In fact, that is the most 
exciting and complementary skill we have both from NJ Bio to Suven. 
Ninad Sarpotdar: 
I just wanted to ask how are the margins looking for NJ Bio if you can give out the number? 
Vivek Sharma: 
So, we had said that we have acquired this in the range of around mid-teens EV/EBITDA, so 
the multiple is around that. Our sense is that progressively the margins would be more closer 
to 20% plus. That is what our expectation of this business is. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Chirag Shah from Whitepine Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Shah: 
So, once you are able to consume the acquisition, regulatory processes, although it takes 
time, how should one look at ramp up and cost leverage? How much time will it take? Why I 
am asking this is, you mentioned there is minimal overlap of customers. So, if you can just 
share your initial thoughts on how do you look at ramp up qualitatively and product wise our 
cross leveraging? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Chirag, under cross leverage standpoint, we have been very active in communicating with our 
customers as our opinion is as soon as we complete the transaction in full, we should be able 
to co-position ourselves in front of our customers. Hence, it doesn't take too much time. From 
a cost leverage standpoint, of course, it takes time for us maybe anywhere between 1-2 years, 
but otherwise predominantly we are looking for customer level cost leverages because the 
competencies are unique and distinct between both the assets which would happen 
immediately. 

 
Page 6 of 8 
Chirag Shah: 
And second is, this $15 million investment that you are making in NJ Bio, so can you just help 
us understand what are the primary drivers? It is more about capacity addition because more 
molecules are getting added or it is more about scale up for existing supplies that you are 
doing? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
So, again, this question related to both Harith and Jatin has asked similar point. It is towards 
progress of the business, more importantly in the more number of projects and traction that 
we are able to see for GMP manufacturing, hence, this investment will be predominantly used 
for expansion of our GMP capabilities within US. 
Chirag Shah: 
When you say expansion, what is the quantum of expansion? So, are you doubling the 
capacity that they have currently with this $15 million or what exactly when you say expansion? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
It is not, I would say, in kiloliter or in metric ton it can be measured, it is more of a competency. 
For example, if a customer comes in, we have to create a separate dedicated suite for it, which 
is extremely unique for their requirements. So, we would say just to support the growth of the 
business and customer needs to travel from early to late stage this investment will be given, 
obviously 2X and 3X of expansion that we can think about it. Because we have civil structure 
available and we have the facility available, it is only the question of creating rooms in a way 
that we should be able to manufacture. Today, we don't have a full answer of what kind of 
product is going to come to us, but we know broadly what competency is needed. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Nishant Vass from 360 One Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Nishant Vass: 
Just a couple of questions. First, Dr. Prasada, could you talk a bit more on the potential 
synergies from NJ Bio for the Sapala side? Dr. Prasada, just wanted to get some sense from 
you on the potential synergies that NJ Bio brings for the oligonucleotides portion of for Sapala, 
considering you are also looking to ramp that up, so any thoughts that you have on the Sapala 
side as well for NJ? And the second question was in terms of considering you seem quite 
heavily invested this NJ on a research standpoint, I think could you give us a mix of your PhD 
to scientist ratio in NJ? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
From a synergy standpoint, it is also an interesting component where we have identified there 
are XDCs, there are emerging modalities which are happening with radionuclide compounds 
and Oligo. That is where NJ Bio stands out uniquely in the global space of XDCs, where they 
have been able to identify application possibilities of Oligo. Having said that, we are at a very 
early stage of the molecules and we also wanted to leverage our abilities to manufacture the 
product at a GMP scale and we try to travel through the evolution journey. Otherwise, we are 
active and we feel very strong about Sapala’s Oligo capabilities will become a value addition 
to it. So, from a PhD’s to scientist is almost 3:1 ratio right now and based on the business 
needs, we might expand in future as well. 
Nishant Vass: 
So, part of that investment will be towards improving that mix further? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
That is right. Whatever capacity that we expand, we will also add enough scientific muscle to 
ensure that the capacity is fully put into the effective use. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Saion Mukherjee from Nomura. 
Please go ahead. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
So, this $32 million revenue that you are looking at for this year, I would assume most of it is 
contract research revenues, can you break this up into, let us say, how much is based on FTE 
best effort basis and as per fee per service typically, what is the composition of the contracts 
that you typically get in the space? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Saion, while the predominant business as a core is on the preclinical to clinical this year, which 
is the current year, there is also a substantial portion of GMPs coming in that is where gives 
us the confidence that we can expand our capabilities to get into GMP. It should allow us for 
some time to go deeper and build our own prospects about how business evolution happens. 

 
Page 7 of 8 
Otherwise, very happy to inform you that the current year itself has a substantial portion 
coming from GMP manufacturing. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Current year means for this Calendar ‘24 in this $32 million that you are talking about? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
That is right. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
And I don't know if you have discussed this, but you have shared any pipeline that NJ Bio 
currently has in terms of the number of projects that are currently ongoing? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
We haven't shared anything. Of course, in future calls, definitely we should be able to provide 
that information because there are a lot of projects which are active or preclinical to discovery 
and there are few projects which are active in Phase 1 and 2 as well and progressively, we 
will definitely come back with how the pipeline is getting expanded. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Surya Patra from Phillip Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Surya Patra: 
My first question is about the library of payload linkers and the express conjugation services 
what you have indicated about NJ, can you give more clarity about that in terms of, can it be 
quantifiable or can it be quantified either in terms of the value or in terms of the number of 
projects that is there created and since it is a complementing capability to Suven’s payload, 
so whether it is compatible with Suven’s payload? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Yes, we understand ADC is also in a new arena of ADC. Historically, ADC is going to be 
defined predominantly by select monoclonal antibodies and more importantly a lot of research 
is to happen in the modification of payloads. As we understand the latest set of ADCs, the real 
research is happening on the payloads. With the extent of the library of payloads what we 
have from NJ Bio will also help us to attract customers from both payload to right conjugation 
for them to provide a right full scale offering which will also add value to us from selling the 
existing payloads as well. It is a very rapidly evolving space, and the knowledge of different 
linkers, as you understand linkers are also changing soluble, insoluble, lot of changes are 
happening on the linker side of it. The body of the knowledge which is seen in the form of a 
library should be construed as not just a mere number. It gives enough confidence about the 
scientific capabilities of NJ Bio in front of the customer. That is where real value addition and 
ticket to play is happening there. We strongly feel the knowledge available in the form of the 
library coupled with payload capabilities that we have it and abilities to expand into 
bioconjugation will definitely create a superior value to our customers. 
Surya Patra: 
Sir, I was telling is it possible to say something about the profitability of the NJ, knowing the 
aspect of the criticality of this business or service offering, the margin profile looks low. Any 
specific reasons or it is the people cost which is having a significant say at this moment, going 
ahead could have a kind of relatively better? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
See, at this point of time, we have called out one aspect that going forward CY25 onwards, 
we should be looking at a margin profile of 20% plus EBITDA. My suggestion is that you should 
allow some time to understand what management can bring value working collaboratively with 
NJ Bio’s management as well as us to see how the profile is, why the profile is, the way the 
profile is and how and what we can do to this particular profile. 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
And also to add to our CFO, as you understand, you can imagine companies growing at 70% 
CAGR and they were also in the phase of high CAPEX. Normally, CAPEX comes with OPEX 
as well. We have a clear line of sight, what kind of key growth drivers and lever can help us to 
really expand the overall margin profile and profitability and we certainly feel confident that it 
will be improved going forward.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Cyndrella Carvalho for closing comments. Over to you. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Thank you everyone for joining and we look forward to connect again post our Q3 earnings 
call. Thank you so much. 

 
Page 8 of 8 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Thank you everyone. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
