 
 
November 19, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze 
Jeejeebhoy 
Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543212 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block - G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: BOROLTD 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call 
 
Please find attached transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on Wednesday, 
November 13, 2024.  
 
The aforesaid transcript is also available on the Company's website at www.borosil.com. 
 
You are requested to take the same on records.  
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Borosil Limited 
 
 
 
 
Anshu Agarwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
FCS – 9921 
 
 
Encl: as above 
Anshu 
Arvind 
Agarwal
Digitally signed 
by Anshu Arvind 
Agarwal 
Date: 2024.11.19 
14:53:31 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
 
“Borosil Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 13, 2024 
 
 
 
 
                
  
         
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SHREEVAR KHERUKA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – BOROSIL LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH KUMAR CHAUDHARY – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
BOROSIL LIMITED 
 
MR. ANAND SULTANIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – BOROSIL 
LIMITED 
 
MR. RITURAJ SHARMA: – PRESIDENT, CONSUMER PRODUCTS – 
BOROSIL LIMITED 
 
MR. BALESH TALAPADY – VICE PRESIDENT, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
AND BUSINESS ANALYSIS – BOROSIL LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. NILESH PATIL – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Borosil Limited Q2 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need any assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nilesh Patil from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nilesh Patil: 
Thanks, Shifa. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to Q2 FY '25 results 
conference call of Borosil Limited. We have with us Mr. Shreevar Kheruka, MD and CEO; 
Mr. Rajesh Kumar Chaudhary, Whole-Time Director; Mr. Anand Sultania, CFO; Mr. Rituraj 
Sharma, President-Consumer Products; and Mr. Balesh Talapady, VP, Investor Relations. 
Now I hand over the call to management team for their initial comments on quarterly 
performance, and then we will open the floor for question-and-answer session. Thanks, and 
over to you, Rituraj, sir. 
Rituraj Sharma: 
Thank you, Nilesh, and ICICI Securities for arranging this call. Good evening to every one of 
you. The Borosil team is delighted to be communicating with you once again. I'm pleased to 
inform you that Borosil Limited's Board has approved the financial results for Q2 FY '25 and 
H1 FY '25 during our meeting on November 13, 2024. We have submitted our results and an 
updated presentation to the stock exchanges, and they are also available on our company's 
website for your review. 
 
I'm happy to share that Borosil Limited had a strong performance in H1 FY '25 with revenue 
from operations reaching INR490.7 crores compared to INR410.9 crores in the same period 
last year. This impressive year-over-year growth of 19.4% places us among the top performers 
in the industry, reflecting the strength of our strategy, our operational focus and most 
importantly, the trust and loyalty of our customers. This growth showcases how well we are 
navigating challenges and making the most of new opportunities, solidifying Borosil's role as a 
leader in the market. 
 
In H1 FY '25, the company achieved an operating EBITDA (before investment income) of 
INR 82.2 crores, up from INR 62 crores in H1 FY '24, reflecting our continued emphasis on 
efficiency and growth. The operating EBITDA margin for H1 FY '25 was 16.8% compared to 
15.1% in the same period last year. The company has incurred higher A&SP expenses of INR 
12.8 crores during H1 FY '25 and INR 7.4 crores during Q2 FY '25 as compared to the same 
period during the last year. The higher A&SP expenses is attributed to the preponement of the 
Diwali festival this year compared to last year, with the benefits expected to reflect in the 
subsequent quarter. However, the annual A&SP expenditure is expected to remain consistent 
with the previous year. 
 
Notably, other income includes INR 8.42 crores from shared service support income with 
associated expenses captured under total expenses. Profit before tax for H1 FY '25 came in at 
INR 38.8 crores as against INR 32 crores in H1 FY '24, driven by both operational 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
improvements and higher investment income, which was up by about INR 6.36 crores year-
over-year. On the other hand, depreciation and finance costs increased by approximately INR 
19.84 crores primarily due to the commissioning of our new borosilicate glass furnace in Q4 
FY '24. As a result, our profit after tax for H1 FY '25 reached INR 27.6 crores as compared to 
INR 23.5 crores during the same period last year. 
 
As per the Union budget 2024, the discontinuation of indexation benefits on long-term capital 
assets, effective July 23, 2024, has resulted in a reversal of deferred tax credit in Q2 FY '25. 
This has led to higher taxation for the quarter, thereby impacting the profit after tax by INR 
1.33 crores. 
 
Now let's dive into our category-wise performance for H1 FY '25. Borosil's consumer division 
continues to grow across both glassware and non-glassware categories under the Borosil brand, 
along with our other opalware range under the Larah brand. The Larah opalware segment 
celebrated for its modern design and high quality, reported impressive sales of INR 181.3 
crores in H1 FY '25, up from INR 158 crores in H1 FY '24, marking a growth of 14.7%. 
 
In our glassware segment, which includes borosilicate microwavables, serving ware, glass 
tumblers, lunchbox and storage solutions, we saw an exceptional year-over-year growth of 
32.6% with revenues reaching INR 116.7 crores in H1 FY '25 compared to INR 88 crores in 
H1 FY '24. 
 
The non-glassware segment, covering an array of small home appliances, insulated bottles and 
flask, cookware and other kitchen essentials also posted a strong performance, achieving a 
16.9% increase in revenue. 
 
Turnover for this segment reached INR 192.7 crores in H1 FY '25 compared to INR 164.9 
crores in H1 FY '24. This outstanding performance highlights the successful execution of our 
strategy to broaden the Borosil portfolio catering to the varied culinary and serving needs of 
Indian households. It also reaffirms the enduring strength and broad appeal of Borosil brand 
across multiple product categories. 
 
During the quarter ended June 30, 2024, the company successfully raised INR 150 crores 
through a QIP to facilitate the repayments/prepayment of long-term project loans, working 
capital loans and for general corporate purposes. Of the total QIP proceeds, INR 105 crores 
have been utilized for the repayment of working capital loans, INR 39 crores for the 
repayment/prepayment of long-term project loans and the remaining balance after accounting 
for QIP issue expenses has been temporarily invested in high credit quality short-term money 
market instruments. We currently have a net debt of INR 88.6 crores. 
 
We are pleased to update you that the external rating agency, ICRA, has upgraded Borosil 
Limited’s long-term rating to AA- stable, while the short-term rating has been reaffirmed to 
A1+. This upgrade reflects the healthy improvement in our credit profile and the expectation of 
stability in the near to medium term. This positive development highlights our strong brand 
presence in the consumer ware market, supported by a diversified product portfolio. Our 
extensive domestic distribution network and a broad customer base have been instrumental in 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
achieving this milestone. This upgrade reaffirms our commitment to excellence and positions 
us well for sustaining growth. 
 
At Larah, we believe dining should blend beauty with functionality, elevating everyday 
moments into memorable experiences. That's why we are thrilled to present the Premia dinner 
set collection, a sophisticated addition to our line of premium kitchenware. Designed to elevate 
dining experiences, the Premia collection is an exquisite blend of aesthetic appeal and practical 
functionality, making it the perfect choice for modern homes. 
The Premia dinner set features intricately embossed designs, adding timeless elegance and 
luxury to any dining table. Crafted from high-quality materials, it offers exceptional durability 
and resists every days wear and tear. The versatile design complements traditional and modern 
settings alike, creating memorable dining experiences. 
 
Since we acquired Larah in 2016, this flagship brand has been on a strong growth path. Larah's 
success speaks volumes about our strategic vision, operational excellence and dedication to 
customer satisfaction. Sales for Larah has grown at a CAGR of 22% rising from INR 87 crores 
in FY '16-17 to an impressive INR 358 crores in FY '23-24. This growth highlights the impact 
of our acquisition strategy, where we not only refreshed the brand image, but also streamlined 
operations and adjusted market positioning to unlock new opportunities. 
Likewise, our non-glassware segment has turned into a powerful growth engine for Borosil. 
With a CAGR of 50% non-glassware sales have soared from INR 23 crores in FY '16-17 to 
INR 387 crores in FY '23-24. This achievement underscores our commitment to expanding our 
product portfolio and staying ahead of our customers' evolving needs. 
 
The new borosilicate glassware furnace is indeed a significant milestone. By expanding 
production capacity, we are effectively meeting the increasing demand while strategically 
reducing dependency on imports. This aligns perfectly with our mission to encourage a shift 
from plastic and steel towards healthier, sustainable glass options. Combining product 
innovation with accessible pricing has clearly struck a chord, particularly in categories such as 
lunch boxes, a product with everyday use that appeals across all age groups. As awareness of 
glassware's benefit grows, this trend is set for sustained momentum, positioning our brand as a 
leader in sustainable and accessible choices. 
 
In recent years, Borosil Consumer business has strategically expanded beyond its original 
focus on microwavable glass products, establishing 3 robust growth pillars. Glassware, non-
glassware and opalware that now anchor our sustainable growth path. Each of these divisions 
has seen substantial growth and is well positioned for further expansion as consumer adoption 
and usage continue to increase. 
Our new product lines, such as launch of Premia, Borosil square mixing bowl, borosilicate 
barware range, Coffeemate, air fryers and gas stove have stuck a cord with consumers. 
Likewise, our fresh designs in opalware, including lunch boxes, storage set and kulhad mug 
have gained significant popularity strengthening our presence in the market and enhancing our 
brands appeal across a broader audience. 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
 
At present, our main objective is to broaden our brand. We are dedicated to transitioning 
consumers from plastic and melamine to glass storage and opalware, while also encouraging 
greater use of microwavable product. 
 
To diversify our offerings, we consistently introduce new items such as portable high-grade 
steel products and home appliances. Our ultimate goal is to position Borosil and Larah as the 
preferred brands in modern Indian kitchen for all storage preparation, cooking, heating and 
serving needs. 
 
We are confident in the medium-term outlook for our business. While we may counter phase 
of slower growth and cautious consumer sentiment, which are typical of market cycles, we 
remain optimistic about the long-term growth potential. 
 
Our strategy is centred on broadening our consumer reach through precise targeted initiatives 
introducing cutting-edge products that align with the shifting needs of our customers and 
streamlining our supply chain marketing efforts for maximum impact. 
 
With that, I would like to throw the floor open to questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We have first question from the line of Mr. Varij Bangur from Brescon Ventures. 
Waris Bangur: 
So congratulations for a good set of numbers. So I think a year down the line, our opalware 
capacity will be consumed, if I'm not wrong. So my first question is that do we have any 
product pipeline, let's say, where we want to put up a capacity in order to continue our growth 
trajectory? 
 
And the second question is on the BIS implementation, like now we are 2 months into the BIS 
implementation. And do you see that the domestic supply chains are -- have the capacity to 
fulfil our non-glassware segment or we need to put in our own capacity whenever this 
inventory from China ends. Those are my 2 questions. 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
As far as our opalware capacity is concerned, I would say that we have at least 2 years to go 
before we fully utilize the capacity. We have some debottlenecking waiting this year. So I 
think we will take that call probably sometime in the next year. And as far as BIS is concerned, 
I believe that we have imported enough inventories and we have domestic sourcing also, which 
will help us let's say, transition away from imports to domestic sourcing in adequate time, and 
therefore, it should be relatively seamless, this whole transition. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from Aman from Seven Rivers Holdings. 
Aman: 
I have a few questions. So first is on gross margins. So GM has sort of come off from previous 
quarter. So is it because of product mix? Or is it because of price cuts? Because some of our 
peers have mentioned that Q2 had higher-than-expected price cuts affecting their value growth. 
So how is that progressing for us? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Anand, you want to take that? 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
Anand Sultania: 
Yes. So it's about the product mix on account of product mix, there is a change in gross 
margin. 
Aman: 
So to clarify, I don't mean taken any price cuts. Of course... 
Anand Sultania: 
There's been no price cuts. 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Okay. So we are selling more lunch boxes across the range, then therefore, they are priced 
slightly lower in general compared to the mixing volume. So there will be some impact there. 
But I don't think it's worth reading into that trend in the sense that we are not distorting a 
product to sell to achieve higher sales. 
Aman: 
And sir, we have like done 25% growth in glassware. What's the contribution of pressware 
products in this? If you could give us some idea there? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
I think pressware has gone more than glassware in the sense that the other part of glassware are 
actually -- have some big loads. So pressware only contributes to 30%, but I guess the exact 
numbers, I'm not having in front of me, but maybe some of my team can clarify. 
Rituraj Sharma: 
So Shreevar, you're right. The majority of the growth is coming from the pressware segment 
only and from the lunch boxes that we have done. 
Aman: 
And on working capital, so we are at about 8 to 9 months of inventory on cost now. I believe 
that's planned because of Diwali quarter. But do you have a target for this FY close? If not a 
target, would you say it will be lower compared to FY '24? 
Anand Sultania: 
So September is not the right month where we look at the right inventory level probably. So 
October and going forward also third quarter, we'll have higher sales probably. So on an 
annualized basis, probably -- we should not be much higher than where we were on March '24. 
And some of the inventories have been added because of the BIS regulations. So overall, I 
think we should have a comfortable position by the end of this financial year. 
Aman: 
Yes. So -- and sir, one last question. There are some news reports making rounds that Borosil 
Limited plans to do some CapEx in Gujarat. So if you could share some more information on 
that. Was it -- is it for bottles or anything else? 
Anand Sultania: 
No, at the moment, we don't have such plans. If there's anything probably it will be approved 
in the Board and it will be informed to everybody at the right forum. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from Jasdeep Walia from Clockvine Capital. 
Jasdeep Walia 
Sir, does this quarter have an element of higher festival stocking versus last year on account of 
seasonality and hence, maybe we can expect sales growth likely to be subdued in the next 
quarter, which is the December quarter? 
Balesh Talapady: 
Yes, Jasdeep, can you just repeat that question? Your voice is a little muffled. 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Jasdeep Walia 
Yes. Sir, does this quarter have an element of higher festival stocking versus last year? And 
hence, is the sales growth likely to be subdued in the next quarter? Because I think last year's 
festival stocking would have happened in third quarter, right? 
Rituraj Sharma: 
So, Jasdeep, the stocking is higher because of the earlier Diwali compared to last year, but it 
does not imply that the sales growth would be lower in the next quarter. Sales growth is a 
regular kind of a thing. 
Jasdeep Walia 
Got it, sir. Got it. And sir, any -- sir, what is the amount we'll be spending on CapEx this year? 
Anand Sultania: 
We have already mentioned this in the previous earnings calls. The estimated CapEx for this 
year is about INR100 crores. 
Jasdeep Walia 
Okay. And the broad split of that CapEx is what? 
Anand Sultania: 
So there's about INR25 crores, which will be spent on the second phase of Solar project that 
we are doing. And then approximately INR25 crores will be spent on the rebuild of both the 
opalware furnaces, which is furnace 1 and furnace 2. And there is some debottlenecking that 
will be done to increase the production. That's about INR25 crores, and the INR25 crores is the 
retention amounts from the previous 2 big Capex’s that we have done, which is increase of 
opalware capacity as well as setting up of borosilicate furnace, that's about INR25 crores. So 
these are the broad breakup of INR100 crores. 
Jasdeep Walia 
Got it. And during this rebuild of both the furnaces for your opalware facility, do you expect 
any impact on sales this year? 
Anand Sultania: 
I don't think there will be any impact. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from Vipul Kumar from Sumangal Investments. 
Vipul Kumar: 
So my question is regarding the other expenses, which have risen substantially year-over-year 
and Q-on-Q also. So what are the main heads where the expenses have increased? Other 
expenses. 
Anand Sultania: 
So other expenses -- there's an element of power and fuel in that. So other expenses includes 
the power and fuel cost also. So that's about, maybe INR 11 crores, INR 12 crores. And Mr. 
Rituraj Sharma has already mentioned that there are some preponement on the A&SP 
expenses. That's about INR 12 crores, INR13 crores. That's a major chunk of money. 
Vipul Kumar: 
INR12 crores, INR13 crores is for what? Would you repeat, sir, please? 
Anand Sultania: 
For advertisement and sales promotion expenses. 
Vipul Kumar: 
So that is additional INR12 crores, INR13 crores, if I understand correctly, right? Over and 
above normal? 
Anand Sultania: 
Yes. Over and above last year same period. 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
We have a question from Dhaval Shah from Girik Capital. 
Dhaval Shah: 
A great set of numbers on the top line growth. 
Moderator: 
Sorry for interrupting, sir. Dhaval, sir, can you please be a bit more loud? 
Dhaval Shah: 
A great set of numbers comparatively. Yes. Sir, my question is the other income part, could 
you please clarify again what is the actual other income and is the other variable towards 
Scientific Limited for the quarter? 
Anand Sultania: 
Yes. So the other income for the first half includes about INR8.4 crores, which is the shared 
service income. We have discussed this in the previous earnings calls also, and the attributed 
expenses basically is covered under the total expenses. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. Okay. And for the quarter, it will be how much? 
Anand Sultania: 
Roughly INR4.5 crores. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. Fine. And my second question is that after -- so as we have visibility for the next 2 years 
in terms of available capacity for opalware, suppose that for our growth, would you be looking 
at other categories of glass or it could again be an opalware? Or it's too early? 
Rituraj Sharma: 
So those like currently we are covered, like Shreevar mentioned. And I think the market also is 
very dynamic and evolving. So I think when we reach there, we will take a call, whether it's 
glass or in any other category. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. And one of our competitors' capacity of soda line glasses going to be live in -- or should 
have gone live by now. So are you seeing any sort of pressure or higher competitive intensity 
in the market? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
In my opinion -- sorry, go ahead Rituraj. 
Rituraj Sharma: 
No. No. Go ahead Shreevar. Sorry there. 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
In my opinion, the product is a totally different product range. The Soda lime glass is used 
extensively for bottles. It's used extensively for tumblers, both of which are not core, let's say, 
to our product range. So I don't believe there's a great overlap of products. So to that extent, I 
don't think that there is any challenge to our borosilicate or our opal glass sales. And I'm quite 
certain that they're not really overlapping in any way. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Great. And sir, from our new borosilicate furnace, we would have tried a lot of new products 
as well as the existing product range. So if you can briefly share with us which product has 
been quite light and has been a hit in the market. And so yes, so something on the new product, 
which we have launched because we are the category leaders, and we have a strong market 
share plus we dedicate being helpful in this. 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
I think our focus here is mainly lunch boxes. And you can probably see that in the market, 
there's a big shift from plastic to glass, and that's a trend we are kind of doubling down on. 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
And I think in the foreseeable future, this will continue. So new -- there are many, many 
SKUs, too many to mention on this call, but we have all shapes and sizes of lunch boxes. And 
for entry-level pricing of INR499 also. So for different, different customers, we are trying to 
convince them to switch from plastic and glass by upselling plastic and steel by offering 
healthy and hygienic and as well as a cost-effective alternative. 
 
So, so far, we see traction there, and we hope that will continue. We do have many other 
products in the borosilicate range that we still have not been able to launch, which we will do 
so over the next 6 to 12 months. And with that, we expect to consume our capacity. But if I 
was to say, one thing which has helped us is the lunch boxes, the borosilicate lunch boxes, 
which has got good traction in the market already. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. And on the -- one participant asked about lower gross margin. So is it related to higher 
lunch boxes sale? or is it... 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
As far as gross margins are concerned, it's a product mix issue. It's not -- I mean lunch boxes is 
definitely compared to selling a mixing bowl, a lunch box has definitely got a lower gross 
margin. And so the volume of lunch box have gone up, then you have some impact there. But 
there could be other -- we sell thousands of SKUs. So I mean the important thing to note is that 
we have not been either -- we'll not either increase -- reduce MRPs or increase our discounts 
anywhere. It's just a product mix issue. And I would not be too bothered about that from a 
longer-term perspective. It's just a multiplier effect or product mix effect. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. And sir, have you completely stopped trading now in borosilicate category? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Not in the category, We still -- we make pressware. And that we have absolutely stopped 
trading, obviously. firstly, I would not even call it trading. We were adding value to the 
product, not just trading it. So -- but we were, say, outsourced -- we had outsourced 
manufacturing for pressware. And that is something that now we are in-sourced. And 
therefore, we don't have any reason to purchase pressware from anyone else. But there are 
some other products in the blown area, blown glass which we do not manufacture, which we 
will continue to buy in the future. 
Moderator: 
Next question we have is from Aditi from Niveshaay. 
Aditi: 
So I just wanted to know the current capacity utilization from the different divisions like 
pressware compared quarter-to-quarter. 
Balesh Talapady: 
Can you just repeat that again, please? 
Aditi: 
I wanted to know the current capacity utilization from your pressware division. 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
We would be close to 65%. 
Aditi: 
Okay. And in the last quarter, you mentioned that you achieved to aim around 100% capacity 
utilization within this year. So do you continue with that? I mean are we online? 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
I think last time, we mentioned that in the next 2 years. So we still -- so this year plus next 
year, I think we're optimistic -- initially when we had initially projected, we had said we'll do it 
over 3 years. And we hope to achieve it in 2 years rather than 3. And that's what we… 
Aditi: 
Right. And then the opalware, I think it must be 100% during the quarter? 
Anand Sultania: 
Yes. For quarter 2, it has been 100% capacity utilization. For the first half, it has been close to 
85%. 
Aditi: 
Right, right. And could we meet the entire demand, or we were short out of the supply thing 
for the -- to meet the demand, the existing demand? In opalware segment? 
Anand Sultania: 
I believe we could meet everything that we had orders for. 
Aditi: 
Okay. My next question is in terms of your visibility on revenue and margin for the next 2 
years? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
We've always been guiding on a 15% to 20% growth in the short term CAGR. And I would 
stick by that, the guidance. It's hard to give a specific number because anything -- I mean, in 
the short run, in the very short run, things change based on many external factors which are 
beyond our control. But from our growth perspective, 15% to 20%, should be in the range of 
what we can achieve, assuming no big external shocks. 
Aditi: 
Okay. Got it. And the last question is, can you comment on your current distribution network 
as compared to the last year? I mean what growth have we achieved from our distribution 
network? 
Rituraj Sharma: 
So in our case, we have had growth across channels. And the growth has come from trade, the 
general trade, the e-com large format stores. So across channels, we have got growth. 
Moderator: 
We have a follow-up question from Dhaval Shah from Girik Capital. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Sir, my question was on the sales channel mix. So given e-commerce has become a large 
category for consumer-facing products, consumables, et cetera... 
Balesh Talapady: 
Dhaval, Sorry to interrupt you. Your voice is echoing. Can you just repeat the question? 
Dhaval Shah: 
Sir, so my question was on the sales channel mix. Given e-commerce has become a significant 
channel. So -- and over time, we have seen that the profitability, the margin was -- we were -- 
it was evolving as a channel. So how would you state the margin across different categories -- 
sorry, different channels, be it wholesale or a general trade and e-commerce. How is the 
margin differentiation now? Is it narrowing? Is it same? How is it now? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Well, I don't think we have meaningful differences between the various channels in terms of 
gross margin. And I think each channel has some quarters which are better, and some are 
worse. But I don't think there is a big gap that we are selling something much cheaper on e-
commerce or much more expensive in trade. So I don't -- while we -- of course we know the 

 
 
Borosil Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
data, but we don't share that. But I don't think we should look at it from a -- there's no material 
impact from one channel versus the other, if you look at the overall growth in the channel. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. Okay. And this category being easy to be bought online, our products. So does -- so how 
is the reaction from the general trade and our off-line channel? Are they -- do we have a 
separate category for it because it's a very fast-growing category for us? And now we are also 
there on quick commerce as a category. We are available there as well. So how is the 
traditional channel reacting to this? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
I think you have a fairly differentiated strategy for channels in terms of products. So we have -
- the way we are set up is we have category managers, and we have product management, and 
each category manager and product managers speak to figure out what works for the different 
channels. And therefore, we try and reduce competition among the channels because the 
customers also coming are slightly different, and they have different needs. So we try and have 
different product categories for different channels. And that's definitely something which 
reduces friction in the system. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. So did you notice any extra discount by these large Flipkart and Amazon in their big 
billion day sales, which was over and above the price which we are selling? Or generally, 
would you be selling over the year? 
Rituraj Sharma: 
No. In our category, there was no -- I mean nothing majorly noticeable. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. So no extra discount from the e-commerce website side? 
Rituraj Sharma: 
I mean nothing majorly noticeable in the category. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would like to hand the conference over to management for 
closing comments. 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
So thank you, everyone, for your participation and your insightful questions. We really 
appreciate it. We had a very good quarter from a revenue growth perspective in a fairly 
challenging demand environment. And we hope we see some green shoots in the future for 
growth of the demand in the -- of general demand. But in spite of that, I think my team has 
done remarkably well. And my congratulations to them. And my thanks to all our channel 
partners and our suppliers for supporting us through and through for the last many years and to 
of course, our shareholders for supporting us and believing in us. So thank you very much and 
look forward to speaking with you at the end of Q3. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us. 
You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
