Hitachi Energy India Limited
Registered and Corporate Office:
8th Floor, Brigade Opus, 70/401, 
Kodigehalli Main Road, Bengaluru – 560 092, 
Phone: 080 68473700
CIN: L31904KA2019PLC121597
www.hitachienergy.com/in
November 5, 2024
The Secretary,
Listing Department,
BSE Limited,
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001
Scrip Code: 543187
The Manager,
Listing Department,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
‘Exchange Plaza’, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),
Mumbai - 400 051
Scrip Symbol: POWERINDIA
Subject: Transcript of the conference call with Analysts/ Investors held on October 29, 2024 
Dear Sir / Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we
are enclosing herewith the transcript of the conference call that was organized with the Analysts/Investors on Tuesday,
October 29, 2024 and the same can be accessed at https://www.hitachienergy.com/in/en/investor-relations/analyst-
section. 
Kindly take the same on your records.
Thank you,
Yours faithfully,
For Hitachi Energy India Limited 
Poovanna Ammatanda
General Counsel and Company Secretary
Encl.: as above
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 
Ammatanda 
Chinnappa 
Poovanna
Digitally signed by Ammatanda 
Chinnappa Poovanna 
Date: 2024.11.05 15:21:34 
+05'30'

1/17
Hitachi Energy India Limited Q2 FY25 Analyst
Conference Call – October 29, 2024
MANAGEMENT:
Mr. N Venu – Managing Director & CEO, Hitachi Energy India Limited
Mr. Ajay Singh – Chief Financial Officer, Hitachi Energy India Limited
Mr. Poovanna Ammatanda - General Counsel & Company Secretary,
Hitachi Energy India Limited
Ms. Manashwi Banerjee – Head of Communications, Hitachi Energy
India Limited
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

                                                                                                              2/17
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening, and welcome to Hitachi Energy India Limited Q2 
FY '25 Analyst Conference Call.
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”then “0” 
on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. N. Venu – MD and CEO, Hitachi Energy India 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir.
N. Venu:
Thank you very much. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very much for 
joining us for the Analyst Conference Call. I hope you're all doing well.
Today, we announced our results for the 2nd Quarter of Financial Year 2024-25. And over 
the next 20 to 25 minutes, I will take you through our performance during the period 
ending September 30th, 2024. And for your convenience, I will read out slide numbers. 
We have just uploaded Slide deck on the website, so I will refer the Slide numbers for 
the ease of reference, for those of you who are attending on phone.
And today with me in the room, I have our CFO – Ajay Singh; and Poovanna Ammatanda 
– General Counsel and Company Secretary; and Manashwi Banerjee – Head of 
Communications.
So, during the quarter, we have focused on improving our overall operational efficiency, 
which has helped us in achieving a sustainable flow of order intake, pushing the order 
backlog to a record high for the 2nd Quarter of FY 2024-25. A growing urgency to 
accelerate energy transition in India and globally has significantly boosted investments 
in the energy sector. We expect this momentum to continue in the coming quarters, 
creating more opportunities in the energy segment, especially in the renewable space, 
for our portfolio.
So, I am moving to slide number #3. At Hitachi Energy India Limited, people have been 
always in the center of our strategy. They have been its core strength, and they have 
been powering the Company for the last 75 years. We are committed to delivering 
meaningful employee experiences, and their safety and well-being are paramount to us. 
During this quarter, we implemented key initiatives to strengthen safety practices across 
our offices and factories. It helped us to achieve 100% on-time closure of high-risk hazard 
situations. There has been continuous effort towards reiterating the importance of 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

                                                                                                              3/17
reporting safety incidents at working sites. Furthermore, we refreshed our health, safety 
and environment policy to ensure positive health, well-being and safe working conditions.
We organized multiple awareness, training sessions and health camps across our 
offices, facilities, and project sites for the well-being of our employees. To mention a few, 
we have sessions on health precautions during monsoon, lifestyle diseases, mental 
health, yoga and manual handling ergonomics. Also, we had multiple health camps for 
diabetes, on pulmonary health and held a blood donation camp as well.
Moving to slide number #4. We at Hitachi Energy place sustainability at the heart of the 
Company's purpose of advancing a sustainable energy future for all. In line with this 
purpose, Hitachi Energy is committed to drive business in a sustainable way. Our 
sustainability plan focused on four key areas, planet, people, peace and partnerships, 
with a specific target for respective heads to be achieved by 2030. As the numbers come 
in, I am happy to inform you that we closed FY 2023-24 with achieved targets of reducing 
CO2 emissions and waste by 88% and 97%, respectively. We also reduced freshwater 
usage by 18% vis-a-vis the target of 25% (for 2030). Diversity is an integral part of our 
work culture. And we have set ourselves female diversity target of 8% to 10% by 2025. 
It is noteworthy to mention that we are almost touching 8% mark of our given target. Our 
constant endeavors towards sustainability have been recognized, as we are conferred 
with the prestigious Business World's - India's Most Sustainable Companies award.
Moving to the slide number #5. In keeping with the rapidly evolving environment and 
technologies, we are globally realigning our sustainability 2030 program to be more 
measurable and impactful. Changes are aimed to maximizing its positive impact across 
the value chain, and through co-creation of environment, social and economic value. To 
maximize the positive outcomes, now the focus is on three key strands of planet, people 
and principles, which covers all earlier sustainability pillars. 
Under the people strand, we are supporting a safe, inclusive, equitable and just energy 
transition by focusing on three areas - health and safety; diversity, equity and inclusion; 
and human rights and social contributions. Under the planet strand, the focus is to 
accelerate the clean energy transition, with a particular focus on three areas i.e., climate, 
circular economy, biodiversity, ecosystem. The principle strand emphasizes on taking 
responsibility of the Company's governance and employee behavior and focuses on the 
following areas:  ethics, integrity, sustainability of supply chain and behaviors & values. 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

                                                                                                              4/17
The core idea is to move beyond the realm of our products and services offering and 
deliver for  a greater good of  the society. Moving to the next slide, the slide number Slide 
#6, our business performance. As you can see here, the quarter ending September 30, 
orders totaled around Rs. 1,952 crores, up 11.7% year-on-year, where renewable led the 
change from studies across utilities, power quality and substation projects. Expansion, 
upgrade and improved efficiency also resulted in orders from existing power plants. Key 
large orders of transformers and power quality solutions from industry, transportation, 
utilities and data centers include 400kV central transmission utility for a petroleum 
product company in Dahej; and transformer orders for a national transmission utility; and 
an EBOS solar projects in Fatehgarh and Bhopalgarh, respectively; and LOT transformer 
for our locomotive engine factories. And there are several other data center and software-
related orders.
Revenue for the quarter is Rs.1,553.8 crores, showcasing a strong revenue growth of 
26.5% year-on-year on the back of favorable mix and good order execution during the 
quarter. Profit before tax for the quarter was Rs. 70 crores, up by 118% year-on-year. 
And profit after tax, Rs.52.3 crores, up by 111.4% year-on-year, whereas quarter-on-
quarter growth was up by 369% and 402%, respectively. Operational EBITDA for the 
quarter stood at Rs.126.3 crores, resulting in a margin of 8.1%, reiterating our continuous 
efforts towards improving margins and enhancing overall operational efficiency. 
At the end of the quarter, the order backlog stood at a record high of Rs.8,910 crores, 
providing revenue visibility for the coming several quarters. Our continuous efforts 
towards enhancing overall operational efficiency have helped us in improving our overall 
performance, including margins.
Move to the next slide, slide number #7, where you see , as a pioneering technology 
leader, we are committed to the energy security of the country. So, various projects 
undertaken by us. During the quarter, we have commissioned several projects, and here 
I will highlight a few of them. We commissioned 400 kV 600-megawatt substation at 
Jaisalmer, Rajasthan, which include design engineering, manufacture and testing. We 
also completed supply, installation, testing and commissioning of a 110 kV transformer 
base for an industrial plant in Trichy; and also commissioned 220 kV, 130 kV, 33 kV 
substation for intrastate transmission projects in Madhya Pradesh. The scope of work 
includes design, engineering, supply, installation and testing of the substations.
Moving to slide number #8. We also continue to invest in our capacities and capabilities. 
This included starting expansion work of our transformers and interrupter facilities in 
Maneja to strengthen our manufacturing infrastructure. This year we marked our 75-year 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

                                                                                                              5/17
celebrations for both internal as well as external stakeholders. For our internal 
stakeholders, we had our first family fiesta, engaging the families of our employees to 
visit and celebrate our workplaces, our factories, our project sites. Also, we organized 
the energy run marathon in Bangalore for our employees, customers and partners, which 
saw a huge participation of almost 2,000 plus running enthusiasts. Both events are part 
of our efforts to commemorate our 75-year celebrations, 75 years of powering India.
In parallel, engagements with our customers continued. For example, from organizing an 
extensive 5-day training program for our Mumbai HVDC project customer team, which 
was attended by 40 participants from the customers side to hosting a senior delegation 
from Delhi Metro Rail Corporation, who were providing an extensive tour of our factory, 
showcasing our comprehensive product manufacturing and quality assurance process 
for dry and traction transformer factory at Savli. These are all just a couple of examples 
for various capabilities-building exercise with our stakeholders, both internal and 
external. 
Moving to slide number #9. The Company has adhered to a principle of collaboration and 
co-creation with those most familiar with the challenges. Hitachi Energy works closely 
with our customers and partners to foster a sustainable energy future for present and 
future generations. As part of this ongoing effort, we conducted our multicity flagship 
customer event series called Energy and Digital World with the sessions in Jamshedpur 
and Pune, respectively. On the similar lines, we launched a new initiative called 
Technology Colloquium-Technologies for energy transition and sustainable grid, for 
engineering students across India.
So, this new platform. We reached out to engineering students to talk about one of the 
most important and urgent issues of our time, the energy transition and net zero targets. 
The platform facilitates meaningful conversation and exchange of ideas on energy 
transition among young minds, subject-matter experts and Hitachi Energy leaders. 
The first segment of the tech colloquium was kicked off from BVM College in Gujarat then 
moved to IIT Delhi and culminated in NIT at Warangal. Engagement with key industry 
bodies and platforms were also leveraged through sharing leadership views and opinions 
on topics like innovation to net zero, to making India a global manufacturing hub at CII 
India Innovation Summit, Innoverge CII Annual Karnataka Energy Transition Conference 
or Economic Times' Energy Leadership Summit, just to give a few examples.
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

                                                                                                              6/17
Moving to the next slide, slide number #10, Energy and Digital World 75. And thank you 
for some of you attending this event on the second day of Energy and Digital World. We 
at Hitachi Energy are proud to be part of various nation-building projects over the last 75 
years. In culmination of this milestone year, the Company organized a two-day 
experiential technology symposium called Energy and Digital World 75. Mr. Amitabh 
Kant, G20 Sherpa, joined us as the chief guest for EDW 75. During the inauguration of 
the mega event, he emphasized on the need for collective action towards the bigger 
energy goal and spoke about how India is an exemplar with its strides in the road to net 
zero. 
He also lauded Hitachi Energy's for its contribution towards achieving the goal. The event 
encapsulates technologies and discussions toward advancing energy transition for 
India's net zero journey, which was attended by over 2,000 customers, policy-makers, 
academia, think tank, regulators, supply chain professionals, and diplomats, of 30 
nationalities. The event encompassed over 25 technology sessions by global industry 
experts, product launches, etc. 
The experiential exhibition was the main attraction of the event, spread over 1,000 square 
meters, showcasing our state-of-the-art technologies and products and giving a chance 
to our customers and partners to have a feel and look of our product portfolio which are 
crucial for solving customers' challenges. During the 2-day event, we also had several 
closed-door meetings with CXOs of various companies. And many of you also joined us 
and were provided a deep dive into technologies enabling the future energy systems.
Moving to slide number #11. I think, this slide, you know better than me. The Indian 
growth saga continues, as the country is in the right track for a $5 trillion economy in the 
coming years. According to the government reports, India's GDP growth was 8.2% for 
FY '24 vis-a-vis 7% for FY '23. India's IIP growth for July-August were at 5% year-on-
year basis. And IIP index for the industry stood at 149.6 during August 2024. The ongoing 
effort from government to boost the renewable sector has augured good result, as we 
witnessed a 50% year-on-year growth in FDI for FY '24 with Rs. 31,600 crores vis-a-vis 
Rs. 20,700 crores in FY '23. Furthermore, green hydrogen market is expected to attract 
investments of Rs.10.6 lakh crore as country gears up to produce 5 million ton of 
hydrogen by 2030. Also, the Indian data center market is estimated to reach Rs. 85,000 
crores by 2027. With India's ambitious plan to increase power transmission capacity by 
35% by 2032, expect an investment of Rs.9.15 lakh crore in state and central network. 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

                                                                                                              7/17
Indian railway, as part of its Capex plan, have allocated Rs. 2.62 lakh crore budget for 
expansion of rail network. Also, concerted efforts were made to reduce distribution losses 
through upgradation and modernization of discoms.
Moving to slide number #12. As you can see here, the strong growth in the transmission 
industry, data centers and renewables. To provide more color, this quarter, data center 
segment emerged as a high-growth segment with a year-on-year growth of 346%, 
followed by renewable which is up by 135% year-on-year. And industries and 
transmission segment saw year-on-year growth of 78% and 34%, respectively. 
We saw a year-on-year decline of 11% in rail and metro segment, but electrification of 
railways and growing metro networks across the country will push these segments in the 
near future. On the right-hand side of the slide, you see that order mix. Product took the 
lead in the segment, whereas utilities and direct end users are clearer winners for sectors 
and channels, respectively.
Moving to slide# 13, which are our growth levers, service and exports. The growing 
urgency to accelerate energy transition across the globe. There has been constant 
endeavor at Hitachi Energy to enable many pathways to energy transition across 
geographies and segments. For quarter 2, the service portfolio witnessed substantial 
growth, with contribution of 12% to the total order received, stemming primarily from 
industries, renewable and transportation, including restoration and service of service-
level agreements. 
To mention a few key orders: We received a transformer service Core-sense order from 
a steel major; GCB and GIS unique spare requirement and transformer repair in 
renewable and railway sectors, surveys and commissioning of various systems in 
Rajasthan solar and the restoration of 220 kV GIS at Gorai substation of a private T&D 
Company.
On the right-hand side of Slide, you see that exports accounted for 22% of total orders 
booked in Q2 FY '25, the significant share from a high-voltage products and grid 
integration orders from European and African market. Some of the key orders include 
C&P system in Yanbu, 145 kV GIS for REE Red Electrica, 330 kV AIS package for 
Azerbaijan and 145 kV GIS for Electron data center. So, just to name a few.
I will now hand over to our CFO, Ajay Singh, to take you through our “Financial 
Performance” in the next 2 slides. I am moving to slide number #14.
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

                                                                                                              8/17
Ajay Singh:
Thank you, Venu. And good evening, everyone. I hope you are all doing well at your end. 
Well, our focused and proactive approach has helped us to maintain the order growth 
momentum carried from the last quarter.
During the quarter, the Company booked orders worth Rs.1,952 crores, which is a 11.7% 
growth year-on-year. Revenue, if you see, Rs.1,553 crores, which is up by 26.5% year-
on-year and 17.1% quarter-on-quarter, which is on the back of a favorable mix and the 
good order execution during the quarter. Profit before tax for the quarter was Rs.70.6 
crores and profit after tax was Rs.52.3 crore, both up by 118% and 111% year-on-year, 
respectively, whereas both PBT and PAT quarter-on-quarter grew by 3 and 4 times, 
respectively.
If you see, the operational EBITDA for the 2nd Quarter, yes, it is Rs.126.3 crore, resulting 
in an operational EBITDA margin of 8.1%, basically see this is our continuous efforts 
towards improving margins and enhancing the overall operational efficiency.
Even when you see H1, the 6 months columns also clearly demonstrate the growth trend 
across parameters from orders till the operational EBITDA. We closed this particular 
quarter with, one of the highest-ever order backlog, Rs.8,910 crores, which is providing 
a visibility of approximately 26 months for the execution.
If I move to the next slide, where I would like to share an update on how the numbers 
fared during the last 3 months. So, let me take a moment and walk through a little bit 
specific details in this particular slide. If you see the table, it is a clear picture how the 
relentless pursuit for improving the bottom line and the progressive margin basically 
recovery that we are able to see.
You can see Year-on-year revenue improvement of 26.5%. That is Rs.1,553 crores in 
this quarter, as we discussed, because of the relentless operational efforts. The material 
cost, if you see, is 61.7%, compared to the last quarter, 62.8%. Personnel expenses, 
from the percentage terms, if you see, are lower than the last quarter, 8.8%. Operational 
expenses are also in-line, 20.9%, compared to the previous quarter, 23.6%. And then 
there is the exchange rate and variance that is 1.5%. Depreciation is consistent. Interest 
cost is slightly higher in this particular quarter compared to the previous quarter. So, 
overall if you see, we are well progressing in the direction and our efforts is to ensure 
that, going forward in the coming quarters, we continue this particular trend.
With this, I hand over to Venu.
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

                                                                                                              9/17
N. Venu:
Thank you, Ajay. With this I go to the last slide before we open up the line for Q&A. Our 
priorities for the remaining fiscal year, we remain steadfast to our bigger goal of 2030 
strategy. Our singular focus of cementing our leadership in core segments continues.
Our core segments are our renewable, our transmission, our utilities, our industry, our 
data centers, rails, etc., continue with strengthening our capabilities for growth Trinity  of 
–‘Service, Export and Digital, along with harnessing maximum potential from the high 
growth segment. We continue our focused approach toward improving overall 
operational efficiency to further boost productivity and keep raising quality level.
On the business front, consolidated effort will be made to leverage the large order 
backlog for revenue accretion and also margin improvement. To capture the maximum 
business potential arising out of the energy transition, we will continue to invest towards 
increasing our existing capabilities through up and cross-skilling of our existing human 
resources, to address the energy needs of today and of coming time.
Safety will always be paramount for us as it is being entrenched in our DNA of our 
organization. We will continue to approach every day as day 1 in terms of implementing 
a safety work culture across our functions. And last but not the least is continuing to invest 
in capacities for future growth- capacities for our manufacturing, and workforce. 
With this I close my Presentation and open the channel for questions.
Moderator:
Thank you very much. We will take our first question from the line of Subhadip Mitra from 
Nuvama. Please go ahead.
Subhadip Mitra:
Firstly, congratulations on a good set of operational numbers.
N. Venu:
Thank you.
Subhadip Mitra:
Given that we are seeing good operational performance both in terms of topline and 
margin recovery and you have maintained that you will be looking at double digit margins 
by end of the year, would you have any change to that guidance or any further clarity in 
terms of range of margins that we can look at, let's say next one year or so.
N. Venu:
No, at this point in time, no change in the in our plan of action. So, what we said previously 
stays.
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

                                                                                                              10/17
Subhadip Mitra:
Secondly, in terms of the large HVDC order potential I think one which is where the L1 
has already been announced and probably two more which are coming up. Are you 
already part of some of these orders, would you already be L1 in some of these bids.
N. Venu:
Yes, I think as you know, there are three HVDC tenders which have come for bidding. 
And as you rightly said, one of the HVDC tender has been LoI received by PGCIL. That's 
what we have also read from the from public information and as we speak, we are bidding 
to our customers.
Subhadip Mitra:
So, the equipment related tendering is currently on, that's what you are saying?
N. Venu:
No, only related to HVDC. PGCIL has won the entire transmission system which includes 
HVDC terminals that's our scope then the transmission lines, etc., including land and 
development all those things. The whole transmission system what I understand is that 
they won. They received the LoI or something like that. So, our portion, we are bidding it 
to our customers, which includes PGCIL.
Subhadip Mitra:
Right. So, just trying to understand that for this particular Khavda Transmission line which 
PGCIL has won, would you be supplying the equipment for this piece or is that something 
that's yet undecided?
N. Venu:
No, that's what I am saying still that is under bidding. We are bidding it to our customers 
that's what I said.
Subhadip Mitra:
And for the rest of the two lines, any timelines in your opinion, by when we can see the 
equipment ordering on the other two HVDC.
N. Venu:
I think our view is that at least one, if not two at least one for sure, it will get finalized in 
this financial year.
Moderator:
We will take a next question from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI security. Please go 
ahead.
Mohit Kumar:
Sir. Good to see improvement in gross margin and EBITDA margin. Sir, my question is 
on the HVDC Leh Ladakh. What is the status, I think the bids were supposed to be 
submitted in October, has there been any update?
N. Venu:
Leh Ladakh the bid is not submitted yet. There again discussions are going on what will 
be suitability, etc., all those things so not submitted answer to that.
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

                                                                                                              11/17
Mohit Kumar:
My second question, the other expenses I think last quarter was high, again this quarter 
it persisted. I think you mentioned last quarter there are some one-offs. Is it fair to assume 
there is some one-off again in this quarter and which will go away in the next fiscal year.
Ajay Singh:
If you see in the current quarter, the other expenses, as I told you from the percentage 
terms, it has come down rather, which is the 20.9%, right. So, I don't see that there are 
any other one-offs in this particular other expenses. So fairly, it will be more or less 
consistent in this particular range.
Mohit Kumar:
So, there's no one-off which can go away in the next fiscal year. This is the trajectory, 
right, we should assume.
Ajay Singh:
It will hover around this particular range depending upon how we progress. Wherever 
some area of expenses which are variable in nature will vary depending upon the growth.
Mohit Kumar:
And well, my last question is are the conversations on orders of high-speed rail is still 
going?
N. Venu:
It's still ongoing. It's not concluded.
Moderator:
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead.
Parikshit Kandpal:
Initially in the call you said that you are bidding for the client, have you entered exclusivity 
with the client or it's an again an open bid and where other peers are also giving their 
bids or it's just that you've already being finalized and just some commercial negotiations 
are going on before the LoI gets issued.
N. Venu:
It is an open bidding.
Parikshit Kandpal:
It's an open bidding, so all the participants are bidding
N. Venu:
Yes.
Parikshit Kandpal:
Second question is on other expenses again. So, if I compare it with some of your peers, 
they report about 11%. So, I understand royalty will come on top of it 5% to 6%, and goes 
to 16% to 17%, but still there is almost 400 to 500 basis point difference. So, why is such 
a big difference and is it because we are running again the parallel IT cost because we 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

                                                                                                              12/17
have our own ERP now operational. So, last time I think Ajay said that we are still bearing 
operating on dual IT system. So, what would be the contribution of shared IT with ABB 
and when do you expect it to go away from our book and what could be the savings from 
that?
Ajay Singh:
So, as I explained earlier also, if you see the other expenses in percentage terms, we 
are consistent, that is how I will say so. And if you talk specifically about this particular 
quarter on the value terms, whatever major incremental value is there, that is because if 
you see in this particular quarter, we have increased our revenues, so the production-
related expenses have increased. But overall, if you see on the percentage terms, we 
are consistent. Coming back to the IT cost with ABB, again if you see we have told earlier 
also that when we embark into new Company, we have taken support in the form of TSA 
Agreement with ABB because at that particular point of time we did not have our 
infrastructure so to say. But as we speak today, we are basically at the end of that 
Transitional Service Agreement. We have already set up our own infrastructure. And we 
believe that the IT cost that is factored in this particular it will be in the same range. So, 
that is the overall setup. So, the TSA agreement finally the last leg of the agreement will 
be coming out of that by December next quarter.
Parikshit Kandpal:
But how much would that cost be in absolute terms, is it significant or so how do you 
quantify that?
Ajay Singh:
As I discussed it will be hovering around the 2.7% to 3% range overall IT cost that today 
we are hovering around and going forward also will be around the same range.
Parikshit Kandpal:
So, no savings as such from this disassociation.
N. Venu:
Savings will happen out of because we implemented the new REIWA system right, so 
we will also get into a lot of other savings, including the productivities and those are the 
things also part of that.
Ajay Singh:
So, because I think we have discussed earlier in the last quarter that we have 
implemented a new ERP system S4/HANA, and just now we have implemented in the 
previous quarter. So, we expect we can leverage efficiency out of that and that will come 
with time. It will take two to three quarters to derive efficiency out of those 
implementations.
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

                                                                                                              13/17
Parikshit Kandpal:
Last questions are on this battery storage. So, now the battery costs have reduced 
significantly on the storage side. So, do you think there is any opportunity for us to play 
out in the near term? So, how do you think the pathway towards introducing the battery 
storage for the India?
N. Venu:
I think absolutely as you said we will see our 2030 strategy. Also, this is exactly on the 
edge of the grid where we have a play there that is energy storage. So, we have a 
complete portfolio of battery energy storage, and we do containerize, modularized which 
is scalable battery storage supply. Any of you have heard, in addition to that Hitachi 
Energy globally, they acquired a Company called EKS. So, EKS is a Company which 
Hitachi Energy globally they acquired, and that Company \specialized in the battery 
energy storage applications. They have done grid scale battery several, several countries 
in there. We will also leverage that to offer those solutions and products to our customers, 
so we are discussing it with the customers as the market matures.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhavan Shah from AlfAccurate Advisors. 
Please go ahead.
Dhavan Shah:
So, my question is on the renewal side of the portfolio. If I look at the order inflow growth 
for the 1st Quarter, that was also more than 100% and around 500% in the 1st Quarter 
against around 135% in the 2nd Quarter. So, can you help us to understand what the 
scope of work is in the renewal segment of the portfolio? And out of the current order 
backlog of roughly 9000-odd crore how much of renewal constitutes to the overall 
backlog side?
N. Venu:
Pertaining to renewable, our scope lies everything from the end terminal, from the 
inverter. We don't do the civil, structural, and panels. So, if we take the rest of the things 
all we do. Whether you are talking about the grid connection of renewable power, whether 
you are talking about the transformers required, everything. Then you are talking about 
automation and also the System Studies which is a big thing. So, all those things right 
from the planning stage, through the building phase until maintenance phase is what we 
do that. Except the civil structural and the modules.
Dhavan Shah:
And how much does the Renewable Portfolio constitute to the overall backlog?
N. Venu:
We don't separate the backlog into renewable and non-renewable, and we have never 
provided the breakup, so we cannot share it.
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

                                                                                                              14/17
Dhavan Shah:
And just the last thing is we are hearing some issues in the supply chain from corrugated 
steel for the transformer. So, are you facing any issues in terms of supply chain for our 
portfolio?
N. Venu:
No, I don't think corrugated steel. No, you must be talking about this electrical steel.
Dhavan Shah:
Yes.
N. Venu:
So, electrical steel, Hitachi Energy globally is one of the largest consumers of CRGO 
because by far we are the largest capacity. So, we have a definite frame agreement with 
many global suppliers, and that way we are able to secure the supply so far. We have 
not faced any problems so far.
Dhavan Shah:
And we are not expecting any delays in terms of the requirements of those raw materials 
also in the future quarter, right?
N. Venu:
We can't tell forever sure, but in the near term because of our robust Frame Agreements 
globally, we do see that we have a robust supply chain in place. Of course, the prices are 
fluctuating, prices are varying but barring that, we are able to secure the supply.
Dhavan Shah:
And pricing wise, are we protected in terms of the end pricing or because the pricing has 
also been moved up. So, how are we safe in terms of the overall contract pricing?
N. Venu:
More than 60% of our contracts, we have price escalation clauses.
Moderator:
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Vinod C from PhillipCapital. 
Please go ahead.
Vinod C:
Yes. So, I had a question on your cash flow. So, if I look at your operating profit, they 
have doubled from September last year to this year, but I think the entire cash flow is 
getting eaten up by working capital. The big jump of 365 crores. And that has also 
resulted in 120 crores of short-term borrowing. So, can you throw more light on what's 
happening operationally here.
Ajay Singh:
You are right operational cash flow for this quarter, we are on the negative side and our 
borrowings also compared to the previous quarter was increased by roughly 45 crores. 
So, what I would say this is the timing issue. In this particular quarter I would say the 
collections were good, but the payouts were also on the higher side. And why so, 
because you are aware that we are running a large HVDC project for which in this 
particular quarter the payouts were a little bit on the higher side. So, it's just a timing issue 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

                                                                                                              15/17
between the receipts and payments otherwise I don't see there's any major challenge in 
this particular aspect.
Moderator:
Thank you. We have a question from the line of Het Mehta from Value Quest. Please go 
ahead.
Het Mehta:
Sir. My question is more on the CRGO prices and its movement and how it is affecting 
our realizations in terms of who we are supplying to whether it is industries or the utilities?
N. Venu:
First of all, as I said CRGO has two dimensions. First of all, there is huge demand in the 
overall transformer industry worldwide so naturally the demand is very high. As I said 
previously, Hitachi Energy is one of the largest buyers of power CRGO globally. We have 
a very robust Supply Chains, Frame Agreements with the most of the CRGO mill vendors 
directly and first of all we are able to secure the supplies in line with our customers’ 
requirement that is the big thing. Our team globally they are working to ensure that the 
commitments are met, and we are able to get as of date in line with our commitments 
that is the number #1. Priority for us is ensuring the supplies to our factories. The number 
#2 is, the prices are fluctuating globally, and supply demand is there as I said, we have 
long-term trade agreements, which also allow escalations and as I said most of our 
contracts do have price escalations. So, we are able to transparently pass on those 
prices equation that where we are able to mitigate the risks in that.
Het Mehta:
So, yes, but my question was more or less is that we assume that your peers or other 
transformer manufacturers are actually seeing the realization go down with consistent 
margin. So, we would assume that it was the commodity input prices that were going 
down instead of going up. So, my question was on how our realizations are moving like 
on the higher end or on the lower end?
N. Venu:
The realization of the on the products you mean?
Het Mehta:
Yes.
N. Venu:
We will not talk about the realization for each on the product line basis. What I can tell 
you is that since the demand is high naturally there would be a tendency for going up on 
the margins, which is what we are looking at, but also costs are also going up right. We 
need to also balance those costs versus there are unknown costs around that. So, I 
would say it's stable in other words.
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

                                                                                                              16/17
Het Mehta:
And you are not seeing any huge fluctuations in the prices of CRGO as such, right now 
the prices are stabilized more or less?
N. Venu:
As I said, there are fluctuations, but those fluctuations are being covered with our price 
escalation. And as I said, we are giving priority to ensuring the supply over the pricing. 
That's how we have been working and that's how our contracts are structured with the 
CRGO people.
Moderator:
Thank you. We will take a follow up from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead.
Parikshit Kandpal:
We have taken a related-party approvals for order from the parent entities. So, just 
wanted to understand how much of that has come in already in 1H and in this quarter?
Ajay Singh:
Right now, if you see we would not like to quantify at the moment, but we will get more 
visibility in the coming quarters to know how we are faring on those particular approvals. 
So, last time when we took the approval we had anticipated and we have done a bottom-
up exercise where we see that by the year end, we will be crossing the threshold that is 
for which you have taken the approvals in advance, but maybe we will get more clarity in 
the coming quarters.
Parikshit Kandpal:
But as of now, nothing has been materialized from those approvals, right? Nothing has 
come in the first half.
Ajay Singh:
Obviously it has come because quarterly it will come.
Parikshit Kandpal:
That is what I am asking for in 1H how much has come or if anything has come in this 
quarter out of the total order inflow of Rs.1900-odd crores, what is the contribution from 
related party?
Ajay Singh:
So, ballpark number, you can say Rs.300 crore. The Switzerland you talk about, the 
approval that we are taking is around Rs.1200 crores and the ballpark till 30th September 
is around 300+ crore roughly.
Parikshit Kandpal:
Ordering is still to happen in the second half, so we will see larger contribution to come 
in from the related entities in the second half.
N. Venu:
Sure. But at the same time, just to be sure that whatever we take the approval, there's 
no guarantee that we will get everything. We take in approval in anticipation of some of 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

                                                                                                              17/17
the projects we are bidding together with those companies and that's how the approval 
will be taken ahead of the curve in line with the good governance practice. So, whatever 
we take, everything will not come into that.
Moderator:
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. N. Venu for closing comments. Over to you, Sir.
N. Venu:
Thank you. Thank you very much once again. Ladies and gentlemen, I want to take this 
opportunity to wish you and your family, your loved ones Happy Dhanteras and Happy 
Diwali. Take care and stay safe and talk to you. Soon. Thank you very much.
Moderator:
Thank you, Sir. On behalf of Hitachi Energy India Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your line.
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 
