 
 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Scrip Code: 538567 
 
Through: BSE Listing Centre   
 
         
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Scrip symbol: GULFOILLUB 
 
Through: NEAPS 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub.: Transcript for Q2 FY-25 Earnings Conference Call 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations   and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
We enclose herewith the transcript of the Q2 FY-25 Earnings Conference Call conducted on 
November 7, 2024. 
 
This information will also be hosted on the Company’s website, at the web link: 
https://india.gulfoilltd.com/investors/financials/transcript-conference-calls   
 
  
 
For Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited 
 
 
 
Manish Kumar Gangwal 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Encl.: as above  
 
 
Digitally signed by Manish Kumar Gangwal
DN: C=IN, O=Personal, T=1216, OID.2.5.4.65=
45420ba34b0544379bf5e768a820db98, Phone=
23b22ac11c08199c68382f8d742ce056d45137e7db9a149a7eb4
479bd264443a, PostalCode=400099, S=Maharashtra, 
SERIALNUMBER=
43fe7de6d0c56783fc6c5fca82a9659ca64857eb9a28ed97e46b5
807b4b37745, CN=Manish Kumar Gangwal
Reason: I am the author of this document
Location: 
Date: 2024.11.13 12:09:58+05'30'
Foxit PDF Editor Version: 13.1.2
Manish Kumar 
Gangwal

Page 1 of 15 
 
   
 
 
“Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited 
Q2 & H1-FY 2025 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
  
 
     
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVI CHAWLA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – GULF OIL LUBRICANTS 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. MANISH GANGWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– GULF OIL LUBRICANTS INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HARSH MARU – EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
    Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of Gulf Oil 
Lubricants India Limited, hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services. All participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end 
of today’s presentation. Should you need any assistance during conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference 
call is being recorded. 
 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Harsh Maru from Emkay Global Financial 
Services. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Harsh Maru: 
Yes. Thank you. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services, we welcome you all to the Q2 
FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited. From the management 
side, we have Mr. Ravi Chawla, Managing Director and CEO; and Mr. Manish Gangwal, CFO. 
I will now hand the conference over to the management for their opening remarks, followed by 
the Q&A session. 
Ravi Chawla: 
Thank you. Morning, afternoon, and good evening, everyone. Welcome to the Q2 FY '25 call 
for Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited. Let me start on a festive note. I think we all have seen 
Diwali festival and the New Year coming in. So I'd like to wish everybody a very happy festive 
season and the New Year going into the future quarter three. Thank you for joining our call. 
 
We are very happy to share that quarter two, which is normally a quarter with heavy rains and 
other things has been a strong quarter for us in terms of volume growth. Happy to share that 9% 
volume growth continues our trajectory of being 2 to 3x the market. This has really happened as 
we have looked at many demand pockets for us. While we also see the market growing by 3% 
to 4%, we have seen that in this quarter, there was some lingering effect of the elections and 
certain liquidity challenges, but given our strategies, we have posted strong volume numbers. 
 
Of course, we'll cover the figures in detail, but we've also seen a lot of our segments growing, 
and we have –recorded a volume growth of 8.8%. If you take out the factory fill, which is the 
new vehicles, mainly commercial vehicles where we are also involved, our growth is actually 
double digit in this quarter. A lot of good growth has happened in terms of double-digit growth 
in the motorcycle category, in the agri channel retail segments. 
 
We also continued our growth in the B2B segment, which has been growing double digit and 
high double digit in Q2 FY '25. We have seen that the channel OEM business in particular did 
very well, and the agri segment is the highlight there.  
We have seen that a lot of our sales and marketing initiatives undertaken during the quarter were 
really working for us and we are very happy to share with you that we had launched one of Gulf's 
biggest ever campaigns towards the end of Q2 FY '25, the 360-degree campaign, which we call 
The Unstoppables, which had not only used a lot of media vehicles, but it also featured the three 
brand ambassadors we have. The iconic, Mahendra Singh Dhoni; and the Cricket superstars, 
Hardik Pandya and Smriti Mandhana, for the first time, in an advertisement, which not only 
showcased the brand values of Gulf, which is, Together we’re Unstoppable, The Hindi line being 
Har Kadam Berok, but also spoke about our products, and of course, created that connection and 

 
 
    Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
the engagement with our target audiences. This was 360 degrees and definitely, this investment 
is paying off. We also saw some positive confidence in the trade and we are also continuing this.  
Other highlights of this quarter have been the exports, which have also grown for us and was 
also a good contributor. We continue to focus on our premium range of products. And again, we 
are happy to share that this has contributed to the overall kitty by notching up double the growth 
rate, though it is a small contribution in terms of percentage, but this is growing at double the 
rate which we are growing which augurs well to our strategy of profitable growth. Our 
distribution has also grown, particularly in the rural segment with our bike stops and car stops, 
therefore, increasing our penetration level. I think all in all, it has been a very good quarter. 
 
There has been a slight decline in AdBlue this quarter, which I think would be a seasonal impact 
due to overall consumption, slowness in a bit of demand as we have seen, but I think overall, we 
are growing well in the year, with a double digit. I would say that a lot of our strategies, which 
we have put in place for our commitment to really outperform the market amid a lot of 
challenging conditions has given us the results, and it positions us well to continue this growth. 
I would like to say that the outlook for us and the growth momentum that is there, is also 
responding well to our strategic and our tactical measures which we are taking, and some of 
these have been industry-leading. So I think that Q2 FY '25has been a strong quarter for us, and 
we hope to continue this. 
 
I now hand over the call to Manish to cover a few of the other highlights.  
Manish Gangwal: 
Thank you, Ravi. Good afternoon, everyone. So as Ravi highlighted, it has been another good 
quarter for us from an overall volume perspective. At the same time, we have also been able to 
deliver good increase in the gross margin by nearly 100 basis points. Our EBITDA has also been 
in the guided range of 12% to 14%, coming at 12.6% for the quarter after investments, as Ravi 
was highlighting. There is a higher A&P during the quarter because of the mega campaign, The 
Unstoppables, and there are more investments into human resources and building the company 
for the future but in spite of that, the EBITDA is continuing to be in our guided range. Overall, 
the, PAT growth is at 15% for Q2 FY '25, and for H1 FY’25, it is 22%, so it has been quite a 
strong performance at the PAT level as well.  
On cash flow side, we have been able to continue to generate good cash. You can see from the 
cash flow published that INR147 crore of cash has been generated during H1 FY’25, which is 
more than even the last year H1 of INR140 crores. So overall, there has been a good control on 
the working capital, and there is some increase in the inventories because of some shutdowns of 
big refineries globally. But overall, still, we have been able to do very good at the working capital 
and generated a good cash flow for H1 FY’25. 
 
With that overview, we would like to go for Q&A.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Probal Sen from ICICI Securities Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Probal Sen: 
Thank you and good afternoon, sir. A couple of questions. First one, the basic one, if we can get 
the number of the volumes for the quarter. 

 
 
    Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Manish Gangwal: 
Good afternoon Mr. Probal. So core lubricant volume has been 37,000 kl, and AdBlue volume 
has been 29,000 kl. 
Probal Sen: 
Okay. So AdBlue, I think, Ravi sir did mention that it was a tad weak in this quarter. How should 
we therefore look at the H2 in terms of growth in both these numbers? I mean just as a trend; 
how should we actually sort of look at the second half? 
Manish Gangwal: 
We have grown AdBlue over the last two years significantly, nearly 600%, 6x from FY '22 base, 
so there has been a very rapid growth in that segment for us and for the industry as well. 
Obviously, at these elevated higher levels, we are seeing that there is a stability coming in terms 
of overall numbers. However, this was a seasonally impacted quarter as Ravi highlighted 
already. During monsoon season, obviously, the movement of trucks and CVs, which is the large 
consumption segment is relatively lower, and we are also monitoring, but on a YTD basis, we 
are still on a double-digit growth. We are seeing a clear trajectory, a minimum stability, of at 
least 10,000 kl per month which has been seen in this segment. How it grows from here on will 
really depend on how BS VI grows. I also think some of the segments are being added for 
AdBlue consumption like construction equipment, etc., from 1st of April. That should also augur 
well for the overall segment going forward. 
Probal Sen: 
Okay. The second question was with respect to the A&P cost increase that was mentioned about 
The Unstoppables campaign. You also mentioned that there was some increase in the staff cost 
as well. Is it fair to say that only a certain portion of this is going to be there for the rest of the 
year and some part of margin improvement can come through once these campaign costs are 
done with? 
Manish Gangwal: 
We usually calibrate our A&P expenses on quarter-to-quarter basis. Quarter one was slightly 
higher because of IPL season. Quarter two, we have done this mega campaign, which is the 
single biggest campaign we have ever done in the history of Gulf. There is obviously some 
impact of those, but overall, we try to calibrate our marketing and on the ground activities in line 
with. But yes this is still a slightly elevated quarter to the extent of 40-50 basis points. 
Probal Sen: 
Right, which is what I'm saying. Just wanted to get a sense that we have been obviously seeing 
a steadily increasing trend in terms of not just gross margins, but even EBITDA margins as well 
for the past several quarters. This quarter, obviously, as we mentioned, is a bit of an aberration 
because these costs were higher. So can we expect a return to that trajectory?  
Ravi Chawla: 
Our A&P investments are based on our objectives in terms of consumers, how we want to 
convert, what are the various brands we have. Then there is a share of voice where you have 
competition also getting that share. Today, it's a bit different because you have many media 
platforms, so we do calibrate our A&P based on that. As of now, we did do this mega campaign 
in Q2 FY '25 in which we had to put in a slightly more investment. We'll have to wait and watch 
what that is, but yes, we are not going to have these mega campaigns. It's a huge campaign, 
which still is going on. This is obviously an investment we make in our brand, for which we'll 
have to wait and watch in terms of share of voice, but yes, we do see that this campaign is also 
having a good impact on our sales. 

 
 
    Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Probal Sen: 
Is it fair to therefore say that some overflow of these costs will be there in Q3 before maybe Q4 
sort of in a normalized opex environment? 
Ravi Chawla: 
It's a continuous process. I would say that yes there will be some spill over in quarter three. 
Probal Sen: 
Understood. Last question, if I may. With respect to revenue from the battery segment, is it 
possible to share the number for this quarter? 
Manish Gangwal: 
The battery turnover was INR20 crore for the quarter. 
Probal Sen: 
Okay. Overall, I think it was mentioned that Tirex has grown its revenue quite substantially in 
percentage terms, is it possible to share the absolute number as well right now? 
Manish Gangwal: 
Yes. So Tirex, is a DC charger manufacturer, where we hold 51%. We invested in this EV 
company, and they are really doing very well in terms of getting into the segment and growing 
their revenues and in terms of customer acquisition. In terms of top line, we consolidate their 
top line. For Q2 FY '25, it was around INR14 crore, and for the H1 FY’25, it is around INR24 
crore-INR25 crore, which in the last full year turnover was around INR24 crore-INR25 crore for 
Tirex. 
 
They've achieved the last year number in H1 FY’25 itself. We have been also guiding in the past 
that we want to at least double the turnover every year for the next few years. Obviously, we are 
on course to that. If you compare H1 to H1, they have grown their turnover by nearly 3x. 
Although on a small base, these are numbers which are still relatively quite small compared to 
our overall revenue, but yes, we are seeing very good traction there in that business. 
Probal Sen: 
Understood, sir. That's very, very useful. Thank you very much. I'll come back-in the queue 
thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sabri Hazarika from Emkay Global Financial 
Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
I just wanted some idea on the overall base oil pricing trend. In terms of your cost of raw material 
on a dollar per metric ton basis, rough cut, I mean some sort of like ballpark rate. What was it in 
Q1? And what was it in Q2? And right now, what kind of rate you are seeing? 
Manish Gangwal: 
I think as you all know, the base oil rates are linked to the crude movement, which is a volatile 
commodity. We saw an elevated crude oil prices in April, May during this year, and there is a 
lag effect in the base oil to the extent of one to two months. Sometimes different grades of base 
oil also plays a different role. As I was mentioning, some of the big refineries of base oil globally 
are going for shutdown during October, November. 
 
There are a lot of interventions, which are there in the base oil prices coming from different 
quarters. From time to time, we have seen elevations in the base oil movement, linked to the 
crude movement. But on a ballpark, I can give you that if crude remains at the current level, 
which is $75 to $80 range. Of course, it sometimes goes to $85 also during the quarter. It went 

 
 
    Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
up to $90 in April; and it went up to $85 in July. It is volatile thing and difficult to comment, but 
if it remains at the current levels, we are comfortable to maintain our gross margins. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Is there a possibility of increasing your margin guidance from 12% to 14%? I mean, more so in 
terms of, say, EBITDA per litre. For example, based on the numbers you have given, I think it 
is close to INR16 per litre of EBITDA, and this is like on an oil price base of, say, $84, $85, if I 
take a three months pricing lag. Now against that INR$84, $85, I mean, if there's a base oil 
correction, are you in a position to like improve your margins?  because when we see the 
numbers, both yours as well as your larger competitor, what we have noticed is that last three, 
four years have been like good in terms of volumes, but I think there's some sort of like catch up 
in terms of margins which could be there. I mean, both for you as well as for your larger 
competitors. So is there a thought process that there could be some increase in the overall margin 
guidance and you can benefit from this lower oil price cycle? 
Manish Gangwal: 
–Margin’s as you know, is a function of many things, including the pricing in the market, the 
competitive activities., the product mix and the segment mix. We have been highlighting that as 
a part of our unlock 2.0, we have been focusing on premiumization. We obviously see that there 
is a stability in the input cost, but there is a competitive intensity, which is also going up. 
 
Considering all this, it's difficult to say that in the short term, there can be a benefit of the lower 
crude sustained, but over a longer-term trajectory, over the next one to two years, obviously, our 
endeavour is to increase our gross margins and increase our EBITDA margins to the higher 
trajectory. On a medium- to long-term basis, we are very positive to do that, but on the short 
term, it's very difficult to comment whether the short-term crude movements or base oil 
movements can really help us generate those kind of elevated levels. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Got it. Got it. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Tiwari from Phillips Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Good evening, sir and best wishes for the festive season. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my 
question was related to the A&P expense that you highlighted.  Just wanted to understand that, 
was this expense also present in the first quarter? Or is it specific to this quarter? That was one.  
 
Secondly, when it comes to measuring the returns, what are the metrics that we perhaps deploy 
to understand what kind of returns on the investment that we are doing in brand building and 
A&P is stimulating for us?  
Thirdly, sir, what would be a more normalized level of expenses that we should consider if we 
are looking at like this brand campaign related expense as an aberration in overall scheme of 
things?  
Ravi Chawla: 
Our ratio of our A&P to overall revenue which we have been sharing is around 3% to 3.5% at 
times. Sometimes it goes higher in some quarter. These are all expenses which are planned on a 
campaign basis and on an annual basis. Then we have to obviously look at the share of voice 
and other campaigns which we do. It is basically around that level only which we plan. 

 
 
    Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 
Of course, we have to see the share of voice and what our objectives are. It is around this range 
at present, and in this quarter, it was slightly more because we had a mega campaign. Of course, 
we would like to continue investing in the brand, so the more we can invest, the more it helps us 
in the market, but it has to be a balanced approach. I think that is what we basically keep 
calibrating. 
Manish Gangwal: 
Just to add, Nitin, we have already guided that our usual advertisement is in the range of 3% to 
4%, as Ravi highlighted. In a normalized way, we would be towards the lower end of this band. 
In this quarter, we are on the higher side of this band. That's where the delta is, anywhere between 
50 basis points to 75 basis points in given quarters. That's where we usually play. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Sure, sir. The reason I asked is because in quarter one, we had other expenses of about INR209 
crore roughly, which is like at about INR208 crore in this quarter. This is actually lower. I 
suppose the A&P expense is a part of other expenses only, right?  
Manish Gangwal: 
Nitin, that is mainly because of the lower AdBlue volume. The freight expenses are lower in this 
quarter because there is nearly an 8,000 kl lower AdBlue volume from last quarter. That's where 
the freight has been lower, so you see that there is a lower freight and there are other expenses, 
which include advertisement, and OEM royalties, which are slightly higher. On the net basis, 
you see a similar figure, –because it’s an interchange between these two, three things. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Understood, sir. I was just trying to understand the EBITDA margin in this perspective because 
if I look at the gross margin, it is actually on the high side. The only difference, therefore, lies 
in the employee expenses which has gone up on a sequential basis. I suppose that you indicated 
that you are building a team for future growth, I suppose that would be the explanation right? 
Manish Gangwal: 
Yes, absolutely, right. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Second would be more on the bookkeeping side. If you can help us with a broad segmentation 
of the volumes in terms of various segments. What would be the percentage breakup? 
Manish Gangwal: 
For Q2 FY '25, I think we are roughly 39% in terms of diesel engine oil, which is similar to 
quarter one. In terms of personal mobility, we are higher by around 2%. In terms of industrial 
and others, we are lower by 2% So more or less in that range. But as we mentioned, motorcycle 
has been very good in this quarter. That is sort of a 2% increase in the mix in terms of personal 
mobility. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Would it be right to consider that personal mobility would be at about, say, 22% and industrial 
at about 18%. Now those would be the right numbers? 
Manish Gangwal: 
Yes, that's correct. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
And the rest would be about, I think, gear oil, brake goods, etc., right, which would be remaining 
20%? 
Manish Gangwal: 
Correct. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Yes. Got it. Okay. Thank you, sir. 

 
 
    Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of S. Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Equities. Please 
go ahead. 
S. Ramesh: 
Good evening and thank you very much.  If you look at your balance sheet, what is the reason 
for the increase in debt because there is a loan given during the period in the cash flow Can you 
explain why you had to increase the debt between March and September? 
Manish Gangwal: 
As I mentioned in my opening remarks, Mr. Ramesh, we have had to store higher inventory 
because as I was mentioning in one of the earlier questions, some of the refineries where we 
have a term contract, were going for a maintenance shutdown during October, November we 
had to prebuy some of the inventories and that's where you see increase in the borrowings. 
S. Ramesh: 
How do you see this debt being fair, say, in the next few quarters? 
Manish Gangwal: 
Yes, obviously. 
S. Ramesh: 
In terms of your overall volume growth of 9%, how does it compare with the overall growth in 
the Indian industry for your comparable segments? 
Ravi Chawla: 
We don't have data validated, but by whatever we are gauging, the industry is growing by 3% to 
4%. I think that is where some people say 4% to 5% because of Bazaar growth or different 
segments, but for us, the 3% to 4% growth is what the industry is getting in terms of volume. I 
think we are continuing to look at two to three times of that, so that's the way the industry is 
growing. Of course, we have various segments which for us also depends on how your position 
is, what your geographies are. We also have B2C and B2B. So overall industry growth is 3% to 
4%. 
S. Ramesh: 
If you look at your diesel and personal mobility, which is the lubricants for vehicles, can you 
put a number in terms of what would be your best guess on market share? Where do you see that 
going, say, in the next two, three years? 
Ravi Chawla: 
If you look at the segments, we are strong in diesel engine oils. We have close to 8%, 9% market 
share there. Similarly, motorcycle, we are 8% to 9%. I think this is where we are. In most of the 
other segments, we are 5% or below. 
S. Ramesh: 
Will you be able to build and increase this market share? 
Ravi Chawla: 
Yes, that is what we keep stressing. You see our brand is in the top three, and we obviously have 
to convert more consumers to buy us, so that's where the whole piece on the approach in terms 
of marketing, distribution comes up. We see good opportunity where we have these, I would 
say, moderate market shares, and we want to grow by 2x where we are strong. We continue 
doing that across B2C, B2B, as we have been doing in the segments that we have identified, and 
that is where we create our sort of differentiation to be able to gain market share ahead of market. 
S. Ramesh: 
Just two more thoughts. Based on this kind of strength you have in the market, what is the kind 
of increase in ROCE one can expect, say, over the next two, three years, basically the 

 
 
    Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
investments you're making in brands and the growth in the market and your own market share 
increase, roughly, what is the kind of internal target you have to improve your ROCE? 
Manish Gangwal: 
ROCE is, again, a function of many things. We have been keeping cash also on the balance sheet 
to look for opportunities in terms of investments into EV business and to look for more play in 
that segment. We have been currently paying out roughly 55%, 60% as dividend payouts. That 
we have increased over the last two, three years from 35%, 40% to now 55%, 60%. 
 
Obviously, ROCE is impacted partly because of keeping the cash for the investment for future. 
If we see that there are opportunities that are not immediately forthcoming, and we increase the 
payout, then ROCE obviously can improve. There are many factors. Obviously, from an 
EBITDA perspective and PAT perspective, we have been growing much ahead of the industry 
and overall more than double digit for the last two, three years quite significantly. That also is 
all a positive factor. 
S. Ramesh: 
Understood. Now coming to Tirex, if you look at the notes to the accounts, number six in 
consolidated accounts, there seems to be a loss in the second quarter of around INR1.5 crores. 
When do you see the Tirex breaking even? If you take two, three years from now, what is the 
size you expect in terms of revenue and, say, EBITDA margin? Can you throw some numbers 
on that? 
Manish Gangwal: 
In the last call for the quarter June, I think we explained that it's a very nascent business and a 
small company at this stage in terms of top line, but we have been investing significantly in 
terms of their capability building for R&D, for manpower, creating Indian service network for 
chargers. All these investments are being put into the company for the future sustainability and 
growth. Obviously, as I mentioned in the previous question they have already delivered INR25 
crore top line in this H1 FY’25, which is equal to last full year. 
 
We will be obviously aiming to double the top line every year at least for the next three, four 
years. That's where we believe, and we have announced in the past also that we want to take this 
company at least to INR500 crore to INR700 crore top line in the next five years. Then 
obviously, at the EBITDA margin level, we believe that they should be EBITDA neutral to 
EBITDA positive, marginally in the current year itself. 
S. Ramesh: 
Okay. Any additional investments you need to make in the next one or two years? 
Manish Gangwal: 
We have invested INR65 crore in the company as a primary investment when we acquired this 
company. That cash was with them to grow the business for their working capital needs and 
plant expansion. At this stage, we do not see any need to put more money for the growth of the 
business. Of course, some working capital loans can be availed from the bank if we want to. We 
have 51%, and we have all the ROFR clauses. If we want to increase the investment or 
percentage of shareholding, then further investment will be needed, which at this stage, we have 
not been thinking about. 
S. Ramesh: 
That's very helpful. Thanks a lot and wish you all the best and the best of each. Thank you very 
much, sir. 

 
 
    Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Nandwani from IIFL Securities Limited. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Yash Nandwani: 
I just wanted to confirm the realization per litre for AdBlue and the margins for the same. 
Manish Gangwal: 
It has been around INR45 realization for Q2 FY’25, which was earlier around INR50. And the 
margin remains roughly similar, mid-single digit. 
Yash Nandwani: 
Could you throw some light on your dealer margins as a percentage of your sales price? Could 
you give some details as compared to your competitors as well? 
Ravi Chawla: 
In the lubricant industry, the margins vary based on the brand strength. They get a base margin 
and then they get certain other margins, which they get for their various activations. I think that 
is the brand positioning. – We have a quarterly annual scheme, which we give them incentives. 
That is the construct overall, and it also is relative to our brand strength. I think that is something 
which we obviously don't publish publicly. It is a document between us and the trade. 
Yash Nandwani: 
Okay. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Angad Katdare from Sameeksha Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Angad Katdare: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I just have one small book keeping question. Could you please 
give me the volume data for core lubricant and AdBlue? 
Manish Gangwal: 
The core lubricant was 37,000 kl and AdBlue was 29,000 kl for the quarter. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Probal Sen from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Probal Sen: 
I actually had a couple of longer-term questions. EV fluids as a segment, is it still too early to 
speak about it? Has it gained any sort of scale at this point of time? Or is it still very early days 
for it to sort of be spoken about this type of business? 
Ravi Chawla: 
You see, EV fluid, obviously, the fluids that are going in our transmission, break fluids, grease, 
and coolants. As we have been explaining, we are present in some of the EVs, we have close to 
9-10 EVOEMs. It's going to be a very small volume, even if it comes for all the EVs that are 
going to be made, which are now going up. 
As you know, the penetration is going up from 3%, 4% to even 50% in three-wheelers. I think 
it's going to be a growing segment. We want to be part of it because we are there. We already 
have a good partnership with few OEMs, but not a very large volume. It will still be a very small 
volume of the overall pie. 

 
 
    Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Probal Sen: 
I mean in your view in terms of how you have seen the segment evolve. By when do you see 
this actually developing into a material component of our business? 
Ravi Chawla: 
If you track the EV penetration today, whatever numbers we have, as I told you, 3-wheelers is 
50%. All the others are low single-digit penetration of new vehicles. By the time these vehicles 
come up and two-wheelers is probably going to be at 6%-7%. It can go up to double maybe next 
two years. So once it is a sizable side, we are anywhere there with the OEMs. We have the 
products in our range for EV, few new products will come in like coolants, and other slightly 
better things. As this evolves, we have a global range. We'll be able to play in the share with 
whatever is there in the market. As you know, we are very strong with OEMs. We have very 
large number of OEMs as you look at our customer base. I think it's going to be still single-digit 
volume even if it goes to its maturity. 
Probal Sen: 
Understood, sir. The other question was you also just alluded to the OEM relationships. You did 
speak about giving some details in the year-end analyst presentation. I just wanted to sense that 
what has happened to OEM relationships in H1 FY’25? How many more have we added? Where 
are we right now? Also if you can speak a bit on how the B2B business has evolved? Where do 
you see that going forward for the next six to 12 months? 
Ravi Chawla: 
I'll start with B2B. We are present in the B2B segment with industrial customers. We have a 
distributor network, plus we have infrastructure customers, IMF. For us in both these segments, 
we have less than 5% market share. In some geographies may be higher, but overall. This 
business has been growing double-digit volume for us. Obviously, we have certain strengths 
which we have in each of the segments. We have a product range. We are working on getting 
more OEM approvals. In our distributors also we have appointed and maybe a few locations are 
left.  
This business is growing well with India manufacturing base going up. The way Indian 
manufacturing industry is going up, you take sectors whether you take textile, you take food, 
you take cement, you take metals, all of this is going up in India. We are part of this growth, and 
we'll continue increasing our market share if we are growing double digits because this industry 
is also growing maybe 4% to 5%. That's where our endeavor is on.  
Coming to the OEMs, we have very strong relations with OEMs, both automotive, industrial, 
construction. Of course, now with EV fluids, we are there with them and we are even getting 
some of the new EV OEMs. We continue to keep growing there. Of course, aftermarket is where 
90% of our volume gets sold. OEMs, again, give us products which we can sell in aftermarket 
like the franchisee workshop. In terms of any new OEMs added in this quarter, we are working 
on a few prospects, but we are also growing with our current OEMs. So that's a positive where 
we get extra territories. We cover more in terms of their spread. They are exporting for few 
OEMs. I think it's been a very good quarter, as I mentioned to you that the channel OEM business 
has grown double digit for us, with the current OEM. No new announcements, but hopefully, 
we'll get a few. We have more or less got representation in most of the sectors in the OEMs. 

 
 
    Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Probal Sen: 
One last question with respect to The Unstoppables campaign. Typically, a campaign, which, as 
you mentioned, which is more ambitious than one thing that we have done. Will this also be 
accompanied by probably an aggressive push to grow our retail distribution platform is there? 
Ravi Chawla: 
Yes, if you have seen the advertisement, it talks about our three brand ambassadors. Obviously, 
there's an emotional connect to the campaign, it's a rescue film. Then it talks about how we show 
a bike and the car and then obviously, we talk about the human aspect of being unstoppable and 
then related to our products. These are campaigns which send messages to consumers. Our 
current consumers who are using our product will use more and new customers will be added. 
It has got a lot of trade activations. 
 
Let me share with you that on the ground, once the campaign hit the media and it still continues 
to go, we had display across thousands of our retailers done within four days of the campaign. 
This is where we have seen the confidence in the trade also going up because when you invest 
in the brand, they definitely want to stock and sell more. Of course, new outlets are joining us. 
The objective therefore of these campaigns are also to get that what you just mentioned. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajit Aggarwal from Atharva Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Good afternoon, sir. Just one small question. On the Tirex business, how do you see the margins 
in this business once this business has achieved a reasonable scale, say, two to three years down 
the line, will it be higher than our existing business or will it be in the similar range? 
Manish Gangwal: 
As we see the business progressing, which is more a B2B business. Of course, it has a component 
of retail, and it has a component of some elements of B2C, but a good part of this is a B2B 
business. We believe that once we reach a size and scale, it should deliver at least a similar 
EBITDA margins as our lubricant business. It will not be a margin diluting business on a consol 
basis. 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Just a small follow-up. When you say it's B2B. So towards the end users of this service or 
product? 
Manish Gangwal: 
Tirex makes DC fast chargers. They are the charges with a capacity which is 30-kilowatt going 
up to 240-kilowatt and even higher. These are basically chargers which are used to charge buses, 
for example, e-buses. E-bus manufacturers and E-bus operators are the target customers. Of 
course, we then have fuel stations of private and public PSUs. They are also being guided to 
electrify their fuel stations, so they are our potential customer.  
 
Retail, wherever there is a construction and there are new malls being constructed or even in the 
existing malls or shopping malls, housing societies, they also put fast chargers and create some 
slots. Overall, some of these are target segment as of now. Of course, CPOs, which are the charge 
point operators, they are also a category who are electrifying highways and putting chargers 
across Pan India to create a charging infra. All these are the potential customers for this kind of 
a fast charger. 

 
 
    Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Right, sir, so these charges are for passenger vehicles as well, as you said it's a high voltage. Is 
it for passenger vehicles and buses, etc., both? Or is it only for buses? 
Manish Gangwal: 
Yes. Public charges are mostly fast chargers, but cars, etc., can be charged with the AC slow 
chargers also at home. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarvanath, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Sarvanath: 
I just wanted to ask about the dividend payout being around 40% right now. For our future plans 
are you going to sustain it or are you going to change it? 
Manish Gangwal: 
I think we have increased our dividend payout to now nearly 55% plus in the last two, three 
years. It's not 40% anymore. 40% was our payout three years ago, where we were maintaining 
around 35%-40%. As we continue to generate good cash and our cash conversion to profits have 
been also very high at nearly 80%90%. Also considering that our capex requirement for lubricant 
business also is around INR20 crore, INR25 crore-INR30 crore annually. We continue to 
generate good cash, and we have increased the payout already to 55%, 60%. 
Sarvanath: 
Okay. Got it. Are you going to sustain a number in the years going forward? 
Manish Gangwal: 
While we do not have an announced policy for the percentage, but obviously, our trajectory has 
been to maintain it and as I mentioned in one of the earlier questions, if the use of cash is not 
quite visible in the near future, it can be increased also. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nisha Mulchandrani an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Nisha Mulchandrani: 
For the AdBlue segment since you mentioned there is a drop in the volume in the current month 
because of the seasonal impact. What is the route to market for AdBlue? Is it only through the 
OEM segment or it is distributed along all the states and channels? 
Ravi Chawla: 
No, it is right across all our touchpoints. 
Nisha Mulchandrani: 
The majority of it we assume must be because of the diesel engine oil and the OEM segment, 
right? 
Ravi Chawla: 
Yes. AdBlue is used for diesel engine. 
Nisha Mulchandrani: 
Okay and as you have mentioned in the press release that exports have shown a good growth in 
this quarter. What is the overall percentage of the exports on the total portfolio? Has that also 
gone up versus earlier quarters? 

 
 
    Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Manish Gangwal: 
Yes, I think we are now at around 6%-7% in terms of our export as a percentage. While earlier 
it used to be 3%-4% and then we stabilized around 5%. Now it has gone to 6%-7%. 
Nisha Mulchandrani: 
One last question, specifically on the new technology that has been developed around the data 
center. Any view on that point that have you started anything or any product development for 
that 
Ravi Chawla: 
Yes, we have started. We have products. We are developing them globally. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Ravi Chawla: 
Thank you. I'd like to thank all of you for being on the call. Hopefully we answered your 
questions. Going forward, obviously, we have continued the trajectory of two to three times 
industry volume growth. Our focus remains to do that, and, to look at revenue growth and be 
ahead in the industry. We are quite confident that we will continue our market-leading growth 
to gain market share. 
 
We will continue our focus on margin management, profitable and sustainable growth, better 
product mix and marketing initiatives. We have shared with some of you earlier, to achieve the 
next level of growth and success, we have embarked on the theme, Unlock 2.0, which is 
accelerate premiumize and transform. For acceleration, we are not only growing ahead of the 
market, we are also focusing on growing more in areas where our market share is lower. 
 
Given what is happening in the Indian economy, the demographics, the growth of automotive 
industry, manufacturing industry, and of course, we believe that this will give us opportunities 
to grow faster and much better in terms of categories where we are strong and also where we 
have less market share and also to enhance our profitability. While we premiumize, we are 
looking at the value growth, which the industry is also seeing in terms of having a higher value 
growth than volume growth. 
 
We will continue to look at that, bring in products which can give us a part of this growth and 
also where India is the third largest lubricant consuming country, we are clear that, in spite of 
EV, we are going to see 3%-4% volume growth and double of that in terms of value growth. So 
over the next decade, premiumization in terms of products is important. We are focusing on that 
in both in terms of product development and placing the products.  
The third theme of transformation, we are looking at not only digital infrastructure, brand 
investments, digital, social media, but also EV charging solutions and really the core 
transformation and transformation across the organization plus the EV ecosystem is what we are 
talking about. We are quite confident of this. We are also, as we have mentioned on the EV, we 
have started making some inroads to our charging business. 
 
The recent PM e-drive, which was announced in August and is now effective from October 1st, 
is again, talking about giving a lot of incentives to increase the charging infrastructure. This 

 
 
    Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
helps us and the Tirex business. This is a good development that has happened. Of course, as 
Manish mentioned, we are going to look at more investments going forward. Overall, I think 
looking at continuing the growth, and certainly, we also have other companies with Tirex, 
Electreefi, which makes software. Indra AC chargers, which we plan to bring in India. 
 
Given our business relationships, our brand and our touch points, we want to also capitalize on 
that, but the core lubricants and of course, continuing our AdBlue growth is also a key focus 
area. That's all from my side. Thank you so much for joining us on this call and look forward to 
you joining our next call. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no 
responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
