 
 
 
 
R SYSTEMS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
Corporate Identity Number : L74899DL1993PLC053579 
[CMMI Level 5, PCMM Level 5, ISO 9001:2015 & ISO 27001:2013 Company] 
C-40, Sector-59, NOIDA, Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar, U.P., India – 201 307 
Phones: +91-120-4303500 
Fax: +91-120-4082699 
Email : rsil@rsystems.com 
www.rsystems.com 
Regd. Off.: GF-1-A, 6, Devika Tower, 
Nehru Place, New Delhi- 110019 
 
REF: SECT/11/2024/17 
 
 
 
 
 DATE: NOVEMBER  14, 2024 
 
To,                                                                             
The Managing Director 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra – East, Mumbai – 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol – RSYSTEMS 
To,                                                                 
The General Manager 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code - 532735 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
SUB: SUBMISSION OF TRANSCRIPT OF THE INVESTORS/ ANALYSTS CALL FOR THE 
QUARTER AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
  
This has reference to regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the Transcript of the Investors/ Analysts 
call held on Friday, November 08, 2024 on the financial results for the quarter and nine months 
ended on September 30, 2024. 
 
Further, please note that the Transcript of the Investors/ Analysts call held on Friday,  
November 08, 2024 is being made available on the website of the Company at the following link: 
  
https://www.rsystems.com/investors-analysts-call/   
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For R Systems International Limited 
 
 
Bhasker Dubey 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) 
 
 
BHASKER 
DUBEY
Digitally signed by 
BHASKER DUBEY 
Date: 2024.11.14 
16:14:51 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
“R Systems International Limited 
Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 08, 2024 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NITESH BANSAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. NAND SARDANA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. KUMAR GAURAV–VICE PRESIDENT (FINANCE & 
ACCOUNTS) 
Notes: 
1. Please note that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/ discussed during or in pursuance to this Earnings
Call.
2. This transcript has been edited for readability purpose and may contain errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such 
errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy.

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the R Systems Q3 FY 2024 Earnings 
Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kumar. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Kumar: 
Thank you, Sejal. I welcome all participants to R Systems Quarter 3 2024 earnings conference 
call. Since, R Systems follows the calendar year as its financial year, July to September quarter 
is Q3 for us. We have today with us Nitesh Bansal, Managing Director and CEO, R Systems and 
Nand Sardana, CFO, R Systems. 
 
We have shared the investor presentation earlier today as well as uploaded on company’s and 
stock exchanges website. I hope all of you have received that. We will start the call with opening 
remarks on the performance of the company by Nitesh, followed by financial overview by Nand. 
Thereafter, we will have a closing statement by Nitesh. Subsequently, we will open up for a 
Q&A session. 
 
Before I hand over, let me read out the customary disclaimer statement on behalf of the 
Company. Investors are cautioned that this presentation contains certain forward-looking 
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The company undertakes no obligation publicly 
to update or revise any such statements. These statements may undertake revisions because of 
new information, future events or otherwise. Actual results, performance, achievements could 
differ from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. 
 
Now I am handing over to Niteshji for his opening comments. Thank you. over to you, sir. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Thank you, Kumar, and good morning, and welcome to our earnings call for Q3. Thanks for 
joining in. This is Nitesh Bansal. For those of you, who received our slides, I will be mentioning 
the slide number just for you to refer to them. The broad topics on the agenda that I'm going to 
cover is the key highlights of the financial performance, the trends, our operating metrics, some 
of the comments on how we're building for the future, referring to some key wins, and providing 
little bit of summary of what we are seeing ahead in the market. 
 
So moving to Slide 4, if you're referring to the presentation, the key highlights for Q3. We ended 
Q3 with a revenue of INR 4,441 million. This is approximately $53 million. This is a revenue 
growth in INR terms quarter-on-quarter, 2.8% and year-on-year, 1.4%. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
We closed at an EBITDA of 17.9%, which totals to INR 796 million or $9.5 million, which is a 
quarter-on-quarter growth of 11.5% in INR terms and year-on-year of 19.5%. Our net profit 
stood at INR 398 million, which is approximately $4.8 million. 
If you look at the EBITDA growth quarter-on-quarter, it has been a result of a few parameters, 
which is given as an EBITDA bridge. So, we gained on a higher number of billing days in Q3, 
about INR 2.7 crores, or about 0.5%Improved utilization, which has been a conscious effort 
that's been going on in the organization for the last 3 quarters, gave us an additional INR 2.3 
crores or another 0.5%. Tightening our operating metrics and ways of working has resulted in 
another INR 2.3 crores or another 0.5%. We got a rupee depreciation benefit of about INR 90 
lakhs or 0.1%, resulting in the overall EBITDA of INR 796 million. 
 
Moving to the performance for 3 quarters or year-to-date Jan to September 2024, we finished at 
INR 12,928 million or $155 million, which is a year-on-year growth of about 1.9%, and year-
on-year adjusted EBITDA growth of 5.4% at 16.3% EBITDA or INR 2,110 million. The equity 
attributable to shareholders remains at INR 6,607 million, cash and bank balances of INR 2,598 
million, AR and unbilled at INR 3,192 million, which results in the DSO of 59 days. 
 
Just a quick note to observe for an adjusted EBITDA comparative from Q3 or 3 quarters, same 
3 quarters last year, we had a one-time transaction in Q3 last year, which resulted in an additional 
BOT transfer fee of $2.3 million, which has been adjusted. So, Jan to Sept 2023 stood at 14.5%, 
but 
added 
$2.3 
million, 
resulted 
in 
15.8% 
for 
the 
same  
3 quarters last year. 
 
Moving on to the next slide, which is Slide 6, financial trends. We have continued to grow 
quarter-on-quarter for the last 3 quarters to 4 quarters in a row and ending at INR 4,441 million 
and at EBITDA of 17.9%. So, the company has crossed a quarterly run rate of INR 440 crores 
in revenues and INR 75 crores in EBITDA terms. 
 
Our quality of revenue has also continued to improve consistently as we have continued to focus 
on high-value business, winning deals, focused on cloud, data and AI, which is giving us more 
sticky business and giving us better value clients. 
 
On the operating metrics, which is Slide 7, our revenue mix by geography. While North America 
continues to be our largest geography, contributing 74.1%, it's a 1% drop from the last quarter. 
Southeast Asia has done much better and gone from 12.9% to 14.2%, which is also largely 
reflective of how the economies in these regions have performed, where North America and 
Europe had been slow, but Southeast Asia had been doing well. So, it is sort of reflected in our 
business mix as well. 
 
Europe remains relatively around the same, 8.3% to 8.1% and rest of the world from 3.7% to 
3.6%. But broadly speaking, no material change to the mix of revenue. North America continues 
to lead. Southeast Asia and Europe are still significant contributors. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
From a client concentration perspective, our top client contribution came down from 5.2% to 
5%. But this is largely because this is a telecom customer, and large telco companies have been 
curtailing a lot of spend in the recent quarters. But we expected it to reverse back as the telco 
spend comes back, and we are already seeing signs of that. 
 
Our top 3 clients contributed 10.3% compared to 10.5% last quarter, not a major change. Top 5 
clients improved slightly from 14.1% to 14.8%, thus signifying continued focus on both account 
management as well as improving the revenue mix. Top 10 clients also grew slightly from 21.9% 
to 22.5% of revenue. Our utilization continued to improve, which has resulted in the EBITDA 
growth, as we talked about. And the DSO has continued to be kept in check at 59 days as we 
ended quarter 3. 
 
Moving to Slide 8, building for the future, talking about some of the qualitative terms. Our go-
to-market, which has been a focus since the beginning of the year, we have been deepening our 
engagements with customers with more value-added initiatives. We've strengthened our 
partnership with hyperscalers; Azure, AWS, as well as with all other partners that we work with, 
including Boomi, Salesforce, UiPath and others. This is giving us more long-term sustainable 
revenue through business solutions and solving clients' critical business problems. 
 
Our delivery footprint has also expanded. One of the major steps that we took in the quarter was 
to open a new delivery centre in Mexico, for which we've created an entity in Mexico. And we 
are starting our delivery operations from this quarter, which will serve the purpose of nearshore 
staffing, resourcing and project delivery for mostly our North American customers who require 
work to be done in the same time zone from a cost-effective location. 
 
From an offerings and positioning perspective, we launched OptimaAI, which is a GenAI suite 
for enterprises. This is a suite that we rolled out internally for all our developers and engineers 
as well, which allows them to leverage the power of Generative AI in the software development 
lifecycle and also becomes a repository for all the AI use cases that we work on, and hence, 
creating a lot of reusable components that can be leveraged to deliver to our customers. 
 
We also launched a couple of offerings that are widely applicable and finding a lot of acceptance. 
One was around migration from any reporting tools to Power BI, and second was around Chaos 
Engineering with an integrated disaster recovery model to enhance our business continuity and 
resilience. And there are more such solutions in the work, so we'll continue to release and launch 
more of these value-added offerings to the market, improving both our positioning as well as 
deepening our wallet share with the customers. 
 
Talking about leadership. While people, of course, remain our most valuable assets and as we 
have truly started operating like a global enterprise, we have been augmenting some 
management bandwidth in spaces where we felt that we had a white space or needed to bring in 
the leadership. We inducted Satyadeep Mishra as our Chief Human Resources Officer. He is 
based out of India and is now globally responsible for HR. Srikara Rao joined as a Chief 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Technology Officer for Cloud and Security Services based in the US and Shardul Sangal has 
joined us as Senior VP of Global Delivery. 
 
Talking about some key wins that we've had in the last quarter. We started working with a 
product company in Europe, which is engaged in developing financial software and providing 
services to mostly financial institutions. We are currently carrying out a total revamp and 
reengineering of their financial services platform, from legacy technologies to more cloud-based 
and SaaS-based technologies and enhanced user experience. 
 
With another US-based cloud platform provider for utilities industry, we are streamlining their 
product development and sustenance services, offering full life cycle of development and 
sustenance service offerings to implement transformative and cloud-based solutions. 
 
For another company in the financial decision support systems provisioning, who provide 
systems for financial decision support, we are currently managing and optimizing their IT 
support and Salesforce environment and enabling their cloud operations. 
 
For a large independent digital wealth management platform, we are providing them quality 
assurance, development services, critical fix and fill and operational efficiency-related services 
that have come onboard last quarter. 
 
And for a Canada-based global leader in transportation and shipping of coal, oil and other energy 
materials, we are modernizing their operations by upgrading their reporting capabilities, giving 
them real-time capabilities to look at KPIs and reports to drive their efficiency and bring 
innovation in global logistics.  
So these are the snapshots of a few notable wins of third quarter. There are, of course, many 
others, but these are just sort of examples of how leading through data, AI and cloud, we are 
building deeper connect and winning better deals. 
 
At this point, I will hand it over to Mr. Nand Sardana for a detailed overview of the financial 
metrics. Nand Ji, over to you. 
Nand Sardana: 
Thank you, Nitesh ji. Good morning to all. Thank you, everybody, for attending this call. The 
presentation gives detail of quarter 3 performance, which is our third quarter as we follow 
calendar year. Revenue for the quarter was INR 444 crores or $53 million as against INR 432 
crores or $51.8 million in last quarter. It was INR 457.3 crores, that is $55.3 million in the same 
quarter last year. 
 
Q3 '23 was benefited by a onetime BOT fee of $2.3 million from a Knowledge Service customer. 
Excluding this one-time fee, year-on-year growth is 1.4% and quarter-on-quarter growth is 2.8%. 
The growth is driven by higher traction to digital product engineering and digital operation 
services. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
 
The gross margin was 36.3% compared to 35.5% last quarter and 35.6%, excluding that onetime 
BOT fee same quarter last year. Gross margin is mainly resultant of improved utilization. SG&A 
expenses decreased by INR 37 lakh, this is mainly due to H-1B visa filing, which falls in quarter 
2. The adjusted EBITDA was 17.9% compared to 16.5% last quarter and 15.2%, excluding that 
onetime fee in the same quarter last year. 
 
The company has been able to expand sustainable operating margins through operational 
efficiencies. The RSU cost under Management Incentive Plan 2023 is INR 8.2 crores compared 
to INR 8 crores last quarter. EBITDA, net of RSU spend, is 16.1% as against 14.7% last quarter. 
 
Year to date, September '24, for 9 months, revenue was INR 1,292.7 crores or $155 million as 
against INR 1,268.2 crores or $154 million same period last year. Excluding onetime fee, the 
growth is 3.5%. Adjusted EBITDA was 16.3% as against 14.5% same period last year, excluding 
onetime fee. 
 
Our growth has been impacted by macro environment. However, we have been able to expand 
margins through operational efficiencies. We are committed for profitable growth and continued 
our investment in sales engine, new technologies and innovation to deliver long-term sustainable 
growth. And getting down to depreciation and amortization, the total expense was INR 16.6 
crores compared to INR 16.7 crores last quarter. This includes INR 6.3 crores for intangible 
capitalized on account of Velotio and Scaleworx acquisitions. 
 
Interest expense is INR 1.6 crores compared to INR 2 crores last quarter. Other income was 
negative of INR 72 lakhs compared to income of INR 2.2 crores last quarter. This quarter, we 
had an exchange loss of INR 2.2 crores compared to an exchange gain of INR 1.1 crores last 
quarter, mainly on account of mark-to-market forward covers. Further, the other income 
comprises of interest income of INR 1 crores this quarter compared to 68 lakhs last quarter. 
 
During the quarter, the average rate for USD and Euro was INR 83.76 and INR 92.05, 
respectively. These are the 2 main currencies for R Systems. As at year-end, we had total forward 
cover of $37.5 million, with average rate of INR 84.75; and Euro forward cover of EUR 2.7 
million, with average rate of INR 94.3, which have already been marked to market at closing 
rate of September 30. 
 
Our tax expense was INR 11.8 crores this quarter as against INR 21.9 crores last quarter. 
Reduction of taxes is due to reversal of tax provision of INR 6.2 crores against dividend received 
from subsidiary company as a result of declaration of dividend in this quarter. Net profit after 
tax was INR 39.8 crores or $4.8 million compared to INR 24.8 crores or $3 million last quarter. 
Basic EPS for the quarter was INR 3.37 compared to INR 2.1 last quarter. 
 
Getting down to asset side, the total receivable including unbilled at the end of quarter were         
INR 319 crores compared to INR 320 crores at the end of last quarter. DSO is 59 days as against 
60 days last quarter. Our cash and bank balances, net of short-term borrowing as on September 
was INR 260 crores compared to INR 179 crores at the end of last quarter. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
 
With this, let me hand over to Nitesh Ji for closing remarks. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Thank you, Nand Ji. So, summing up and looking ahead, clearly, we are seeing good signs of 
activity in the market. We've seen traction begin across all sectors now. As the year is coming 
to a close and also US elections behind us, there are definite signs that customers are planning 
to spend more in the coming year. And this is the time when they're doing a lot of those RFQs 
and RFPs. So clearly, very busy times from a sales perspective. 
 
Our increasing partnership and collaboration with the ecosystem power players; AWS, 
Microsoft, Salesforce, Boomi, UiPath, and something that we have done recently in the last 2 
quarters, building up an active start-up partner ecosystem as well, that traction is continuing to 
grow. We've seen benefits of that collaboration and significant activity in the market with that. 
 
If you look at the trends, the trends have really not changed much. AI, of course, continues to be 
talk of the town. Fully leveraging AI continues to require both expertise in technology as well 
as understanding of the new domain, and those are the areas where professional service providers 
like us become really necessary because we bring the combination of understanding how to 
leverage AI to solve those business problems. And this is where we are beginning to see 
companies show a lot of interest and ask for services. 
 
Process efficiency and automation, cost savings, they all remain dominant themes. Digital 
product engineering, AI and automation are all very relevant, and we are seeing activities across 
all these areas. With the growth of activity in the sales process and the number of request for 
quotations, proposals, etc, we remain fairly optimistic of the market sentiment improving with 
the beginning of '25. 
 
So with that, I would probably end the presentation now, and we are open to questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, the first question is from the line of Nikhil from Kizuna Wealth. Please 
go ahead. 
Nikhil: 
Sir, I just wanted to ask you, like, now we are seeing that the environment is pretty much 
optimistic now, so can you just highlight how the pipeline is making progress? Like how much 
growth is there in the pipeline, like in ACV and TCV numbers, too? So that is my first question, 
sir.  
Nitesh Bansal: 
Yes, Nikhil, thanks for your question. We are seeing increased activity, which is reflected in 
growth in the pipeline. However, since we do not share the ACV, TCV numbers or the guidance, 
I won't be able to provide that. But like I said earlier, we have seen both, the number of inquiries 
as well as number of proposal asks go up, and we continue to work through them. 
 
We are hoping that, along with those asks, decision-making cycles would also become faster, 
where, in the last few quarters, we've seen a lot of customers hold back on their decisions. Some 
of that will open up, too. So, while the response to your question is not in quantitative terms and 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
numbers of whether it's ACV or TCV of the pipeline, but definitely, we are seeing the pipeline 
grow up and looking forward to good conversions. 
Nikhil: 
Okay, sir. That was so insightful. So, my second question is like our ITES business is now 
approximately 10%. So what is the margin and what is the sustainable margin? (Inaudible) 
Moderator: 
Mr. Nikhil, we can't hear you. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Yes, we couldn't, but Nikhil let me understand what you are saying is now that our services 
margin is around 18%, are they sustainable or what is our outlook? I'm guessing that's your 
question. And I think in my previous earnings call also, we've mentioned that we are consciously 
working on some of these margin improvement initiatives through utilization and pyramid 
improvements, etc, to one of course, provide a sustainable growth to the EBITDA margins, but 
also to create additional room for us to invest for the growth. 
 
As we are seeing the market move towards a growth sentiment, we will continue to invest both 
in our sales and marketing efforts by putting more feet on the ground as well as start building 
additional capacity for delivery. So, while our margins will remain sustainable, and when you 
look at our annualized margins, you will see a sustainable growth in them. But we will also be 
making some amount of investments to fuel the growth on the top line basis. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. 
Anmol Garg: 
A couple of questions. Firstly, on the margin side, utilization is now close to an all-time high. 
And we are also talking about making some investments on the sales side as well as on the 
delivery side. So what are some of the levers that will help us in increasing the margins from the 
current levels? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, Anmol, thanks for the question, and thanks for joining again, so we believe, on the utilization 
front, we've done a fairly good job, and we are at industry-leading utilizations. We will try and 
sustain the utilization while making conscious investments and improving our delivery bench 
strength and capacity to be able to capture growth as it comes in the market. 
 
And since we are looking at investments in line with growth, I do not believe that it should lead 
to a massive dilution of margin there. Sales and marketing investments are budgeted with certain 
amount of drag as a percentage of revenue. So for us, we are quite confident that we should be 
able to, when you look at our annualized margin, this is just a quarter margin, so I wouldn't base 
it on this when you look at the full year margins. That's where we will try to make sure that we 
are able to stay sustainable. 
 
And from a levers perspective, we still have levers, which will be related to as we get into larger 
customer sizes. The whole management overload and effort becomes more streamlined. We are 
looking at pyramid rationalization. And also, as we change our service mix, our service mix 
itself also can lead to better margins. All of those are in the works, and all of these levers will 
start playing out, as we work through in the quarters to come. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Right. Just continuing on the same, Nitesh, are we increasing our sales incentive structures? And 
would this have an impact on our overall SG&A? So, should we expect increase in SG&A levels 
from the current levels? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So on the sales side, we're not increasing the incentive structure because sales incentives are 
benchmarked with the market, and we are in a quite a good spot. We are able to incentivize our 
sales people for the efforts and the outcomes they produce. We are, however, continuing to 
improve our sales bandwidth, which basically means increasing the number of people in the 
market, both for hunting as well as farming. 
 
As we develop better logos of our customers, we are continuing to invest in farming efforts so 
that we can deepen our relationships with them and increase our wallet share. So, that will 
continue, but it is planned to be largely in the line of our expected growth. 
 
So from a percentage change of SG&A, while there will be some investment, it's not a massive 
investment, not a massive move to the percentage of SG&A. We will definitely see SG&A 
increase as a percentage over the next quarter and the next, but those investments are already 
made. The cost, obviously, gets reflected in the next quarter. 
Anmol Garg: 
Understood. And also, if you can talk about a bit on our journey towards signing on larger ISVs 
as our clients. Have we been able to sign any larger ISVs this quarter? Or is there any new 
partnerships which is expected in coming quarters as well? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So from a partnerships perspective, I think we've been very conscious and partnering with the 
companies that we intend to. We will definitely also start working with ServiceNow in the 
quarters to come because that's something which we've been working on, and we will establish 
that partnership but what we will be focusing more on is improving our partnership levels with 
the partners we work with, on getting more traction with them and getting to a point where they 
start becoming their channels to bring us more deals. We have seen increase in the deal inflow 
through our partner channels in quarter-on-quarter for every quarter in the last 3 years, and that's 
something that we'll continue to work on. 
 
From signing larger ISVs perspective, our overall percentage of revenue or revenue mix from 
customers that are greater than $500 million or greater than $1 billion has continued to move up 
and I think like we had said earlier, we had set up a sales motion to open large accounts and 
larger deals. That continues to do its work, and it will continue to produce as well. So, the answer 
is yes, and we are continuing to sign larger customer sizes and with better deal sizes as well. 
Anmol Garg: 
Just one last thing is on the deal wins. So, I know that you don't give ACV or TCV numbers. 
But from a qualitative aspect, if you can indicate whether we have seen increase in the deal sizes 
versus the last quarter? And is this a trend which is happening? Or should we expect the deal 
sizes to remain where it is? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Anmol, we are definitely seeing our average deal size go up, quarter-on-quarter. We are also 
tracking it at pipeline level. And we are seeing that in our pipe, also, we are getting more number 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
of larger deal sizes. And like I said earlier, it's a conscious effort of gradually moving towards 
it. So for us, definitely, it is a positive trend, and we have every intention to continue it that way. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vinay Menon from Monarch Capital. 
Vinay Menon: 
Congratulations on the good set of numbers, sir. So just a few questions from my end. So 
utilization is at 83.5%. Is there any room left for improving? Or could we, like, top up somewhere 
close to this level? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Well, it is pretty much the best of the industry kind of a utilization level. So I wouldn't say that 
we can or we will try and push for going beyond this level kind of a thing. So yes, your question 
is valid. We are pretty much at the top from utilization perspective because, from every 
calculation we look at beyond this, there isn't too much room for the utilization side. However, 
like Anmol or Nikhil had asked, are there other levers? Yes, there are other levers that we 
continue to work with. 
Vinay Menon: 
Okay and on a similar basis, sir, what kind of employee addition could we see, sir, over the next 
few quarters? Because you've had a few quarters without any kind of employee addition. So are 
there any plans for that? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
There certainly are and we are willing to add bandwidth and employees in data, cloud, AI. And 
also a bunch of our specialized areas around security and similar services.  
Vinay Menon: 
Okay and the margins, sir, continued to be strong. So is there been any improvement in billing 
rates on the IT services side? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
No, the market environment wasn't going to support the rate increase. In fact, in the last couple 
of earnings calls, there were questions around whether we have given discounts to our customers. 
Given the nature of our services in the product implementation and product engineering space, 
we haven't offered discounts to our customers. But on the contrary, we have not increased or 
we've not been able to get billing increase either. 
 
So, the robustness of margin performance is largely due to better utilization and better operating 
efficiency, tighter control on project costs, better control over change requests and all of those 
aspects and not a direct billing rate increase. Like digital operations, like some of the enterprise 
business that we carry out in Asia Pacific, our business mix has become richer, and that has also 
had some positive impact on margin improvement. 
Vinay Menon: 
Okay, sir. And so we've seen like 2 cuts already in the U.S., one 50 bps and one 25 last night. 
So has there been any impact on discretionary expense? It's been 2 months since we have seen 
the first cut. So have companies started to ramp up spending or something like that? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
To increase spending directly, not yet. But intend to spend, definitely. Because I think the impact 
of the cuts, the last cut gave people the positivity and hope that they will be able to spend more. 
But then there was the election, which created uncertainty, and people were obviously cautious 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
with the election side of things. With the second cut and now election results being clearer, I 
think their intent to spend is becoming clearer. 
 
And also, given that the US budgeting cycles are typically, they get into budgeting cycle in 
October, November. So, new spending don't happen around this time, but they do prepare for 
spending next time. So the short answer is, we haven't seen increased spending happen already, 
but we are definitely seeing signs of increased spending intent for the future. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities, please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity and Congratulations on very good execution, especially on the 
margins, despite the macro challenges being there. So the first question Nitesh, is in terms of 
growth momentum, we have done extremely well the past few quarters. Do you believe fourth 
quarter can also be maintained in terms of growth momentum because of the furlough, I'm asking 
because it could have a seasonal impact? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Sandeep, thanks again for joining in. Yes, you are absolutely right. Q4 always has a seasonal 
impact because of furloughs, because of holidays and also a lower number of working days. So 
one, we believe that the growth momentum should continue. So, growth momentum in terms of 
volumes will definitely happen. That volume, translating into revenue, will be dampened by the 
lower number of working days and furloughs. So that will be reflected in the numbers 
accordingly. 
 
But that's a seasonal variation that all of you are very well kind of aware of, that we lose a certain 
amount of revenue conversion of the volume growth each year in this quarter. So, there is 
momentum. There is a fundamental volume growth that we will aim for, but it may not translate 
into exactly one-on-one basis from volume growth to revenue growth. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. So you are still eyeing a positive growth in the revenue in dollar terms in fourth quarter? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
I won't be able to give you a forecast, but volume growth momentum is definitely there. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yes. Why I'm asking Nitesh, is this year's exit rate would be better if you annualize the fourth 
quarter run rate and divide by the CY '24 dollar number. We are may be entering CY '25 with a 
better confidence, and that should lead to a possibility of a higher double-digit kind of growth. 
Is it the right way of looking at it, looking at your pipeline, average deal size, win ratio? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Sandeep, I couldn't have said it better without commenting on exact numbers, I think the 
sentiment is absolutely right. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay and any update in terms of Blackstone channel, how many customers you have closed with 
the signing and how many are in the pipeline? And can it be a big growth driver in CY '25? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, Blackstone channel has been fairly effective and important channel for us. We have already 
got close to15 customers from the Blackstone portfolio companies. It is beginning to contribute 
a reasonable percentage of revenue for us. Just like all the other market activities, prospecting 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
and reaching out to clients, we are constantly working with Blackstone portfolio companies as 
prospects.  
We currently have another close to a dozen prospects that we're working within the Blackstone 
portfolio. And just like market sentiment improves and people start spending, these companies 
would also, and I'm looking forward to some of them making those decisions, and hence, 
contributing to the growth in a similar manner. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay and Nitesh, is it possible to give some colour in terms of average deal sizes in the pipeline 
now versus one year back, in terms of win ratio now versus one year back, and the pipeline 
growth if you can quantify versus one year back. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Sandeep, not in exact terms, but I'll give you the sentiment. Number one, from a win ratio 
perspective, our win ratio for anyone, actually, across the industry, you would see, it would have 
gone down because there are a lot more deals which are undecided, where customers have 
delayed decisions. So, win ratios get impacted by that, but our average deal size has certainly 
gone up. 
 
And from a colour perspective, I would say that we've moved up a significant double-digit 
percentage sizes. I mean, I don't know how else to provide a colour without giving an exact 
number, right? But Sandeep, the other thing is, it's not done yet, right? I mean these are the 
beginnings of the outcomes of a conscious effort, right? And these things don't change overnight. 
 
So, these are leading indicators that we're doing the right things. We're chasing better-quality 
deals. We are going after higher-value deals, and we are beginning to win them. But these will 
become mentionable or a large-enough number only a few quarters down the line, right?  
So definitely, pipeline is bigger, made up of bigger deals. We are also winning them. And more 
number of decisions come in, then this will become a bigger factor kind of a number. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. Just last couple of questions. In terms of any large client-specific issues, which we are 
worried about entering CY '25. Second, now the margin, including ESOP charges, is higher than 
our margins when we did not have the RSU. So, that's a great execution on margin. So, do you 
believe the current margin run rate can be maintainable going forward? Q-on-Q variation is 
okay, but Y-o-Y, can it be maintained? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So is there a singular client-centric issue that we are worried about? The answer is no. Our top 
clients are largely sustained and, in fact, some of whom we've seen either stagnate or not grow 
year-on-year. We do believe that growth with the spending will come back even in those clients. 
So clearly, no single client-centric issue that would worry us. 
 
We do have, and we have said that in the past quarters also, that there is a certain amount of 
churn in the business, which comes because of the nature of our business. Because we are on 
discretionary spend, we are doing project work, building products for people, so there is a certain 
amount of churn that continues. But it's not like we are expecting any large client to suddenly 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
drop off. From a margin perspective, thanks for the compliment. Yes, we are very conscious of 
it, and we do believe that we will maintain a sustainable margin trajectory. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mihir from Carnelian Asset Advisors. 
Mihir: 
Thanks for giving the opportunity, Congratulations on the underlying operational improvement. 
I mean that is clearly getting reflected on the margin side. My question, sir, was more on the 
comments that you made on the good signs of activity picking up for you, and where intend to 
spend going up. So, is this getting reflected across sectors? Or how is the situation on the telco 
side? If you can provide some colour around that because we are more exposed to telcos and 
ISVs. So I mean, just particular commentary of intent to spend going up, how is that panning 
out from a telco portfolio in that level? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Thanks, Mihir, and thanks for the compliment. We are seeing the activity pick up across sectors. 
Tech was the biggest impact or highest impacted, and where we are seeing some of the tech 
spend come back, telcos following behind. So, the signs of while the discussions have started, 
some of the deal activity signs will probably start off and start showing up. But from a sentiment 
perspective, we are also seeing some of the telco, ISVs and OEMs begin to relook. And perhaps 
largely also because some of the larger OEM customers etc, did a massive cost-cutting and 
rationalization in the earlier part of this year. So perhaps they are kind of done with it and start 
off now. 
 
So I think that sentiment is reflected across sectors. During the last few quarters also, for us, 
health care, which is the third large sector that we have exposure to, has continued to do well, 
and we expect that to continue. We are also seeing revival in financial services and overall 
services, which is hospitality, education and travel & transportation. So, it is currently at least 
reflective across all. 
Mihir: 
So basically, you mentioned, on the deal flow side, the deal flow has gone up. If we can quantify 
over here, what is the improvement which has happened, that will be helpful? And second 
question was just on the headcount side. So where do we report our SG&A headcount? Does it 
sit in the support part of the piece or does it sit in the technical piece? How do we see the SG&A 
headcount building up for us, let's say, over the last six months, last 12 months? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Nand Ji, I really could not hear the question. Did you get that? Would you be able to answer? 
Nand Sardana: 
So he's asking how is the deal flow going on? And second question is on the support, where we 
do report marketing and sales people, that I'll answer, right? Deal flow, you can answer. How is 
the deal flow in the last 1 quarter? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Well, deal flow in last 1 quarter has been well, it's positive from a perspective that, yes, our total 
net new wins as well as revenue from net new has gone up quarter-on-quarter, which is also 
reflected partly in the growth that has been reported. And like I said, when I'm talking about all 
the activity, it is really about how the deals have come in, and we continue to respond and win 
some. So, deal flow has gone up quarter-on-quarter, and we continue to look at it that way. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Mihir: 
Sure. Just on the SG&A side. 
Nand Sardana: 
So, let me answer this. On the SG&A side, in the press release at the head count, we reported at 
the bottom of the head count- support staff, which is 527 as on the end of September quarter. It 
includes sales and marketing resources as well. 
Mihir: 
Okay. And how much would be that? 
Nand Sardana: 
Okay. Our hardcore sales team excluding the ISR would be close to around 60 resources, Nitesh 
Ji, excluding the ISRs? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Yes. 
Mihir: 
Sorry, how much? 
Nand Sardana: 
60 is the hardcore sales guys who are at on-site location and additional 55 to 60 ISR support 
them in the sales lead generation, and they support from NOIDA during the night shift. 
Mihir: 
Understood Sir and what was this number on last quarter Y-o-Y basis? 
Nand Sardana: 
The sales resources number would be almost same or maybe 2%, 3% increase. ISR number 
would have reduced maybe by around 8 or 10 resources in the last 2 quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Omkar Sawant from Marcellus Investment Managers. 
Omkar Sawant: 
Hi Nitesh, 2 questions from my side. Firstly, on the delivery side, you have hired a global 
delivery head, right? So, your presence has been more offshore-centric, right? Does that change 
over the next couple of years? Do you plan to go more on-site-centric? Does that mix change? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So Omkar, yes, we've hired a Senior VP of Delivery for global delivery and the approach is still 
completely like it has been, offshore-centric. The person joined at the NOIDA, leading our 
delivery for a certain number of verticals and horizontals. When we talk about global delivery 
and working like a global delivery organization, this has been a conscious effort for the last 3 
quarters, where we operate as a single company and try to break the silos so that we are joined 
up, and we are able to deliver to our customers from any of our delivery locations. 
 
So, now we have examples of customers which is in contrast to the past, where we have 
customers which are American customers being getting deliveries with a combination of 
resources in India and Eastern Europe, or a European customer who has been delivered from 
resources in combination of India and Asia Pacific or any that kind of combination. And that's 
why, having more robust delivery mechanisms, better methodologies and tools, bringing 
everyone together as one team is really the global delivery that we have been building and 
leveraging. 
Omkar Sawant: 
Okay and secondly, on the sales organization. So, even apart from the senior leadership, we have 
had a lot of senior level hires, right, from Tier 1 organizations. So, how does the sales for 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
organization overall change now? Does -- the focus areas for you change? Or the partnership-
led deals that you're chasing, does that change? Some colour on that would be helpful. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So really, from a sales leadership perspective, we've really brought in only 2 senior-level hires. 
The Chief Customer Officer had come onboard in Q1 with a clear focus that we have to focus 
on farming, on improving our partnership channel-led kind of a sales motion, and obviously, 
improve lead generation and deal pipeline through the channel partnerships. So, that was one 
change. It was a clear white space that we recognized as part of our strategy exercise we did 
towards the end of last year, and we got in and filled in that gap. 
 
The second hire is our CTO that we have brought in recently because as we develop deeper 
relationships and do more deeper technical work, typically, the buying patterns in the market are 
the technologists buy from technologists. And technically minded people or CTO kind of people 
are effective consultants and salespeople. So, it is in line with our strategy, which has not 
changed, that we are going to build deeper relationships, that we are going to be partnering with 
our clients in their entire product and platform development and kind of improvement or 
expansion journey. 
 
So, those are the only senior-level hires we've brought in on the sales side. Largely, strategy 
remaining the same that we will deepen our relationship with those partners. So, we're continuing 
to do that. That we will increase our deal flows through channels, we're continuing to do that. 
We are seeing more impactful deals. And for that, we need those kind of conversations to 
happen, and hence, these people are there. 
 
So those things are remaining, internal minor changes or alignments of people's focus areas by 
verticals or some more people focusing on key accounts. And there's been more support in the 
market in the form of specialist salespeople who can sell cloud services or who can sell data 
services or who can sell AI services. Those are constantly ongoing. But it's not a shift in strategy, 
it's just deepening of the strategy, putting it into execution and enabling it through the right 
people and the right mix in the market. 
Omkar Sawant: 
Okay and apart from Service, are there any other partnerships that you are exploring? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Well, from a large notable tech enablers' perspective, we're not exploring because we do have a 
lot of those partnerships. But definitely, Snowflake and Databricks are partners that we are going 
to go deeper with because as we increase our stance on data and AI, those are important players 
in the market. We already work with them. We need to raise our joint partnership motions with 
them. 
 
Recently, we got upgraded in our partnership with Salesforce. We've now become a Crest 
partner, which is again, a result of the conscious efforts that we've been making. We have been 
upgraded in our partnership with Microsoft in the Asia Pacific region, and we will continue to 
work through those. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
 
The only additional angle is that we've seen how, as people continue to deploy more AI into 
business use cases, there are a lot of new things that are happening and coming along with that, 
which is actually in today's time, not possible for any single organization to keep pace with and 
develop capabilities across everything. 
So actively working with the start-up ecosystem and leveraging partnerships with our start-up 
partners has also become a fairly important thing, and we continue to get better at leveraging 
them and working jointly with them towards our customers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prolin Nandu from Edelweiss Group. 
Prolin Nandu: 
Nitesh, I just have 1 question, right? It's been a year since you have joined R Systems, right? 
And you have taken helm, and you know things internally now. So can you help us understand 
as to what is it that has surprised you in last 1 year in terms of capabilities of R Systems? And 
what is it, which are the aspects which are taking more time in terms of the change that you want 
to bring about, or the direction in which you want to take the company to? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Thanks for that question and we can go into a fairly elaborate discussion about it, but I'll try and 
answer in short. I think what has surprised me and quite positively is the number of hidden 
stories in the sense that I think we have been our worst enemies in terms of not telling the stories 
of the good work that we've done. Every time we have reached out deep within the organization 
to find have we done work in this area, and the answer we found surprisingly is yes. 
 
Just to give you an example, recently, we were trying to find if we have actually carried out 
doing simulation software for medical services and to my surprise, we have actually done that a 
few years ago for a client. So that has been a surprise. And I think that's also been the most 
difficult thing, how to get all of the hidden treasures of R Systems to life and put them out there. 
 
And well, the answer has also been in our hands. We are deploying generative AI within our 
own organization. Every time, we find new data sources, where this information may be hidden, 
we are consuming it through generative AI and making it available through a very easy 
conversational interface to our people internally so that this discovery does not remain difficult 
for people. So, those are all those kind of things that are happening. So, it's surprise, it's a 
frustration, but it's a great win as well. 
Moderator: 
The next follow-up question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Just last one question. Nitesh, you're also aspiring to get into product support and cost takeout 
deals from clients in N-1 product stages. Any early signs of success? Because this can lead to a 
higher annuity business, more predictable business for us. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Absolutely, Sandeep. Though not very big numbers, but we have seen a couple of deals in the 
last quarter in the product sustenance space. We are currently in active conversations with at 
least another few customers who are talking, basically, product sustenance, the whole product 
portfolio management type of approach that we had talked about at some point with you as well. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
 
So definitely, it's resonating in the market. It is a need of the market. It's just that, for anybody 
to hand over the product to us requires a lot of trust building, and we have been successful in 
doing that with few clients. And we are getting better at it, and it's also giving a story that is 
helping us now present them to others and win their trust as well. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And here, the average size of deal would be bigger, right, versus what we used to do earlier? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
The TCV will tend to be bigger because of some of these will essentially get into a multiyear 
nature. ACV will depend on whether it is one product or a portfolio of products. So currently, 
we've seen a few single product deals. Our aspiration is obviously to look at portfolio of products 
as a whole. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Nitesh 
for closing comments. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Thank you so much once again all of you for your continued confidence and questions. Like I've 
always said and felt your questions are both enlightening as well as they give me things to look 
at and do better with. So, looking forward to talking to all of you again for our next earnings call 
or some time in between. But thank you so much. We really appreciate your attendance. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of R Systems, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may 
now disconnect your lines. 
