 
 
November 26, 2024 
 
To 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To 
The Manager  
 
 
 
 
 
The Manager  
The Department of Corporate Services 
 
 
The Listing Department  
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers,   
 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001  
 
 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
Scrip Code: 539450 
 
 
 
     
Scrip Symbol: SHK 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
  
Sub: 
Transcript of Conference Call for Investor and Analysts 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
we are enclosing the transcript of Q2 & H1 FY 25 earnings conference call for investors and analysts 
organized by the Company on Monday, November 18, 2024 at 11:00 A.M. IST. The audio recording and 
transcript is also available on the website of the Company at www.keva.co.in 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
  
Yours faithfully, 
 
For S H Kelkar and Company Limited 
 
 
 
Rohit Saraogi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ROHIT 
SARAOGI
Digitally signed by 
ROHIT SARAOGI 
Date: 2024.11.26 
10:54:52 +05'30'

 Q2 & H1 FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
S H Kelkar and Company Limited  
Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 18, 2024 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference 
Call of S H Kelkar and Company Limited.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing * then 0 on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Anoop Poojari 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us on S H Kelkar and 
Company Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY2025 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us Mr. Kedar Vaze – Whole-Time Director & Group CEO and Mr. Rohit 
Saraogi – EVP & Group CFO of the company. 
We will begin the call with Opening Remarks from the Management following which 
we will have the forum open for a question-and-answer session. 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included 
in the Earnings Presentation shared with you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Kedar to make his opening remarks. 
Kedar Vaze 
Good morning. Thank you everyone and thank you for joining our Earnings Call. I 
trust you have had a chance to review the results document we shared earlier. 
We have reported a strong top-line performance during the period under review, 
despite a subdued demand scenario in the domestic FMCG industry. This was driven 
by steady momentum in our small and mid-sized customers and the execution of 
our prestigious global MNC orders. Additionally, we successfully cleared the backlog 

 Q2 & H1 FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 2 of 15 
from the fire incident, contributing to the first half revenues reaching more than  
Rs. 1,000 crore, Rs. 1,013 crore to be exact. 
On the margins front, the company delivered a resilient performance in H1 FY25 
despite the impact of the fire incident on operations. Margins improved compared 
to H1 FY24 even as they shifted QoQ due to changes in product mix. The 
investments in Europe and America have also contributed to the cost. The revenues 
for the same will come in the future quarter. As we move into the second half, we 
are confident of sustaining the H1 levels. We remain cautious due to availability 
challenges in certain key raw materials, which may necessitate price adjustments 
in the coming quarters. 
Moving to our European segment, our core European segment delivered impressive 
performance this quarter with revenues growing by 11.5% on a like-for-like basis. 
Solid profitability was supported by a good product mix, highlighting the strength 
of our product categories and the opportunity presented by the region's favourable 
dynamics. To sustain and further enhance our growth prospects in this high 
potential market, we have continued to make strategic investments. 
We have launched our Creative Development Centre in Germany in June this year 
and subsequently expanded with an additional center in Manchester, UK, expected 
to start early next year. These centres are expected to serve as hubs for innovation 
and act as growth pillars for the coming decades, especially in the European and 
American markets. This enhanced talent base strengthens our ability to cater to key 
markets, key customers positioning us to capitalize on sustainable growth 
opportunities. 
In the Flavour segment, we sustained a healthy performance for quarter 1. The 
division also demonstrated strong profitability, driven by improved market 
conditions and enhanced operational efficiency.  
Our Global Ingredient segment continued its turnaround in quarter 2 by further 
improving profitability. This progress is a result of structural initiatives implemented 
in the past, combined with ongoing focus on optimizing operations and enhancing 
efficiency. Looking ahead, the global environment appears favourable, providing 
opportunities to build on this momentum and drive further growth in this segment.  
On our global MNC account, we are pleased to report that execution of orders is 
secured for FY25 and is well underway. This continues to gain momentum. These 
orders spanning multiple products across several categories are driving significant 
growth in this account. Our teams including R&D, perfumers, marketing are actively 
collaborating on new business, further strengthening our confidence in the 
potential to expand this partnership in the coming years. This has positioned us to 

 Q2 & H1 FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 3 of 15 
expand our presence in markets including India and international markets and drive 
sustainable growth. 
To conclude, while domestic demand for large customers remains soft, we are 
encouraged by strong momentum across our small, mid-sized customers and new 
accounts. Having delivered a healthy performance in H1, we anticipate an even 
better H2 supported by strategic initiatives and favourable market outlook for our 
products. 
On that note, I would request the moderator to open the forum for any questions 
or suggestions you may have. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. 
We will take the first question from the line of Bharat from Fair Value Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Bharat 
A couple of questions, sir. First, can you just talk a bit about the volume growth and 
the price led growth which we have seen overall in the Fragrance space and what 
was the contribution coming out from the mid and small-scale space in the 
domestic space? 
Kedar Vaze 
I think two questions, one is the volume and price. So, mostly we had sort of 1% 
price growth, remaining was volume growth across entire thing. Second part of the 
question was? 
Bharat 
Sir, the contribution which is coming from the mid in small scale customers in the 
domestic space. 
Kedar Vaze 
When we talk about the business, there has been a big contribution from the global 
account. The remaining mid and small have contributed roughly 40% of the growth. 
40% of the growth has come from the large account, which is a global account and 
20% has come from the mid-size and large corporate accounts. 
Bharat 
And sir, in the domestic space, has the growth been in double digits across all the 
tier categories of our end customers or there has been some contraction with 
respect to the Tier-1 clients? 
Kedar Vaze 
No, so the Tier-1 clients have shown slow growth. The global accounts have grown 
fast on a small base, and we have seen good traction in mid and small clients. 
Bharat 
My second question pertains to the RM side. Can you just talk a bit with respect to 
the price change of our key raw materials and is there any signs of an increase. And 
the availability issues which you talked in our opening remarks? So, can you just 
brief us about the outlook with respect to the gross margin side for the second half? 

 Q2 & H1 FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 4 of 15 
Kedar Vaze 
So, we are cautious, I would say that our gross margin expectation is still around 
the 40%-45% that we have reported for the first half. However, there are some raw 
materials where acute shortages are expected in the 4th Quarter or 1st Quarter of 
next year. As of now, we are adequately covered with the stocks in hand, but given 
the strong growth momentum we are seeing, we may have certain raw material 
pricing or raw material availability issues in the last quarter. I think we are well 
covered in terms of inventories at the moment, but there is a sort of storm on the 
horizon and we are just highlighting that this may hit the industry at some point in 
the first half of next year. In addition, I would like to say that there is expectation 
of a lot of changes in the global economic order after the administration in the 
United States takes charge in January. So, we will wait and see the impact of that 
for us in terms of our business. 
Bharat 
Just understanding on one bit, if the taxation on China increases by the US 
government. So, in that scenario, will it be helpful for us because we are importing 
nearly 25% from the China market? 
Kedar Vaze 
Our dependence on China is much lower than that. We are roughly 10% of our 
value, which we are exclusively ordering from China. I think the India side, I am not 
too much worried on the gross margin. I am a bit concerned on the gross margin 
scenario in Europe. If the tariffs are extended to EU or there are different kinds of 
trade barriers, maybe the raw material prices will go up. Momentarily, we will wait 
and see how things play out. On the other side, there is opportunity for our 
Ingredients division to further boost our exports. given the nature of tariffs that are 
expected. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhaval Shah from Girik Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhaval Shah 
Sir, a couple of questions. So, firstly, the comment you made that H2 should be 
better than H1. So, does that give us around 12% to 15% topline growth on last 
year's H2? Is that what we should be expecting? 
Kedar Vaze 
I think last year sales was skewed when H2 was much stronger sales than the H1. 
So, given that base effect, I don't want to put out an exact number, but our second 
half will be better than the first half, we are already trending higher, and we will be 
upwards of the 12% CAGR growth that we have indicated as our midterm growth 
CAGR. Expect our sales to be better than 12% for the full year. Whether it is 15% in 
the second half, a little bit more or less, in the full-year basis we will be well in 
excess of our 12% target. And the second half will be better than the first half by at 
least, I mean, the initial signs are that its much stronger momentum going into this 
quarter. 

 Q2 & H1 FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 5 of 15 
Dhaval Shah 
And on the, in terms of EBITDA margin, now I am talking about the adjusted EBITDA 
for the Rs. 10 crore impact of fire. So, our adjusted EBITDA for H1 stands at around 
16.8%. So, what sort of number should we be building for H2? 
Kedar Vaze 
So, I think H2 will be similar in terms of percentage. I just want to note or put on 
record that we have now the full cost of Germany and America Creative Centres 
which has come on board. This is an additional Rs. 10 crore cost in this period. So, 
we are looking at the result at the moment at 16.8% with this Rs. 10 crore additional 
cost in the first half. Similarly, we will have another Rs. 10 crore or Rs. 12 crore of 
cost in the second half. And these initiatives, the revenues will start to come in next 
year. So, there is a time gap between the investments in R&D and the revenue flow 
that comes in. I would say that this is putting us in a very good position to take 
growth across the world, USA, Europe and all the Asian markets. In the scenario 
where there is a possible slowdown in the domestic FMCG that we are observing, 
our continued growth will be propelled in new geographies and new customers 
through these investments. 
Dhaval Shah 
Sir, this Rs. 20 crore investment in our new centres, could you break that up? So, 
what is the repetition? How repetitive would it be for the next year or it's like a first-
year operations, all this establishment expenses or some employee costs will also 
be added. 
Kedar Vaze 
Those are all employee and OPEX costs. So, there is a recurring Rs. 20 crore order 
per annum. 
Dhaval Shah 
So, the Rs. 20 crore is sitting in employee cost plus expenses, both, right? 
Kedar Vaze 
Yes. 
Dhaval Shah 
And sir, about this inflationary trend which you are witnessing on the some of the 
raw materials. So, you mentioned right now this increase in inventory what we are 
seeing on the balance sheet. So, that's, so you are doing a buildup of inventory for 
how many months considering the price increase which you are expecting? 
Kedar Vaze 
So, there are two parts of the inventory buildup. One is because of our new 
operational reality; we are working in four different sites. So, there is more 
inventory than previously when we were working in one site. In addition, we have 
high inventories, which we have acquired in the early part of the year and made 
contracts. We expect that the inventory level at this point is at the highest. And we 
will slowly be bringing it down towards the end of the year. 
Dhaval Shah 
But you are expecting the prices to be higher in Q4 and Q1? And you also mentioned 
in your comment that as of now you have stocked up inventory. 

 Q2 & H1 FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Kedar Vaze 
Yes, so this is not a comment on all raw materials there are few natural oils which 
are currently in difficult scenario due to bad weather conditions or crop failures in 
different parts of the world. So, specifically products like orange oil, patchouli oil, 
vetiver oil these are the key components, which is roughly I would say 15% of our 
purchase basket. These are under threat in terms of availability and pricing as of 
today. 
Dhaval Shah 
So, would you also be pitching it to the customer because since there is inflation 
what we are watching, then you would be adjusting this inflation in your selling 
price? 
Kedar Vaze 
We will start the dialogue with our customers. We are hopeful that by February or 
March some of these prices may come down. Depending on how is the trend we 
will negotiate and discuss it with our customers and have the pass on to the 
customer. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhav Marda from FIL. Please go 
ahead. 
Madhav Marda 
The first question I had was in the initial commentary you said that in the EU market 
we are seeing some favourable regional dynamics for which you are making this 
OPEX investment. Could you help us understand a bit more in terms of colour? 
What is happening on the ground there? Is it sort of some suppliers going out of the 
market or I mean what are these favourable dynamics which are helping us? 
Kedar Vaze 
Strangely not having a very strong economic growth is favourable for us because 
we are not the incumbent, we are the challengers. So, when the markets are looking 
for a value proposition or more private labels or different offerings it helps us to 
continue our growth. 
Madhav Marda 
There is a trade down which is happening there. 
Kedar Vaze 
There is a trade down. There is also an effect of consolidation. So, the market is 
over consolidated. There are not many mid-sized players that has helped us to 
occupy this space, which was sort of earlier companies were there, but they have 
been now acquired by the bigger companies. So, there is a vacuum created in the 
mid-sized companies in Europe. 
Madhav Marda 
And then when you said that H2 will be better than H1, is that a seasonal thing or 
is that a momentum or portfolio from some of the reasons which you flagged in the 
earlier commentary? How should we look at that? 
Kedar Vaze 
H2 normally is stronger than H1. This is a normal seasonality or trend, every quarter 
three, quarter four is always higher than the first two quarters of the year. We don't 

 Q2 & H1 FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 7 of 15 
see it any different this year. I think, while the market as a whole in some parts in 
India and others is growing in the smaller percentage growth, I think some of the 
supply scenario despite the incident we had, we have been able to maintain good 
supply and this has enabled us to continue to grow and actually gain some market 
share in some of the other small and mid-sized segments. 
Madhav Marda 
Just the other question was on the margin side. I think we are at 16.8% in the first 
half, despite us having spent this extra Rs. 10 crore on creative centres. So, clearly, 
we could have maybe had high-teen margins, that we're trying to invest in for future 
growth. But at the same time, I think we do have this view that in a few years, we 
can reach the 20% EBITDA margin range. So, is that something which can still 
happen in a 2–3-year view as maybe some of these costs which are spending right 
now, the revenues are coming in so we can move closer to those margins? Is that 
something which is still on the horizon? 
Kedar Vaze 
Yes, I think what we are looking at is a sustainable or the baseline EBITDA and then 
what are we investing for growth. So, for European market, for example, with 
Germany and Manchester expected to come in early next year, we would have done 
a full investment on the development, so we will not have any development centre 
increase or growth in the future. So, we are now sort of fully invested in the 
Creation Development Centres in Europe after this set of investments. We are 
starting American journey with the small investment. We will have to ramp up there 
as business grows, we will ramp up some investments in the US. But European 
business, which is roughly 45 million, 50 million this year, with the Germany 
development center, we would be kind of at a full strength. So, there will be no step 
up and step jump investments. Then we are looking at investment as we grow few 
people more, more account managers, things like this. Maybe some investments in 
the production facilities as we are reaching the limit of our current facilities. But 
there, right now we have taken big jumps in the investment quantum. So, roughly 
Rs. 25 crore to Rs. 30 crore annualized basis, extra investment we have made this 
year. So, that kind of big jumps will not be there in the near future. 
Madhav Marda 
Because that's a fairly large number, right? Because let's say our first half we did 
about Rs. 1,010 crore and we've invested about Rs. 10-15 crore extra, which means 
almost 100-150 basis points of margin. It's a front-ending some OPEX, right? Is that 
the way we should look at it? Otherwise, margins are closer to 18% already for us. 
Kedar Vaze 
That's correct. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella 
First one is just on the revenue growth side, I missed a little part of the call, but I 
heard you say that second half, we should be at least (+15%) in terms of revenue 

 Q2 & H1 FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 8 of 15 
growth. Just wanted to confirm that, that is indeed the expectation. And then for 
next year, as these new Creative Development Centres in Germany and UK etc. start 
to pay off, how much of an incremental contribution can we expect from them? 
And will that be over and above the 12% growth we normally talk about? 
Kedar Vaze 
Yes, so the Development Centres in Germany and Manchester will not really create 
much direct revenue in this year. They have started now. We are already seeing 
benefits of having the cent in terms of quick turnaround on certain projects which 
we are already making and so on and so forth. So, there is benefit but if you say 
specific large clients or new geography revenue it will take at least another 6 to 8 
months before any meaningful revenues will start to come in. On the Revenue 
guidance like we said, second half is expected to be better than the first half. I would 
expect to reach around 2,100 or something like this number, 14% odd for the full 
year. This is a subject that no major changes happen between now and the end of 
the year. 
Abhijit Akella 
Understood, thank you. And with regard to the CAPEX progress and the insurance 
receipts, the insurance claim, we've done Rs. 47 crore of CAPEX in the first half as 
per the cash flow statement. What's the full year number we should look at? Does 
that include the Vanavate growth as well as the Vashivali rebuild? And how do we 
see that sort of trending as we reach closer to yearend or maybe even next year? 
Kedar Vaze 
So, I think in the second half, we would have roughly around Rs. 50 crore and the 
first half next year, another Rs. 50 crore of CAPEX, out of which almost Rs. 100 odd 
crore would be the reinstatement of the Vashivali factory itself. So, I expect a new 
CAPEX of roughly Rs. 50 crore to Rs. 60 crore which will end up with two factories 
which we are building at this point. So, incremental CAPEX after insurance 
reimbursement would be roughly Rs. 60 crore. That's the expectation. We are also 
looking at the next two years of quite heavy investments in terms of manufacturing 
capacity in Europe, we are reaching 75%-80% plus utilization in our current plants. 
We expect at least 18 months to 20 months of time for building the new facilities. 
So, I am looking at something like a Rs. 50 crore additional outlay, the second half 
of next year which would be in terms of European factory building and capacity 
building. Given good strong double-digit growth, we may look at another factory in 
Europe to de-risk and have two factories with sufficient capacity. So, there is sort 
of a blueprint of around Rs. 45 crore to Rs. 50 crore investment in a factory. We are 
clearly looking at two in this year and next year, in addition to the Vashivali 
rebuilding. And we may look at one more factory in Europe in the year after. So, in 
between now and sort of three years, we are looking at 3 to 4 factories being built 
across this. In that two-year period, we will close our factory in Mulund. So, there 
will be an OPEX saving in terms of lease and the old factory which we are operating 
in Mulund will be closed down. 

 Q2 & H1 FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Abhijit Akella 
This will be about, for 4 factories will be about Rs. 200 crore of total spending, right? 
In addition to the normal annual CAPEX, we have Rs. 50 odd crore. 
Kedar Vaze 
The normal CAPEX is less than Rs. 10 crore-Rs. 12 crore-Rs.15 crore for what we call 
maintenance CAPEX. That will be lesser because we have now the new 
Development Centre investment already done. 
Abhijit Akella 
And just one last thing before I get back in the queue. On the global account that 
we have won, is that scaling up as per our original expectations? We had mentioned 
about $ (+10) million possibly for this year. So, if you could please just update us on 
that. And one other thing was just in the context of all these antitrust lawsuits and 
raids against global MNCs in Europe and the US against the likes of Givaudan and 
the others, is that sort of helping open up doors for the next year players like 
ourselves to win business in these geographies? 
Kedar Vaze 
On the global account, we are trending as expected. So, we are on track. To your 
question on antitrust investigation etc., yes, that does open up opportunities for 
mid-size and other players like us. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Spark PMS, 
Please go ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia 
Two questions from my end. You mentioned in the presentation and in your 
opening remarks there is a shift in product mix which has led to a fall in gross 
margin. So, can you explain this in more detail?  
Kedar Vaze 
Just to explain that more, I think the 1st Quarter of this year, due to the fire incident, 
we prioritized orders and execution towards the higher margin products and some 
of the lower margin or some of the backlog went into the 2nd Quarter. So, roughly 
Rs. 25 crore-Rs. 30 crore of business was carried over to the 2nd Quarter that was 
at a lower margin. Therefore, the composite margin of 2nd Quarter is muted. 
Typically, the H1 gross margin, is representative of the business as a whole. So, 
there is no backlog carried forward from the H1. 
Prakash Kapadia 
So, that Q2 some of the executions happened, that is why we are saying that, 
understood. And you also mentioned about the inventory built up in the PPT and in 
the opening remarks. So, how do we relate this built up at a time when domestic 
demand is soft. So, is there more visibility from the global MNC account or some 
new accounts, which has led to this built up. And, as of now, you also mentioned 
the plant rationalization earlier there were lesser plants. So, that includes global 
and domestic or is it just domestic the increase in plants? 
Kedar Vaze 
The plant includes all manufacturing for all customers. The inventory buildup has 
been quite high. At this moment, the raw material prices have remained soft. So, 

 Q2 & H1 FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 10 of 15 
we have been able to build up inventory at good pricing. We expect to start to 
control this inventory as we speak. As you can understand, the major efforts in the 
first half of the year were to stabilize production and ensure availability to all the 
customers as a result of the operational disruption. We are in a new normal where 
the factories are producing and there is a warehouse. So, all the alternative facilities 
are up and running and they are fully producing in time to all the customer demand. 
Now in the new normal, we will start to focus on the inventory and to reduce the 
overall inventory to normal levels. 
Prakash Kapadia 
So, as on year end, we should estimate a lower inventory and maybe a lower debt. 
Is that right understanding? 
Kedar Vaze 
On the debt piece, I think we expect some amount of money to come in from the 
insurance between now and end of the year, probably December-January we 
expect Insurance payout to start to flow in. So, yes, we will have lower debt in the 
end of the year. Also operationally we are reducing the debt as we generate free 
cash flow month on month plus we have the expectation of the insurance payout 
before the end of the year. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jatin Damania from Swan 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Jatin Damania 
Basically I just wanted to confirm whether our growth guidance for FY26 and 27 
remains intact in terms of topline and margins. 
Kedar Vaze 
Yes. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishabh Shah from BugleRock PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Rishabh Shah 
How is our team divided between Perfumers and Flavourists? How many of these 
Perfumers and Flavourists you have because they are the most important people 
we have in our business and how many have you added these Perfumers and 
Flavourists in the past five years? 
Kedar Vaze 
So, we are one of the few companies that trains the Perfumer and Flavourist in 
house. We take roughly 3 to 4 people as trainees every year and we continue to 
train them, kind of build-in-house Perfumers. We have more than 20 Perfumers and 
adequate Flavourists for the business. In terms of Fragrance and Flavours, we are 
sort of 75% Fragrance and 10% flavour. So, in that ratio adequate Perfumers and 
Flavourists are with us. 
Rishabh Shah 
And sir how are these ratios compared to the Givaudans and IFFs of the world? 

 Q2 & H1 FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Kedar Vaze 
They are very similar. So, the Givaudan, IFFs of the world would have 120-130 
Perfumers worldwide, we have around 20. So, it’s comparable. 
Rishabh Shah 
Sir, you said that we are adding, and we are training these Perfumers. So, from 
where do you pick up these Perfumers and Flavourists, sir? 
Kedar Vaze 
We hire people in our company from various institutions, chemists or science 
graduates and we have also in our VG Vaze College a course called Postgraduate 
Diploma in Perfumery and Cosmetic Management. This course also has around 24 
students every year. So, this is input for us and we take 7-8 trainees from this every 
year. 
Rishabh Shah 
My next question is, so the key moat of our industry is the stickiness of the 
customer. So, has there been any instances in the past that the FMCG player has 
changed their supplier? If yes, then what could be the reason? 
Kedar Vaze 
So, the change of supplier is quite low in our industry. It does happen, but it's quite 
low. I cannot give you any specific instances on the top of my mind, but the 
instances are quite low. 
Rishabh Shah 
Sir, has SH Kelkar been changed to like if there was supplier A to some big customer 
and has SH Kelkar taken the place of that supplier? Has that been in the past? Has 
it happened? 
Kedar Vaze 
It does happen but it's not our main growth strategy is not replacing somebody else. 
Our growth strategy is to take business from new products and new geographies. 
When we are particularly in the new markets, we are replacing, or we are taking 
part of the market share from some of the existing companies. It does happen but 
it's quite low. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Vignesh Iyer from 
Sequent Investments. Please go ahead. 
Vignesh Iyer 
The first question is more on to the utilizations part of it. Can I understand what is 
our utilization percentage in H1 as of now and this Rs. 200 crore total CAPEX that 
we are going to spend over this year and next year, what will be the percentage 
addition that would come to our total capacity post that and if you could also help 
me understand the timeline for the same? 
Kedar Vaze 
So, right now, we are at more than 85% utilization of our facilities. With the 
rebuilding of the Vashivali and Vanavate factory, we will add almost 2x additional 
capacity. So, that is on the domestic. And we are proposing to add one more factory 
which would give us roughly 50% additional capacity in the European context. 
Vignesh Iyer 
So, if I got it right, you will add 150% more to what it is right now, right? 

 Q2 & H1 FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Kedar Vaze 
So in India we will add 200% to what it is right now. In Europe we will add 50%. 
Vignesh Iyer 
And what is the timeline for this, for the factories you start? 
Kedar Vaze 
For the next two years. 
Vignesh Iyer 
And one more question, I see your European part of the performance where we 
have seen an increase in gross margins but there seem to be some impact on the 
EBITDA margin part of it. Can I understand why the EBITDA margin on YoY basis is 
lower despite increasing gross margins? 
Kedar Vaze 
So, basically there is no specific change. The EBITDA percentage is 20.5 vis-à-vis 21 
last year. So, it's very marginal on the overall growth of 11.5%. So, there is no 
change in the business or like-for-like profitability of the company in European 
operations. 
Vignesh Iyer 
Yes, but your margin, your gross margins have gone from 54% to 57.5%. So, that is 
a 350-bps improvement. But our EBITDA has gone down by like 70 bps. So, net-net 
420 bps down in EBITDA.Is that understanding right? So, is there any one-time 
expense involved in that? 
Kedar Vaze 
This is purely a product mix issue. When you look at the gross margin, you look at 
the product level. But when we have smaller batches, then our net margin is the 
same. So, this just shows you that the growth has come from smaller and newer 
clients. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Sheth 
You said that we have spent around Rs. 10 crore on opening of this new CDC center. 
Is that correct understanding? 
Kedar Vaze 
Yes, sir. 
Bharat Sheth 
So, in addition to that also we have incurred Rs. 10 crore all because of this fire 
incident. So, Rs. 20 crore additional, I mean one kind can we attribute to first half? 
Kedar Vaze 
That's correct. I think out of that, the loss of profit due to fire incident has been 
added back in the adjusted EBITDA. 
Bharat Sheth 
So, in second half this Rs. 10 crore which was on the fire incident will not be there. 
Is that a fair understanding? Only Rs. 10 crore will be reported. 
Kedar Vaze 
No, it will be there and it will be exactly as the same as the first half. 

 Q2 & H1 FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Bharat Sheth 
So, in first half we have reported 15.81% kind of EBITDA margin. So, second half will 
be in the same range? 
Kedar Vaze 
Yes, I expect it to be in the same range, slightly better. 
Bharat Sheth 
Coming to this new factory that we were planning, when we do expect to start, one, 
we were expecting somewhere in the month of March. So, when do we expect 
Vashivali, when we can really come up? 
Kedar Vaze 
So, the new factory in Vanavate is expected to come up in the 1st Quarter calendar 
next year, so 4th Quarter. Vashivali which is the rebuild of the factory will still take 
another 9 months to 10 months before it is rebuilt. 
Bharat Sheth 
And then Mulund will be set off post-Vashivali recommissioning, correct? 
Kedar Vaze 
That's correct. 
Bharat Sheth 
With this, I mean, as you were earlier alluding that overall inventory will also come 
down with this two new factory starting, I mean, we are working on which so far is 
so kind of efficiency. So, how much inventory, say, end of the FY26 really can come 
down? 
Kedar Vaze 
So, I think the absolute value of the inventory, I don't expect it to come down 
dramatically, but the sales will ramp up another 10%-12%-15%. So, there 
automatically the stock will come down. DSO will reduce to around 135 days. 
Bharat Sheth 
And secondly because of this, as we understand, the large global MNC account has 
also a lower gross margin. So, is it possible to understand what kind of impact that 
is there in this quarter particularly? 
Kedar Vaze 
So, there is no impact of that. The gross margin, what we have is composite average, 
including the global account. So, 45% is including the global account. 
Bharat Sheth 
And we expect to remain at 45% level in second half of the year. 
Kedar Vaze 
Yes. 
Bharat Sheth 
To understand, I mean, these large, small FMCG accounts, MSME accounts, where 
we are ramping up and Indian FMCG, we are seeing some softer growth. So, is there 
differential in the profitability between these two business? 
Kedar Vaze 
Not substantial, there will be 1-2% differential in the type of business, the small 
versus mid and large. Product-wise also there is differences, but in average there is 
not much difference. As you see the smaller accounts you will see a higher gross 
margin but there will be more overhead and operating costs. Larger accounts, the 

 Q2 & H1 FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 14 of 15 
gross margin is lower but the net operating cost to maintain and produce that 
product is also lower. 
Bharat Sheth 
And sir, if you can give some little more colour on insurance claim, the kind of a 
conversation we have with the insurer. So, how much do we expect to receive in 
this particular quarter and next quarter? 
Kedar Vaze 
So, we have filed the claim, it is in the process. Final claims we will get in with the 
insurer any time now. And we expect by December-January substantial payments 
to start to come in. The plant and machinery CAPEX reinstatement will only happen 
once we have rebuilt the plant. So, that is a reimbursement of the insurance 
amount. 
Bharat Sheth 
So, first time we are expecting around Rs. 100 crore kind of a payout from the 
insurance. Is that clear understanding? 
Kedar Vaze 
Yes, so the inventory amount should be paid-out first and the CAPEX amount as we 
incur the CAPEX the insurance will reimburse us at the reinstatement basis. 
Bharat Sheth 
And now, with this kind of an increase, Rs. 20 crore kind of additional expenses that 
we have which may not be there, but out of Rs. 20 crore revenue will start kicking 
in. So, what kind of a, I mean while looking to the next three-year target of 20% 
EBITDA margin, we can expect the improvement? 
Kedar Vaze 
So, we are at around 16% EBITDA margin with the full investment of new growth 
areas which are not contributing any revenue at the moment. So, this Rs. 20 crore 
is probably a full year basis, Rs. 30 crore of new investment will then start to 
generate additional revenues that will take 1 or 2-years’ time. So, effectively we are 
today at the 18.5% EBITDA minus the additional investment of 2% odd or which we 
are putting for new growth market. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parth Shah from Tara Capital 
Partners. Please go ahead. 
Parth Shah 
Firstly, I wanted to know the contribution of mid and small customers that you 
mentioned. I missed out on that. 
Kedar Vaze 
The growth rate has been higher on the smaller and global account. So, it is kind of 
40% of the growth has come with small and mid-sized accounts and 40% has come 
from global accounts. 
Parth Shah 
And secondly, you mentioned about the impact of administration change in the US 
and also some export opportunity. So, if you could just repeat that because I missed 
those. Sorry for the inconvenience. 

 Q2 & H1 FY25 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Kedar Vaze 
I have not said anything further. We just need to wait for the actual data and what 
the new administration does undertake, tariffs, how they are implemented, on 
what product, which country and so on and so forth. But I see there an opportunity 
for India as a whole to take some business away from the Chinese suppliers in this 
kind of overall global supply chain. So, that's an opportunity which we are weighing 
as an additional area for growth. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Kedar Vaze 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer your question satisfactorily. Should 
you need any further clarifications or would like to know more about the company, 
please feel free to contact our team or CDR India. Thank you once again for taking 
the time to join us on this call. 
Moderator 
Thank you members of the management. On behalf of S H Kelkar & Company 
Limited that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
-End- 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of 
accuracy.  
