Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
Date: - 03/12/2024 
To 
The Manager 
Listing & Compliance Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5Th Floor, Plot No C/1, 
G Block , Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra, 
Mumbai-400051 
    (Company ID: NITIRAJ                   ISIN: INE439T01012) 
 
SUB:- Investor Presentation. 
 
Dear Sir /madam. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings 
Call of the Company held on November 28, 2024 at 12:00 P.M. (IST) to discuss the Financial 
Results for Q2FY25. The transcript is also available on the website of the Company at 
https://nitiraj.net/meetings-with-investors-analyst/ 
 
 
This is for information of the Exchanges and the Members.  
 
 Thanking You, 
FOR NITIRAJ ENGINEERS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
DEEPIKA DALMIYA 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M.NO: A58029 
 
Enclose: As Above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deepika 
Amit 
Dalmiya
Digitally signed by 
Deepika Amit 
Dalmiya 
Date: 2024.12.03 
16:59:37 +05'30'

 
 
Nitiraj Engineers Limited 
 
 
November 28, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Nitiraj Engineers Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 28, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  MR. RAJESH BHATWAL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – NITIRAJ 
ENGINEERS LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
 
Nitiraj Engineers Limited 
 
 
November 28, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Nitiraj Engineers Limited Q2 and H1 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing the star 
then 0 on a touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Rajesh Bhatwal, Managing Director of Nitiraj Engineers Limited. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Thank you. Good morning to all. This is Rajesh Bhatwal from Nitiraj Engineers Limited and we 
are having this conference call for discussing the results of H1 and Q2. The major highlights 
what I would probably like to put up is we have done a lot of work on development in this H1, 
the half yearly period. We have designed and launched roughly about 12 new models which will 
definitely attract a lot of new applications in coming times.  
Also, we have expanded our factory and increased the carpet area by about 45,000 square feet 
because we are running short of space looking at the business, upcoming growing business. And 
what I personally feel that things are okay other than Q1 which was little low this time for a lot 
of reasoning and we have already explained that after the Q1 itself. So Q2 is recovering very 
well and we have got very good hopes for Q3 and Q4.  
I would request the coordinator to go ahead with the QA session now. And once again, I welcome 
all the investors and stakeholders to this meeting. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Agastya from CAO Capital. 
Agastya: 
Good morning, sir. Thank you very much for holding the conference call, sir. It's much 
appreciated. Sir, I have three questions. The first one is there is clearly quarter and quarter 
improvement that is very, very visible in Q2. And you mentioned that Q3 and Q4 will be 
stronger. Can you quantify what you are seeing in Q3 as of now across various product lines and 
geographies? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Yes, see, Mr. Agastya, I'm not allowed to give you the figures for Q3 and Q4. 
Agastya: 
I'm not asking for figures. So let me let me put it more clearly. So if I look at last two quarters, 
we have seen Y-o-Y declines. So do you think the recovery is strong enough that we will start 
growing on a Y-o-Y basis? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
We will be better at the end of Q3, sir. 
Agastya: 
And sir you had initially mentioned that you are targeting 25% CAGR going forward. So again, 
this year, extraordinary circumstances in Q1, which led to substantial drop in revenues. But for 
the entire year, do you see yourself growing over last year's INR100 crores revenue? 

 
 
Nitiraj Engineers Limited 
 
 
November 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
See, actually, whatever we have given that is in next three to four years, 20% to 25% CAGR. 
So, Mr. Agastya, we are very confident the way we are progressing and doing things. The things 
will not be appearing immediately in every quarter. You may not see the results. 
 
But if we talk about a period, we are very sure we are going to achieve the expected growth in 
the organization as long as top line and of course, when the bottom line is concerned. When it 
comes to Q1, we are trying to recover out of that. And by the end of Q3, we will be fully 
recovered. 
Agastya: 
Excellent, sir. Sir, can you give some commentary on the German market, how that is panning 
out now? Is it recovering, sir? Because there is a lot of slowdown in the Western market, 
especially in Europe. And especially in Germany, especially the industrial base of Germany. So, 
any commentary from your, from your point of view, what you are seeing in the German markets 
now? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Yes, see, we are in the process of having collaboration with one of the leaders in Europe. They 
are from Germany for manufacturing electronic weighing scales. The project is going on for 
about six to eight months now. And we have developed some two different models for them as 
per their requirement and their designs. Okay. 
 
Now, in fact, the communication is on. They are satisfied with our last supply, which we have 
sent them about 25 platform scales as on sample basis, as per their designs. And the work is on. 
We are expecting initially maybe an order of not very big, but 300 into maybe 100, about 
USD30,000-USD40,000 to begin with. So I think probably it should be done within a couple of 
months. 
 
I mean, these are all estimated figures. But then we will be very happy to manufacture electronic 
weighing scales in India and then export them to German. This will be a contract manufacturing 
kind of an understanding. We will not have our brand put up, but we will be putting up the 
principles brand itself. And it will be sent. 
Agastya: 
Sir, how big is the opportunity over the next five years? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Sir, it is very, very difficult to predict today. But one thing is sure that, I mean, what we also 
understood that they are I mean, quality conscious people. We are also trying to upgrade up to 
their expectations and the standards. So let us say, and it is not only that one particular 
manufacturer or the company in Germany, we are expecting once this link gets established very 
well, there will be some other people also would be trying to approach us.  
Because now India is the next destination for most of the European countries. And they are 
trying to somehow come out of China, because this company was also getting their contract 
manufacturing made in China earlier. But now they are trying to focus in India. So opportunities, 
it is very difficult for me to say. As a vision also, if I just give you some figures that would not 
really carry very big kind of impact. Let us hope that we will do good. That is all I can tell you. 

 
 
Nitiraj Engineers Limited 
 
 
November 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Agastya: 
Understood. Sir, before I go back in the queue, one final question for this one from my side. Sir, 
updates on the drone business. There were certain test flights which were supposed to be 
conducted. Is there any updates on that side? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
See, there was an inspection from DGCA Delhi. See, the drone business was supposed to be 
taking place into two different steps. The first one is we wanted to start a drone pilot training 
institution. So for that, there was a lot of documentation and preparation. We all did that. And 
then there was an inspection from DGCA. And the people came and inspected our site at Dhule. 
And then as an auditor, they took out some kind of a compliance lapses and all that.  
So, we fulfilled that also. They are accepted now. And the file has been submitted further to their 
higher-ups for approvals. So I am expecting that should come maybe within 8 to 10 days or even 
shorter time. And we will get the license finally for the drone pilot training institution. And we 
are already having a lot of excitement in this area. 
 
People from rural areas and other places also, they are inquiring a lot of things every day over 
here. Those who want to enroll themselves to become a pilot for flying drones. So that is almost 
on the verge of getting done now. Number two is drone manufacturing. So what we had 
mentioned last time that it should be done by mid-November. 
 
We will be applying with all the certifications. Because see, you require a lot of certificates of 
every different parts of drones from different laboratories. So only one certificate is yet pending 
to come. Rest all of them have come in positive way. Just one certificate is pending, that is EN 
test. Rest I think material reports, stress test, flame test for UIN plate report, battery life cycle 
test, everything is already been received. 
 
So hopefully by November end, we should be getting all the certification in our hand and we 
will be applying further, for the manufacturing of drone. Again, after applying, it is a process 
which is already been given in our, what do you say, on the board we have already given the 
various kind of duration required on 26th of October. We have given the clarification. So the 
first one is getting done on time. The second one could be delayed by about a week or two. 
Agastya: 
Great, sir. So if I were to look at the two timelines that you have given on the drone side, would 
it be prudent to consider at least some revenues flowing in from the drone segment in the next 
financial year? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Next financial year, surely. This financial year, the chances are bleak. How much probably we 
may add will get started somehow. But next financial year, definitely we will be expecting some 
kind of things to add in our turnover. Sure. 
 
Agastya: 
Great, sir. And sir, so if I go back to the base business, if I look at the last year full numbers, 
there were a couple of segments where there was degrowth. I am talking about last financial 
year. There was the jewellery segment and the currency segment. So have they improved this 
year? And going forward, what is your sense on these two segments in particular? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
See, when we talk about having sale little bit reduced, that percentage was very small. So this 
year, in fact, as I mentioned in my initial note itself that we have developed lot many new models. 

 
 
Nitiraj Engineers Limited 
 
 
November 28, 2024 
 
 
 
See, our strong point is basically a technical side. So for the jewellery, we are launching a new 
model by December end. That's in dyes and making right now. 
 
And for currency counting machine, we have already launched a model by in July end. So that 
is also picking up now. And marketing is basically, you know, 2% or 3% plus minus this keeps 
happening. I mean, we are definitely taking a lot of extra efforts in doing things. So I hope that 
by this year ending things, figures will be better in those segments also. 
Agastya: 
Excellent, sir. So like the German opportunity that you have discussed, are there any other such 
markets where you are looking at, where there are inquiries or where you are taking the initiative 
and trying to enter? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Yes, see, Germany is basically an opportunity for us to do contract manufacturing in their brand, 
which I explained, right. But then our export division is trying, because see, every year we are 
having some kind of exports in certain countries like Middle East, we are giving to Oman, UAE, 
and some of the SAARC countries, sometimes some African countries also.  
But now we are trying to do it more systematically. We have appointed an export manager who 
is based in Mumbai only, comes, keeps coming to Dhule as and when required. So we have got 
some inquiries on hand, on which he is working in different places. That we are planning to sell 
our own product, not a contract manufacturing. 
Agastya: 
Right. Sir, if I come to your cost structure and your P&L, so in terms of margins, other than 
operating leverage as the company grows and the scale increases, or like we have seen in Q1, 
when the revenues declined, the margins also like obviously took a hit. So if I remove that part 
completely, and if I look at just the variable costs, how do you see like over a period of time, 
what have you seen in terms of your raw material cost variabilities? 
 
What is the volatility that you see? What are the critical raw materials? Was there a particular 
year where you got surprised because of substantial increases or substantial falls in your key raw 
materials? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
See, only issue we faced a little bit during COVID era, two years, like most of the 
semiconductors, I mean, you must have heard the news that automobile industry also suffered 
badly because semiconductors were not available. So, that kind of a thing was faced by all the 
electronics industries throughout the globe, I would say. 
 
So we faced certain issues in getting the ICs on time. And the prices were also increased. But 
now everything has come back. I mean, the pricing structure has come back matching to the 
previous period than, I mean, before the COVID started. And the availability is also quite 
comfortable now. Let's hope that even Indian government and we all are trying to make ourselves 
more self-sufficient on semiconductors. 
 
A lot of things have been talked about and investors are coming from foreign countries. So 
hopefully in coming two, three years, India itself will start making the ICs and other things. So 
I think electronics should grow. We should have a good time in coming time, coming future. 

 
 
Nitiraj Engineers Limited 
 
 
November 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Right now, we don't have any problem on any of the raw material procurement or any kind of 
issue. It's very comfortable now. 
Agastya: 
Understood, sir. Sir, one final question from - actually two questions from my side and then I'm 
done for the day. So one is as we ramp up if I look at the - like the 5 year commentary that you 
have provided that we are targeting a 20%, 25% CAGR on the revenue side, how much 
manpower do you need to add sir or your permanent employee base how much will that increase 
by? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
See, what we are doing is we have got lot - lot many times we have institutional orders from 
government and other sectors. I mean at present we are already running an order worth about 
INR30 crores plus GST which has already been given on the board, the information about this 
order. So with this we have to anyhow finish it - finish off by December end so that we are free 
to take further bigger orders for the last quarter. 
 
I mean, that is how our plans are. So, whenever we get such kind of big orders, we have some 
contract labors appointed and we get that job done. For our commercial business which is stable 
and our regular business, we have got our permanent team, but then for this kind of additional 
orders, we have additional people appointed. 
Agastya: 
Sir, a similar question on the capex side again to the kind of opportunities that you have are to 
me, at least, they seem pretty big. So what kind of capex would you require every year? Is like 
a INR5 crores number every year ballpark that kind of capex? Is it a good assumption, sir? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
See, frankly speaking, Mr. Agastya, if our turnover was about INR100 crores last year, so we 
were running short of space. So, this year we did invest about roughly about INR5 crores, 
wherein we increased our floor area by about 45,000 square feet to 50,000 square feet and then 
we installed four industrial lifts, three conveyors, staircases and everything in a very proper 
fashion, so that in future we can work very comfortably as and when we keep on getting 
additional business. 
 
So, when it comes to building or infrastructure, I don't think that we require to expand further 
up till maybe the turnover of INR150 crores plus roughly. If it goes further then again we'll have 
to increase, we'll have to construct another new building or a shed within the existing premises 
where we have extra room right now. And when it comes to machinery I cannot 100% predict 
and tell you right now because there are so many developments taking place every day 
worldwide. 
 
So whatever things we feel that okay we visit the industrial exhibitions and other automation, 
wherever we feel okay so and so machine is important for our factory which will increase the 
speed and reduce the labor cost we just purchase it. Let that be about a INR1 crores or INR1.5 
crores or maybe INR50 lakhs. So, all such kind of investments cannot be predicted. That can 
just happen on the time need basis. 
Agastya: 
Understood, sir. Sir in terms of the drones and also the existing businesses that you have, how 
much if you can go like segment by segment, what is the percentage of bought out components 
and what is the percentage of internally manufactured components? Like for example, when you 

 
 
Nitiraj Engineers Limited 
 
 
November 28, 2024 
 
 
 
start manufacturing drones, how many components will you have to buy from outside and how 
many will you make yourself? So, what will be your value addition, sir or is it just an assembly 
that you are planning to do? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Correct. See, as far as drone is concerned, our R&D and lot of people are trying to - we are 
working on it as long as manufacturing is concerned, but we have already made three drones in 
which selecting the components or various assemblies from throughout the world, from different 
countries and also in India is a challenge. This is a new line for us. 
 
So I do not want to give you a really a very big picture unnecessarily. I am a very practical man. 
So initially what we will be doing is most of the components will be bought out - components 
or assemblies, but then with our capabilities and experience of over 35 years, 37 years in the 
industry, when it comes to electronics and assembling of all kinds of mechanical plastic parts 
in-house, molding shop, press shop, everything we have in-house.  
So, it will be a gradual process over a period, maybe a year or two, most of the parts will be 
indigenized and that is where we get the price benefit over the others. 
Agastya: 
That is precisely why I asked the question, sir. 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
So, Mr. Agastya, I am telling you very practical things. It is not that I have got some magic wand 
in my hand. This is the process by which we will be going, that is how it will be. 
Agastya: 
Understood, sir. Sir, thank you very much for answering all the questions patiently, sir. Thank 
you very much. I really appreciate it. All the best for the coming quarters, sir. Thank you. 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Thank you so much, Mr. Agastya. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Usha Shah, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Usha Shah: 
Good afternoon, sir. Thank you so much for holding this conference call. So, I have two 
questions. One is so looking at the last two quarters, our results are not that good according to 
what have been mentioned in the presentation. So, I would want to ask that what is the certainty 
of our numbers that they would be at least stable moving forward? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Yes, there are two ways I can answer your question. Number one is our Q1 performance was 
extraordinarily low. We have already given the explanation after declaring the results of Q1, 
mainly because of the central elections took place and that is why we could not get any kind of 
institutional or government business in that period. 
 
That is why it affected. Also, the first quarter is a low kind of a business for us every year as 
long as our commercial market is concerned. Q2, we record very well and Q3 we are already 
filled with lot of orders which have already been declared on the board. So, we are fully loaded 
right now. I believe that Q3, Q4 will do very good and we should be at par at least the last year 
or slightly ahead that is we are trying our best. 

 
 
Nitiraj Engineers Limited 
 
 
November 28, 2024 
 
 
 
And I do not think it is a problem, it is like a 20 over match. So, unless the 20th over and the last 
ball is bowled, nothing can be said, something like that, but then we are trying our best to 
increase our business in coming years by making lot of developments, adding new features and 
the new models, training our marketing team and increasing our approach, our spread all over 
the country. 
Usha Shah: 
Thank you so much, sir. My next question is that what is the current utilization of our plant given 
that we are also expanding? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
See, actually in electronic kind of industry ma'am the install capacity is not really based on our 
infrastructure right away. It all depends on our business. The more business we can generate, we 
can almost make those many machines, manufacture those many machines. Of course, 
ultimately there is some limitation like which I explained while discussing with Agastya that 
whatever infrastructure we have at present, we can do a turnover of about INR150 odd crores 
without having further expansions of land and other things.  
So, it all depends because when we get the institutional orders or government orders, it is a big 
order to be done in a short period. And that is where you require a bigger space and bigger 
infrastructure. If these orders are spread very well throughout the year, then we don't require any 
expansions. 
Usha Shah: 
Understood, sir. Lastly, I would want to ask, so is there any base order book which we have all 
the years or all the order book is totally dependent upon the demand from government and other 
institutions? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
See, like if I tell you today's time, right now today is maybe 28th of November. Okay. We are 
right now manufacturing the highest number of machines. We are manufacturing almost 6,000 
machines a day because we are in a process of executing a big order. And our commercial 
business is also at the peak because the festive season and other things are still on. So, probably 
August to January is the period where we are highly booked.  
And if we have a lot of orders for the year ending from government segment, then we are booked 
till March end also. April, May, June is slightly a lower quarter, but then rest of the time we are 
really booked. 
Usha Shah: 
Thank you so much, sir. And lastly when are we targeting to start our exports completely? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Exports are on, ma'am. We are doing the export anyway. If you're talking about Germany, yes 
the communication is on and it's on process right now. I am hopeful to get about - we are hopeful 
to get about USD30,000 odd order in coming time and we'll begin with that. Apart from that, we 
are selling our products to Middle East countries, especially Oman and UAE, where we have the 
distributors. 
 
And we have about four distributors in Nepal also. So, we are selling our products there and 
some of the other SAARC countries and African countries, we are already selling our products. 
Usha Shah: 
And what was the export percentage in this financial, in this quarterly result? 

 
 
Nitiraj Engineers Limited 
 
 
November 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
See, actually the percentage of export what we are doing, maybe last year was about INR1.5 
crores to INR2 crores roughly I can tell you and the figures are not readily available with me. 
So, the percentage is less, percentage for export is less. We are taking special efforts now to 
increase the business on export, exports. 
Usha Shah: 
All right, sir. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pradeep-ji, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Pradeep: 
Thank you for the call. I was - I think some of the questions were answered with the previous 
questions. I have a few more questions. Last year, we made I think around INR18 crores 
EBITDA and looking at the PBT the 20% CAGR, is it still applicable for the next year also or 
is it, I mean, our project needs from the next year? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
You're talking about '24-;'25? 
Pradeep: 
Yes.  
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Yes, it is going to be applicable this year also, almost the same ratios we are working at. 
Pradeep: 
Great. So, previous year I think we did a sales about INR100 crores with an EBITDA of INR18 
crores and the upcoming year, I mean, the year which is going to close at March, the upcoming 
March 25, that is 24-25, we are still at least going to make 20% with sales and EBITDA? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
If we can maintain the top line, then the EBITDA will be maintained. If it is lesser then definitely 
the ratio would be slightly different, but then I think we should be in a position to do all right by 
the end of this year. 
Pradeep: 
Great. Thank you. Thank you so much, sir. I think that is the only question I have. 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Thank you so much, Pradeep-ji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Rajesh Bhatwal for the closing comments. 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Yes. Thank you. I thank all the investors who are present for this concall and we as a team at 
Nitiraj Engineers we are trying our best to grow further and with your all support and 
understanding, things are definitely moving in the right direction. I am hopeful to get much 
bigger business in coming period, but then I don't want to give any kind of figures or talk 
something in the air.  
Only when the business would come in, that will be seen on the board's notifications also very 
well. So please, I mean, once again I thank you for attending this program. And if there are any 
other questions or any queries you people have about the organization, about the companies 
working, feel free to ask us anytime by whatever means. And we'll be definitely happy to reply 
you correctly. Thank you so much. 

 
 
Nitiraj Engineers Limited 
 
 
November 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Nitiraj Engineers Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Thank you. 
