 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 021 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code:  500271  
 
 
 
Scrip Code:  MFSL 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call held on October 23, 2024, post 
declaration of Un-audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2024, is enclosed.  
The 
same 
has 
also 
been 
uploaded 
on 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://maxfinancialservices.com/static/uploads/financials/mfsl-earnings-call-
transcript_final_q2fy25.pdf  
You are requested to kindly take the aforesaid on record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
for Max Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
 
Piyush Soni 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
PIYUSH 
SONI
Digitally signed by 
PIYUSH SONI 
Date: 2024.10.28 
21:44:38 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
Max Financial Services Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
October 23, 2024 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Max Financial Services Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amrit Singh – Chief Financial Officer, Max 
Financial Services Limited and Max Life Insurance Company Limited. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Amrit Singh: 
Thank you, Rayo. Good morning to everyone and once again I welcome you to the 
Max Financial Services Earning Call for the quarter ended September 2024. 
We made our Results available on our website as well as Stock Exchanges last 
evening and as always, I am today joined by Prashant Tripathy – Managing Director 
and CEO of Max Life Insurance. 
I request him to share "Key Developments and Insights" from this Quarter. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
Good morning, everyone, and warm welcome to Max Financial Services Earning 
Call. I am very excited, just to begin with, to share with you that we have now solid 
plans to refresh our corporate name and brand identity. 
With Axis Bank on board as a co-promoter, Max Life Management proposed the 
inclusion of Axis as a part of its corporate name and brand identity. And I am so 
thankful to the Axis Bank Management Board as well as Max that we now have 
permission to use Axis name from their perspective on our brand identity. With Axis 
Bank coming as a co-promoter way back in 2021, igniting a powerful synergy, the 
time was right for us to consider having Axis name in our brand also. 
Our goal is to create an even more powerful and influential brand that continues to 
inspire 'Bharosa' for our customers, employees, investors and other stakeholders. 
This strategic decision was backed by in-depth research with all our stakeholders by 
an external consultant. The key findings of studies show a strong association with 
Axis Bank beyond urban and tier 1 and Max plus Axis joint branding being a preferred 
thing. 

 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Combining the two brands would result into stronger brand association, increased 
likability, and ease of remembering and preferred buying consideration and it will 
also very solidly and overtly exhibit to all the stakeholders the association as well as 
ownership of Max Life Insurance by Axis Bank. The brand refresh has been approved 
by all the boards, Max Life, Max Financial and Axis Bank. And the new corporate 
name and brand identity will be announced in due course subject to corporate and 
regulatory approvals. I am very optimistic that we will do that over the next quarter. 
Now moving on to key development in Quarter 2 across all the strategic areas and I 
will pick them up one by one. 
Predictable & Sustainable Growth 
In the second quarter of FY '25, our individual adjusted first year premium exhibited 
a very strong growth of 34% outperforming both the private sector and overall 
industry growth rates of 24% and 21% respectively. It is noteworthy that this growth, 
even on a two-year CAGR term, is also healthy 25% compared to overall industry 
growth of only 14%. 
Total APE in Quarter 2 expanded by 31%, led to a significant over 20% increase in 
the number of policies issued. Therefore, so far in the first half of the year, our sales, 
which is APE and adjusted FYP have grown by an impressive 31% backed by 
secular growth from both proprietary and partnership channels. 
Our continued investment in prop channels led to a sustained momentum in their 
growth, achieving year-on-year 45% growth in Quarter 2 FY '25 and 51% in H1 FY 
'25. It is noteworthy that our strong focus and execution capabilities have resulted in 
prop channels growing at two-year CAGR of around 46% in H1 FY '25. 
Offline prop channels saw a remarkable 39% growth driven by enhanced frontline 
sales productivity and the expansion of our top performing agent pool. Our online 
channels continue to lead the market, holding the top position across digital platforms 
in both protection and savings segments. These channels grew by over 59% in 
Quarter 2 FY '25 fueled by robust demand of our new fund offer aimed at the online 
savings segment. 
Further, in our ongoing efforts to broaden distribution, we have successfully 
onboarded 20 new partners during Quarter 2 FY '25 including two banks, Indian Post 
Payment Bank is one of them, 10 GCL partners, 5 online and offline brokers and 3 
corporate agents. While these partners become sizable in the medium term, our 
existing partnership channels delivered a strong performance in Quarter 2 as well, 
posting 22% growth and 17% in H1 FY '25. 
Additionally, despite a competitive and slow disbursal market, our group credit life 
business expanded by 34% in H1 FY '25, showcasing our ability to scale up in highly 
competitive markets despite being late entrants. 
In short, we are committed to maintaining a similar momentum of growth throughout 
the year, surpassing industry growth by a significant margin. 
Product Innovation to Drive Margins: 
Talking about products, which have been a big discussion item also in view of the 
regulatory changes, which became effective from 1st October, our dedication to 
product innovation remains steadfast. Max Life continues to lead the market in 

 
Page 3 of 15 
 
launching attractive products that align with customer needs while delivering healthy 
returns to our shareholders. 
With the same objective in Quarter 2, we introduced a Nifty 500 Momentum Fund 
predominantly for e-commerce customers, a move to leverage opportunities in the 
current equity market. This led to 74% growth in the ULIP segment at company level, 
with the ULIP share in our product mix increasing from 35% total APE last year to 
47% in Quarter 2 FY '25. 
Protection, a long-term focus area for us, saw 49% growth in retail protection in 
Quarter 2, driven by the success of our unique SEWA Health proposition and 
strategic emphasis on riders. We achieved the highest ever Rider Attachment Ratio 
of 45% in H1 FY '25 versus 31% in H1 FY '24, with Rider APE growing by over 280%. 
With this protection and health penetration in our individual APE, we reached 11% 
in Quarter 2 FY '25 versus 10% the previous year. 
Further, in retirement, we recently launched our latest version of IRIS study, which 
reveals that most urban Indians recognize the importance of early retirement plans. 
The retirement preparedness index for urban India increased from 47 points in IRIS 
3.0 to 49 points in IRIS 4.0, supported by greater awareness and proactive financial 
planning. Therefore, the retirement segment remains a strategic priority for us, and 
we are well positioned to capitalize on this opportunity through our annuity 
proposition. 
While Quarter 2 annuity sales saw a moderate growth of 5% due to competitive 
pricing actions, we expect them to ease in the coming quarters, paving the way for 
renewed growth from this segment. 
All our efforts in distribution expansion along with product innovation resulted in a 
significant increase of 23% in our VNB for Q2 with an NBM of 23.6%. And with that, 
our first half VNB growth is now 16%. This is an increase on quarter-on-quarter 6.1%, 
which comes from the benefit of our operating leverage and strong growth in rider 
attachment. You will find the outcomes to be consistent with the commentary that we 
have shared with you at the end of quarter 1, where there were a lot of questions 
around our NBMs. 
Surrender regulations update is something that you must be waiting for. As you are 
aware, new surrender regulations became effective from 1st October, and it wanted 
all our products to be fully compliant. I am happy to share that we have successfully 
relaunched 98% of these products for sale. 
Further, we are in the process of mitigating the impact on margins by adjusting 
distribution compensation, customer benefits, as well as taking actions on specific 
discretionary area of expenses. As guided earlier, we anticipate a net margin impact 
on a run rate basis, full year run rate basis of between 100 and 200 basis points. 
Majority of it, I believe, will be mitigated in the medium term, medium term defined 
as over the next few quarters. 
Customer Obsession Across the Value Chain: 
At Max Life, customer obsession is integral to everything we do. The dedication to 
delivering unparalleled value and trust has been recognized, with Max Life being 
named as one of the Best Organizations for Customer Experience 2024 by ET Now. 
We also achieved a five-point increase in our company-wide net promoter score, 
rising from 56 in March '24 to 61 in September '24, with both touch point and 

 
Page 4 of 15 
 
relationship NPS showing similar gains. We maintain our leadership in 13th month 
persistency for number of policies, with our regular and limited premium for extensive 
reaching its highest ever level at 87% up 309 basis points, while our 61st month 
persistency stood at 58 for the period ending September 2024. 
Digitization for efficiency and intelligence:  
The fourth strategic lever, which is digitization for efficiency and intelligence, our 
ongoing digitization initiatives continue to enhance operational efficiency across the 
business, delivering both cost savings and improved customer satisfaction. Max 
Life's efforts were recognized with the Digital Transformation Award at the 19th 
SKOCH Summit for our OCI Cloud journey, as well as the Best DevSecOps Team 
Award by Quantic. 
Our Quarter 2 technology interventions include the launch of the mPitch Pro app, 
designed to help agent advisors simplify the pitch to prospects, and the SARAL tool, 
which streamlines onboarding of customers and distributors. 
Our new claim system called TEJAS, now operational for almost all products, offers 
real-time claim validation, further building customer trust. We also launched a 
generative AI-based co-pilot for our 4,000 frontline sales personnel and supervisors 
in Quarter 2 to assist with real-time sales query and objection handling. 
In summary, our Quarter 2 Results underscore our ability to scale propriety channels, 
grow partnerships, and achieve profitable outcomes. As we move forward, 
leveraging the strengths of both Max and Axis brands, we remain committed to 
delivering sustainable long-term value for our customers, shareholders, partners, 
and employees. 
I am going to hand it over to Amrit now, who will provide an update on our financial 
performance. Back to you, Amrit. 
Amrit Singh: 
Thank you, Prashant. Some update on key “Financial Metrics” incrementally.  
▪ 
MFSL consolidated revenue excluding investment income now stands 
at Rs. 12,820 crore, a growth of 14% in the first half. 
▪ 
The consolidated profit after tax for MFSL stands at Rs. 295 crore. 
▪ 
Max life renewal premium grew by 12% to Rs. 8,046 crore, and hence 
consequently, the gross premium has grown by 14% to Rs. 13,137 
crore. 
▪ 
The value of new business over the first half is at Rs. 766 crore versus 
Rs. 663 crore the previous year, a growth of 16%. The NBM for first half 
now has improved to 21.2%. 
▪ 
Embedded value end of September 2024 is Rs. 23,338 crore. This 
includes the capital infusion which was done by Axis in the first quarter 
of Rs. 1,612 crore.  
▪ 
The annualized total return on EV, first half FY '25, excluding the capital 
infusion of Rs. 1,612 crore is 24.2%, and the annualized operating RoEV 
stands at 16.8%.  
▪ 
In the annualized operating RoEV, there has been a positive operating 
variance of Rs. 9 crore. And on overall embedded value, there is a non-
operating variance of Rs. 660 crore. 
▪ 
Policyholder OPEX to GWP stands at 16.5%, and total cost to GWP is 
at 25.6%. Policyholder OPEX has grown by 22% in line with business 
growth. 

 
Page 5 of 15 
 
▪ 
Max Life first half FY '25 profit stands at 267 crore, the growth of 3%. 
Solvency position is at 198% end of September 2024. 
▪ 
The overall assets under management end of September '24 is Rs.1.7 
lakh crore, a growth of 27%. 
We will now be happy to take any questions that you may have, and I will hand over 
to moderator to open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from Shreya Shivani from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Sir, just wanted to check on two things. First is on the surrender value regulation. We 
have heard your peers speak about that they are using a different combination of 
claw-back or progressive commissions and that's how the structures are currently 
under discussion with distributors. Where are you guys on this conversation? Are the 
deals sealed? Most of your peers have said that the industry will take another quarter 
for this entire dynamic to settle down. So, some commentary around that would be 
useful. 
And second, sir, on this Axis, use of Axis Bank in the name, Axis in the name, what 
sort of regulatory approvals are required here? We are saying it can come through 
in the next quarter. Will RBI be included in approving this? Some color around that 
would be useful. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
Thanks, Shreya. I will take both the questions. On surrender income, my 
commentary is consistent with what the industry peers are saying. We have had a 
detailed conversation with a large set of partners already and their proposals which 
are a combination of all the things that you mentioned. I am very optimistic that from 
our perspective we will be able to close it in less than one quarter. With smaller 
distribution partners, we are engaging in that discussion right now. And we are really 
optimistic that all that will get settled over the next few weeks. 
 
As far as the approval of branding is concerned, as you know, we need to go to ROC, 
followed by an approval from IRDAI for the name change. Those are two approvals 
which are required. We don't require any approval from RBI. So, hopefully, the 
turnaround time to do that will be close to 45 days. And I am very optimistic that 
hence within next quarter we will be able to launch our brand. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Swarnabh Mukherjee from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: So, first, I wanted to understand regarding the margin front. So, if I were to look at 
Q2 vis-a-vis Q1, this is around 600 basis points improvement that has come through. 
Just wanted some quantification from your side that how much of this would have 
come from operating leverage and how much would have come from the product 
mix. 
 
Because at least at macro level, it looks like that product mix have, you know, impact 
might be relatively smaller, but if you could give more color on that. And also, whether 
you like a couple of your peers had commented that the yield curve impact were 
absorbed in terms of the non-PAR products. 
 
So, have you done the same as well? And whether that is part of this number, how 
much in basis points terms maybe had impacted the margin? That would give us 
some color on what could be going ahead. And also if your guidance changes 

 
Page 6 of 15 
 
because of that, because this margin came out strong in this quarter, whether there 
would be any change in the guidance?  
 
Secondly, sir, in terms I wanted some color on the break up that you generally 
provide on the sub segments in your proprietary channel, what has been the mix of 
the direct channel, the e-commerce and the agencies in your prop channel this 
quarter and the prior year same quarter. So, that would be helpful. And how the 
commission structures are panning out in the e-commerce channel, because I think 
for 1H you have mentioned that there has been more than 100% growth in this 
channel. So, I just wanted to understand that. 
 
Just one last one on the structure simplification process risk if you can highlight. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
Let me make an attempt to answer some of the questions and I will lean on Amrit to 
share with you the numbers. I think, with respect to the advantage or margin 
increase, you may recall that we mention every time that when we come up with our 
margin numbers, we take expenses on actuals. And hence, if you were to look at last 
many years, our quarter 1 margins are smallest and every passing quarter the margin 
builds up. And this quarter was no different. 
 
If you remember, we had a 17.5% margin in quarter 1. If you look at our VNB in the 
first quarter, our VNB was close to 250 crore, now it is more than doubled. So, we 
do significant more sales in Quarter 2 compared to quarter 1. And hence, there will 
be a big advantage of leverage, first part. And I don't know if Amrit has those numbers 
handy. I will give it to him in a second. 
 
And the other one is a commentary that I mentioned to you. We have attached 
significant more riders this quarter to drive our margins up. So, hence, if you look at 
our product mix, our product mix is more or less similar. We have written similar 
amounts of ULIP also. But because of higher leverage as well as attachment of 
riders, we were able to drive more profit. So, riders we generally call as a part of our 
protection and health proposition. And you will notice that protection and health 
proposition has significantly increased in the first half. So, that is the big reason why 
it has happened. But I am going to hand it over to Amrit to give more color as well as 
talk about responses to other questions. 
Amrit Singh: 
Thanks, Prashant. Swarnabh, so from quarter 1 to Quarter 2 walk, the 600-basis 
point improvement that you see, 500 basis point of that comes out of operating 
leverage and also strong volume growth that we have continued experience in the 
quarter. And around 100 basis point is a mix of the riders which we have been 
successfully able to actually attach across our product forms. 
 
And the second question that you actually asked was on the yield curve impact. 
Look, the yield curve impact is a regular course of business. There is a yield curve 
movement which will happen, and we will respond to those yield curve movements. 
We have done some bit of it during this first half. The non-PAR pricing has been 
adjusted at various points in time, though the movement in the last month has been 
a bit sharper. But keeping an overall view of competitive intensity and competitive 
actions, we will also continue to take those calls with respect to adjusting our non-
PAR rates for the customers as well. 
 
I think you asked a question on the contribution coming out of our different channels. 
The agency has at an overall level contributed around 21%, 22% last year. It has a 
similar level this year as well. The CAT channel also contributed around 9% last year. 
It is at similar levels this year as well. And the e-commerce contribution is actually 
up from 9%. It has moved to 15%. So, there is the e-commerce growth which you 

 
Page 7 of 15 
 
can see of over 105% in the first half is causing to an improvement of share of the e-
commerce business. Any additional? 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: Yes, a couple of things. One was whether there is any change in the margin guidance 
that you had given because of the better margin profile that came through this time 
and maybe the rider attachments are growing. So, they would like to change that. 
And the second is on the structure simplification process, if there is any progress, if 
you want to share. 
Amrit Singh: 
So, I think on guidance, we will stick to whatever we had been saying at the start of 
the year. You will appreciate that it's not a normal period that we are entering into 
from a regulatory disruption that has come in play and it will require this quarter 3 
some bit of stabilization to happen. But keeping the overall guidance in view that we 
do aspire for double-digit VNB growth and a strong APE growth and VNB margins 
would be an outcome of some of those things. So, we will kind of continue holding 
to those particular guidance. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
On the structure simplification, we don't have any updates beyond whatever we have 
shared so far. We are working and we are observing. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: Do you have any timelines in mind for that?  
Prashant Tripathy: 
I think the moment we have visibility to timelines, we will come back to you. It is going 
to be a time-consuming process, and I think we will make an attempt to do that over 
the next few quarters is the way I will put it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Supratim Datta from Ambit. Please go ahead. 
Supratim Datta: 
So, my first question is on the growth side. ULIP has been growing very strongly and 
this has not been the case only for you but across the sector, ULIP has been growing 
very strongly. Just wanted to understand what in your experience suggests that when 
the market slows down or when things start to stabilize, how easy is it to switch from 
ULIP to other products and what could be some of the levers that you could use to 
shift the growth from one product to the other, if you could give some color on that 
and what your past experience suggests, particularly given we could enter a period 
where you could see rate cuts as well? If you could give some color on how life 
insurance products during rate cut period plays out, that would be very helpful. 
 
And the next question is on the EV walk. So, there seems to be a positive operating 
variance that you have been holding for this half. Just wanted to understand that 
what has resulted in this positive operating variance? If you could give some color 
on that, that would be helpful. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
So, I will take that. I think growth from ULIP definitely is a phenomenon and this is 
not happening for the first time. In the past also, there is a strong correlation on ULIP 
growth with respect to market uptake and over the last few quarters we have seen 
the share market perform well and hence ULIP picks up. 
 
In past, we have witnessed that life insurance industry has been able to maneuver 
the change quite well and so have we. There have been many quarters where... 
where our growth or our ULIP mix will go up to between 40% to 45%, it will fall 
between 35% to 40%, but we have more or less maintained that trajectory. I don't 
expect a big impact on account of ULIP transition. If at all, it will be very marginal. 

 
Page 8 of 15 
 
In terms of EV walk and operating variance, positive variance, operating variance, 
which is a minor number, is because of some of the upsides that we have seen from 
our mortality experience. 
Supratim Datta: 
And just one clarification. So, on the name change or rebranding, would it be a joint 
name that you are proposing like Axis Max or Max Axis, or how would that be? If you 
could give some color. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
I think your expectation is correct. I can't tell you whether it will be Axis Max, Max 
Axis, but yes, it is going to be a combination of both the names. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Sir, firstly, just extending the point on the rebranding, which channels do you, in the 
survey or the feedback that you would have received from the third party, which 
channels would you expect to benefit the most out of this? And we have already kind 
of been delivering very strong growth on APE front. So, on this base also from a, 
say, two to three-year perspective, what would be your growth aspirations 
considering the rebranding?  
Prashant Tripathy: 
Thank you very much. That's a very good question you asked, and it is something 
very, very strategic. From our point of view, of course, Max Life Insurance is a 
prominent brand. Within life insurance space, we are seen as experts in life 
insurance, and we have had an incredible journey so far. 
 
However, Axis is a larger financial services conglomerate, and it has presence in 
many, many more cities, tier 2, tier 3, smaller part of India where perhaps Max Life 
brand is not as strong. And hence, we kick started, and this is not really something 
which was guidance from shareholders. Actually, management team picked up this 
exercise to look at any opportunities that may arise by having the strength of Axis 
Bank associated with Max Life Insurance and we actually talked to almost 
everybody. 
 
As you know, we are expanding in smaller cities. We opened 100 branches over the 
last one year. We talk to agent advisors. We talk to current customers. We talk to 
prospective customers. We talk to employees of Axis Bank, sellers of Axis Bank, 
seller for other banks. And I think across all cohorts, we found that the strength of 
both brands coming together was more prominent than Max Life on its own. 
 
So, hence, the management team made a request to our Axis set of shareholders 
along with Max's shareholders to allow us to use a brand which kind of carries the 
strength of both the brands together. And I am very happy and lucky that it's been 
allowed. So, we will take that on board. 
 
It also, in a way, answers some of the questions that investors and analysts have 
over and over again come and ask us about seriousness, the ownership of the 
agenda of Max Life Insurance growth by Axis Bank. 
 
I would like to unequivocally communicate that it is reflective, the ownership of the 
agenda, the growth of Max Life's agenda by Axis Bank is quite vested in the decision 
that Axis Bank has chosen to lend its name brand to Max Life Insurance. It goes to 
that extent. 

 
Page 9 of 15 
 
 
So, it serves to the purpose of really reflecting and demonstrating to the entire world 
that both the companies are going to work together, and we have very deep interest 
in building life insurance business in India. 
 
I think the advantage, a distinct advantage that we are going to get is also with sellers 
of Axis Bank where we have an open architecture situation. And I think having a 
common brand or having Axis brand attached to Max Life Insurance will definitely 
give some bit of distinctive advantage to Max Life Insurance in the minds of the 
sellers. 
 
We already are in the counter-share range of 65% to 70% and we have maintained 
that. Over and over again, there have been questions around it. We have maintained 
it. So, honestly, from all counts, I think this was a very positive decision that I was 
personally passionate about and I am happy that they're moving in that direction. 
 
Our growth has been strong. Your observation is right. We are doing very well, and 
I think with these changes or with the strategic decisions that we are doing, one will 
make an attempt to grow even faster. We have deep aspirations to be among the 
top three players and I think we will continue to pursue that journey with strength and 
with determination. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Thanks for that elaborate answer. And secondly, from a VNB margin perspective in 
the second half, how do you see this panning out given that the surrender charges 
would kind of come in and probably you will have a rebranding cost that would come 
into your numbers, and also the commission structures are still being discussed and 
not yet finalized? So, do we see the margins kind of coming up in Q3 and then kind 
of possibly a more normalized number in Q4? How do we see the margin kind of 
panning out? And from a, say, again, from a two to three-year perspective, do we 
see that the VNB CAGR would be similar to the APE CAGR or how should we kind 
of look at from a two to three-year perspective?  
Prashant Tripathy: 
Yes, I think margin is something which is quite dear to us. And on all the discussions 
that we do internally, margin finds a very important place. However, over the last two 
or three years, you would have seen that we are trying to balance market share 
growth with margin. One would be very happy if we are near about 24%, 25% margin, 
yet being able to maintain the growth trajectory on APE the way we are doing. 
 
Last year, the margin was 26.5. The year began without any surrender impact. We 
had given guidance of being between 25 to 26, that kind of number, close to about 
25%. The surrender guidelines have come, and we have spoken about 100-200 
basis point impact. So, really, I think our margin should be in the range of 23 to 24 
for the full year basis. 
 
I am being bold in giving some kind of guidance in a very fluid environment. So, with 
one quarter here or there, I think on a run rate basis, we should try and make or try 
and come close between 23%, 24% for the year. That will be our attempt. And over 
a medium-term basis, when I say medium term, over three to four quarters, we 
should try to cover up this delta which has come. And as demonstrated in this 
quarter, we have several initiatives which are running to optimize for margin. So, we 
will continue to do that. 
 
I think the cost of rebranding; I would count it out because that's honestly going to 
be a one-off cost. And hence, you know, one should look at margins independent of 
that. But you are right. The next two quarters will be in that sense, especially this 
quarter is going to be dynamic because of how surrender income regulations are 

 
Page 10 of 15 
 
settling. But one would definitely make an impact in a very genuine effort to hold the 
margin at the levels where we are or improve further. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Now, this last question. How has the first 22 days of October been under the new 
regulations with respect to growth or with respect to product mix, any difference from 
what you would have seen in the first half?  
Prashant Tripathy: 
Honestly, I think that's something which I will be running afoul talking about the 
growth rate. Let the IRDAI numbers come at the end of the month. I think it requires 
your patience. I don't have any reasons to worry. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from Sukant Garg from Equible Research. Please go 
ahead. 
Sukant Garg: 
Just a little bit old school questions here. What would be the bind rate currently in 
the policy Max Life Insurance?  
Prashant Tripathy: 
Can you repeat your question?  
Sukant Garg: 
What would be the bind rate, the policy conversion rate against the quotes that's 
been generated?  
Prashant Tripathy: 
We have the conversion rates, Amrit. 
Amrit Singh: 
It's generally 10% conversion rates is what we observe. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
And it varies by channels also. 
Amrit Singh: 
And it does vary depending upon channel, bank conversion rates are slightly higher. 
E-commerce conversion rates are more tougher, and agency conversion rates and 
direct link conversion rates are between 8% to 10%. 
Sukant Garg: 
So, 10% is the overall for the quote generated against the policy conversion. That 
could be said. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
That's right. Customer meetings are done to policy converted. 
Sukant Garg: 
That is 10%. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
Yes. 
Sukant Garg: 
And what would be the revenue per policyholder and average cost per claim 
approximately?  
Amrit Singh: 
Sorry, revenue and what? Claims per policy you asked.  
Sukant Garg: 
Revenue per policyholder and average cost per claim currently. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
The ticket sizes you mean. You mean the ticket size of every policy?  
Sukant Garg: 
Yes. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
Yes, it's closer to 1 lakh, Amrit, if I am correct, right?  

 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Amrit Singh: 
That's right. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
Yes, 1 lakh per ticket size on the regular policies. Sorry, I don't have the answer to 
the second question. If you could email me and Amrit, we will come back to you with 
specific answers if that works. 
Amrit Singh: 
I mean, if you are looking for case sizes in the investor release on Page #46, we do 
provide average ticket size per policy. On average, as Prashant mentioned, it is Rs. 
1 lakh for all products put together, but it does vary depending upon the product that 
is being sold. So, it can be as low as 40,000 in a protection design going up to as 
high as Rs. 1.50 lakh in our annuity kind of design. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama Wealth Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Just I am not sure whether any of the previous participants have touched upon this. 
But can you talk a little bit about what is driving growth within the proprietary channel, 
so the online channel and the agency channel, if you could give what is the growth 
for each online direct and the agency?  
Moderator: 
We seem to have lost the line from Mr. Madhukar. We will move to the next question. 
The next question is from Avinash Singh from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
So,  growth has impressed in the first half. And the growth is coming across channels 
and to be fair even product-wise growth is quite good. Now when you move to H2, 
there are kind of a couple of external factors that we get including your surrender 
regulation changes probably maybe limited, but some disruption on the product side 
and also some negotiation on the payouts. Additionally, the month of October is a 
very festive kind of a month where you have the Dasara, Diwali led disruption. So, 
how are you seeing the growth trend so far? And what sort of expectation will you 
have that, I mean, in this background? What kind of a growth I mean that you can 
deliver in terms of the APE in H2 or rather for the FY '25?  
Prashant Tripathy: 
You asked a very relevant question. The good part is it just doesn't apply to Max Life 
insurance. It is true of industry. And hence, I will peg my response to the industry 
growth rate. Whatever is the industry growth rate we will try to grow substantially 
more than, like, for example, the industry growth rate was 24%, we grew 34. So, one 
would like to have a plus 5% to plus 7% delta with respect to private industry growth 
rate. Let me put it that way. 
 
Very optimistic that the changes in regulation is not going to have a material impact 
on growth rates and we are at least from our side internally not cutting down on our 
growth expectations. So, one would make an attempt to maintain the trajectory of 
growth the way we have done in the first half. 
 
We are quite committed actually on a double-digit teens kind of VNB growth rate, 
and we will target that. Earlier, Avinashji, I did mention that one would make an 
attempt to hold the margin like we have done in Quarter 2, despite having the 
surrender impact. But yes, you are right, there is some moving pieces, but I can only 
pivot back to every such regulatory changes. 
 
You can go back in history. Each time it has happened, Max Life Insurance has come 
out stronger. So, that gives me a lot of optimism. And basis all the discussions that 
we have done, made changes, etc., I think we are reasonably confident of what we 
are talking about. 

 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Prashant, you said that your rider attachment is around 45%, which helped in the 
margin expansion. So, just wanted to understand what is the internal target you have, 
and to what extent it can negate the impact of say, surrender rules or product mix 
change to support the margins. 45 is already a very big number. Whether you see 
this number going meaningfully further up compared to what it is today? That's on 
riders, first question. 
 
The second question is on annuity. It seems to have slowed down a bit, if I look at 
the numbers. Is it because last year you had a group and now you have not got it, 
that led to that moderation? If you can give a split between that number, annuity 
business into group annuity and individual annuity, and how individual annuity have 
behaved, that will be useful. 
 
And the last question is on cost. See, the growth has been 31%, but the overall cost 
has increased by 280 basis point on a year-on-year basis. So, ideally, there should 
be still an operating leverage given the kind of growth we have had. So, just wanted 
to understand is this cost because of capacity addition, like many more people in 
Axis Bank, or your investment in prop channel is still happening. If that is the case, 
then future investment leverage, or sorry, this operating leverage for these 
investments made in the channel, how do you see to play out going ahead? These 
are my three questions. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
I will take the first one and then I will request somebody to focus on the next two. In 
terms of rider attachments, Sanketh, in our organization, we have chosen protection 
and health as a very critical area of growth. And we are very deeply working on 
improving penetration and we count that as protection, meaning pure protection, 
either return of premium kind protection or normal protection. We held products and 
we have an offering called SEWA, which was very, very good in terms of margin 
contribution as well as sales. 
 
And then the third one is riders, which we are trying very hard to attach to. A large 
part of the rider attachment that we did in last quarter was with ULIP design, which 
we sold through banks. We are at this point of time trying to rebalance the overall 
mix, and the efforts are on to reduce the proportion of ULIP, and we are seeing 
reasonable success in doing so. 
 
So, we will continue to work on optimizing the margin. If the ULIP proportion goes 
up, we will try to attach riders so that we are able to preserve margin or reduce or 
optimize the product mix in a manner that ULIP proportion goes down and the 
proportion of non-PAR goes up. Those will be attempts as you would appreciate 
these are moving pieces and continuous efforts are made actually to optimize our 
product mix so that the margin outcomes are optimal. 
 
For question two and three, I am going to hand over to Amrit to respond. 
Sanketh Godha: 
So, Prashant, a small follow-up. Is it fair to assume these riders' margins are 
meaningfully superior compared to even the protection in the overall country 
average?  
Prashant Tripathy: 
It will be aligned to protection and a tad higher than protection, and significantly 
higher than company average. 
Amrit Singh: 
I think on the two questions that you asked, one was on annuity and the second one 
operating leverage in the subsequent quarters. Annuity, as we did mention in the 

 
Page 13 of 15 
 
opening remark and also in the presentation, the retail annuity has grown at 18% for 
first half. But the group annuity, because we actually experienced a very large deal 
last year, a single one-off deal last year, there is a large decline in group annuity at 
the moment, around 60% decline. But if you adjust for that large deal, then there is 
a 60% growth. We are quite optimistic that this group annuity business also will pick 
up in the subsequent quarters as it kind of takes away the effect of that one specific 
large deal. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Amrit, can you split off your annuity into group and retail percentage mix?  
Amrit Singh: 
So, around 173 is retail and 12 odd crore is group annuities for Super annuation 
annuities, on APE basis. This is APE, right?  
Sanketh Godha: 
Yes, 173 crore is retail and 12 crore is group. That's the way I see it. 
Amrit Singh: 
Yes. On operating leverage, you are right. Actually, historically, you would have seen 
that as quarters progress where sales volume increases and OPEX, operating 
leverage kicks in, there is an improvement in margin which happens. We do 
experience anywhere between 200 to 300 basis point expansion in margins from 
what you have seen in Quarter 2 going forward as well because of that. 
Sanketh Godha: 
No, Amrit, my question was half to half comparison, that is first half last year to first 
half year. You had a growth of 31%, but ideally the cost ratio should have come 
down, but it has increased. So, wanted to understand this cost increase is largely 
because of man addition in Axis or investment in prop and how it will play out if you 
believe the investments are being done upfront, then how you see it playing out going 
ahead?  
Amrit Singh: 
Right, so the total expense that has increased, which is around 28% increase, and 
obviously the individual business has grown by 31%. The APE has grown by 31%. 
The 28% increase, the OPEX, pure OPEX is actually around 21%, 22% increase and 
there is a large commission increase that is evident which some bit of it is rebase 
lining of commission between lines which is actually happening and planning out, 
and also the fact that we are aggressively pursuing some of the new accounts and 
group credit life businesses where generally the commission ratios are higher. 
 
Now with respect to OPEX, pure OPEX, there is obviously an increase which has 
been done towards the distribution workforce across our channels, and that 
distribution workforce does start showing up productivity gains as time progresses, 
whether it is in agency, whether it is in direct teams or whether it is in the new 
relationships of banks that we have added. So, that is largely the overall contours of 
how OPEX is panning out. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama Wealth Management. Please 
go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
So, I just wanted to get a sense of what is driving growth within proprietary channels, 
the online agency and direct sub-sort of channel growth out there. And second, if 
you look at the new business strain, that has also gone up substantially. I mean, it is 
good to see that the back book surplus has grown, but new business trend has 
actually gone up quite sharply in this quarter and in the first half. So, any particular 
reason on that? Is it more resolving driven or is it more sort of higher commission 
payouts or something of that sort of actually payouts going up over there? Some 
color on that will be helpful. And can you break down the economic variance between 
fixed income and equity?  

 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Prashant Tripathy: 
I will request Amrit, you take this, the question. 
Amrit Singh: 
So, you asked three questions. The first one is actually what is driving the growth 
across our proprietary channels. In agency, clearly our top agent engagement 
programs and overall top agent momentum is very strong and that is actually helping 
us. In addition to the fact that the expansion of capacity, which is helping with 
productivity gains coming through the years, is also an aiding force in what has been 
driving the growth momentum within agency channels. 
 
In direct selling teams, actually it is to do with more and newer pools of customer 
segments to whom we have started doing cross-sell and up-sell, which is actually 
aiding that growth. And those new pools have come as some of the customers who 
are unmapped at Axis franchise, customers whom we have had now e-commerce 
relationships. Those kinds of additional pools have helped. And obviously we have 
invested in people to go and kind of tap into these pools across our cities and that is 
enabling the growth momentum in the direct channel. 
 
And largely in the e-commerce channel, I think we did mention around two years 
back that savings is a business that we are now entering into. And there has been 
strong savings momentum in that particular channel and which we have from not 
being present two years back have kind of come to a pole position with respect to 
the counter share that we own in that particular market. That has helped. And the 
underlying protection growth we continue to remain leaders in that business on a 
whole. So, that's the first one. 
 
I think the second question you asked was on the strain. You saw a rise in strain. 
The reason for the strain increase, one obviously is higher sales in protection, group 
credit life, and ULIPs which actually intrinsically have higher NB strain. And that's 
largely the reason why the strain has grown. It's a factor of business mix and 
business growth coming out of these specific segments. And all these segments, 
unit-linked, credit life, and protection have higher strains initially unlike participating 
design policy. 
 
Last question you asked was on the economic variance. What proportion? Two-third 
of that is attributable to equity gains and one-third to the debt gains. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Nidesh from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nidesh: 
The question is on e-commerce channel. So, what is driving such sharp growth in 
the channel almost 100% Y-o-Y? Definitely, we must be gaining significant counter 
share. So, what we are doing to drive that?  
 
And second is if you can break down the e-commerce channel, what percentage of 
business is coming from your own website, from the e-commerce channel, in the e-
commerce channel?  
Prashant Tripathy: 
Thank you, Nidesh. And greetings to you. I think we historically on the e-commerce 
channel, this you remember, we were always very good on protection. We have been 
number one protection for many years and that was our area of focus. However, our 
presence on saving space was quite limited, and we were like a fourth player if we 
were to add leaving some protection together. 
 
About a year, year and a half ago we decided that we need to be comprehensive, 
this is an area of growth. And if you look at our analyst presentations, you will find 
the number one initiative as being leader in the e-commerce space. So, we took 
tangible steps to consolidate our presence in the saving space, and that's been the 

 
Page 15 of 15 
 
key reason of our growth. Generally, we sell a combination of ULIP with non-PAR on 
e-commerce platforms. And over last few quarters, I think index-linked designs have 
been very famous or very popular, and that's driven our growth at e-commerce. 
 
On the direct website, that's something that we always try to rebalance, and my 
sense is we will have close about 30% to 35% of this sale actually comes from 
directly our website. 
Nidesh: 
So, that would also be a pretty large number, 30% of your e-commerce. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
Yes, it's growing. Both are growing quite rapidly. Both the aggregator space as well 
as our own website, both of them have grown remarkably.  
Amrit Singh:  
Yes, direct growth is up 90% and aggregators are also around 110%. So, both have 
grown quite handsomely. 
Nidesh: 
And from a product level margin perspective, if you sell through aggregator or if you 
sell through other channels, how differential is the product level margins? 
Prashant Tripathy: 
I think it comes similar, Nidesh. Honestly, it comes similar, not very different. Even 
coming to our website also requires investment in terms of generating traffic and 
search etc. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference back to the management team for closing comments. 
Amrit Singh: 
Thank you everyone for attending our Earnings Call. We continue to look forward to 
more such interactions and have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Max Financial Services Limited, that concludes 
the conference. Thank you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
