 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regd. Office: MGL House, Block G-33, Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
T + 91 22 6678 5000 | E info@mahanagargas.com | W www.mahanagargas.com | CIN L40200MH1995PLC088133 
An ISO 9001, 14001 & 45001 Certified Company 
 
Ref: MGL/CS/SE/2024/575  
 
 
 
                Date: October 30, 2024 
 
To,  
 
Head, Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited  
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 539957 
Head, Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra –Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: MGL 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and half year 
ended September 30, 2024 
 
 
This is in continuation to our letter dated October 21, 2024 and October 25, 2024 and 
pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’), read with Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, 
we submit herewith the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on October 25, 2024 
on the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results and operational 
performance of the Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024.  
 
The 
said 
transcript 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.mahanagargas.com:3000/Mahanagar%20Gas%20Q2FY25%20Earning
s%20Call%20Transcript_Final.pdf 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record.  
 
 
For Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
 
Atul Prabhu 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: a/a 
ATUL 
TRIMBAK 
PRABHU
Digitally signed 
by ATUL TRIMBAK 
PRABHU 
Date: 2024.10.30 
16:59:42 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHU SHINGHAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. SANJAY SHENDE – DEPUTY MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
MR. RAJESH PATEL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. RAJESH WAGLE – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
MARKETING 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PROBAL SEN – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Mahanagar Gas Q2 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing * and “0” on your touchphone telephone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Probal Sen from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Probal Sen: 
Thank you, Palak. Welcome, everyone, to the post Q2 FY '25 earnings call of Mahanagar Gas 
Limited. With us, we have members of the senior management, including Mr. Ashu Shinghal, 
Managing Director; Mr. Sanjay Shende, Deputy Managing Director; Mr. Rajesh Patel, Chief 
Financial Officer; and Mr. Rajesh Wagle, Senior Vice President of Marketing Division. 
 
Before starting the call, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature, and we do believe that expectations contained in 
the statements are reasonable. However, these statements do involve a number of risks and 
uncertainties that may lead to different results. So we urge you to consider that quarterly numbers 
are not a reflection of long-term trends or indication of full year results. 
 
With that said, I will now hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks, post 
which we will have a Q&A session. Over to you, sir. 
Management: 
Very good afternoon. I'm Ashu Shinghal. I'm Joined by my colleagues here. A very good 
afternoon to all the investors and posing confidence on the Mahanagar Gas Limited and all the 
analysts who are on this earning call of MGL for the second quarter of the financial year '24, 
'25. At the outset, I would like to thank you all for attending this call and wish you a very happy 
Diwali, an precious occasion for all of us and a prosperous new year in advance. 
 
MGL continues to create CGD infrastructure across its business segments in the license area. 
During the quarter, 58,845 domestic households were connected and thus, we have established 
connectivity for nearly 2.58 million households. We have laid 70.59 kilometers of steel and PE 
pipeline, taking the total length to over 7,124 kilometers. We also added 5 CNG stations during 
this quarter. And with this, we have 352 stations as on 30th September '24. We also have added 
99 industrial and commercial customers during this quarter. And therefore, as on 30th 
September, we have 4,920 industrial and commercial customers. 
 
In respect of our RA Raigarh GA, up to September, we have connected 83,364 domestic 
outsourced and 49 CNG stations, which are currently under operation. During the quarter, we 
have laid 10 kilometers of pipeline in Raigarh, thereby taking the total length to 433 kilometers. 
With respect to UEPL, that is Unison Enviro Private Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary, the 
company has added 7 CNG stations during this quarter and a total of 64 CNG stations as on 30th 
September. During the quarter, 1,890 domestic households were connected and accumulated 
household connections at 29,229 for UEPL and they have 59 industrial and commercial 
customers as on 30th September. 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 
We also commissioned first LNG station in Aurangabad in month of October under the joint 
venture company, which is Mahanagar LNG Private Limited. This LNG station was set up 
within 6 months from the availability of land, one of the fastest commissioning of LNG stations. 
 
Coming to MGL operations during the quarter. Overall average gas sales volume was -- for the 
Q2 of the current year compared to the corresponding Q2 in the previous year has increased to 
4.042 mmscmd from 3.575, which is an increase of 13.07%. Q2 volume consists of CNG volume 
of 2.886, Domestic PNG of 0.528 and 0.628 mmscmd was supplied to industrial and commercial 
segment. Compared to Q1 this year, overall sales volume for Q2 has increased by 4.75%. Current 
quarter EBITDA is INR399 crores compared to previous quarter EBITDA of INR418 crores. 
Net PAT is INR283 crores for this quarter as compared to INR285 crores in the previous quarter. 
 
Coming to UEPL during the quarter, company achieved an overall average sales volume of 0.164 
as against 0.168 mmscmd in the last quarter. The current quarter volume consists of CNG 
volume of around 0.152 and CNG volume of 0.012. Therefore, MGL as a consolidated entity 
has achieved total sales volume of the quarter of 4.206 mmscmd. 
 
On October 7 this year, MGL has entered an indicative and nonbinding term sheet with 
International Battery Company USA for setting up an EV battery cell manufacturing facility in 
India under proposed joint venture company, which is called International Battery Company 
Private Limited. The plant initial capacity is 1 GWh, which will be developed in 2 phases of 500 
MWh each. The proposed equity investment by MGL in the range of INR385 crores in this joint 
venture with the equity stake of approximately 40%. 
 
The Board has also approved the scheme of merger of Unison Enviro Private Limited with MGL. 
The scheme is subject to necessary statutory and regulatory approvals from NCLT and other 
regulatory authorities under applicable laws.  
MGL has been awarded 4 Golden Star under National Safety Council of India Safety rating for 
our occupational safety, health and environmental management system at CGS Mahape. 
 
With this, I conclude and would now like to open the floor for the questions. Thank you very 
much for your patience. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Amit Murarka from Axis Capital. 
Amit Murarka: 
My first question is on this APM gas allocation reduction. So I understand that there's a change 
in classification of the APM gas by ONGC, which has led to this. My thought was that if all the 
new production is going to come from -- I mean, it's going to come from the wells, which will 
be priced higher, does it mean that the $6.5 gas that comes to you will keep falling now every 
quarter from even the current levels? So could you just help understand that? 
Management: 
I mean the point is well taken that at a one point APM reduction has happened, but this is not a 
very regular phenomenon because maybe there are certain decisions and the government has 
taken a call for the onetime reduction. After this, it will be gradual on year-on-year basis. This 
is not expected to be sudden cut on the APM. 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Amit Murarka: 
No, but the new production that comes in will be from the newer wells, which do not qualify 
under the $6.5 gas. So even if you get the domestic gas, it will all be higher priced at, let's say, 
$9 or so. Is that understanding correct? 
Management: 
Yes, that is correct. Because the APM production is in 2 categories. One is the old wells and the 
second is new wells for which ONGC and other producers are putting more money into it. So as 
per Kirit Parikh recommendations and as per the guidelines approved by the cabinet, the new 
wells will qualify for a different price regime, which is around 12% of the Indian oil basket. So 
whatever new gas will be coming will be priced higher. But again, CGD is getting priority there 
also, like in HPHT. The full gas, which is available from new well will be allocated on CGD 
and priority before giving to other companies. 
Amit Murarka: 
Sure. You'll get the volume, but basically, it will be at a higher price then? 
Management: 
That's right. And HPHT volumes are also expected as and when they come on or the older 
contracts are expiring, that gas will come on the bidding. And there again, CGD will get the first 
priority. 
Amit Murarka: 
Right. But like I'm sure you must be taking this up with the ministry, but if, let's say, the gas 
price is going to go up consistently, and I mean, the blended gas cost because of the newer wells 
issue, how do you kind of stay competitive versus the liquid fuels and also kind of push LNG -- 
push gas into new markets? 
Management: 
So as I think MD said, whatever cut is there of that almost 50% will be available to CGD on a 
priority basis at 12% of the Indian crude basket, okay? That could be, as you said, maybe around 
$9 or so. So it will increase the weighted average cost to a certain extent definitely right now. 
So we will be attempting how do we optimize our cost by -- initially, we may have to blend spot, 
but we will slowly optimize by signing a mid-term contract. and we'll work upon how do we 
devise our long-term gas sourcing strategy so that -- and one more point I would like to bring is, 
yes, we were always prepared as a company or as a city gas industry also people are prepared 
that this is likely to go down. But yes, it has happened a little faster. 
 
So all of us are working on strategy in the long term, how do we have our sourcing contract 
strategy in place, which gives you an edge and our dependence reduces day by day on the APM, 
which was a scenario already known. But yes, the speed has with this cut slightly gone up. 
Management: 
Just to supplement that, since you asked how we would be placed against alternate fuel. 
Currently, our CNG prices are the lowest in the country. So by a corollary, the headroom which 
we have is more comfortable compared to what other people have. So that also helps a little bit. 
Management: 
Just one more point I would like to add on to what CFO and Rajesh Wagle has mentioned is that 
our gas, whatever we are getting new well gas is linked to oil-linked prices. And the alternate 
fuel for industrial and commercial is primarily linked to oil-linked prices. Plus CNG is 
competitive to petrol and diesel, which again is oil-linked prices. So obviously, there will be 
costly procurement in terms of APM allocations. But still, as far as we are concerned, our one-
to-one competition with the alternate fuels will be more in tandem. 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Amit Murarka: 
Sure. And just last question. Is there any baseline margin that you look to protect that not go 
below this? 
Management: 
Not be given a number that this is what we target, but general guidance, which we have given is 
INR10 to INR12 EBITDA per SCM, which we have still maintained. If you have even seen our 
Q2, still we are at around INR11 per SCM. So that margin, that range we expect to continue for 
some more time. And let us see how the prices vary of LNG and APM gas and Indian crude 
basket and petrol and diesel, plus we will keep an eye on the volume growth, which we think, as 
you might have seen in the results, the volume growth has picked up quite substantially in this 
particular quarter. 
 
And last year -- last quarter -- quarter-on-quarter, we had more than 2%. This year -- this quarter-
on-quarter, we have more than 4%. So the whole last year-on-year growth was 5.5%, whereas 
in 1 half yearly, we have seen a growth of 7%. So this has come out because we have launched 
CNG schemes also. Our prices are very competitive as compared to petrol and diesel. So it is a 
mix of all these factors that we will decide on the margins. It is not that we have a set number in 
our mind. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sabri Hazarika from Emkay Global. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
So a few questions. Firstly, I think the opex per SCMwas also higher during this quarter. So any 
particular reason or is it the normal run rate. 
Management: 
The operating expenses marginally higher, you're right, around INR0.25 per SCM, okay? There 
were 1 or 2 one-off items during the quarter. In case of employee cost, there was an actuarial 
valuation hit that has slightly increased in the quarter linked to revision in the gratuity policy of 
the company linked to income tax limit being increased from INR20 lakhs to INR25 lakhs. So 
that has given some increase. Also in this quarter, there was an ex gratia payment, which has 
been accounted. So these 2 items are costing maybe around INR7 crores, INR8 crores in a 
quarter, which is a one-off item. 
 
Apart from that, there were some costs booked on account of repair maintenance, we have taken 
up some aggressive repair maintenance and improvements in the network for monitoring the 
consumption geography-wise within GA, DRS-wise or so, so that we have a better control. And 
some small amounts have been spent at least in this quarter towards marketing or promoting the 
CNG vehicles, okay? So maybe our expenses on promotion of CNG will continue for some time 
to come. But these are some of the onetime initiatives to ensure the long-term volumes by 
capturing more and more vehicles and making these systems more robust. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Secondly, regarding this volume, it has been like 3 quarters now that your volume growth is very 
strong and you have always maintained the 6% of the guidance. So is there a relook into the 
guidance and also the fact that what exactly is driving so much of growth? And both CNG as 
well as industrial, I think both of them are growing very rapidly. In CNG you have said  the 
marketing schemes and all. But any other sector in industrial market and Industrial volume? 
Management: 
Industrial in the last couple of quarters, we have managed to add on some large volume 
customers. In fact, one of our largest volume customer has ramped up to his full volume 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
requirement in September. That happened in some phases. So these customers whom we have 
reached out and managed to connect in GA-2 and GA-3 especially, have contributed to this.  
And this is the outcome of almost a 1.5, 2-year initiative, which we have been pursuing by 
convincing these industries to switch from liquid fuel to gas by giving them a guaranteed 10% 
discount to FO, whatever fuel they burn. That has paid off -- started paying off, and that is giving 
a double-digit increase in industrial volume. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
So guidance remains same or is it now further up from 5%, 6%. 
Management: 
I mentioned earlier also, 5.5% was the overall volume growth year-on-year. This first half, we 
have clocked 7%. So our guidance was around 7%, 8% by the year-end. Now first half, we have 
around 7% growth on the volumes as of 31st  March this year and 30th  September this year. So 
by year-end, we expect another 2%, 3% to grow. So we will be touching around double-digit 
number for the year-end. And for next year, we'll see how it rolls out, but the momentum is there. 
 
As mentioned earlier that we have launched certain CNG Mahotsav, very recently once again. 
And we are promoting PNG also very aggressively in domestic and industrial and commercial. 
In fact, industrial and commercial has grown by more than 10% last year. And this year, again, 
we expect it to be in double digit. So these initiatives and competitive costs have made the fuel 
more viable for all the segments. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Okay. And a couple of bookkeeping questions. What was UEPL revenue and EBITDA for the 
quarter -- sorry, revenue and PAT? 
Management: 
Yes, for H1, it is around INR173 crores and EBITDA was in the range of around INR11 also. 
PAT INR6 crores for the quarter. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
APM allocation for the quarter was how much by percentage for MGL? 
Management: 
So 71% was the overall CNG and PNG, we were getting 105% as per the government policy. 
So CNG has come down in this last reallocation to around 57%, 58%. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
You mentioned 69% in Q1. So that has become 71% in Q2, but now it has gone down to 57%, 
58%. Is that right? 
Management: 
Overall APM, that is domestic plus CNG, both put together is around 71%, okay? And on an 
overall basis, around 16%, 17%. But if you consider only on CNG after allocating full 
requirement for domestic towards -- out of APM, then on only CNG when you consider it is 
20% down. 
Management: 
20% from the earlier allocation. Overall 13%, 14% down from earlier in absolute numbers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Tiwari from PhillipCapital. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Sir, my questions are partially answered, but just staying on that topic of deallocation of APM 
gas and how the strategy would evolve post that reallocation because as you also pointed out, 
this reallocation has just accelerated the change, which was already happening, right? So 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
essentially, it all boils down to how we are going to price the products I mean CNG particularly 
in order to maintain our growth and margin. 
 
So again, I mean, like we want to question you on do we maintain our -- are we going to maintain 
our guidance of 5% to 6% growth that we were looking at earlier and along with a margin of 
INR10 to INR12 because I mean, the way we look at it given this reallocation, a broad sense is 
that INR5 to INR6 revision in CNG price might be required for you to maintain the margin. 
 
And when that happens, I mean, the gap certainly closes with a petrol price and a lot more with 
the diesel price. So would that not impact conversion of vehicles and growth of volumes? And 
I mean, this is certainly a near-term problem. A corollary to that is that essentially, this change 
was any which was happening. So what's your strategy like 4 to 5 years down the line when your 
APM allocation would be really low and you would largely be dependent on imported gas or 
expensive gas. So how do you see the scenario panning out then? If you could throw some light 
on that, sir. 
Management: 
Your question is primarily divided into 2 parts. The first part is which we have already discussed 
that the volumes in this year has already touched 7% growth from 31st March of 2024. So in 6 
months, 7% growth is seen, which we were thinking about whole year 8% guidance was there. 
So in the remaining 6 months, we can see another growth of 3%, 4%. So we will be touching 
around more than 10% of growth for this particular year. 
 
Now coming to the long-term perspective, yes, you are right. APM will be definitely not 
available to the extent it is available right now. And we have sufficient legroom available, one, 
and we have our operational efficiencies coming in place. We have our assets which are slightly 
depreciated. We have volumes in our place. We are doing procurement efficiencies. We are 
going to different sources. 
 
We keep on examining what are the alternate available like Brent link, Henry Hub link, HPHT, 
Newville Gas, APM gas, which is not connected to the grid can get connected and that can get 
allocated to CGD. So overall, if you see, we have been selling CNG and PNG at the cheapest in 
the country. And we have some margins are also in the reasonable range of INR8 to INR12 or 
INR13. 
 
Now having said that, we don't think that we will not be able to manage these cuts in APM in 
the future. And as and when things roll out, it also depends how crude moves, how gas moves, 
what is the delta between the 2 and how the petrol and diesel supplies and how CNG -- because 
once the CNG vehicle is in, it is there to stay for 15 years. 
 
We don't expect that CNG vehicle will be sold out or whatever happens because see, petrol, 
again, there are projections about oil getting costlier and gas getting cheaper because gas several 
terminals are coming across the globe, mostly in Qatar is adding capacity. Australia has already 
added capacity. U.S. has already come on board. 
 
So we have a scenario where gas costs will be competitive as compared to oil prices. And so we 
feel that we will be able to manage, but it's very difficult that down 4 years down the line, what 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
will be the margin. So we can't predict anything on that. But nevertheless, we are prepared to 
have position in different scenarios which unfold over a period of time. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Fair enough. That's very helpful what you pointed out. We were just looking at it from the 
perspective back like once the gap really closes with petrol, I mean when your breakeven time 
period basically increases substantially and starts like inching closer to maybe a productive life 
of the vehicle. So I mean, correct me if I'm wrong, a CNG vehicle is about INR1.25 lakh costlier 
than a petrol vehicle, right? And essentially, the breakeven right now would be at about 4 or 5 
years roughly. So given the gap between CNG and petrol prices. I mean once this gap closes and 
your breakeven reaches 8, 9 years or more than that, then certainly, I mean, it doesn't make any 
sense to own a CNG vehicle. 
 
So like again, a second part to that question, would you also then start looking incrementally 
more at LNG as a sales product rather than focusing purely on CNG? And what is happening, 
sir, on the tax front? I mean we did hear some rumors or media bites during July about the price 
cut or possibly like inclusion of natural gas in GST. So any incremental development on that 
front, if you can throw some light on that aspect as well. 
Management: 
In the volume, let me respond first and while we see that it sustain in the coming years also. 
There are 3 primary sources from where the CNG volumes are coming. Number one, private 
cars, attributed OE. A lot of OEs now are pushing and encouraging and the percentage of CNG 
cars sold out or the total cars sold in the country is continuously increasing. Today for a new car 
buyer, CNG is offering almost 50% lower fuel cost compared to petrol today’s price. Tomorrow 
even if that goes down to 40% or 30%, there still remains a substantial incentive to CNG. This 
is about the private car segment. 
 
Second is volume from three wheelers. Savings are very attractive. The last segment where we 
are getting traction, especially in the last few months is the commercial goods vehicles and 
especially in the intermediate and heavy commercial goods vehicle segment. And we are -- even 
though the competition there is diesel, we are targeting those segments by giving very attractive 
discounts, fuel cards, etcetera. incentives in the favor the transport or the buyer. 
 
So we still believe that there is enough of a long growth runway to maintain this 6%, 7% or 
whatever, even in the head of a fuel pricing challenges, which are, again, these are commodities, 
there will be times when they'll move one way, there will be times when they move the other 
way. But the volume growth will be there  without too much of a problem. 
Management: 
Coming to your 2 questions, which you mentioned right now that the one that CNG vehicles 
cost versus petrol vehicle, there is. So there are different costs involved in different segments. If 
we talk about passenger vehicle, the delta could be in the range of INR50,000, INR60,000 from 
petrol versus CNG. If you go to commercial vehicles or heavy segment of around 18 tons, 20 
tons trucks and the delta could be in the range of INR3 lakh, INR4. So in bikes, it is different. 
In 3-wheelers, it is different. 
 
So the payback also depends on the running of the vehicle. If it is a commercial vehicle, the 
payback could be less than a year. If it is a passenger vehicle, the payback could be as long as 3 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
years. But definitely, it is not in the range of 8 years. And over a period of time, if you see the 
history back in 10 years also, the CNG and petrol delta has been maintained quite substantially 
over a period of time despite fluctuations in both petrol versus CNG prices or oil versus LNG 
prices. So going forward also, we think a substantial delta should be available at least in petrol 
vehicles. 
 
In case of diesel vehicles, the technology is improving, the infrastructure is improving. And we 
are funding, as Rajesh correctly mentioned, that part of the upfront capex we are funding for 
diesel commercial vehicles. And also, we are promoting retrofit of the diesel or diesel in 
commercial vehicles from diesel to CNG because in Mumbai, after 8 years, you can't run a 
commercial vehicle on diesel in the municipal limits.  
So they necessarily either have to sell those vehicles or take it as -- either we have to sell those 
vehicles outside Maharashtra or they have an option to retrofit it. And in case of retrofit, we are 
funding 50% of that cost. That's a very good incentive for the owner of the truck because here, 
trucks are sometimes owned by a single person, and it's not a very big fleet. So they are very 
sensitive to the price. And if it gives a delta of around 15% to 20% also over diesel, they will be 
more than happy to continue with CNG. 
 
The other part related to excise cut and GST, this has been under discussion for quite some time. 
GST, again, is a GST conscious subject and the excise cut was talked about during the budget 
also. So let us wait. If that happens, it will be very good for the industry. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yogesh Patil from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Thanks for taking my questions. Sir, as you mentioned, the EBITDA margin guidance of INR10 
to INR12 and we are still waiting for the CNG price hike, which is due. So this guidance is 
considering the CNG price hike or without CNG price hike? That's one. 
Management: 
See, EBITDA margins right now, we have INR11 for the half year basis. Now we have still 6 
months to go. What we are doing is we are evaluating all the options of getting the gas at the 
cheapest price. Also, we are taking operational efficiencies, the volume efficiencies are with us. 
So we will see, but INR10 to INR12 guideline is still we can maintain. We hope that we will be 
able to maintain it. But even if it is certain hit has to be taken to maintain the volumes and to 
maintain the price stability for giving confidence to the customer, we will always be for it. But 
as of now, we think INR10 to INR12 is the margins after considering the allocation cuts. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Sir, quickly reframe my question. Suppose we do not pass on the gas cost to the consumer, what 
kind of hit will come to our gross margin level overall basis because of this reduction in APM 
gas allocation? Any ballpark number if you have? 
Management: 
See, the point is industrial and commercial any which way are going from LNG contracts, which 
we do have. The PNG is getting 100% allocation. The main effect on the deallocation is on CNG 
segment. As we said earlier, we are trying to figure out that how the cost gas can be procured at 
different sources. We are also going for procurement tenders. The rate discovered will determine 
about how we can -- how much we can retain with ourselves and how much we have to pass on. 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
And what is the volume growth we want to see, what is the EBITDA margins, which is in the 
comfortable range. 
 
It is not a very strict range, that INR10 to INR12 is some sequent number. It is just a guidance. 
It can go up or it can go down also, depending on the cost of procurement of gas because we 
will be floating the tenders. There will be gas which will be coming on HPHT, there is gas, 
which is on new well gas, which further will be enhanced on the exchange. Then there is IGX, 
then there is Brent link contracts, there are Henry Hub link contracts. then the spot is available. 
So all these things are very dynamic in nature. So as I said that we are still comfortable with 
INR10 to INR12, but it can vary slightly up or down as a few months go by and we get more 
clarity on what the procurement cost is. 
Yogesh Patil: 
So sir, during the quarter, how many CNG vehicles are added? And if possible, please provide 
a breakup of vehicle additions in terms of the taxis, 3-wheeler and personal cars. And if you 
have any updates on the 2-wheeler additions, that would be helpful. 
Management: 
In the quarter, we have added 23,000 vehicles, around 15,000 are private cars, 6,000 are 3-
wheelers and rest are all put together, small commercial vehicle and few MSRTC buses are there, 
taxis are there. Two-wheelers, around 1,200 2-wheelers have been added this quarter, which as 
Bajaj has launched. So if you see the whole year, last year, we have added 77,000 vehicles. And 
now this half year itself, we have touched around 44,000 vehicles.  
So we have seen a traction. But more than the absolute numbers, what is more typical is the 
commercial vehicles, which are getting added because each commercial vehicle can take much 
more CNG volume as compared to, say, 3-wheeler addition. So I mean, we are very hopeful. 
And the 2-wheelers are again a new segment which has opened up for CNG. And 2-wheeler 
running cost is almost 40% of a petrol 2-wheeler. So this we find is a segment which is going to 
attract some volumes going forward, maybe 2 years, 3 years down the line. Anything, Rajesh, 
you want to add?  
Management: 
No, volume addition we have been seeing has been maintaining momentum. And with the 
relaunch of our incentives for commercial goods vehicles in this month, October, we are hopeful 
of seeing the momentum continue. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Sir, lastly capex during the quarter and planned capex for FY '25-26’? 
Management: 
Half year capex has been a little more than INR400 crores, and we maintain our capex in the 
range of INR800 crores to INR900 crores depending on availability of pipeline laying 
permissions, availability of plots for setting up CNG stations, etcetera. So we are confident that 
we will do around INR800 crores. If things move positive, we'll be more than that also. As far 
as budget is concerned, we are geared up to do around INR1000 crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirmal Gore from Aditya Birla AMC. Please 
go ahead. 
Nirmal Gore: 
My question is about the APM gas reallocation. Just wanted to know why there was a sudden 
reallocation done because considering the fact that the allocation towards CGD was any which 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
was declining, but the sudden decline of 20%. I just wanted to know why this was done, what 
was the rationale? And in addition to that, if you could throw some light on where this APM gas 
has been diverted? 
Management: 
I think we are not the right agency to answer this question in particular because the government 
at a macro level looks at all these aspects about where to allocate the gas at what price. So pricing 
and allocation is a prerogative of the ministry. So we don't want to comment much on it, and we 
don't have really to what the information about where it has been allocated and why it has been 
allocated to any segment. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hemang Khanna from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. 
Hemang Khanna: 
Sir, again, just going back to the APM allocation. I wanted to get a sense on the raw material 
side, following the cut and with the sourcing efficiencies you're currently employing, what is 
your current increase in raw material prices or gas sourcing currently? And a follow-up to that 
is that do you -- what is the view that -- do you believe that you'll be allowed to fully pass on the 
impact of the higher input cost to consumers? We appreciate that you're the lowest cost CNG 
provider in the country right now. But even in that landscape, will you be allowed to fully pass 
on this impact to consumers? 
Management: 
There are two parts of it. One that you mentioned about what is the cost impact or procurement 
cost impact. So that we are still working out. As I mentioned earlier also, we are -- we will be 
going to quote for some inquiries, get the rates from the market about Brent, HPHT gas, New 
Well gas. So that portfolio will be determined depending on the bids we receive maybe next 
month or so. And then we will take a call on what will be the procurement cost. 
 
Coming to your question on the ability to pass on, I think that question is very well understood 
by the market that it's an independent decision of the Board of the company or the delegated 
powers of the Board of the company to decide on pricing, depending on the alternate fuel price, 
cost of procurement, operational costs, our volumes and the margins which we want to have and 
overall strategies of the company.  
So I don't think we are under any compulsion to pass on or not to pass on. It is a pure business 
decision taken by each individual company. Also depends on what the other CGD entities are 
doing, what is the price in the adjacent geographical areas, what are the volumes. All those things 
are taken into consideration before taking a call on price hike or price reduction. 
Hemang Khanna: 
Got it, sir. Got it. And just as a second question, what do you -- what are the current volumes 
which are currently in the network? 
Management: 
It's around 4.05 mmscmd for the whole quarter, Q2. And on a year-on-year basis, it is 3.95 for 
the whole half year basis as compared to 3.6 for the financial year -- full financial year '23-'24 
and 3.5% for H1 of the last financial year. So we have seen a growth of around 13% on Q2 of 
last financial year versus Q2 of this. So you see the amount of effort we are putting to make the 
volume grow.  

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
And that is one of the main reasons that we decide on when to price or pass on the price or not 
to pass on the price because the customer has to be given a very comfort that their interests are 
protected. A person who takes a decision to purchase a CNG vehicle or a diesel vehicle or a 
petrol vehicle is very critical for the company because then he is hooked up for 15 years with 
the fuel. So therefore, those decisions are taken by -- as a business decision by the company. 
Like we have launched this CNG 2 Mohotsav scheme, which almost subsidized or pass on the 
50% cost to the -- is taken by the company to make sure that the more volumes are attracted.  
Hemang Khanna: 
Got it, sir. No, definitely. Your volume trajectory in the past few quarters has been exceptional, 
and that's clearly visible. Just as a last bookkeeping question, could you just help with the 
EBITDA for UEPL I missed that? 
Management: 
EBITDA for UEPL. Around INR10 per SCM EBITDA. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kartik from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Kartik: 
I had one question on what do you think is the current discount versus diesel in percentage terms? 
And based on your experience, what is the level of discount that you think customers are finding 
so that your volumes are not impacted? 
Management: 
Currently, the discount level is at about 16% or 17% to diesel. And we have empirically in the 
past, we have seen that as long as the discount levels are in 15% to 25% kind of a range, the 
traction continues and we get a continuous stream of new vehicles, new CNG vehicles and 
conversions. So while we are at a lower discount level, but there is still -- it's still in a do able 
range. And again, the discount to diesel is relevant in commercial vehicles where the competition 
is diesel. For the private car and for the auto rikshaw or 2-wheelers, or et cetera, the competition 
is petrol, where there is a very large incentive anyway for the customers. 
 
To offset this relatively low discount and to promote heavy commercial vehicles, we have 
restarted this incentive scheme. But if you look at the sale number of our small or light 
commercial vehicles, that remains at 1,000 plus, and that has not got impacted by lowering of a 
discount from, I think, 1 or 2 quarters back, it would have been about 19%. Now it is down to 
16%, but we haven't seen any decrease in adoption because of that. 
Management: 
And the petrol discount to petrol is around 45% to 50% range, between 47%, 48%. So there is a 
substantial delta for attracting petrol vehicles. Now just keep in mind, there are several other 
things which are happening when a person decides to take CNG or petrol or any other vehicle is 
that a lot of infrastructure is getting added up. Typically, we have been adding around 25 stations 
every year. This year, combined with UEPL, we expect to add 85 to 90 stations this year still. 
 
So OE models are available and there's a lot of choice, even original equipment manufacturing 
like Tatas and others, Marutis are very aggressive about promoting CNG vehicles. They are 
redesigning their vehicles. More and more CNG stations were added up by other CGD 
companies also. So the whole highway is getting created. What I want to say is that the whole 
ecosystem over the last three decades for CNG vehicles have been created. So we want to take 
-- make sure that this ecosystem is maintained properly for next few years, at least make sure 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
that the volume growth is maintained and proper delta can be arranged or tweaked to make sure 
that the volume growth happens. 
Kartik: 
And just to follow up, do you think customers care more about the running cost or the overall 
cost -- like the upfront cost that they have to bear in this, CNG versus petrol. 
Management: 
As we just discussed some time back, there are 2 type of users. One that private car owners, if 
they purchase a vehicle, they see 2 things: one, that convenience to fill CNG and second, how 
much they run, what is the operational efficiency. Typically, private cars don't run too much. So 
their payback is high. For commercial vehicles, if the CNG is available, they have to be 
competitive in the market. That type of pressure is not there in private vehicles.  
So for remaining competitive, they will always go for a cheaper running fuel. They typically 
take account the total cost of ownership and running kilometers is very important for a 
commercial vehicle. And therefore, the delta also is not very significant because if you see the 
life of the vehicle for 15 years, 20 years, then this original -- the upfront capex can be quickly 
payback in 1.5 years or less than a year for a commercial vehicle. So the decision point is what 
is the delta between diesel and CNG or petrol and CNG for a commercial vehicle. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Handa from Citi Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Saurabh Handa: 
Sir, my first question is just on this APM allocation cut. Now the perception is that the CGD 
sector has been singled out and bearing the brunt of this whole reallocation to, say, ONGC 
petrochemical plant. Now in your discussions with the government and the ministry, do you get 
a sense that there is indeed a shift in their stance towards the priority for the sector? Or this is 
just something which needs to happen and a sort of one-off. And if it was a one-off, then why 
not do a pro rata cut across sectors why just the CGD sector? 
Management: 
I think, again, this was asked some time back. There are -- I mean, this is a government's 
prerogative at the macro level that what type of allocation and what pricing they give. If you see, 
it is not one single point which you can single out and take as a general -- I mean, general 
consensus about it. You have to look at last 15 years or so. The CGD sector has been promoted 
over a period of time. The first priority has also been given to CGD. The HPHT gas allocation 
was given to CGD. The APM prices were readjusted once we found that LNG prices have gone 
over the roof in terms of war and corona times. 
 
So it's not that one decision can be taken as a general guidance for what the priorities have shifted 
or not. Anyway, we are not the party to decide those things. And we don't think that those are 
the things which we can take as a general guiding for the future also because the first priority to 
CGD is still there as far as the government guidance is concerned. 
Saurabh Handa: 
Okay, sir. Fair enough. Sir, my second question is on the recent exclusivity, whatever end of 
exclusivity notices that have been sent by the PNGRB. Now in that, I think all 3 GAs of laws 
are covered. So what -- could you talk us through if there are any implications of this? Or would 
this again be subject to legal challenges, etcetera? 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Management: 
I think if you have seen the public notice which PNGRB has taken out maybe yesterday, there 
are 73 geographical areas, which have been called for the consultation. And if you have gone 
through that notice, it says that the matter is subjudice and the court has asked -- I mean, they 
have given the freedom to PNGRB to go for consultation. But if any action is to be taken, that 
needs to be checked through the court in case it is having any adverse impact on the CGD. So it 
is the prerogative of the regulator to move ahead with the procedure, any which way the 
regulation allows for going for exclusivity. 
 
So as has been discussed earlier also, exclusivity is a beneficial thing for all the sector also. We 
are not against it.  
Only as a matter of fact, the matter is subjudice because if exclusivity is ending, there is an 
opportunity for us to go to other geographical areas to work upon. So we have a market to work 
with. And since our GAs will be covered, so we will be getting paid for the infrastructure cost 
plus certain returns on it. So it's not a thing which we are very much afraid of as such. But 
anyway, the matter is subjudice, so we don't want to comment on that. What PNGRB is doing is 
very well within their rights and they are doing for the growth of the sector. We are very much 
for it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir just wanted to understand your perspective on the previous question. Sir, do we see the Indian 
CGD ecosystem or the gas pipeline ecosystem going towards a common carrier over the next 
few years, whereby we would receive some kind of rental or for the -- our infrastructure 
utilization by different players. So on that front from can you thrown some light.  
Management: 
I think if we are talking about main gas grid, it is already on common carrier basis. When we 
talk about CGD, there are two types of exclusivity under that. One is infrastructure exclusivity, 
which is for a period of 25 years, and there is a provision in the act to go for 10 years extension 
after the expiry of 25 years. So across the globe also, we have seen that the infrastructure 
exclusivity is maintained in terms of geographical area, there cannot be two parties who build 
the physical infrastructure. 
 
Now coming to marketing exclusivity, as discussed earlier also, the matter is subjudice. There 
is a provision in the regulation, that 5 to 8 years' time is given for ending of marketing exclusivity 
since the matter is under subjudice. So we don't know when it will end. If you say 2 years, 3 
years, we can't say it is 2 years, 3 years or. It's very difficult to give any numbers when the court 
case will be decided and in which manner or fashion it will be decided. So let us wait for that 
and see how it rolls out. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay. Sir, my next question was, sir, how APM gas allocation decided between different CGD? 
Is it based on the number of GA that a particular CGD has or has the marketing rights to or how 
is it decided in the CGD ecosystem? 
Management: 
It is not on number of GAs. It is based on, one, that it is done on unbiased manner. Second, it is 
done on the availability and the demand. And third, it is in the last month. We are assuming 100 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
units in the last month. Next month, all the demand is aggregated, all the availability is 
aggregated and then it is divided. The percentage cut is applied to all the CGD entities 
irrespective of or number of GAs. 
Madhur Rathi: 
So basically, like how much volume your station can offtake will determine how much APM 
gas you can bid for? Is that understanding right? 
Management: 
No, it is actual average consumption of the last month. 
Management: 
Last quarter. 
Management: 
Last quarter, not -- sorry, I'm corrected. It is not month. It is the last quarter average consumption 
is taken as the base figure that is the demand aggregation of all CGD entities and the availability 
projections are then taken and demand divided by availability.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kirtan Mehta from BOB Capital Markets. 
Please go ahead. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Thank you sir for the opportunity. One question to understand about the sort of our vehicle pool. 
Would you be able to sort of divide it into two pools where the vehicles use typically 30 
kilometers, 40 kilometers of run every day and the one which have the significantly higher run 
of 100 kilometer plus. Is it possible to give some approximate number? 
Management: 
Are you saying 30 kilometers, 40 kilometers or 80 kilometers? -- there are different -- I mean, 
passenger vehicles run maybe 40 kilometers to 50 kilometers in a day, whereas commercial 
vehicle will run around 200 kilometers a day or maybe more than that. 
Management: 
And it depends on the class of vehicles. If you take, let's say, Uber or Ola, it may run 150 
kilometers a day also. A typical MSRTC bus would run about 400 kilometers in a day. 
Management: 
Commercial vehicles? 
Management: 
Commercial goods -- again, it will depend on the class of vehicle. If it's a small light commercial 
vehicle doing, from Bhiwandi  warehouses to city two, three trips a day, it may be about 80, 100 
kilometers a day. 
Management: 
And heavy commercial vehicles run maybe 300 kilometers a day. 
Management: 
The highway -- the vehicles that run on the highway typically run hundreds of kilometers a day. 
Private individual vehicles, typically, the per capita is a bit lower because they mainly use it for 
commuting, et cetera. 
Management: 
And even 3-wheelers run 100 kilometers a day. 
Management: 
Yes, 3-wheelers also run about 80, 100 kilometers a day. 
Management: 
Is that the question was or something else? 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Kirtan Mehta: 
The way I wanted to understand was how much percentage of our CNG consumption will be 
coming from the higher usage vehicle, which would be less impacted by -- or which would be 
subjected to sort of the price change in the CNG. Would it be something like a 40%, 50% of the 
CNG consumption exposed to that very sensitive to price change? 
Management: 
No, no, look. Once the vehicle is on CNG, the vehicle has to run with -- by CNG. It doesn't have 
any other choice. So typically, if the discount decreases or CNG price increases, et cetera, what 
tends to happen is incremental addition of new vehicles, growth rate starts dipping a bit. 
Management: 
Just to add to what Rajesh said is that diesel vehicle, there is no choice. In petrol vehicles, there 
is a choice that they can run on petrol or CNG like small passenger vehicles, they can run on 
either petrol or CNG. But for a diesel vehicle for a heavy truck, if it is converted to CNG or if it 
is an OE truck, then it can run only on CNG. They don't have choice to switch back to diesel or 
petrol, small commercial vehicles also. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Yes, I do understand that. But basically, if at all, the savings enjoyed by the existing vehicle goes 
down, typically the addition also goes down because of the sentiment. So how much percentage 
of the pool would be basically in that category? 
Management: 
It's a very small number. The commercial vehicles and heavy commercial vehicles and buses, 
they are as far as overall numbers are concerned, very smaller number. But the vehicle per capita 
consumption is high in commercial vehicle. 
Management: 
They would not be contributing more than about 12% to 15% of our overall CNG sales. A big 
chunk of the CNG sales comes from private cars, taxis and auto riskshaws. They transport 
undertaking put together would be about 7% or 8% of the overall CNG sales. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Another question was about basically, we understand that short-term allocation of the new well 
gas has been given up to the 31st March '25. So what is the allocation that we have got for the 
short term till 31st March? Is it 50% of the APM requirement that we lost? 
Management: 
Not exactly. We will come back to you on this number, but new well gas, we have also bidded 
and there more gas is expected to come online. So we are waiting for that also. But we did not 
get the full quota of new well what we quoted for. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Sure. And the last question was about the industrial and commercial. We are seeing very good 
growth in this segment. So against sort of the volume that we have agreed, how much percentage 
is already sort of ramped up to? And what is the balance that can come over the next year or so? 
Management: 
We are expecting low double-digit growth to continue for at least another year or 1.5 years in 
the industrial segment. 
Ashu Shinghal: 
Industrial and commercial put together, we got 12% growth last year and maybe 10% to 12% 
this year. So the sourcing of this volume is already done by us in terms of some contracts of 
LNG. 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Management: 
We have signed contracts of new industries for a pretty good volume, which we will be 
connecting in the coming construction season or the ongoing construction season and next year. 
So that will contribute to adding new volumes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Equities. Please go 
ahead. 
Ramesh: 
So if you were to look at your plan to acquire that 40% stake in international battery, can you 
take us through what is in it for you in terms of your long-term business plan in that business? 
What is the kind of size and the profitability of this company? And can you tie in with some 
numbers, whichever you can share in terms of how it would help you generate the return on that 
investment? 
Management: 
I think this is an opportunity which has come out from the strategy of the company to diversify 
into, say, non-fossil fuel segment also. We want to have at least 20%, 25% revenue bottom line 
on non-fossil diversified new areas. So as a matter of fact, we explored several opportunities and 
one such opportunity was there that we are going to set up a new battery manufacturing 
company, which is a cell manufacturing company.  
And this will be -- I mean, one of the first in India because as per our understanding goes, all 
cells are getting imported in India through China, Korea and other places across the globe. What 
Indian companies are doing is importing the cells and packaging them to make the battery pack. 
So this will be one of the first company or maybe one of the few companies to start cell 
manufacturing in India. 
 
The size will be -- to start with, we will have 1 gigawatt factory and it can be scaled up to 5 
gigawatt factory in at least 2, 3 years' time. We will see the performance of first gigawatt. It's a 
Korean partner company -- U.S.-based company, which is -- which we have joint ventured with 
and they have set up a plant -- pilot plant in Korea. The project is out and it is being tested in 
Indian road condition also. The capex size in the first phase will be around INR850 crores and 
for Phase 2, it will be around INR3,500 crores.  
The revenue once we have 5 gigawatts will be in the range of around INR4,000 crores at the top 
line and maybe INR700 crores, INR800 crores on the bottom line. So it's a good segment. Also 
depends on what is the duty structure which the government gives because government is 
promoting a lot of Make in India campaign. And also since almost 80% batteries are getting 
imported from China. So we feel that there is a likelihood to put duty on Chinese imports, 
especially in battery segment that will further increase the profitability of the venture.  
So it depends on the product, the type of quality which we produce, the type of chemistry, the 
acceptability, the rate of production and so on and so forth. So it's a newer area for us, a new 
venture for us, and we are very optimistic and excited about this whole opportunity. And if it 
makes sense, then it can be a good game changer for the company. 
Ramesh: 
So in terms of the time line, when do you expect to finalize a shareholder agreement and get 
started on this project? And what is the execution timeline? 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Management: 
It's a non-binding agreement which we have signed, and we expect to close this signing of SHA 
in a few months' time from now. 
Ramesh: 
Okay. So on the LNG retailing business what is the kind of road map you have for, say, 2 years, 
3 years or you already talked about adding some stations. And we know that you are doing a 
certain amount of volume in your Savroli station. So when do you see some kind of critical mass 
in the LNG retail outlet in terms of number of stations and LNG volumes? And how much do 
you think it can add to your top line and bottom line, say, in 2 years to 3 years? 
Management: 
It's very nascent stage. Right now, in India, around 17, 18 retail outlets are working of LNG. 
One is Savroli which we have already commissioned from MGL. And very recently, a few days 
back, we commissioned another station from Mahanagar LNG which is a joint venture company 
of MGL at Aurangabad. Now next 2 years, there will be several stations which are coming on 
board from MLPL and from other parties like GAIL. IOC, OMCs, Spectranet and so on and so 
forth. 
 
So what we think that LNG infrastructure is -- I mean, the puzzles are solved in terms of 
regulations, in terms of safety standards, in terms of technology, in terms of OEs coming up, in 
terms of retail outlets coming up, in terms of giving some discount to diesel. And also, if we 
have to see the environmental impact, if we have to replace diesel, there are very few alternates 
available and one such good alternate is LNG because LNG one fill can take you to 1,000 
kilometers run.  
And if we talk about electric vehicles on long haul or heavy commercial vehicles, it is not 
feasible considering the very prohibitive capex, the range anxiety, the charging time and the 
weight of the battery and the replacement of the battery in a period of time. Again, hydrogen is 
10 years, 15 years down the line, then you have to have green electricity to produce 60 units of 
units to produce 1 kg of hydrogen, again burn it or uses a fuel cell to run the hydrogen, create 
the whole ecosystem technology adaptability, infrastructure. So we think if we have to go for 
net zero compliances and almost 3% of commercial vehicle is emitting 35% of carbon CO2 
emissions in the transport sector by heavy commercial vehicles to commercial vehicles. That is 
the segment which LNG is trying. 
 
Maybe in 2 years down the line, if we see MGL, we will have good numbers because more and 
more ecosystem is getting ready. More OEs will be coming, more customers will be ready to 
reduce their carbon footprint. And we, as a company, find that LNG will be a good segment to 
work on. Exact numbers will depend on how many number of stations we put up, how much 
volume we are able to attract, but it will not be very substantial in the overall scheme of things 
in terms of revenue and profitability for at least 2, 3 years. But down the line, 5, 6 years, it can 
be a substantial number. 
Ramesh: 
So when you talked about the growth outlook in the second half, you said additional 3%. Are 
you talking about a 10% volume growth in the second half? How should we read that? 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Management: 
No, no, no. I think -- let me make it clear. 7% growth we have achieved from 31st March '24 till 
30th September. So if we talk year-on-year from 31st  April '24 till 31st  April '25, it will be 10%, 
7% plus 3%. 
Ramesh: 
So for the full year, it is 10%. That's what you are saying. 
Management: 
That's right. 
Moderator: 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Probal Sen from ICICI Securities Limited 
for closing comments. 
Probal Sen: 
Thank you, Palak. Thank you very much for all the attendees as well as the management for 
taking their precious time out and taking an extended time beyond the said time to answer all 
the questions with as much details as they could. Wishing everybody and their loved ones a very 
Happy Diwali. From the management side, sir, any closing remarks you would want to make. 
Otherwise, we'll cut the call. 
Management: 
Thank you so much, Probal and all the investors who have joined and taken time out to have this 
conference. Wishing you again and your family a very Happy Diwali and a New Year, 
prosperous New Year. Thank you so much. 
Probal Sen: 
Thank you, everyone. You may exit the call now. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
(This document has been edited for improving readability) 
 
 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
 
Registered Address: MGL House, G-33 Block,   
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),   
Mumbai – 400051, Maharashtra  
 
  
 
Contact details: investorrelations@mahanagargas.com  
Website: www.mahanagargas.com   
CIN: L40200MH1995PLC088133  
 
