 October 28, 2024 
BSE Limited  
Floor 25, P.J. Tower 
Dalal Street, Fort  
Mumbai - 400 001  
Scrip Code: 543271 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza  
Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E)  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Trading Symbol: JUBLINGREA  
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of the Investors’ Conference Call for the quarter and 
half-year ended September 30, 2024 
Dear Sirs, 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose the transcript of Investors’ Conference Call for 
un-audited standalone and consolidated financial results for the quarter and half-year ended September 
30, 2024, held on October 22, 2024. 
The link to access the transcript of the earnings conference call is given below: 
https://www.jubilantingrevia.com/Uploads/files/15q2consfileEarningsCallTranscript-Q2FY25.pdf 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you,  
  Yours faithfully,  
  For Jubilant Ingrevia Limited  
Deepanjali Gulati  
   Company Secretary 
DEEPANJA
LI GULATI
Digitally signed by 
DEEPANJALI 
GULATI 
Date: 2024.10.28 
12:30:16 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 20 
 
List of Management Attendees 
 
1. Mr. Shyam Bhartia, Chairman 
2. Mr. Deepak Jain, CEO and Managing Director 
3. Mr. Varun Gupta, CFO – Jubilant Ingrevia Limited  
4. Mr. Arvind Chokhany, Group CFO, Jubilant Bhartia Group 
5. Mr. Pavleen Taneja, Head –  Investor Relations, Jubilant Ingrevia Limited 
 
External Participants during Q&A session 
 
1. Siddharth Gadekar – Equirus 
2. Gokul Maheshwari – Awriga Capital Advisors LLP 
3. Rohan Gupta – Nuvama Institutional Equities 
4. Nitesh Dhoot – Dolat Capital 
5. Gaurav – Invesco Enterprises 
6. Malay Sameer – Breakthroughs in Stock Market 
7. Dhruv Muchhal – HDFC Asset Management 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
 
Jubilant Ingrevia Limited 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
October 22, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Jubilant Ingrevia's Q2 FY'25 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing 
“*” and then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pavleen Taneja, Head of Investor Relations 
at Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Taneja. 
Pavleen Taneja: 
Thank you, Dorwin. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining our Q2 of 
Financial Year 2025 Earnings Conference Call of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. 
I would like to remind you that some of the statements made on the call today could 
be forward-looking in nature and a detailed disclaimer in this regard has been 
included in the press release and result presentation that has been shared on our 
website. 
On the call today, we have Mr. Shyam Bhartia – Chairman, Mr. Deepak Jain – CEO 
and Managing Director, Mr. Varun Gupta – CFO, Jubilant Ingrevia Limited and Mr. 
Arvind Chokhany – Group CFO, Jubilant Bhartia Group. 
I now invite Mr. Shyam Bhartia to share his comments. Over to you, sir. 
Shyam Bhartia: 
Thank you, Pavleen. A very good evening to everyone. Thank you for joining us on 
the Q2 of the Financial Year 2025 Earnings Conference Call of Jubilant Ingrevia 
Limited. 

 
Page 3 of 20 
 
We are pleased to announce a healthy quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year growth for 
the quarter, fueled by enhanced performance of our Speciality Chemical and 
Nutrition, Health and Solutions business, as well as the advantages gained from cost 
savings measures implemented over the last few quarters. 
Let me share the Overall Market Update with you all: 
Globally, the chemical markets are gradually improving in 2024, with volume 
showing marginal growth over last year and we are witnessing the same in our 
businesses. 
The Pharmaceutical End-Use segment continues to experience steady demand 
supported by stable pricing and volume placements. Our Pharma folio in Fine 
Chemicals reflects the sentiments. We continue to face pressure in Acetyls’ 
business though due to low demand in the Paracetamol segment. 
The Agrochemical sector is beginning to show some signs of improvement. The 
excess inventory situation gradually is resolving and the volumes recovering in 
pyridine-based products. We are optimistic that a steady recovery will continue 
over the coming quarters. 
In the Nutrition Segment, Demand remains steady with Niacinamide volumes 
showing an upward trend and prices rising during the quarter. Meanwhile, the 
demand for choline remains stable, although the pricing pressure continued due to 
high imports. 
Let me talk about our Business Update: 
In Speciality Chemical business, we saw notable increase in volumes of high margin 
in Fine Chemicals business in both quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year. The Pyridines 
and Picolines segment showed material year-on-year growth driven by higher 
volumes. The CDMO business continues to show good traction with customers 
across pharma, Agrochemicals and semiconductor segments although at an early 
stage. 
In the Nutrition and Health Solutions business, significant year-on-year, quarter-on-
quarter growth was driven by increased volumes and prices of Niacinamide. Margin 
growth was boosted by a better product mix and a higher share of volumes versus 
last quarter from human grade products. 

 
Page 4 of 20 
 
In Chemical Intermediates Business, quarter-on-quarter growth was attributed to 
an increase in volumes of Ethyl Acetate and Acetic Anhydride. However, year-on-
year performance declined mainly due to lower prices. 
We are excited to share that we have signed a five-year agreement with the 
multinational agro innovators to produce key intermediate for one of the strategic 
Agrochemicals. Jubilant Ingrevia will manufacture the intermediate using the 
MNC's proprietary technology. As a result of this contract, the company anticipates 
a significant increase in overall revenue share from its Agrochemical CDMO 
business post commencement of production. 
We are glad to announce that our inclusion in the prestigious Global Lighthouse 
Network (GLN) of the World Economic Forum (WEF). The WEF has recognized 
Jubilant Ingrevia Limited’s Bharuch manufacturing facility as a Global 
Manufacturing Lighthouse, making us only Indian company to achieve this 
distinction in this cohort. Over the last few years, we have made significant 
investments to digitally transform our plants and results are evident in enhanced 
efficiency, environmental performance and safety measures. We are grateful to the 
WEF for their ongoing partnership in this journey. 
Now, let me share few details of our Future Outlook: 
We expect to see improvement in our overall business performance in FY'25, 
particularly within Speciality Chemical and Nutrition and Health Solutions business 
segments. Consistent with the last few quarters, our primary focus remains on 
customer centricity, utilizing the newly commissioned plants, enhancing 
operational efficiency, leading to further improvement in margins. We expect 
sequential improvement in the performance in Q3 and Q4 with H2 FY'25 to be even 
better versus H1 FY'25. 
We are committed to our growth plans through our ambitious Pinnacle 345 Vision 
of achieving three times revenue and four times EBITDA within five years. 
With this, I now hand over to Deepak to discuss the Business in Detail, and Wishing 
All of You a Very Happy and A Prosperous Diwali. Thank you. 
Deepak Jain: 
Thank you, Mr. Bhartia. A very good evening to all of you. At the outset, I would like 
to thank you all for joining us today for the Q2 of FY'25 Investor Call of Jubilant 
Ingrevia Limited. 
Let me first take you through the Overall Market Overview for the 2nd Quarter of 
this Fiscal Year: 

 
Page 5 of 20 
 
In Pharmaceuticals, during the quarter, we observed steady demand and good 
visibility on volumes across segments, particularly in Pyridine Derivatives. 
Additionally, prices largely remained stable with a slight increase in certain 
segments. However, demand driven by Paracetamol segment continues to face 
challenges as most customers operated their plants at suboptimal capacities. 
In the Agrochemicals sector, demand is slowly returning and issues related to global 
inventory destocking seem to be easing. However, we anticipate that the full 
recovery will be gradual. Volumes for Pyridine-based products are also showing 
signs of recovery. We expect that additional capacity in select Agrochemical 
products in the coming years will further boost pyridine demand. 
In Nutrition, we are seeing an increase in Niacinamide volume offtake, with prices 
also experiencing a rise. Demand for choline remains stable, although pricing 
pressure from international competition persisted for most part of Q2. We are also 
making ongoing efforts to gradually enhance traction in products aimed at human 
consumption. 
We have rolled out several new initiatives in the last three quarters in line with our 
“Pinnacle 345” growth road map that we announced a few months back. Let me 
share a few key highlights to demonstrate the progress across those initiatives. 
#1. Our core product platforms continue to drive growth and maintain our 
leadership position. We upheld our market share despite facing significant 
challenges in the acetyl sector. We achieved significant volume growth in Pyridine 
and Picolines on a year-on-year basis. We are now globally #1 player in Pyridine and 
Picolines and the only scaled non-Chinese player. 
In Niacinamide, we retained our leadership position being the top two players in 
feed grade. We also achieved steady quarter-on-quarter growth in volumes along 
with a marginal increase in prices. 
In Acetic Anhydride, we observed marginal quarter-on-quarter growth in volumes, 
although prices continue to remain under pressure. Despite the challenging 
circumstances, we manage to maintain our market share in H1 FY'25 in both Indian 
and European markets. 
#2. We continue to maintain our revenue share of the Speciality and Nutrition 
business to 59% and EBITDA share at 73% in the overall portfolio. 
Our Fine Chemicals, Microbials and Nutrition products are showing strong year-on-
year growth. 

 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Our new product lines in Diketene and Food Grade, Choline Bitartrate trade are 
demonstrating strong momentum as well. 
During the quarter, we secured orders in Agrochemicals space with two large MNC 
agro innovators. On the first one, by securing one of the largest CDMO deals in the 
Agrochemicals sector in India, we will serve as a critical agro intermediate supplier 
for a product from a Multi-National Corporation. Our aim is to partner with the 
client to scale up production in a reliable, sustainable, cost-efficient and quality 
assured manner. Furthermore, this partnership underscores our commitment to 
rapidly growing and investing in our CDMO business in the coming years. 
On the second one, we have also received a similar but relatively smaller CDMO 
orders from another Agrochemicals innovator for a key intermediate of their new 
AI. The supplies are expected to start in early FY'26, and we hope this intermediate 
will scale up significantly in coming years as our innovator customer grows the AI 
volumes going forward. 
Our extensive customer engagement through roadshow continued in Q2 of FY'25 
also with successful events held in Japan, Europe, US, China and India. These efforts 
have generated significant interest in collaborating across the Agro, Pharma, 
Nutrition and Semiconductor spaces. We are already experiencing an increase in 
our export share, rising to 48% in Q2 FY'25 compared to 38% in Q2 of FY'24, thereby 
reducing our reliance on the domestic market. Our export grew by 30% year-over-
year with the European Union and Japan driving this growth. With the China Plus 
One strategy gaining momentum we are seeing a steady stream of enquiries from 
global clients. Many of these discussions are progressing into advanced stages and 
we are confident in our ability to meet their long-term needs in the future. 
#3, with our heightened emphasis on ESG, sustainability is central to our 
operations. As global leaders, particularly in Europe and the United States ramping 
up their efforts to cut Scope 3 emissions, Jubilant Ingrevia is dedicated to aligning 
with these goals and furthering our sustainability initiatives. In recognition of our 
ESG efforts, WEF has honored our Bharuch manufacturing facility as a Global 
Manufacturing Lighthouse, making us the only Indian company to achieve this 
distinction within the cohort at amongst the select few firms in chemicals industry 
globally. Through this program, we implemented 4IR technologies at our Bharuch 
site and reskilled many employees to prepare them for the digital future. Utilizing 
over 30-plus integrated use cases that leverage Artificial Intelligence, machine 
learning, IoT-based digital trends and predictive platforms, we achieved a 60% 
reduction in overall process variability and significantly increased production 
volumes. This initiative also boosted workforce productivity by more than 20% and 
cut Scope-I emission by over 20%. 

 
Page 7 of 20 
 
#4. Our long-term CAPEX plans are on track with continued investments in new 
opportunities such as food and cosmetic grade, Niacinamide slated for 
commissioning in Q3 of FY'25 and other multi-purpose plants in the pipeline. In 
coming quarters, we will announce the launch of more CAPEX projects in line with 
our long-term growth strategy. 
#5. We have further strengthened our leadership team by welcoming Mr. Varun 
Gupta as our new CFO and Mr. Birajeev Singh as our new Supply Chain Head. Both 
Varun and Birajeev come with deep experience and expertise in their respective 
fields. With all the changes we have made in the organization, including in the top 
teams in the last year, I am glad to share that we now have one of the best and 
most energized teams at JVL to drive us towards our long-term Pinnacle 345 
ambitions. 
And #6. Finally, on cost front, as I have announced in the previous quarters, we 
continue to make the organization leaner and agile with over Rs. 120 crore per year 
of savings already mobilized. We have also been able to successfully manage our 
net working capital at optimal levels for the last three quarters driven by our 
inventory optimization and aggressive DSO management. 
Now, let me take you through the Updates on all of our Three Business Segments 
Individually: 
Speciality Chemicals: During the quarter, the Speciality Chemical segment’s 
revenue grew by 13% on a year-on-year basis on account of higher volumes coming 
from pyridines building block and derivatives. EBITDA for Speciality Chemical grew 
by 26% on a year-on-year basis on the back of an increase in volumes of high margin 
fine chemicals pyridine derivatives both quarter-on-quarter and year on year 
touching almost 20% EBITDA margin. 
Our CDMO business is on a robust growth plan, underscored by the signing of a five-
year USD$300 million plus contract with the multinational agro innovator. 
The Diketene plant operated at healthy utilization levels with good volume traction 
in the newly commissioned facility. The Pyridine's platform demonstrated strong 
market acceptance and experience both quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year 
growth. 
In the Nutrition and Health Solutions business segment, during the quarter, 
revenue for the Nutrition business increased by 12% year-on-year, driven by higher 
sales volumes of both animal and human grade Niacinamide along with elevated 
pricing. EBITDA for the quarter increased by 29% year-over-year, primarily due to 

 
Page 8 of 20 
 
favorable shift in volume mix towards human grade products as well as lean 
initiatives and optimized input costs. Overall, Niacinamide remained stable during 
the quarter, though pricing improved significantly during the quarter. 
Newly launched products, Food Grade, Choline Chloride and Choline Bitartrate 
continued getting traction in the market. 
Our GMP compliant facility for food and cosmetic grade, vitamin B3, is set to launch 
in Q3 FY'25, and we are already seeing strong customer interest in booking 
advanced volumes. 
In the Chemical Intermediates business segment, quarterly revenue increased by 
5% on a quarter-on-quarter basis due to improvement in volumes of acetic 
anhydride and acetyl. EBITDA for the quarter improved by 13% on a quarter-on-
quarter basis primarily due to marginally higher volume and cost-saving initiative 
initiatives, although this was partially offset by rising ocean freight costs in broader 
Acetyls business. We witnessed improved volumes of Ethyl Acetate and Acetic 
Anhydride even though Acetic Anhydride volumes remained under pressure on 
account of lower demand from paracetamol. 
Our market share for Acetic Anhydride in Europe remained firm, supported by the 
acquisition of new customers. We also maintained a dominant position in the 
domestic market for Acetic Anhydride. 
With this, let me now hand over to Varun to discuss the Financials of the Company. 
I Wish You All A Very Happy Diwali. 
Varun Gupta: 
Thank you, Deepak. Festive greetings and a very good evening to all of you. I would 
like to thank you all for joining us today for the Q2 of Financial Year ‘25 Investor Call 
of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. I am excited to interact with all of you in my first 
investor call. 
The overall revenue during the quarter stood at Rs.1,045 crore as against Rs.1,020 
crore in Q2 Financial Year ‘24. The revenue was higher mainly due to higher year-
on-year revenue from Speciality Chemical and Nutrition and Health Solutions 
business segments. The EBITDA for the quarter is Rs. 135 crore, reflecting a 13% 
sequential increase quarter-on-quarter and 7% increase on a year-on-year basis. 
This growth was primarily driven by margin improvements in the Speciality 
Chemical and Nutrition segment along with cost optimization initiative. 
During the quarter, we also reduced our net debt when the net debt of the company 
on 30th September 2024 was Rs.650 crore and net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 1.4 

 
Page 9 of 20 
 
times on the basis of trailing 12 months EBITDA. The CAPEX expenditure incurred 
during the quarter was Rs.91 crore and year-to-date for the first six months was 
Rs.207 crore, which was primarily funded through internal accruals. 
Net working capital percentage-to-turnover for Q2 2025 was lower at 17.1% as 
against 24.3% in Q2 Financial Year ‘24. The number of days of working capital has 
reduced to 63 as against 89 in the same quarter last year. The PAT for the quarter 
is Rs. 59 crore as against Rs.57 crore in Q2 Financial Year ‘24. 
With this, I would like to conclude our opening remarks. We will now be happy to 
address any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Siddharth Gadekar from Equirus. Please go ahead. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Congrats on a strong set of numbers and the contract win. Sir, could you provide 
some clarity on the $300 million contract like in terms of timeline when do we 
expect this contract to start? 
Deepak Jain: 
So, that's obviously one of the biggest events for us in this quarter. So, as I already 
said, this is a $300 million plus contract which is over next five years. The 
commencement of production will probably start sometime late next calendar year 
because we need time to prepare our Agrochemical plant to be able to produce this 
intermediate. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
So, how much incremental CAPEX we will be doing in that plant and how much time 
will it take to ramp up the entire volume? 
Deepak Jain: 
So, I think as most of you already know we commissioned a new agro intermediate 
and active plant in the early part of this calendar year. So, the plan is to do the 
modifications and expansion in that plant, and we will require at least another 
Rs.300 crore plus to do that over the next 12 to 14 months for that plant to be ready 
to deliver on this contract. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
And largely in terms of margins or ROCE, how should we look at this in terms of this 
contract? 
Deepak Jain: 
See, I think I have said that in the past also, every decision we take at Ingrevia from 
an investment perspective, the minimum threshold for us is 20% EBITDA and 20% 
ROCE. So, we have applied the same filters and same screens as finalize the 
commercial construct of this contact as well. 

 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
And in terms of the value chain, can you just give us some understanding like how 
many steps would we be doing for the customer, or it would be your basic pyridine 
derivative that you would be supplying? 
Deepak Jain: 
Siddharth, I unfortunately cannot disclose too much, but what I can say is, it's in 
one of our core chemistries and #2 it will be a fairly advanced intermediate, so 
complex one. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Just one more last question is on the second contract that we have just spoken 
about where we said supplies will start from next year. Can you give some color in 
terms of how much revenue can we expect from that contract? 
Deepak Jain: 
So, again, I will not be able to give precise numbers. I think more than the revenue 
more important thing is it's for a molecule or AI which is a proprietary one and 
which has not been launched by the innovator. So, they have engaged us at a fairly 
early stage and even the initial volumes will be quite significant running into 
hundreds of tons and it's going to be high margin one for us as well and the supplies 
of this one will start in the early part of next financial year. So, this will come earlier 
than the bigger one that we talk about. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
So, this we will not have to do any CAPEX, is that understanding correct? 
Deepak Jain: 
Some marginal improvements in one of our existing plants, but no major CAPEX. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Gokul Maheshwari from Awriga Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Deepak, you mentioned in your opening comments that you are also working on 
certain newer projects in your horizon. While you will announce in due course, but 
if you could just give an overview of what areas are you really looking in terms of 
these CAPEX projects? 
Deepak Jain: 
So, I think as we announced in Q4 of last fiscal year investor call, our Pinnacle 345 
strategy has the aspiration of taking our revenue 3X of our size in next five years. 
As part of that, we have worked out bottom-up plans across different business units 
and then the CAPEX that I talked about for the future are aligned with that strategy. 
In fact, I had said that in these calls in the past, almost 100% of all incremental 
CAPEX is going to go into Specialty Chemical and Specialty part of Nutrition segment 
in future. And if I just talk about the specific areas, obviously I cannot share too 
much details, but most of it will go to serve our CDMO business both on the agro 
and pharma side, our fine chemicals portfolio through multipurpose plant, our 

 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Specialty Nutrition products, particularly on the human and cosmetic grade side. 
So, those are the areas where we will be investing further going forward. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
My second question is, while you mentioned that there is stability and very decent 
growth in the pharma side, could you elaborate a bit more on where are we on the 
Agrochem side in terms of your interaction with the customers-- is it destocking 
done or is prices bottomed or moving, what are you picking up while interacting 
with your clients? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. So, I think I would maintain what I said on the previous call also, Gokul. 
Agrochemical sector in our view from a demand perspective, we think that the 
destocking problem is largely over, and we can see volumes coming back and you 
can also see our results where pyridine which goes almost 50% of our pyridine 
portfolio is built around Agrochemicals, we are seeing volumes coming back there. 
So, for us that's the first indicator and we can already see that growth is coming 
back. On the pricing side also, while the broader markets still have softer pricing, at 
least in our segments, there are pockets where we have already started to see 
prices also moving up. Even though I think it may take some more time for the 
broader market to improve. But by and that we are seeing good traction both from 
volume and pricing perspective in our core segment. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
And just on this part, is China still a headache for us in a sense that they producing 
as aggressively as what has been in that case for the last 12, 18 months? 
Deepak Jain: 
See, I think if you look at even the import prices from China they seem to have 
bottomed out and have seen largely a flat trend on pricing over the last few months 
and even uptick in certain product segments, #1. #2, despite China being aggressive 
over the last 1-1.5 years, I think as I mentioned in my opening remarks, the China 
plus one trend is playing out very strongly with the lot of innovators and our 
customers speaking to us as us being there potentially Indian supplier from a 
reliability perspective. And third, I think the biggest proof of this trend is the new 
contracts that we have signed on the CDMO side. Both of them are in agro and 
that's despite the fact that the market has been down over the last 6-8 weeks. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohan Gupta from Nuvama Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Thanks for the opportunity and first of all, congratulations winning dual contracts 
in CDMO. On the second contract, though I do not want to get into too much of the 
specifics of the contract, but if you can just share that it's at least $300 million kind 
of contract which you have mentioned in the PPT, what this $300 million means 
and what over a period of time? Second, you mentioned that in your earlier remarks 

 
Page 12 of 20 
 
that this contract is actually I mean for the new AI, getting associated with the 
innovator at the early stage of product development. If you can elaborate a little 
bit that the product has not yet been commercialized, still in the phase of 
commercialization phase one, phase two, what stage it is with the innovator and 
where and what product or at what stage of N minus 1 or final AI what we are 
making for the customer? 
Deepak Jain: 
So, Rohan, I think you have mixed up the two different orders. So, let me just talk 
about each one of them one by one so that there's absolute level of clarity. The first 
one, I talked about is the big one, which is $300 million plus spread over next five 
years. That is not the new AI. This is an existing AI. And we are doing an advanced 
intermediate for that AI. It's a big contract. And as I said, we will need to make our 
agro intermediate and AI plant ready over the next 12 months for us to be able to 
deliver on this contract and commercial production will commence sometime in 
second-half or later part of next calendar year. So, that's one. The second one is the 
new AI, which is a relatively smaller order that we have gotten. It's for an AI which 
is not launched yet. So, the innovator has gotten us involved in the early stage, but 
they expect the volumes to run into hundreds of tons even at the time of launch. 
We are expecting the supplies to commence in the early part of FY'26, which is say 
April, May timeframe, which is when the product will be launched. We will be 
making intermediate for this as well. And this also is a multi-step process. We will 
be doing one of the intermediates in that value chain. 
Rohan Gupta: 
I was talking about the second contract only, not the first one. So, when you say, 
sir, the early stage of the product innovation, so the product has yet to be launched 
by the customers, right, and whether we are replacing in intermediate 
manufacturing to whom we are replacing, whether the customer earlier was 
making it by himself or for buying this intermediate from China, what we are…? 
Deepak Jain: 
No. So, Rohan, the final AI is not commercialized yet. The customer obviously, was 
in the process of doing the development of the product so far and hence all the 
steps they were developing internally. They have now gotten us involved where one 
of the intermediates which has linkage back to one of the platforms that we have 
in our portfolio. That's why they have gotten us involved on this product. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitesh Dhoot from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Good evening team, and thank you so much for the opportunity. My first question 
is on the Specialty Chemical revenue. What I see is the revenues are up Rs. 50 crore 
year-on-year for Q2 and as the PPT mentioned that there is a significant volume 
growth on a year-on-year basis. So, how much of this growth is coming from 

 
Page 13 of 20 
 
pyridine and how much from diketene and where would we be in terms of capacity 
utilizations for both pyridine and diketene? 
Deepak Jain: 
Thank you, Nitesh. So, obviously, as you can see in our results, the Specialty 
Chemical revenue have grown year-on-year by almost 13%. What I can tell you is in 
terms of volume; the growth has been much higher than this 13%. Obviously, as all 
of you know versus last year the prices have come down. So, that shaved off part 
of our overall growth. The growth in terms of volume is close to 25% in this portfolio 
for us and it is a broad-based growth within our Specialty portfolio. So, the pyridine 
building block has grown, pyridine derivatives have grown, diketene derivatives 
have also grown, microbial has also grown. So, it's across segments. In terms of 
second part of your question, the utilization level, on diketene, I think I had 
answered that in the previous quarter also and broadly the answer is same. We 
have done two phases of extension in diketene. The phase one happened almost 
1.5, 2 years back. There, our plants are running at (+75%) utilization levels. The 
second phase expansion happened in the early part of this calendar year around 
March where we launched two more products. Of the two products, for one the 
utilization levels are already close to 70%. For the second one, we have supplied 
samples from the new plant to a few big customers and they are just in the final 
stages of approving the samples. As soon as that happens, we expect even the 
second plant to take to 50% plus utilization hopefully within this or later by next 
quarter. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
In terms of pyridine capacity utilization? 
Deepak Jain: 
We have mentioned in the past we have 48,000 tons of capacity for pyridine and 
picolines and we are running it at close to 75% to 80%. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Secondly, on the capacity utilization on acetic anhydride on the 2,10,000 tons 
capacity and also in the food grade acetic acid if you can help elaborate? 
Deepak Jain: 
So, acetic anhydride, you're right, we have almost 2,00,000 tons of capacity. We are 
running acetic anhydride at around +70% utilization across our plants. Obviously, 
as I mentioned in my opening remarks, there is some pressure on anhydride 
business particularly driven by lower paracetamol volumes and production. We are 
hoping as the markets improve will be able to take that utilization level up. But 
despite that if you see quarter-on-quarter in our broader acetyl portfolio, there has 
been an increase in volumes. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
On the choline chloride business, what I understand it's a largely domestic market 
oriented product there. So, what's the strategy in terms of the pharma and the food 
grade, etc., that you mentioned? 

 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Deepak Jain: 
So, choline does not go in pharma grade. We have two parts of choline business; 
one is the animal feed grade choline which is the dry CC and liquid CC choline 
chloride, which we do largely in domestic market, but we also supply to some of 
the neighboring international markets. That business volume wise is holding up, but 
there is some pressure on pricing because of the imports. So, we are working 
through our cost structure and other areas to be able to maintain our market share 
there. We are the biggest player in the domestic market there. On the second part 
of choline, where as I announced in the previous two calls, we have launched a food 
grade and human Nutrition grade choline products, choline chloride and choline 
bitartrate. Those products we have started to see in the market. We are getting 
very good traction with most of our customers. Many of the customers have now 
visited our plants as well and they have done the audit. So, we are hoping that the 
volumes will start picking up in that segment in the coming months. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gaurav from Invesco Enterprises. Please go 
ahead. 
Gaurav: 
Thanks for this opportunity and congratulations for the good set of numbers. So, 
my question is on our vision to grow our revenue to three times and EBITDA to four 
times in five-year time horizon. So, I just want to understand what would be the 
base year when we are evaluating that from this number that we want to take to 
the three times of the revenue, is it the FY'24 or is it the current initial year FY'25 as 
the base year? 
Deepak Jain: 
Somebody else also had asked this question in the last call. So, the base year for 
revenue is FY'24, which is let's say 4,200 crore of revenue and the landing year is 
FY'29. So, all the bottom-up estimates and planning was done keeping those 
numbers in mind. Having said that, as I explained in the previous investor call, 
obviously there were certain assumptions we have made at that time when we did 
this exercise in January, February timeframe on pricing as well as market recovery, 
particularly on the Agrochemical side. Given that there is some uncertainty and lag 
on that recovery, obviously, there could be a couple of quarters of a timeline 
tweaking to this, but by and large we stick to the overall vision we have crafted 
under Pinnacle 345. 
Gaurav: 
Just for an understanding purpose, since mainly our revenue comes in three 
segments, Specialty Chemical, Nutrition and Health Solutions and the third one that 
is the chemical intermediates, which is a significant portion of our revenue, but in 
terms of the EBITDA this is not so great as compared to the Specialty Chemical and 
Nutrition and Health Solutions, right. So, whatever proportion of revenue was there 
in FY'24 vis-à-vis what we envisage as per our Pinnacle 345 strategy, what would be 
the ratio of these three segments then we are envisaging to achieve a turnover of 

 
Page 15 of 20 
 
maybe approximately Rs. 12,000 crore after five years, is it going to the same 
proportion or proportion is going to be changing or I mean to say the mix is going 
to change? 
Deepak Jain: 
No, so Gaurav, I think you have seen the number part. You should also revisit the 
slide which we put in our presentation behind Pinnacle 345. What it clearly states 
is the overall direction is to increase the share of Specialty and Nutrition in our 
business and that is something which we explicitly if you see even today's investor 
presentation we have laid out what percentage of EBITDA is coming from Nutrition 
and Specialty and that is close to 73% now. The plan as well as expectation is that 
will continue to grow. Today, acetyl constitutes roughly 35% to 40% of my revenue 
and almost 25% of EBITDA. The relative share of acetyl in the overall portfolio will 
continue to come down as Specialty and Nutrition portfolio grow on the back of all 
the investments we have done in last three years and what we will continue to do 
even in future, as per the plans I described in response to one of the questions 
which came earlier. 
Gaurav: 
I got that, and I was going to the presentation also, but when we are modeling or 
when we are expecting that, in terms of the percentage of the mix, right, you have 
clearly mentioned that 60% of the revenue between these two segments and 
EBITDA somewhere around 73% kind of EBITDA that is coming as of now. But, over 
a period of time three, four, five years, this revenue mix I am not focusing on 
because EBITDA you have already given that four times you want to increase vis-à-
vis FY'24, right. So, what is going to be the mix change from 60% as of now which is 
going to be 65%, 70%, do your energy is more concentrated towards increasing the 
share? 
Deepak Jain: 
Gaurav, I will not be able to give precise numbers as I should not, but yes, it will be 
north of 75% for sure for Specialty plus Nutrition together. 
Gaurav: 
To achieve this strategy, any impact going to be in terms of our debt numbers like 
for incremental CAPEX, is it going to be funded from the internal accruals or 
external debt would be required to be taken up? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes, so I think again, I explained that in the last two calls and then we maintain that 
and you can see even in our last three quarters, we have been able to manage our 
debt in fact lower than what it was four quarters back, despite the fact that we have 
been continuously investing, So, what it means is by and large, our intent is to fund 
as much of incremental CAPEX as possible from our internal accrual which we have 
already seen and as well as the efficiency initiatives that we have taken. So, we are 
going to continue. We are expecting at least Rs. 600 to 800 crore of incremental 
CAPEX every year for the next three years at least and we feel a major proportion 

 
Page 16 of 20 
 
of that we can fund through internal accruals as well as the EBITDA which we hope 
to get on the back of all these investments. If at all we need to, we will need to 
increase our debt level marginally only, right now we are at Rs. 650, 700 crore as 
Varun explained, but in no scenario we want it to go beyond Rs. 900, 1,000 crore 
and keeping our coverage ratio well under 1.4x, which is what we have internally 
set as a benchmark. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Malay Sameer from Breakthroughs in Stock 
Market. Please go ahead. 
Malay Sameer: 
Hi Deepak, congratulations for the 2 orders that you’ve got in CDMO. Very 
impressive. I just want to pick your mind on the Bio Secure regulation that is 
expected to be coming in by 2034. We hear that there could be a very big swing 
away from China to the country that can supply and fill in that gap. Now that we 
are becoming one of the world's largest suppliers and we have a full backward 
integration chain, do you think these orders that are coming in right now are just 
the tip of an iceberg? 
Deepak Jain: 
That's a very good question. First, let me answer your question at a slightly macro 
level based on all the interactions I have had with the customers as I mentioned in 
the past and then you can see in our IR presentation also. We have been doing 
several road shows, we have done seven of them and we have met some 120, 130 
customers and not just at a buyer level, but at a CXO level in many of these 
meetings. So, obviously we gather a lot of insights and understanding of how the 
customers are thinking about their future supply chain. And the consistent thing 
which I have heard in all these meetings is that everyone wants to diversify and add 
more reliable scale suppliers in India to de-risk from China and then that is what I 
said in my opening remarks as China plus one strategy which I think most of us have 
now heard several times, but I can tell you not even a single customer did not talk 
about it. So, everyone is just talking about it, thinking about it proactively, some are 
of course at advanced stages, some are still thinking about it, but sooner or later it 
was anyway supposed to happen. Now, with the Bio Security Act and obviously with 
the expected results of US elections, there is a feeling that it will become 
increasingly difficult for customers to rely only on Chinese suppliers and hence at 
least I expect this trend to only accelerate from here and leading to more and more 
outsourcing of manufacturing not just in pharma but also in Agrochemicals, 
cosmetics, semiconductor spaces to India. Coming to now the second part of your 
question, I see, these two contracts, these are only the tip of the iceberg in terms 
of the number of such opportunities we expect to catch and realize in the coming 
years. Obviously, the size of those opportunities could be different depending on 
which customer and which molecule you're talking about. The first one that I 

 
Page 17 of 20 
 
described is a big opportunity in agro and it's one of the biggest contracts even in 
the Indian Agrochemical industry. So, those ones are rare in my view. So, in terms 
of numbers, to give you a sense, out of these 120 plus customer meetings, we have 
already created a pipeline of almost 100 plus opportunities. Now, the size of those 
opportunities vary and obviously not all of them is going to convert, but we have 
created an internal funnel which we are working on and hoping that as some of 
these duty structures and China plus one strategy play out, we will be able to 
convert many more contracts in the coming quarters and years. 
Malay Sameer: 
So, I was thinking aloud that if a large player is shifting away from China to India, 
they will look at a full backward integrated chain. And as you just said in the 
presentation that we are such a large player not just in India, but of course India 
too, but we are a very large player globally, so would not that make us the first 
choice in India for those people to transition away from China? 
Deepak Jain: 
We cannot generalize that. Of course, the chemistries and product platforms which 
we have and there are seven or eight of them and you can see it in our IR 
presentation also, anything which is falling in those value chains, obviously we will 
be the natural and first contender to grab those opportunities. We still need to be 
competitive, responsive, agile, all of that will still be required, but we will obviously 
have a natural advantage there. Likewise, some of our peer companies in India who 
are present and deep in other value chains, they will have an advantage over us in 
those chemistry. So, we cannot generalize it. It is dependent on the chemistry. I 
think the second part of it is of course all these companies while diversifying their 
value chains outside of China they are having a very strong focus on ESG as well and 
that is something where we score over many of our Indian peers, absolutely hands 
down, because if you see our ESG journey, we started way back in 2001 we are #2 
in EcoVadis and Dow Jones ranking for several years now. Every year we are taking 
several new initiatives and many of them we have announced in our presentations 
as well. So, that advantage is going to be a huge and that advantage is going to give 
us an edge versus our peers. On top of that, now if I take the recent WEF Green 
Lighthouse recognition that our plant had that's just establishes us as one of the 
not only just cost affected backward integrated and environmentally focused player 
but also digitally advanced player or peer in Indian chemical industry. So, if you put 
all of those elements together, our backward integration, the different product 
platforms, cost competitiveness, environmental focus or ESG focus, digitally-
enabled plants, and on top of that, willingness to invest CAPEX ahead of revenue, it 
makes us a very solid contender for all these opportunities which are coming India's 
way in the next few years. 

 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Malay Sameer: 
So, Deepak, like for the first order that you announced, you're saying that it will 
come somewhere late in calendar '26 because we are investing into the peripheral 
- 
Deepak Jain: 
Sorry, calendar '25, not calendar '26. 
Malay Sameer: 
Okay. Because we are investing in peripheral equipment, etc., so is it okay to 
assume that the future orders that will come to us will be executed with a much 
shorter time lag than receiving the orders compared to what we have done in the 
first two orders? 
Deepak Jain: 
We have two examples right here. One, we are going to execute within four to six 
months from now, another one which will take at least 12 months. So, what I am 
trying to say is every order by definition, CDMO, ‘C’ stands for customize and 
customize means you have to have a customized set of facility depending on the 
nature of chemistry, the complexity of the molecule. So, obviously if there is a 
molecule which falls in our chemistry and can be fitted into one of our existing 
plants the timeline for that will be much shorter. That's a three to six months. And 
that's why we are creating a multipurpose plant ahead of time so that we are ready 
with excess capacity and we can fix some of these molecules into those plants. 
Obviously, if there is a bigger molecule which requires a specific kind of technology 
or process setup, the timelines and then we have to create a new plant or make 
significant changes to an existing plant, the timeline for that will be at least 12 
months. So, at this stage it's very difficult to give you a timeline in a generic way. It 
will be customized to every order, but what I can assure and tell you is internally, 
our projects team, our design team, our operations team, we are gearing ourselves 
to ensure, even our R&D team, we are agile and in responding to our customers 
and deliver as quickly as possible because it's important not just for my P&L and 
balance sheet, it's important for my customers P&L even more because they 
wanted the products yesterday and they are coming to us now because of this 
pressure coming to them and with the Bio Security Act which you talked about, 
there is a huge amount of urgency in their minds to move quickly. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Dhruv Muchhal from HDFC Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Apologies if this is a repeat. If you can please help us some more granularity on the 
CAPEX plans that you have Rs. 600 to 800 crore per annum over the next three, four 
years, I understand largely this will be in Specialty and Nutrition, but some more 
granularity, where do they go, is it agro, is it pharma, is it I am not sure, pyridine, 
what areas are you looking at? 

 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Deepak Jain: 
Dhruv, for the CAPEX, there were questions in the previous three calls also. So, the 
wave-I of our CAPEX plan we had announced almost 2.5 years back of Rs. 2,000 
crore. And at that time, we had announced a bunch of projects. 65% to 70% of that 
CAPEX was supposed to go into Specialty and the Specialty part of our Nutrition 
portfolio, which we have by and large stuck to, and as I speak this fiscal year with 
almost Rs. 1,300, 1,400 crore of investment which had already happened in the last 
two years, we are going through the last leg of initial or wave-I, say, Rs. 2,000 crore 
that we had announced 2.5 years back. So, this year with a couple of projects 
already in play between our boiler in Bharuch and the cosmetic and food grade 
Niacinamide plant and the few other debottlenecking and expansion plans, we will 
exhaust the wave-I Rs. 2,000 crore CAPEX. So, that's wave-I. But in order to deliver 
on our Pinnacle 345 aspiration in FY'29 or near about that time, we will need to take 
a wave-II CAPEX of Rs. 2,000 to 2,500 crore over the next three years which will be 
roughly, let's say, Rs. 700-800 crore that I was saying earlier. What I can tell you is 
100% of that will be geared towards opportunities which are falling in Specialty and 
Nutrition side of the portfolio. Obviously, a lot of those opportunities which all will 
also be driven by what kind of CDMO and other contracts that we get from the 
customer because many of these will be multi-purpose plants where we can absorb 
any customized requirement which comes from our customers. But the focus would 
be on CDMO opportunities in agro, in pharma, in semiconductors, the fine chemical 
derivatives in our pyridine and diketene value chain, the human and high value 
animal food and Nutrition grade products in our Nutrition portfolio. So, those are 
the opportunities which we are looking at as we draw the investment plans for this 
second wave of Rs. 2,000, 2,500 crore of CAPEX over the next few years. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
So, primarily in the Specialty segment, the investments will be targeted towards the 
CDMO segment, be it pharma, agro or fine chem or semis, that is the fair 
understanding is it? 
Deepak Jain: 
CDMO and fine chemical derivatives. As you know, we are world #1 in pyridine and 
diketene also we have aspiration to become a global leader, and we do those 
derivatives, and this is our core portfolio. So, we will be creating a multi-purpose 
plant to serve our pyridine and diketene derivatives portfolio to expand it in the 
coming years. So, CDMO and fine chemicals are the two major parts within 
Specialty. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Quickly on the first CDMO, $300 million contract, just trying to understand nature 
because there are various terms with industry uses for contracts. Is this take or pay, 
is it equal revenue over every five years and once this comes how does your 
Specialty segment margins look like say, FY'27 when the full benefits probably starts 
to flow in? 

 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Deepak Jain: 
So, Dhruv, I cannot disclose all the details for obvious reasons, but it is a classic 
CDMO contract where there is an obligation on both sides, the buyer and the seller. 
It's a five-year contract with an even split of revenues over the five years. And on 
the margin and ROCE, as I already answered in response to I think somebody asked 
one of the questions in the earlier part of this call, our internal threshold is 20% 
EBITDA and 20% plus ROCE. So, this contract crosses the threshold on those 
benchmarks. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over 
to you, sir. 
Pavleen Taneja: 
We thank you all for joining this call today. We hope we have been able to answer 
your queries. For further clarification, we would request you to contact me and 
thank you once again for your interest in Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity, readability, etc. 
The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
