 
 
 
By Online Submission 
Sec/24-25/87 
Date: 18-11-2024 
 
To, 
The General Manager, 
BSE Ltd. 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Tower, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai- 400 001 
BSE Code: 524370 
To, 
The General Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot no. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051. 
NSE CODE: BODALCHEM 
 
Dear Sir /Madam, 
 
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF “BODAL CHEMICALS LIMITED Q2 H1 FY25 EARNINGS CALL” 
 
We enclosed the transcript of Q2 H1 FY25 Earnings Call” with Investors and Analysts which was 
held on 14th November 2024 at 4:30 PM IST. 
 
Kindly take the same in your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For, BODAL CHEMICALS LTD 
 
 
Ashutosh B Bhatt 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer  
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
Ashutosh 
Bharatkumar 
Bhatt
Digitally signed by 
Ashutosh Bharatkumar 
Bhatt 
Date: 2024.11.18 15:01:05 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Bodal Chemicals Limited Q2 H1 FY25 Results 
Conference Call” 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
Disclaimer: This document is subject to errors and may or may not contain words which have 
been included / omitted due to human error while transcribing the conference call. Any and 
all information should be verified with the company by the reader. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANKIT PATEL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, BODAL 
CHEMICALS LIMITED 
MR. MAYUR PADHYA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
BODAL CHEMICALS LIMITED 
 
 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 9 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 H1 FY25 Results Conference Call of 
Bodal Chemicals Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference has been recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankit Patel – Executive Director from Bodal Chemical 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ankit Patel: 
Thank you very much. Good evening everybody. On behalf of Bodal Chemicals Limited, I 
extend a warm welcome to everyone for joining us on the call today. 
On this call, we are joined by our CFO – Mr. Mayur Padhya. I hope everyone had an opportunity 
to go through the “Financial Results” and “Investor Presentation” which have been uploaded on 
the Stock Exchange and our Company's website. 
We will give you a quick “Overview” of the Recent Developments in the chemical industry. 
And then Mr. Mayur Padya will walk you through the operational and financial performance for 
the quarter. 
There are several geopolitical issues involving Russia, Ukraine, Israel and nearby countries, 
unrest at Bangladesh, Red Sea issue, etc., slowdown China, country-specific economic crisis and 
inflation are several other factors that are impacting global trade. But since last couple of 
quarters, industry has started living with the circumstances. We have been experiencing stability 
in demand for our industry products as well as stability in raw material prices. All this gives us 
confidence that going forward further, recovery is there, though at a slow pace. Steps to be taken 
by a new President at US will further decide the fate of the global economy and chemical 
industry considering the relationship with China. 
We are India's largest integrated manufacturer of dye stuff, dye intermediates, and hold a 
meaningful market share in the world. We also have basic chemicals, caustic soda, and recently 
new product group added, benzene downstream products. In today's environment, where Indian 
suppliers are emerging as preferred partners globally, we have been able to hold our leadership 
position. 
Coming straight to the Operational Performance: 
During the first half of FY25, the company achieved total revenue of Rs. 858 crores, growth of 
27% year-on-year basis. This growth is led by an improvement in volumes of all products, but 
majorly by the intermediates. The absolute EBITDA stood at Rs. 75 crores, a 25% growth on 
year-on-year basis. This growth mainly led by volume and better realization in our dye 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 9 
intermediates. Interest, depreciation and other overheads have increased at company level on 
capitalization of Saykha’s Benzene downstream project. On the other hand, there were negligible 
contributions by this project at topline level. Hence, the increased overhead offset partially 
profitability of other divisions. For the first half of FY25, our standalone profit after tax stood at 
Rs. 1.73 crore and consolidated loss after tax stood at Rs. 1.42 crores. 
Coming to the Dye Intermediates: 
During the quarter, dye intermediates division has performed better in volume and improved in 
the realization. For the first half of this year, total revenue from the dye intermediates business 
stood at Rs. 327 crores. Revenue from dye intermediates grew by 48% year-on-year basis. In 
quarter 2 FY25, revenue from dye intermediate business stood at Rs. 172 crores grew by 10% 
on quarter-on-quarter basis. In Q2, H-Acid and Vinyl Sulphone prices were near Rs. 444 for H-
Acid and Rs. 228 per kg for Vinyl Sulphone. Being an integrated dye stuff manufacturer, we 
produce major dye intermediate products and about 40% of these intermediates capacity is 
captively consumed, resulting in a cost advantage for our dye stuff products. The balance 
capacity of dye intermediates is served in both domestic as well as export markets. Considering 
the improvement in volume, we are hopeful this division will deliver the better performance in 
coming days. 
Coming to our Dyestuff Division: 
End application industries like textiles, leather, paper and other dyestuff consuming industries 
have not recovered yet as expected. Revenue from Dyestuff stood at Rs. 259 crores, growth of 
14% year-on-year during the first half. In Q2, revenue from dyestuff stood at Rs. 124 crores, a 
degrowth by 8% on quarter-on-quarter basis. During the quarter, dyestuff industry, major 
supplier to textile has been impacted by Bangladesh political disturbance. 
Coming to the basic Chemicals division: 
About 40% of our basic chemicals are captively used for dye intermediates. The volume is 
optimum, however, due to declined raw material and finished good prices, the revenue for first 
half FY25 stood at Rs. 44 crores and has reported a degrowth of 7%. In Q2 FY25, revenue from 
basic chemicals stood at Rs. 23 crores, a growth of 13% on quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Coming to the Chlor-Alkali business: 
During the first half FY25, Chlor-Alkali business has reported a revenue of Rs. 155 crores, a 
growth of 20% on year-on-year basis, led by the volume growth of 17% year-on-year basis. The 
revenue and volume remained flat on quarter-on-quarter basis. The company is expecting further 
volume growth in coming days with anticipation of better chlorine consumption by surrounding 
CPW units, including a new player. The prices are improving and looking for better performance 
for this division considering the positive demand and end-use industry in the medium term. 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 9 
Coming to the benzene derivatives: 
Our Saykha Greenfield project, the benzene downstream products has achieved the required 
quality norms, but due to negligible scale of production, this unit has not contributed to the 
revenue in Q2 FY25. We are now required to achieve and obtain certain certifications to enable 
us to cater to the pharma industry, which is the major target industry for us. We expect this unit 
will start contributing to top and bottomline to some extent in Q4 FY25 and major increase in 
volume will happen thereafter. Sener Boya in Turkey is experiencing hyperinflation. 
During the quarter Q2 FY25 due to AS 29, there is a Rs. 1.85 crore loss, and the same is already 
a part of declared result. Chinese and Indonesian subsidiaries have performed satisfactorily. We 
have been moving up the value chain and working relentlessly towards diversifying the business 
from our core dyestuff and dye intermediates business to other specialty chemical products like 
benzene derivative. Manufacturers and exporters in India are having a challenging time 
managing the overhead cost. Over the years, chemical industry has seen a transformation. Long-
term story of India remains intact, and the chemical industry is poised to grow from here on. 
Thank you, and now I hand over the call to Mr. Mayur Padya to walk you through the financial 
performance. 
Mayur Padya: 
Good evening, everyone. 
The overall performance of the company has been satisfactory for the quarter gone by. Our 
standalone performance for Q2 FY25 is as follows. Total revenue for Q2 FY25 stood at Rs. 428 
crores. EBITDA stood at Rs. 37 crores. Net profit for the quarter stood at Rs. 59 lakhs. 
Our standalone performance for H1 FY25 is as follows. Total revenue for H1 FY25 stood at Rs. 
849 crore. EBITDA stood at Rs. 76 crore. Net profit stood at Rs. 1.73 crore. Our consolidated 
performance for Q2 FY25 is as follows. Total revenue stood at Rs. 434 crore, EBITDA stood at 
Rs. 38 crore, net loss for the quarter stood at Rs. 24 lakhs. 
Our consolidated performance for H1 FY25 is as follows. Total revenue stood at Rs. 858 crore 
for H1 FY25 against Rs. 677 crore for H1 FY24. EBITDA stood at Rs. 75 crore and there is a 
growth of 24%. Net loss for the half year stood at Rs. 1.48 crore against net profit of Rs. 3.45 
crore in H1 FY24. 
Division-wise performance on a consolidated basis for H1 FY25 are as follows. Dye stuff 
revenue stood at Rs. 259 crore. Dye intermediate revenue stood at Rs. 328 crores. Basic 
chemicals revenue stood at Rs. 44 crore, Chlor-Alkali revenue stood at Rs. 155 crore. 
Total production volume on a standalone basis for H1 FY25 are as follows. Dyestuff reported 
7,968 metric tons, dye intermediates reported 12,785 metric tons, basic Chemical reported 
1,13,499 metric ton. Chlor-Alkali reported 44,528 metric ton. 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 9 
With this, I conclude the presentation and the floor is open for discussion as well as question 
and answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Aditya Khetan from SMIFS Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Khetan: 
I have a couple of questions. Sir, this one-off loss which we have taken, I believe we have taken 
last quarter also and earlier also we have taken such losses. For how many quarters are we would 
be continuing taking these losses from the hyperinflationary environment and all? 
Ankit Patel: 
It is difficult to predict because it depends upon the inflationary trend over there, but it is there 
since about 2 years. So at some level it should cool down, but it is difficult to say specifically 
what can happen. But the figures are reducing. Last quarter it was Rs. 2.44 crore and the quarter 
for which we declare the result it is Rs. 1.85 crore. So let's hope that it will stabilize at some 
level and there won't be further losses. 
Aditya Khetan: 
And sir on to the benzene derivatives, sir do we have the revenue figure for this quarter? Like 
how much volumes have we done or we are still into the sampling stage only as of now? 
Ankit Patel: 
Yeah, 622 metric ton is the production. And it's about Rs. 1.4 crore of revenue for this quarter. 
So this figure will further improve in current quarter. And thereafter, good remarkable topline, 
bottomline contribution should be there from this division. 
Aditya Khetan: 
As a part of this product, like have we received approval from all the customers or we are still 
into that sample stage only at some point in time? 
Ankit Patel: 
So there are three main areas where this set of products are used. I mean the majority is pharma 
industry where the PNCB, the main product is used. They have the larger players where we are 
in the process of getting the approvals. We should get them around the month of December. At 
the same time, dye intermediate players and agrochemicals is again the two-space where these 
products are used. So there, our sampling approvals, certification, most of that has gone through. 
So we have started dispatches this month. We are expecting to reach about 30% utilization in 
the month of December. In January, we are planning to cross more than 50% utilization. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir by January you said you are planning to cross 50% utilization? 
Ankit Patel: 
For the month of January, our target is to cross 50% utilization. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir when we look at the performance of the overall company, so the caustic soda I believe now 
it has ramped up to the peak utilization level for this Chlor-Alkali business, but sir it has not 
been able to provide any, you can say offtake to the EBITDA margins of the company overall 
like earlier we were completely dependent on textiles, dyes, paper, caustic soda to more widely 
used into detergents and other end users in the system. It has not been able to give some boost 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 9 
to EBITDA. Any color sir how things will move ahead or this is the new normal like for us, we 
will be operating at 7%-9% EBITDA margin range only? 
Ankit Patel: 
So caustic soda after the modernization and the expansion, last few quarters have definitely been 
better EBITDA performance in the Chlor Alkali business for us. The reason for the single digit 
EBITDA since last few quarters, I think that was due to the lower volumes in die stuff and die 
intermediate segments. I think that is what hurt us for few quarters. Now going ahead, caustic 
remains to do strong EBITDA as well as now die intermediate is also in a better shape right now. 
Dye stuff is where we have some volume challenges, but it is still better than the Q1 numbers. I 
think the only division that needs to start ramping up and contribute to the top and bottom line 
is the benzene derivatives for us in terms of the large businesses that we have. So I think all other 
are in a good satisfactory level. I think as soon as the benzene starts contributing more than 50%, 
60%, 70%, I think we can see a good turnaround in terms of the EBITDAs and all. 
Mayur Padhya: 
Let me add here something. Last quarter, we have not seen the optimum benefit as far as caustic 
and die intermediate which we should be able to see in current quarter. So current quarter will 
give us somewhat better result and once the Saykha project gets stabilized, then there will be 
new normal. So that will definitely be more than 11%-12%. 
Aditya Ketan: 
And sir, on to the die stuff and die intermediates, like you mentioned, there are some challenges 
which prevail for the last 1-2 years. Sir, how you see like, so the structural things have changed 
now and the players who are into this business will operate at these levels only or you see 
something improving here considering some structural trend which is changing like lower 
imports from China or anything like which is changing which can improve the base of these 
businesses which we continue to operate at this range only? 
Ankit Patel: 
So like Mayur bhai just mentioned, last year and a half were slow not due to structural changes 
here in the industry in India, or due to Chinese imports. It was due to the post-COVID relaxation, 
the 6 quarters were very strong, where our company also performed very well and post that, 
there was a slowdown in few sectors, especially manufacturing sectors because the global 
demand slowed down and all these political problems happened across the world. So since then 
we had about 6 quarters where things were very slow. But since the last couple of quarters it is 
on the recovery mode and I do not believe that going ahead, the intermediate business will be in 
a single digit EBITDA performance. I think looking at the average of next few years we should 
definitely do more than 10%. And with the addition of Chlor Alkali which does in the range of 
around 16%-18% for us and with the addition of benzene derivatives, I think in a few months, 
we should be at around 12%-13%. 
Aditya Ketan: 
And sir, by when are we expecting these improvements like, in second half or by FY26 only we 
will see? 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 9 
Ankit Patel: 
I think Q4 of this ongoing financial year will definitely have a decent contribution from the 
benzene derivatives. Looking at current die intermediates order book and the improvement in 
the die stuff volumes and Chlor Alkali going strong, I think Q4 should definitely be a good 
quarter for us. Going ahead also, there will be some ramp up in the capacity, maybe reaching the 
maximum level of the benzene derivative business. So I think Q4 of this year and Q1 of FY26 
will be the optimum year for us. 
Aditya Ketan: 
Sir, just one last question, if I may squeeze in sir, Mayur sir has earlier said that we will be 
receiving some incentives from the Punjab government for the caustic soda business. Sir, what 
is the status on the sale, and have we started receiving it and by when we will receive if we have 
not? 
Mayur Padhya: 
No, we have not yet started receiving it and the last week, what we have checked with this Punjab 
Invest Department as per that, whatever the issue internally they were facing that has got 
resolved, and within about 3-4 months, the whole process should get completed. So, there are 
still two stages which we are required to cover up that is district-level committee approval and 
state-level committee approval, but now things are in place and we are expecting maybe in month 
end or next month, the process once again will go ahead. And by this year-end, we should 
definitely get the approval and after that there will be departmental process. So once this state 
government gives approval then the matter goes to electricity department and GST department. 
So over there, there will only be a formality. So, we should start getting fund from next year, 
from say, first quarter of next year or so. Current year, there is a possibility, but we can't say 
definitely. 
Aditya Ketan: 
Sir, what is the probability, if you can say, so 50-50 like we will be winning that incentive or 
you see like there are more chances that it will not come also, any color like if you can give? 
Ankit Patel: 
Before acquiring the asset there in Punjab, we had done this due diligence in terms of all the 
government schemes that they have and we definitely were able to successfully check that in the 
recent past, many companies have received such incentives. Just like us, who is waiting for the 
incentives to be encashed, there is also JSW who have done a lot of investments in Punjab in the 
recent time. So, I do not believe that there is any chance that we will not be receiving it yet. Yes, 
there may be delays. I think that happens from time to time in different states and different 
governments. But I think we are very positive. All the dialogues so far with the officials, there 
has been always confident feedback and there is always a process, the process is always pushing 
ahead. So, it may be delayed here and there, but we will definitely receive it. 
Mayur Padhya: 
There is no question about getting it. There is only a question about when we are going to get it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lovkesh, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 9 
Lovkesh: 
I have a couple of questions. The first question is regarding the exact amount of interest in 
depreciation for the benzene derivatives project which has been charged to the profit or loss 
account in the second quarter? 
Mayur Padhya: 
For Benzene derivative, interest monthly is about Rs. 3 crores. 
Lovkesh: 
For the full second quarter, please, not the monthly? 
Mayur Padhya: 
Yes, for the full second quarter, it is about Rs. 9 crore interest and Rs. 5.4 crore is depreciation. 
Lovkesh: 
My second question is, as and when we anticipate the maximum amount of capacity utilization 
for the benzene project and as things stand, even the prices are where they are, what is the amount 
of revenue we are expecting and what is the EBITDA percentage we are expecting? 
Mayur Padhya: 
It depends upon the prices but what we are expecting. 
Lovkesh: 
If we take prices, where they are? 
Mayur Padhya: 
Yes, then it is about Rs. 320 crores of topline we should be getting from this project and at the 
EBITDA of about 13%-14%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no questions from the participants, I would not like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Ankit Patel: 
With this, we conclude the call and would like to thank everyone for joining us today on this 
earnings call. If you have any further queries, you can connect to us. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Bodal Chemicals Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thanks for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
