 
 
November 21, 2024 
To, 
BSE Limited 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, Exchange Plaza,  
5th Floor, Plot No C/1, G Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code : 520113 
Scrip Code : VESUVIUS 
 
Dear Sirs/Madam,   
 
 
Subject: 
Transcript of the Institutional Investors and Analyst Meet - under 
Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015, and further to our earlier 
communication dated November 12, 2024, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of 
the “Institutional Investors and Analyst Meet” hosted by Vesuvius India Limited with 
group of Institutional Investors and Analysts on Tuesday, November 12, 2024, in 
Visakhapatnam.  
 
In accordance with Regulation 46 of the SEBI LODR, the aforesaid Transcript is being 
disseminated on the website of the Company i.e., www.vesuviusindia.in, which can be 
accessed through below mentioned path: 
 
www.vesuviusindia.in → Investors → Announcements 
 
We request you to take the above on record and disseminate the same on your website 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Vesuvius India Limited 
 
 
Saheb Ali 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(Membership No.: A33361) 
 
 
SAHEB 
ALI
Digitally signed 
by SAHEB ALI 
Date: 2024.11.21 
21:00:03 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
Vesuvius India Limited 
Institutional Investor and Analyst Meet 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
Management: Mr. Biswadip Gupta 
Chairman and Independent Director 
 
Mr. Patrick André 
Non-Executive Director  
 
Mr. Mohinder Rajput  
Managing Director 
 
Mr. Nitin Jain 
Non-Executive Director 
 
Mr. Henry Knowles 
Non-Executive Director  
 
Ms. Nayantara Pal Chaudhuri 
Independent Director 
 
Mr. Rohit Baheti 
Chief Finance Officer 
 
Mr. Kartikaye Krishna  
Legal Director  
 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  Vesuvius India Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Kartikaye Krishna: 
Good evening, everyone and welcome to the Vesuvius India Investor and Analyst Meet. My name 
is Kartikaye Krishna. I am the Legal Director. As you well know, we will not be making any 
statement containing UPSI and request no such questions be asked. We will start off by brief 
address by our Chairman, Mr. Gupta followed by a Q&A session. Request if you are asking the 
question please state your name and your organization's name and please try not to repeat the 
question so that everybody gets a fair chance. 
Biswadip Gupta: 
Thank you Karthik. Sorry Kartikaye. I will call you Karthik. Good evening, ladies, gentlemen, 
friends, many of you I know for a long time. And before I start, I would like to introduce the people 
sitting here around us because it is very rare that you get a nice meet with everybody sitting like 
this. So, I start from the extreme right, Madam Nayantara Palchoudhuri, she is one of our 
Independent Directors. She needs I think no introduction in the sense that she is an entrepreneur, 
she is President of many Chambers of Commerce, Consul General of Norway in Eastern part of 
India. She is also owning tea gardens which for me is very interesting and she is an industrialist by 
her own rights. Next to her, Kartik has introduced himself. Nitin, as you know, he is an elusive 
character. A few years back he joined us as MD of Vesuvius India and today he says he is the 
President of Advanced Refractory Division in London. So that is Nitin Jain. Patrick is the Group 
CEO. He is the boss man of Vesuvius. He takes all the decisions. Mohinder has just come into 
Vesuvius India as Managing Director. He knows the steel industry because of his grooming in JSW 
in Vijayanagar for quite some time, so he knows steel very well. Rohit Baheti is our CFO and 
Henry Knowles is our Group Legal Counsel and he takes care of all the legal issues related to the 
group. Henry is also one of our Directors in Vesuvius India. So basically, I was chatting up with a 
lot of you here just now and I see that you know much more about the industry than I do, honestly. 
And this is not meant as a flippant comment. You do so much of research, you do so much of work. 
You know the industry much better than many of us but just to give you a background of our 
industry, we are primarily focused on the steel industry, steel side and our market is steel which is 
very gratifying to note that India is now one of the top steel makers in the world, perhaps number 
two or number three now. And in terms of rate of growth, I think India is the fastest, number one. 
In growth of steel production, India is going up very fast. And as you all know, the amount of 
expansions that the existing companies have announced in their brownfield expansions as well as 
greenfield expansions, it is an amazing story coming up in front of us. Especially I am very 
interested and keen to see how ArcelorMittal does in Hazira, Surat and also not far from here they 
have just announced big steel plant. It is a very big, large growing market and I think we are very 
excited with all that is happening around the steel world in India but as you know Vesuvius in India 
has been there for more than three decades. We started our first plant in 1994 and we started 
manufacturing for the first time in India products that were used in the transition of technology 
from traditional pit casting to continuous casting. That was a time when we had the energy crisis 
and everything was done to conserve and whatever we did in technology was to save energy. And 
continuous casting came in a big way worldwide.  
 
And in the late 80s, early 90s, India made a very dramatic decision to convert all non-continuous 
casting steel plants into continuous casting steel plants. And that is when we came in on the right 
time and we have been supporting this market, developing this market along with the steel plants 
for a long time now. And needless to say, therefore we know the market very well, we know the 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  Vesuvius India Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
customers very well. We have been working with them together and in many places, we have 
partnership in performances. It is a very difficult thing in the steel plant to forge a partnership on 
performance, but Vesuvius has been able to do that because we have been consistent in whatever 
we do, in our practices, in our quality, in all these things. And while the external environment 
changes, we have been continuously enhancing our product portfolios from one or two or three 
items that we used to make in those early days. I do not know how many items we make today in 
India itself. It is an amazing shift in terms of technology, which is transforming the number of 
products that we are offering to the customers. And this is all a result of a huge amount of R&D 
investments that Vesuvius worldwide has been doing at many markets including India. Not far 
from here in our Vizag facility, we have the worldwide R&D and center of excellence in research 
facilities in monolithic and powders, which is helping not only India but also the world. So, 
Vesuvius has been investing heavily on R&D and this is resulting in a number of products which 
we are being able to offer to the customers. 
 
The biggest thing that we have been doing over the years has been offering as I said on partnership 
and therefore during partnership processes, we have been able to harvest a lot of benefits, both 
which are now in a formula which we now share with customers, and that's a big thing. When we 
work together with a partnership, it is not just you take the benefits. We are also working well with 
the customer, and they are also seeing benefits that are passed on to them. And this is something 
which is unique and we have been practicing this and we are working very well. And there are 
many customers. I think most of the big customers, Mohinder, today have this partnership process. 
That is the way we are working. And thanks to the team which is supporting led by Patrick, a lot 
of investments are now happening in India and that I think I will leave to Patrick when you ask 
him he will tell you the rationale behind all that, but basically there is a huge amount of investment, 
capex planning that is happening in India. Something like that we did not see before so much. This 
one of the biggest changes that we have seen in the last four, five years. The amount of capex that 
is coming into India and which is enabling us to offer much better products locally from our Indian 
plants. In all this, we have, always worked on cost-effectiveness. As you know, it is competitive 
market, and there are many competitors, very good competitors, international competitors, and we 
are aware of all that and therefore, we have to be constantly on our toes, not only in R&D, 
technology. We are also coming out with very cost-effective solutions to customers, and that is 
something that is there. 
 
And finally, for me this is something which is very important is that we are all about people. 
Vesuvius is all about people, not just in India, all over the world. It is all about people. And as I 
was telling in the afternoon that people are our cornerstones. This is something that we 
continuously believe. We believe in people, we trust people, we value them. There is dignity, 
integrity, all this happens and it is with the people that we have arrived here and it is with the people 
that we will take this company to greater heights. And for me, finance or numbers are summation 
or sigma of all these points that I was mentioning. It is not just A plus B equals to C, two plus two 
can also be 22 in some cases. 
 
So, I think when you put all these things together, you come to what we call the financial numbers 
and other things that are looked into as a finance performance. We are trying to become more 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  Vesuvius India Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
transformational in our work rather than transactional. And I think this Company, we are really 
very, very happy and proud to say that under the leadership of Patrick, this company is really 
moving towards that direction. Thank you. I will open the floor. Karthik has already said, you will 
have, whatever you want to ask, please be brief. State your name, your places, and I know you 
have all come from far away. I am very grateful to you. 
Jinal Sheth: 
Hi good evening. This is Jinal Sheth from Awriga Capital. We are a PMS, portfolio management 
services, and we own Vesuvius in our fund from Bombay and I have been tracking Vesuvius for 
the last 10 to 12 years or so and owning it. So just going back from the last meeting in Kolkata 
when Patrick kind of broke the ice and said, okay look, now we are going to start investing in India, 
because for N number of years, not much was happening. Now, at this point of time, we have 
multiple of our peers, ourselves spending money. And in this interim, there is a certain slowdown. 
Now, just want your thoughts on that, that is like a temporary blip and I mean, if this is just a minor 
pushback or there is something more to this, some thoughts from your end. 
Biswadip Gupta: 
Slowdown in investment or business? 
Jinal Sheth: 
No, business, globally. 
Patrick André: 
Thank you for the question. It is a good question. You know, the steel industry is a cyclical by 
nature. I have been myself involved in the steel industry for the past 35 years. It is not the fast-
moving consumer goods where things move by half a percent up and down, everybody thinks that 
it is a crisis. You have always had in the steel industry ups and downs. So, I believe that it will be 
the case going forward. What it means is that even for a country as India, there will ups and downs. 
We believe that India is growing. We grow very fast on average over the coming 10 to 20, 30 years. 
It does not mean that India will grow every year and that there will be some years being slower or 
lower than others. And the past couple of years have been kind of exceptional in India. Will the 
next year or the next two years be a little bit less exceptional, maybe, maybe not? I do not have a 
crystal ball, but it is perfectly possible. What does not change is the long-term prospect of the steel 
market in India. The fundamentals of India have not changed over the past three months or six 
months. And by the way, demand is still quite good in India. If you look at steel consumption, it is 
doing quite well in India. What you call a slowdown is more associated to an increase in imports 
in India and to a decline or a low point of steel prices which are mostly associated with the fact 
that the Chinese have been increasing very significantly their export to the rest of the world, either 
to China or indirectly pushing to China steel production from other countries which is being 
displaced by the Chinese. So this has already happened in the past, will happen probably several 
times in the future, can create some short-term weakness in the market, but at the end of the day, 
we should not lose sight of fundamentals and we are not taking our investment decision as far as 
we are concerned based on our vision of the next three months. We are taking investment decisions 
based on our vision over the next 10 years, 20 years, 30 years and in that respect, we see absolutely 
no change as compared with our vision of six months ago. 
 
We believe that on average over the next 10, 20, 30 years India will grow very significantly because 
the country is developing very fast that steel consumption will continue to grow, quite fast, very 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  Vesuvius India Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
fast in the years to come and that tomorrow as yesterday, the vast majority of Indian steel 
consumption will be satisfied out of local steel, domestic steel production. I do not imagine a 
scenario where the Indian government would be happy that 30-40% of Indian consumption be 
satisfied out of steel imports from China. This does not seem as a likely scenario for me and as a 
consequence we remain extremely positive and optimistic about the long-term prospects of the 
Indian market. Does it mean that we will never have a difficult year, absolutely no? We will have 
difficult years. I do not know if it is now or if it is 5 years from now or 10 years from now, but it 
is impossible in the steel market to have only good years after good years. I have never seen that 
in 35 years. 
Jinal Sheth: 
Second question, if I may, that out of the Rs.500 Crores of capex, how much have we completed 
and the remaining, how long do we intend to finish that over and are there any additional plans as 
well for capex? 
Patrick André: 
In fact, we are already a bit above. If we look at what we have invested, the Vesuvius Group in 
India over the past few years, we are already crossing as we speak, this Rs.500 Crores. And we 
have plenty of other ideas. Next to what we have already implemented, you know that we have 
inaugurated today two new production lines in Vizag, in AlSi Monolithic and in Basic Monolithic, 
after the Flux plant that we inaugurated in April. We will have a new plastics plant which will 
come on stream next year. And we have already on the drawing board many other ideas which will 
be discussed when implementation will be launched. But I think we are on a very good track not 
only to exceed our Rs.500 Crores, but we will probably be quite close to Rs.1,000 Crores invested 
in India in the very few years to come when all our investment programme and ideas will 
materialize. 
Jinal Sheth: 
Okay and my last question from my end is that Vesuvius has been very strong in the advance of 
flow control products. In the last few years, have we gained market share by entering new products 
as well in India? 
Patrick André: 
Yes, we continue to introduce regularly new products in flow control in India and we will continue 
to do so. We continue to invest in research and development twice as much as our nearest 
competitor. A very significant part of this investment are done in flow control even if we invest 
also in other refractory products but this gives us a strong technology advantage in flow control, 
which is rather reinforcing itself than the other way around. So, we have continued to gain market 
share and our ambition is for the foreseeable future to continue to gain market share in India going 
forward. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
My name is Lakshminarayanan from Tunga Investments, Bangalore. So, a couple of questions. If 
I just split our business into two, one is flow control and advanced refractories. 
 
In flow control, again, there is tundish flow control, there is ladle flow control, and furnace flow 
control. In tundish, we are number one, and ladle, we were number two. And our furnace flow 
control was limited. So, I just want to understand over the last five to seven years, have we 
increased our competitive position in ladle flow control, as well as the furnace flow control? That 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  Vesuvius India Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
is one question. Second, when it comes to the lining, again, if I split it into tundish, ladle, and 
furnace, we are strong in tundish lining, I believe. What is our view on the other two products? 
Because of all this inauguration of new units, are we plugging these white spots? 
Biswadip Gupta: 
Thank you, Mr. Lakshminarayanan. You are right about the flow control thing, but there is nothing 
called furnace flow control we do not have so it is basically tundish, ladle flow control product and 
application there. The other parts are the ARD, which is the advanced refractory division. And if 
you see the refractory market where we work in, there are very distinctive areas, one is the ladle, 
tundish and then before the ladle, where the steel is made and before that where iron is made which 
is the blast furnace area. So, we have always been specialist in the flow control of liquid iron that 
comes out of blast furnace, which is a trough management. The products applied there are mainly 
coming from ARD linings, that is from Vizag areas. That is the blast furnace, trough management 
and the lining management, the spray masses. If you go down in the converter side or where the 
iron is converted into steel, we were not present inside the vessels. The working after that steel 
which comes out from the vessel when it comes to the ladle, we worked on that, so ladle we were 
doing everything which was controlling the flow from ladle into tundish and tundish into the 
moulds where the liquid steel converted into solid steel. So, I am just giving you the background 
because there was a significant area of refractories which are basically the lining of the blast 
furnace inside, lining of the vessels which is making the steel, lining of the ladles. We were not 
present there at all. So, we were focused on certain niche areas as we call, where the quality and 
technology of  (inaudible), I am not saying that the other areas are not susceptible to bad quality or 
technology, but what I am saying is the degradation of steel quality happens mostly where it is 
exposed to air. And this happens in these areas where we are operating. So, if you ask about market 
share per se, in the areas where we operate, we still maintain very high market share. But if we 
take the global refractory market, we are still about 12% is our total global market share, but in our 
own areas, where Vesuvius is operating, we are talking of about anything between 50% to 55% 
market share and the rest are taken up by other companies. So, this is the way we are. Now how 
we plan to go ahead in the future is something that we are working on, strategies etc. going on. But 
as far as currently we are working mainly in these areas of controls. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Got it. See we have increased our capacity to almost 250,000 tonnes is what we want to increase 
our capacity in the advanced refractory plant, right? Now, by when the 250,000 tonnes plant would 
come and are we creating market or are we taking market share from someone and what is the 
revenue potential for that delta which is 250,000 tonnes which we are planning in Vizag that is 
one. Second is if I look at the VISO plant in Kolkata, we have increased our capacity by almost 
50% right. Do we have place in Kolkata for adding more or what kind of utilization you are running 
in because that is where the entire flow control, the shape refractories are made, I believe. 
Patrick André: 
To your first question, the 250,000 tonnes are basically here today because we inaugurated them 
today. So, in fact, it is the end of the year, between the end of November and beginning of 
December, but these 250,000 tonnes will hit the ground in the coming few weeks and will enable 
Vesuvius India to continue to grow in the coming months and years, but it is immediately available 
at a few weeks from now. How do we grow? By both following the market growth and ticking 
market share. Our ambition is at minimum follow the market and our ambition is to grow a bit 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  Vesuvius India Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
faster than the market, meaning to grow our market share for these products that we are installing 
manufacturing here in the Vizag plant because we will have in Vizag the most modern equipment, 
the most modern technology enabling us to propose to our customers new recipes, new products 
enabling our customers to create more value in their own process. And we believe that with such 
value proposition we should be able to gain market share in the coming months and years and this 
is clearly our ambition. On your second question regarding to Kolkata, the answer is yes and we 
are already working on it. We have achieved a few months ago a capacity increase of 50%. We are 
already studying the next step of further increase of our capacity in Kolkata. And yes, we have the 
room available to do it. We have taken care of that. We are making room in Kolkata to enable the 
further capacity increase in this plant, which is already one of the most efficient VISO plant in the 
world and will probably soon become not only one of the most efficient but probably one of the 
biggest, if not the biggest. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Got it. My last question is that see Vesuvius is always known as a partner to integrated steel plants, 
which is maybe 70-80% and the rest of the things, which is like the, not integrated steel plants did 
not have a play, I think couple of years back. Now with this capacity coming in, are we going to 
address that particular thing, which is like, less than maybe 1 million tonne plants and so on that is 
one. And second, if you look at the India's different way of steel making, there is electric induction 
route, which is around maybe 20% or 25% where we do not have a play. So, these two areas, which 
is electric induction furnace based, as well as these non-integrated steel thing, is there a play for 
us, which we were not there several years back, and whether these capacities are going to help 
those wide spaces. That is all. Thank you. 
Nitin Jain: 
So, the topic of smaller steel plants, what we call mini mills, it is not that we were not present. We 
have been present in these plants for many, many years. And we have been partnering to help them 
in improving quality, productivity cost. But what has happened over the last few years, we see that 
the plants are increasingly more focused on high technology steel. These are the plants which are 
producing steel for special applications. You have plants producing steel for example, stainless 
steel plant producing for blades, for utensils, you have plants producing for vessels. And these are 
the plants where the type of alloys that they cast are relatively high value alloys. So, we find 
ourselves in a very interesting situation as customers start to upgrade their quality and performance 
towards better quality steel. The product that we have, starts to become increasingly more 
interesting. And yes, in last couple of years, we are seeing very good momentum and very positive 
progress in what we call mini mills and we start to see engagement in these plants not only on core 
structure but more so on quality and performance. 
 
So yes, we are there in mini mills and it is an area where we start to see good momentum and an 
area where we have good potential growth in months and years to come. Regarding the topic of 
induction furnace, that is a segment that we do not address today. And that is the fact. But that is 
an area that we are studying as we are studying other growth opportunities to look at whether it 
makes sense for us to participate and in what product portfolio and how would we create value. At 
the end of the day, Vesuvius is a technology company. It only makes sense for us to play if we can 
win and add value to customer. So, unless customer has need, which often they do, where we can 
add value in terms of quality, performance, productivity, then it will make sense for us to play. But 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  Vesuvius India Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
yes, induction furnace, we do not have much presence. We have small presence on some induction 
lining, but that is an area that we are studying at this point. And in weeks and months to come, I 
am sure and certain that we would be able to look at product portfolio that might be interesting for 
them. Thank you. 
Dhawan: 
Hi Sir. This is Dhawan here from AlfAccurate Advisors. So basically, I just wanted to understand, 
you already highlighted that Vesuvius is a technological company. So based on the technology, 
what kind of technological developments you are seeing in the refractory side and how Vesuvius 
versus the other competitors in India is placed at this moment, if you can share thoughts on this. 
And plus, the other competitors are also increasing, the capacity in the monolithic or the other 
flow-based refractories. So how do you see the pricing environment at this moment in India, given 
that the demand outlook at this moment is bleak in steel sector? 
Patrick André: 
Thank you very much. It is a very large question, but I will try to answer in a summarized way. 
Generally speaking, in India’s case, the type of steel being produced are more and more 
sophisticated. We see that in every country in the world and we see that also in India. Year after 
year, the mix of steel being produced in the country is becoming more and more high level, more 
and more sophisticated. And it is a trend which we see continuing in the future in India. And the 
best way I could describe the job of Vesuvius, what is Vesuvius? Vesuvius is helping steel 
producers produce more and more difficult types of steel. We are not very differentiated vis-à-vis 
our competitor to produce simple type or commoditized type of steel. But when steel becomes 
more complicated to make, either because the characteristics of the steel are difficult to reach or 
because the way of producing the steel since strip casting for example is difficult, the process used 
is difficult, then the difference of Vesuvius technology, Vesuvius technology really makes a 
difference. And the reason why we are investing in R&D is because we are permanently inventing 
new products to help our customers break new technological barriers. We measure our level of 
innovation with a parameter or KPI, which we call new product sales. New product sales is very 
simple. It is the percentage of sales in a given year made with product, which did not exist five 
years before. And this percentage, which used to be a little bit less than 10%, between 9% and 10% 
eight years ago, is now 18%. And we believe that we will reach and stabilize at above 20% as from 
next year. So, it gives you a measure of the innovation and innovation capabilities of the Vesuvius 
group. And within Vesuvius, flow control is higher than that. You have three business units. In 
flow control, we are higher now than this number. So, it gives you an idea of the way the portfolio 
of flow control products rejuvenates itself permanently to the benefit of our customers. 
 
This is what enables us to continue to grow and gain market share, including here in India. So, we 
are very optimistic that despite the fact that we have a lot of competition, we welcome competition. 
I think competition is what keeps us on our toes, is what forces us to be even better in innovating. 
So not only we do not fear competition, but we really welcome competition. We are quite positive 
about the fact that we will maintain a technological edge going forward. And on your second 
question, the fact that many companies are investing in India, I think it is normal, India is the fastest 
growing steel market in the world. Everybody knows it, so it would be very surprising not to see 
other companies interested in investing in India. And I think it is good. It is good for India. It is 
good for the country. It is good for the development in India. And again, we welcome competition. 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  Vesuvius India Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 19 
We do not see competition as a problem. Competition is what again keeps us on our toes, forces 
us to be better, to be innovators. And we have always had competition. Competition did not start 
six months ago, since Dip (Mr. Biswadip Gupta) created Vesuvius India 30 years ago. The past 30 
years, we have developed with competition, and we will continue to develop in the next 50 years 
with competition. And again, we have very good competitors, competitors, which we respect a lot, 
but our job is to be better than them and we have done it in the past and we have the firm intention 
to continue to do that in the future. 
Mohan Krishnaswamy: Sir this is Mohan Krishnaswamy. I am an individual investor. My question was more with this 
whole decarbonization move in the steel industry, where eventually there is an effort to change the 
fuel to hydrogen or green hydrogen, whatever it is. Some companies already started. Now, does it 
in any way affect the refractory consumption of ours, if in a blue sky scenario, the fuel mix changes 
from coking coal to hydrogen from a content, per tonne of refractory for a blast furnace? So that is 
my primary question. 
Patrick André: 
The global answer is in fact, it has very little impact on us. For several reasons, first because our 
flow control products, which are the main foundation of the Vesuvius business, are consumed as 
you know at the continuous casting stage of the steel process. So, what happens upstream before 
that if the steel is created in a blast furnace, in an electric arc furnace with coking coal, with gas, 
with hydrogen, is more or less neutral because you always need a continuous casting operation 
after that. So, the sale of flow control product are in fact completely independent of the 
decarbonization trend, meaning the decarbonization trend is neither the tailwind nor headwind for 
our flow control business. For the advanced refractory business, it is more a change in the nature 
of products being used. The overall refractory consumption in advanced refractory, I do not believe 
will decline because of decarbonization. It may well be the other way around. It may even increase 
a little bit because of decarbonization. So, I would say more or less neutral for flow control. And 
in case this decarbonization really happens, I will come back to that, it could be a big positive 
probably for advanced refractory. And the reason why I mentioned in case is because as you know 
in fastest growing steel country in the world everything is blast furnace. So today if you look at the 
world, everybody talks about decarbonization, but all the growth, 90% of the growth in the steel 
industry, which is today happening in India, is happening with good old blast furnaces and coking 
coal. 
 
So, for the time being decarbonization is more in the talks than in actions on the ground. It will 
probably change because I do not think it is sustainable, if you ask my personal opinion, but for 
the time being, it is blast furnace, blast furnace, and blast furnace. 
Menon: 
Hello Sir Menon from MKB Securities. My question is with respect to you are we putting up so 
much capacity in India, one if you could give us some granularity as to what portion of your 
capacity is at refractory and what portion of your capacity ………. (audio not clear). Since you 
have all of this capacity in India, is there any plan to make India an export base for other countries, 
whether Southeast Asian or elsewhere? And if you could just give us some color on that, that would 
be great Sir. 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  Vesuvius India Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Patrick André: 
To cut a long story short, all the expansion we have been doing in Kolkata, in VISO and the flux 
plants in Vizag are flow control. The AlSi mono and Basic mono that we have invested in Vizag 
are advanced refactory. Knowing that in our definition, lining, tundish lining is advanced refactory, 
it is not flow control. Other companies consider that tundish lining is flow control. For us, tundish 
lining is advanced refactory. So, in that respect, in terms of number of tonnes, of course there are 
more tonnes of capacity increase in advanced refactory. In terms of value of the product, it is kind 
of balanced between advanced refactory and flow control. And it will be in the future. I was 
answering a question on Kolkata. We intend to continue to grow and expand our isostatic 
production in Kolkata and we have in our plan the possibility to introduce other flow control 
product lines than the isostatic product in India going forward and most probably here in Vizag. 
Talking about export, our business model is not to export. We do not use today and we have no 
plan to use in the future India as a base mostly for export. It does not mean that we will not export 
from India. We are already exporting a little bit of our production from India to Southeast Asia in 
particular. We could export to other customers elsewhere on opportunistic basis going forward. So, 
we have done it in the past. We will continue to do it in the future, but our capacity in India is 
mostly reserved. The priority of our investment in India is for our domestic customers here in India. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
My name is Sahil Sanghvi from Monarch Network Capital. I am a sell-side analyst. First of all, 
congratulations. I think the way you guys have performed that is sometimes incredible actually. 
Just wanted to understand this a bit more better. We have been taking a two, three year view on 
your company when we pitched this to funds also but to understand the business dynamics, the 
question I have is that in the first half of CY2024, while the steel production grew, maybe first 
quarter was really good, but second quarter was I think probably 4-6% growth. I mean third quarter 
was really subdued when it came to that. In the first half, your revenues grew more than 15% I 
think and the third quarter was a little subdued when the revenue growth came. I think it was 
something like 7-9%. So, I wanted to understand this contrast on how we are so different in these 
periods as compared to the steel production. Is it the pricing issue? Is it related to some contracts? 
What has changed? What is the dynamics, how this works out? 
Patrick André: 
I will leave Mohinder to give you some more detailed answer on this question, but before Mohinder 
gives you some answer, I would like to come back to a comment I made earlier. 
 
In the steel industry, do not look at quarters. If I have one advice to give, do not look at quarters. 
You will have good quarters, you will have bad quarters. If you want to look to make an assessment 
of a performance of a company, take long-term average. Look at what we did over the past five 
years and what we will do over the next five years. Because the steel industry is first cyclical, you 
have good quarters, bad quarters. So, the companies operating in the steel industry have good 
quarters and bad quarters. You cannot extrapolate from one given quarter about the quality of the 
company and the quality of the strategy. And especially, because it takes months, sometimes years 
to win a new contract to gain market share, to displace a competitor, it takes years. And then when 
it works, you have a step improvement and then you wait for another one year or two years before 
winning another contract, and then you have another step. So, to judge our performance quarter by 
quarter could be very misleading. Either we could be too optimistic or too pessimistic. I believe 
we are doing a good job, but not because we have such or such good quarters, but because on 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  Vesuvius India Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 19 
average, our performance over the past five years is quite good. And this is the way we are 
internally judging our own performance. 
Mohinder Rajput: 
So, very interesting and correct observation about the quarter on quarter growth in sales. In our 
business, what happens is, let me talk about the quarter in which you saw the very high growth. 
Since you cover the steel sector you might have also seen in the news certain ultra mega big blast 
furnaces were being commissioned. Now when that happens our business also gets a sudden boost 
because when you set up a new blast furnace and we have the trough contract, you get initial boost 
because the blast furnace is being started up and then it sort of levels out, it normalizes over the 
next quarter. So that is my hint on what happened in that particular quarter. And in the subsequent 
quarters, you must have also noticed the steel production in India is growing, yes, but the rate of 
growth slightly dipped. What was happening in those quarters is actually something that happened 
very near to where we are sitting. It is in the public domain in Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited. They 
have three blast furnaces, two were running, one was shut down because of cash flow issues. Now 
that has a direct implication for our business because if one blast furnace shuts down, you produce 
less hot metal. It impacts our revenue from the blast furnace refractories but since you have less 
hot metal, less hot metal goes downstream in the steel side, so it then affects us on our steel 
refractory revenue as well. This is what explains the fluctuation in the revenue growths but overall, 
if you see, the trajectory is still upwards. 
Questionnaire: 
We have been investors in Vesuvius I think since more than 15 years. So, my first question was on 
the new products especially on the advanced refractory side, which we are making in Vizag. So 
apart from the two products that we have already given the public announcement, any colour on 
further products that we are looking at on the advanced refractories in Vizag because I believe that 
the Vizag facility is I think about 21, 22 acres and we have used hardly I think maybe one, two 
acres. So, any sense on how the new product introductions will happen over here, both on flow 
control and advanced refractories? But I believe largely it would be advanced refractories here. 
And a related question on the advanced refractories as Patrick, you just mentioned that it takes time 
to get new customers for getting the market share. So, we have these two new products that we 
have just launched today or inaugurated today. 
 
How easy or difficult would it be for us to displace the existing competitors who would be already 
supplying these products to the customers? And the last question would be on the TAM. We are 
expanding our product base. So, what would be the total addressable market broadly that we are 
looking of the total refactories in India, market size, how much would we be supplying then 
eventually once all the products are launched? How are we looking at the overall TAM in India? 
Because earlier I think we were more in the flow control and now we are expanding our TAM. 
Nitin Jain: 
Well, very interesting. So, in terms of the growth path, if you are talking about what products we 
would introduce and what we have introduced, so what we potentially are better to talk today is 
what we have done so far. What is more difficult to talk today is what we have not concluded here 
or agreed on. But if you look at in general Vesuvius market share in India, where we are present. 
Overall, we are 10-12%, if you look at a global picture, but then in the area where we participate, 
we have significant leadership position, where we continue to add value and customer continue to 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  Vesuvius India Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 19 
get benefit from our technology. Now that being said, there is still significant part of the market 
technically 90%, right? If we are 10%. Market, which we do not address that today. But if you look 
at Vesuvius group and it might be interesting for you to sometimes spend time on group website 
to look at what different product portfolio that we have and what we are doing in India, you will 
see that the portfolio of technology that exists in Vesuvius group can and do address significant 
part of the markets. Where we have plans, maybe not in India, but elsewhere or where we have a 
strong product portfolio and market presence, not in India, but in other geography, which enable 
us to pick and choose what we think will add value for customer. Again, we are not interested in 
market share. We are not interested in volumes. What we are interested in, if we are able to help 
customer to enable their own growth, which is in terms of quality, productivity, safety and all that. 
Now that being said, the investment that has been made, if you look at last two, three years in 
different product lines in India, the focus has been these investments should not only enable us to 
deliver more volume, but specifically to be able to introduce products that we do not have in our 
portfolio. So, the question whether we would be able to displace a competition, we do not look that 
way. Our focus is whether this product that we are introducing to Indian market will have value 
for customer. So, if it has value for customer, I am sure customer will value and we should be able 
to participate. So, in terms of what is our future plan, again, it is a very large market, and very large 
portfolio that we have in Vesuvius group. It enables us to pick and choose as we go forward. So, 
there are quite a few in pipeline. I think Patrick talked about additional product line that we will 
introduce by early next year, plastic. But along the way as we conclude in the board and we make 
the decision, we will be able to talk about it. 
Questionnaire: 
How would we look at margin and if advanced refractory has lower margin? 
Nitin Jain: 
Well globally if you look at flow control products, very true. Flow control, if you look at from a 
value-add perspective, if you look at tundish, the quality consideration for customers are much, 
much, much stronger when it comes to tundish versus a flow control product versus otherwise. 
And in general, globally, it is a true statement that margins tend to be lower. But again, our focus 
is not to go in commoditized segment. Our focus is to go in areas where we can add value. And if 
we are able to add value, we can expect that we would be able to have appreciation from customer 
in terms of price and margin. One topic which I think somebody asked earlier, in terms of capacity 
and competition is adding capacity, you are adding capacity, what will happen to the market? Well, 
it is an interesting question, but if you look at today, the capacity utilization of refractory industry 
in India, I do not have the number, but I can tell you, it will not be 150%, even today. So, if you 
look at very simple product lines such as AlSi mono, a monolithic product can be sold in market 
for Rs. 20,000 but can also be in the market for Rs. 2 to 3 lakhs, but one tonne is one tonne. So, I 
will not be worried about the capacity. We will only add capacity if we believe this will add value 
for customer. Again, we are not interested in volume and revenue. We are interested in creating 
value for customers. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Rajesh Kothari from AlfAccurate Advisors. We are PMS and AIF and we hold your company in 
our portfolio. So, a few important things which I wanted a little bit more clarity on is first, what is 
going to be your capital expenditure for current year CY2024, CY2025 and CY2026? Three years 
combined 2024, 2025, 2026 combined. 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  Vesuvius India Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Rohit Baheti: 
 If you look at what we have announced earlier in the past as well, that Vesuvius group will be 
investing close to Rs.1000 Crores in India that is Vesuvius group in totality. If you look at Vesuvius 
India Limited, if you just look at last 2.5 half years numbers which are in public domain, you will 
see that we have already invested close to Rs.360 Crores that is available in public domain. In 3 
months, time you will have the yearend numbers which will also talk about the significant two new 
plants. The capex of that will also come in public domain. So, what I would like to highlight is that 
the initial investment outlook, which we had given of Rs.500 Crores, we have already surpassed 
that. We already have a lot of capex in pipeline, which we have not announced, but are at various 
stages of internal approval process, because we have a very rigorous internal approval process for 
any new capex. For us, as I think multiple times it has been highlighted, we do not want to do a 
capex just because we are sitting on cash. We have always been a cash rich company. We do not 
want to do acquisitions because we are sitting on cash. We do not want to increase our capacity 
because we are sitting on cash. We would like to invest it when it makes business sense and that is 
the plan going forward as well. We already have close to 32 acres at the new site. So, there is 
enough land capacity which we have. So as and when new plants will come up, it will be built over 
the next two, three years. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
So out of Rs.1000 Crores capex total at group level, how much is likely to be Vesuvius India? 
Because you keep saying it group, group. So that confuses us. 
Rohit Baheti: 
We would not be able to give a split. But see, as I am telling more than Rs.500 Crores we have 
already spent in India. I would not be able to comment specifically for Foseco of numbers. But my 
request is we do not give specific capex numbers here. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Got it. And this Rs.1000 Crores is from which period to which period? CY2022 to CY2027 or 
CY2023 to CY2029. What is this time frame? 
Rohit Baheti: 
See when we announced Rs.500 Crores, I think this was announced probably around couple of 
years back. So, we have already surpassed that. And that is why earlier in the year, an 
announcement was made that the Rs.500 Crores has now become Rs.1000 Crores. This was made 
earlier during the year. So, this Rs.1000 Crores investment in India will happen over the next three 
to five years. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Got it. My second question is with reference to the capacity utilization ramp up, considering that 
and it is actually a little bit extension of what you answered to the previous question. Can you give 
us a little bit colour in terms of, what we all are trying to understand is that you have a complete, 
very large portfolio available from your parent side. And you are going to pick and choose when 
it comes to India customer, adding value to the customer that too at a margin at which you are 
likely to be happier am I right? So, all these things put together, what kind of a size of opportunity 
we should finally look because the 10% market share is not relevant, correct? Because 90% you 
may or may not want to be present in the entire 100%. So with the portfolio which is available to 
you and with the kind of capabilities what do you have and with the kind of requirements of 
customer what actually he likes it and with your pick and choose kind of thing is it safe to assume 
that you want to be present into 30-40% of the market is that the fair assessment?  

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  Vesuvius India Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Nitin Jain: 
Well, it’s an interesting question! 
Rajesh Kothari: 
I do not think so, I think you guys all have full answers. So, I do not think it is an interesting 
question at all. I think it is a very, very basic question and which we all are trying to figure it out 
for last 10 years believe me. 
Nitin Jain: 
So, it is an interesting question, again! I mean, the question is what percent of the market we would 
like to address. It is a difficult one to address. The reason being, we have not done the analysis out 
of 100% what percent we would like to address and what percent we would not like to address. 
Only thing I would suggest or say is that our hands are full. We have plenty of interesting ideas, 
some of them which are being executed. And as Patrick said, if you look at the growth over the last 
few years, I think it has been fairly positive progress. The only thing I can comment is I believe 
with the portfolio that exists, there is a large part of the market that we can address that we are not 
addressing today. 
Patrick André: 
It is a moving target. If I may, we are discovering every year that there are parts of the market 
which probably you would have asked us a question a few years earlier we would have said oh no, 
no it is not for me and after all may be there are some innovation potential in this part of the market 
so it mean that Vesuvius may have a role to play. The percentage of the share of the market where 
we believe Vesuvius has a role to play is significantly higher today than it used to be five years 
ago. And if you ask me, I am quite convinced that it will be even bigger five years from now. But 
we are not setting ourselves a number saying, oh, I want five years from now to participate in this 
percentage of the market. It is more linked to our innovation capabilities. We participate where we 
believe we can bring something. 
 
Where we do not believe we can bring something, where it is kind of commoditized, it is not very, 
very attractive and interesting for us. If you ask us about, are we interested by mag carbon ladle 
bricks, probably no, because I do not really see what we could bring there. Other type of bricks, 
yes, and then progressively we are expanding our playing field based on the evolution of our 
technological reflection. When we believe we can bring something that our competitors cannot do, 
or improve upon our competitors, this is generally a signal that it is worth investing more in this 
part of the market. So, we are expanding our playing field. So, I cannot tell you what it will be five 
years from now, but I can tell you that it will be bigger than today. 
Questionnaire: 
So, I have a question on margins. Like last two years, we have seen a significant improvement in 
the margins. And considering the trend that you are seeing that you are coming out with a lot of 
new products, which caters to high specialized steels also. How should one look at these margins? 
Like currently they are hovering between about say 18-20% above. Do we have more headroom? 
How do we create more efficiencies and kind of more value added products? So can give some 
colour on how the margins can, we should look at it. 
Mohinder Rajput: 
I would like to say, first of all on margins apology. We do not give forward guidance on the margin 
evolution of the company. However, I would like to say, we constantly strive to sustain the margin 
levels that we are and probably the biggest lever that we have to sustain, there are actually two 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  Vesuvius India Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 19 
levers that we have to sustain our margin position. The first is to continuously bring higher tech 
products to the market, which add more value to the customer so that we can then command 
premiums, which give us more margins. That is the first lever that we have which we continuously 
are striving to bring to the market. The second lever is, cost discipline so that is something that we 
also continuously on a daily basis focus to bring cost discipline on in the plants, in our procurement 
strategy, everywhere. So, apologies if I do not give you margin guidance, but hope this gives you 
some comfort on what we are trying to do here. 
Patrick André: 
Just to compliment Mohinder, I would like to reinforce what Mohinder said. At the end of the day, 
it is all about technology. If your product is doing more or less the same things that what everybody 
does, at some point the customers are smart, they are creating competition between suppliers, and 
so margin are what they are. If you want to increase your margin, you can only do that based on 
innovation by bringing to the customer something different something that competitors cannot 
bring, and then having an open, transparent, and honest discussion with customers, saying okay we 
are creating value, let us share a little bit. You take 90% of the value and please give us 10% of it, 
and then we can improve our margin. And this is exactly how it works in practice. Customers will 
not let us improve our margin if we would not give them something different and if it would not 
be beneficial for them. This is a very important fact. We can only improve margin if our customers 
improve also their margin with our products. We cannot improve our margin at the expense of 
customers. It never works. We can only expand margin if we help our customers improve their 
own margin. And this is why innovation is important. 
Rajesh: 
Hi, this is Rajesh from B&K Securities. I had a couple of questions. My first question was do you 
have any exposure in alumina-based refractories? And if so, we have seen a significant price 
appreciation in alumina, which has been affecting some of your competitors in the last quarter 
results. So, we have not seen it so far in your results. So is there any exposure and it is going to hit 
us sometime in terms of alumina refractories. 
Nitin Jain: 
The challenge in terms of alumina price is real. We are seeing the market for last few quarters and 
we believe quarters to come. Alumina price is expected to continue to grow stronger which is 
coming from number of external market factors especially  from a capacity of alumina production 
out of Australia as well as some bauxite supply out of Guyana. Now that being said, Vesuvius has 
yes exposure to alumina in our products. So, the plant that we commissioned today, alumina 
silicate, 120,000 tonne capacity is actually consumed, alumina is one of the raw material in it, as 
well as flow control. So, the question of alumina, yes, the raw material prices are going up. And it 
is not only alumina. Even magnesia prices are going up. And we have had some impact of freight 
dynamics as well in the last few quarters. So, we are exposed to that as well but that being said, as 
long as we have a very fair relationship with customers. So, typically, we come to the term where 
we are able to have a fair argument around the cost increase and compensation for it. 
Rajesh: 
Just a second question, if I could hazard on the impact of raw material prices, the steel prices being 
as low as they are. Is it going to be difficult for the industry to get a price increase in the near term 
from the steel industry? 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  Vesuvius India Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Nitin Jain: 
It is a challenge. Only thing I can say it is a challenge. And it is also true that the steel industry, 
because of high import of lower price steel from China struggling to some extent, not only in India, 
but globally in terms of if you look at margins. We do not have that strong problem of volume in 
India, but globally we do in terms of steel production as well. Yes, you are right. It is a challenging 
time from the perspective that the raw material costs are going up and customers are also struggling 
in terms of the steel price in the market but that being said, this is not the first time and this is 
cyclical in nature. If you are not discussing anything quarter and quarter, longer term, I do not see 
it as a challenge. 
Patrick André: 
It is a very good question but I would say unfortunately a very simple question. There is no choice. 
There is simply no choice. So, we will not sell alumina products and I do not think any refractory 
company will sell alumina products at a loss, simply because the steel producers are seeing their 
steel prices going down. We are a profit organization. We are not NGO. So, yes, we will increase 
the prices of alumina based product whatever and we will explain as we have done for the past 50 
years to our steel customers that we are really sorry and it is not a lack of solidarity. We feel a lot 
for our steel customers, but when alumina prices go up and for some products the alumina represent 
80% of the cost of the product, what we do. We will increase the price of alumina based products, 
as all and every refractory producer will, and steel producers, if they want alumina-based products, 
they will have to pay for it. 
 
And, by the way, when steel prices go to the roof, I have still over the past 35 years, to see a steel 
producer coming to me, who will pay our product a little bit more because we are making so much 
money that we will give you a little bit of it. Our cost structure is not the same cost structure as a 
steel, sometimes it is good for the steel, sometimes it is good for us, but it is not a lack of solidarity, 
it is simply what things are. And we cannot escape reality, we cannot and the steel producers 
cannot. 
Jonas: 
Hi gentlemen, Jonas here from Aditya Birla Mutual Fund. Two questions. First, if you can talk 
about the mold flux as a product line, that is something that we're doing for the first time in India. 
Is this product replacing something that is currently being used by steel mills or this is something 
that you spoke about in the last meeting as well there are certain products where you are looking 
to convert customers into using and if you just can give us a broad landscape of what are we looking 
at as a product line here given that one more of your domestic competitor has also announced a 
capacity for mold fluxes. Just curious to know the addressable market there. 
Patrick André: 
For us mold flux is a flow control product line on which we have a very strong market presence 
worldwide. And not only strong market presence, but a strong technology presence. Vesuvius 
started to integrate this mold flux product line 15 to 20 years ago with the acquisition of a German 
company called Metallurgica, which is considered as one of the best, if not the best, technologically 
advanced specialist of mold fluxes. And since then, we have been expanding this presence 
worldwide with a plant in North America, a plant in South America, which was our last acquisition 
seven years ago. And now we are continuing our deployment worldwide with this first plant in 
Asia, which we built here in Vizag, and where we have decided to build the best quality mold flux 
plant, which we could technologically imagine. So, we will be able to produce here in India, the 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  Vesuvius India Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 19 
same level, the same quality of product. We are already, since a few weeks now producing in India 
the same quality products as the one we have been historically producing in our metallurgical plant 
in Germany. And again, same reasoning as for the other product line, we are very much aware that 
competitors are also increasing capacity in India in the same product lines so be it. We again have 
a lot of respect for competition, but we believe we have a strong technology and based on this our 
ambition is to grow our market share in mold fluxes in India in the years to come and we are 
determined to do so. 
Jonas: 
So, is this a product where it is largely being imported or there are domestic capacities that meet 
and you will need to displace those domestic capacities or is it an import substitution? 
Patrick André: 
It is both, today as far as we were concerned, we were mostly importing from Germany. We have 
been importing for years from Germany this product. And if we look at the competitive landscape, 
you have both outside of Vesuvius, I mean, a combination of domestic production and imports. 
We will target both. 
Jonas: 
My second question was to better understand this refactory management services, which now 
accounts for about 50% of our sales. Given that you help the client become more efficient every 
time that contract comes up for renegotiation, he sort of tends to benchmark you to the last number 
of heaps that were provided. And that sort of, ideally should lead to sort of more and more pressure 
on margins because you will have to deliver more with the same or less product. And that is what 
we are technically seeing where the intensity of refactories with steel growth is in fact coming 
down. How should we think of the refactory management services as a percentage of sales going 
forward? Do you cap it at roughly 50% or that is the industry trend and you will go with the flow? 
Nitin Jain: 
If I can address this question, so as we go year on year and you have a fair point as you increase 
the let us say productivity out of a product for customer, their demand starts to go up. So next time 
they say, can you do more? And that is exactly where we excel. This is exactly what works where 
we are able to continue to introduce new product. These service contract with customers are very 
good source of innovation for us, where we learn, deliver, and in the next cycle, customers are 
saying, can you do more? And then we say yes. And that feedback into the technology R&D side 
of things where we are continuing to innovate. And when you do that, when you are able to 
produce, enable customer to produce X amount of extra production from your refractory, you 
actually enable them not only in improvement in their productivity, but it also enables them in 
terms of quality and cost. So, if you look at cost of refractory in a steel production, it is very small. 
So extra amount of productivity, the benefit for customer is much, much, many times more than 
the extra cost of refractory. So, typically in this situation where we are continuing to innovate and 
enable customers to produce faster, better, we actually benefit from that relationship and we enjoy 
that relationship. And the second question, whether the share of the service as part of the total 
business will grow, I tend to say yes. I tend to say yes, that it will. I think that will be a fair 
assumption. 
Biswadip Gupta: 
To add a couple of things and this is for generalized cost per ton or service contract things. Two 
things happen. One is the customer is not bothered what you are supplying in terms of quality of 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  Vesuvius India Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
refractories. So, you have a huge chance to innovate and improve, reduce costs and get better 
productivity from the same product, etc. So, there is a big pressure on us to do better constantly, 
number one. Number two, we are all missing out one major important point is safety. Today, all 
customers and especially steel where we operate is one of the most dangerous places in terms of a 
steel plant. Liquid steel at that temperature is very, very dangerous. So, it has a huge impact. We 
bring in the best safety practices in these management contracts. Be it robotic, whatever it is. We 
do a lot of work on safety practices because our people, our team teaches the customer the best 
way to handle these refractories. And I think this is something the customer appreciates. And they 
are ready to pay a little bit of premium on this sort of thing. So, safety is one aspect which I think 
we do not highlight much when we do technical discussions. But I think this is important. And if 
you see the records of Vesuvius safety, all the customers, all the big customers, we are talking of 
where service contracts are there. We have been awarded the most safe company that they have 
worked with. 
Kartikaye Krishna: 
Sorry, we have just run out of time. So just one last question, and then we have to close. Just one 
question, please. 
Viraj: 
My name is Viraj. I am from Jupiter. I am holding your share since more than five years. Now my 
question to you is, since you are telling me to look at the steel industry in terms of five years 
growth, if I were to visualize, Vesuvius from here from five years, say in 2019 we were at around 
Rs.900 Crores of top line, today we are at Rs.1800 Crores of top line, broadly doubled in five years. 
How would be the rate of growth in next five years? What is your vision on that? 
Patrick André: 
As you can imagine, I will not launch into the difficult exercise, I do not think any of my colleagues 
will do to tell you where the share price of Vesuvius will be five years from now. 
Viraj: 
I am talking about the sales revenue was Rs.900 Crores, today it is Rs.1,800 Crores. So, what will 
be the sales revenue from five years from now? What is your vision? You have doubled the sales 
in five years, if I look at the steel industry, if we see it in terms of five years growth. Sales not stock 
price. 
Patrick André: 
I think that the potential for Vesuvius, I would be very disappointed in the coming few years, I do 
not know if it is five years or six years or four years, but if in the coming 5 to 10 years, Vesuvius 
will not at least double its turnover, I would be very disappointed. I really believe that Vesuvius 
India has the potential to double its turnover over the coming two years. I cannot tell you if it is 
five years or a little bit less or a little bit more, but definitely we have a very, very strong potential 
for growth going forward. 
Viraj: 
So, my second question is, is it fair for me to dream that Vesuvius in the next five years would be 
a billion-dollar sales company? 
Venkatesh Subramanian: Sir I just have one question. My name is Venkatesh Subramanian from Logic Tree Capital, 
Chennai. Slightly off-the-cuff question. Sir one is the whole industry of refractories, you are 
focused on the steel sector. And I think 60-70% of the refractories are focused on iron and steel. 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  Vesuvius India Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
And there is another 30% which is focused on other metals, kilns, furnaces, incinerators; I think 
even nuclear reactors to some extent. And in India you are aware and everywhere else nuclear 
energy has also been coming back in a big way. Do we find space in that 30% refractories for other 
metals and other applications? Is there a point that you would consider in your blueprint? Second 
question is apart from products, when we are introducing all these new products across the 
spectrum over the next five to 10 years? What percentage of that revenue would be a recurring 
service revenue of the overall revenue when you maintain refractories for clients? That is all from 
my side. 
Patrick André: 
In your first question historically, Vesuvius was born in steel. Our strengths were born in steel. 
This is the initial technological expertise of Vesuvius. So, because of this, historically, we have 
been, I would say stronger than average in steel and weaker than average in non-steel applications. 
This has not escaped our attention. And our teams are now making significant effort and in 
particular here in India to progressively increase our presence in other sectors than steel. But we 
are doing it in a determined but humble way, or humble but determined. You can do whatever you 
want. We know that we have a lot to learn. 
 
That is the beginning of wisdom. We know that we have a lot to learn, and we are organizing 
ourselves to learn fast. So, I would expect that steel will remain for a very long time the dominant 
specialty of Vesuvius, but that you will see Vesuvius growing progressively in the non-steel sector. 
And your second question was service revenue. As Nitin said, if you call TRMS contract, the share 
may increase a bit going forward, but I would not call TRMS contract service revenue because 
inside the TRMS contract, the pure service part is a minority. So, a TRMS part is also a 
technological contract as Nitin explained. And they are not more or less recurring in practice than 
other contract. So, the customer can be sticky or can change in exactly the same way in a service 
contract or in a more classical old contract. But the share will probably increase a little bit here in 
India. On a worldwide basis less of use, because at the end of the day, customers have preferences 
which can vary a lot from one region to the next but here in India, there is a preference of customers 
for service contract. And as you know, customer is always right. 
Biswadip Gupta: 
Thank you so much. I think we have had a fantastic one-and-a-half hours plus discussion. We 
would like you to join us for some snacks. I do not know if you are traveling back today. If you 
are, please have a safe journey back because some of you had a delayed flight and all that. So let 
us have some coffee or some snacks. Thank you! 
