 
 
 
SOMANY CERAMICS LIMITED | Corporate Office: F-36, Sector-6, Noida, 201301 (U.P.), India 
Registered Office: 2, Red Cross Place, Kolkata - 700 001 | Tel: (033) 22487406/5913 
Corporate Identity Number (CIN): L40200WB1968PLC224116 
T: 0120 - 4627900 | customer.care@somanyceramics.com | www.somanyceramics.com | 1800-1030-004 
 
      Date: 4th November, 2024    
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai — 400 001 
Scrip Code: 531548 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai — 400 051 
Symbol: SOMANYCERA 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings call for Q2 of FY 2024‐25 pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
  
In reference to our earlier letters dated 21st October, 2024 & 29th October, 2024 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on the Financial Performance of 
the Company for the Quarter and Half Year ended 30th September, 2024 held on Tuesday,                 
29th October, 2024. 
 
The above information may also be accessed on the website of the Company at 
www.somanyceramics.com. 
 
This is for your information & records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Somany Ceramics Limited 
 
 
 
Ambrish Julka  
Sr. GM (Legal) & Company Secretary  
    M. No. F4484 
 
    Encl: as above   
 
Ambrish 
Julka
Digitally signed by 
Ambrish Julka 
Date: 2024.11.04 11:58:43 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
Transcript 
 
Somany Ceramics Limited 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management 
Mr. Abhishek Somany – MD & CEO 
Mr. Shrivatsa Somany – Head, Bathware 
Mr. Sailesh Raj Kedawat - CFO 
Mr. Kumar Sunit - Head, Strategy & IR 
 
 
SKP Securities Ltd 
Navin B. Agrawal | Head, Institutional Equities 
+91 98200 27446 | navin.agrawal@skpsecurities.com 
 

 
Somany Ceramics Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 10 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Somany Ceramics Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by SKP Securities Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Navin Agrawal – Head, Institutional Equities at SKP 
Securities. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Navin Agrawal: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Somany Ceramics Limited and SKP 
Securities, it is my pleasure to welcome you to this Financial Results Conference Call. 
We have with us Mr. Abhishek Somany - MD & CEO; Mr. Shrivatsa Somany - Head, Bathware; 
Mr. Sailesh Raj Kedawat – CFO; Mr. Kumar Sunit – Head, Strategy & IR. We will have the 
opening remarks from Mr. Somany, followed by a Q&A session. Thank you and over to you, 
Abhishekji. 
Abhishek Somany: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for the Earnings Call for Q2 and H1. As you must have seen, 
it has been a very muted H1 and a muted quarter. It has been weak domestic demand which got 
impacted largely by lower exports, which means that material was being dumped into India and 
also incessant rains across the country between July, August and September. 
Exports, to be precise, declined by 15% in H1 and declined by 40% from its peak of 2023 of Rs. 
2,000 crores and even if I take the average of last year, which was Rs. 16,500-Rs. 17,000 crore 
per month average, it is down to Rs. 1,280 crores in the month of August 24. Our sales, however, 
grew by 2.6% in Q2. The operating margin nevertheless remained the same as 8.5% in Q2, just 
like it was in Q1. There was a price pressure due to softer demand, which resulted in slightly 
more discounting at the end of the quarter. However, the product mix improved greatly in Q2, 
therefore, we were able to mitigate the higher discounting and maintained more or less the same 
average realization. 
The gross margin declined by 1.9% from 35.2%-33.3% basically on the back of capacity 
utilization. The capacity utilization was down on a console level by 4% from 81% in Q1 to 77%. 
This is one of the lowest we have been working at for some time now. And if you look at Y-o-
Y, it had gone down by 11%. Last year, same time it was 88% and now at this time it is 77%. 
Similarly, in Bathware, capacity utilization was at 82%. However, the faucet was at 100% 
capacity utilization. The other highlights are that the gas price largely remained the same in Q2 
and the bathware sales grew by 10%, which was better than the tiles growth of 2.6%. The product 
mix and the EBITDA at 8.5% everything corresponding was lower in Q2. The Tile segment, the 
Ceramic went down by 2% from 36%-34%. PBT went down from 30%-28% again by 2%. And 

 
Somany Ceramics Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 10 
this was all in favor of GVT, which went up from 34%-38%. This is what the tile mix was. As 
far as the bathware mix is concerned, the bathware was at Rs. 38 crores for the sanitaryware 
segment and Rs. 32 crores for the bath fitting segment up 9% and 12%, a total of 10% growth. 
The brand spend remains at the same level of 2% and the guidance says that it will remain at 
2.5%. Working capital days were maintained, 13 days in H1 as compared to 8 days in March 
‘24. So, we were kind of okay as far as the working days are concerned. The debtor days, the 
inventory days and the creditor days – the debtor days stood at 45 days against 48 days in FY24. 
Inventories were slightly up at 55 days compared to 49 days in FY24 and the creditors were 
slightly lower at 76 than 79. So, overall, working capital days is 13 instead of 8. 
The total debt stood at Rs. 315 crores, 70% of that debt is in two names which is Suda Somany 
which is our house plant which expanded 15 months ago, 18 months ago and the Max plant 
which started 9 months ago. The total term loan is Rs. 200 crores out of which we have a maturity 
of Rs. 40 crores this year. So, the net would remain at Rs. 160 at the end of the year and the 
working capital is at 115, so very much under control on the console level and at the standalone 
level, we are a net debt free company. 
The Max plant is running at 36% capacity utilization as expected. We were expecting 50% 
capacity utilization is lower than their expectation to 36% because of the muted demand in 
quarter 2, but this year end we are looking at a much better capacity utilization going forward. 
Because we are doing two more launches in this quarter and next quarter. So, that should 
augment the capacity utilization of the Max plant. So, other than that JV, which is still under 
losses, all the other JV's are performing better or at the same level as last year. We have made 
an investment of Rs. 3.7 crores in the Solar SPV, which should give us the benefit of Rs. 1.5-
Rs. 2 crores. This is now pending government approval, Haryana government approval as you 
know, the election was around the corner. So, with this, commission should come through and 
we should start getting these benefits very quickly. Otherwise, material cost and fuel costs 
largely remain under control. 
The guidance for next year for the H2 is that we should be able to do high single digit, low 
double digit growth, which means that we should be able to conclude the year in the mid single 
digits between the 5% and 6.5% growth. The EBITDA margins obviously from the current levels 
will go up by 1.5% if we achieve that with the caveat being that there is no surprise on the gas 
pricing, especially from a geopolitical point of view and the branding remaining at 2.5%. So, we 
should be able to improve the EBITDA by 1%-1.5%, which is basically in line with last year's 
EBITDA, considering that the growth is not as how we expected. 
We are looking at better H2 because all the festivities are over. October started at a decent note. 
So, we are looking at a good Q3 and a decent H2 and next year again we are looking at a better 
year with the real estate segment doing fairly well and all the buildings would come under 
completion and also we are hoping that there would be a reversal and trend of the export where 
the freight rates should go down from the highs. They have already started going down, which 

 
Somany Ceramics Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 10 
means that there will be the reversal in the export and a lot of the material which is in India 
currently would start getting exported. So, these are the highlights from Q2, overall, very 
optimistic, but not too happy with the Q2 results, especially due to rains and the lower export 
which put pressure on the Indian volume and also the value, also the pricing. So, over to you. 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from Lana of Snehal Talreja from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Just couple of questions from my end, firstly on the volume growth side, we have seen slightly 
muted volume growth versus leader, now this is second consecutive quarter where our volume 
growth is not aligning with the leader, generally it used to be largely in line. Firstly, we wanted 
to understand on that particular front and then I will just switch to my second question? 
Abhishek Somany: 
I think we have seen volume growth coming in certain companies, certain competition out of 
introducing a very low-end segment. So, if I had to discount that particular low-end segment, I 
think we are in line for the larger part of the normal volume which we have got. We have not 
lost any new brand or any new lower segments. It has been normal volume growth, that is one 
and number two, there are couple of states specifically one South state where there has been 
lower than expected volume as far as they are concerned. Thirdly, the Rs. 30-Rs. 35 crores which 
was taken the previous year, which is still in effect this year in the first quarter where last year 
we had a booster in the first quarter, so from that point of view, it is 1%-1.5% lower, but largely 
it is basically on the non-introduction of the lower price or lower brand from our side. We have 
business as usual. In fact, we are trying to premiumize the brand rather than go down on 
introducing a lower brand. 
Sneha Talreja: 
In fact, a related question that way one of the reasons why you have maintained margins despite 
the lower operating level is because of your product mix. Could you quantify where does your 
product mix stand in Q2 this year versus last year Q2? 
Abhishek Somany: 
So, we have had a pressure of about Rs. 4 square meter in terms of discounting, in terms of 
average realization. All of that has got mitigated with the product mix. So, the entire amount has 
got mitigated by the product mix. And I did mention on the call, GVT is now 38% versus 34%. 
Sneha Talreja: 
I was saying, based on the muted volume growth that we have seen in H1 and probably our 
outlook ahead, is there any revised guidance that you stand for FY25 both in terms of volumes 
as well as margins? 
Abhishek Somany: 
Yes, I think you missed my introductory comments. The guidance says that we should be able 
to manage single digit which is 5%-6.5% volume growth, which means that we would be in the 
double digits, high single digits, low double digits as far as the H2 is concerned. And as far as 
margin is concerned, we should be able to maintain last year margin, which means that it will be 
up by 1%-1.5% EBITDA from the current levels. This comes with the caveat that there should 

 
Somany Ceramics Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 10 
not be any other geopolitical issues which will spike the gas price. As of now, gas price looks 
under complete control, so if that doesn't happen then that is the guidance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Rohit from Samatva Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohit: 
Sir, first question is, could you highlight how has the demand been in South India for the overall 
Tile industry? 
Abhishek Somany: 
Now, across the industry, across the country, the demand has been muted. In fact, South is 
probably slightly more affected because the base was higher, but otherwise I think it is across 
the country where we have seen the muted demand. The rains have been completely across the 
country and covered the entire country. And also, from Morbi perspective, which is the cluster 
which makes tiles, a lot of that gets into South market because it is easy for them to transport by 
sea from the Kandla port, it goes directly into Kerala market, directly into Tamil Nadu market. 
So, from that point of view, South gets a lion share of Morbi produce other than the West. So, 
overall, the demand has been muted. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Vinamra Hirawat from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Vinamra Hirawat: 
Sir, I want to know the split between Metro Tier-1, Tier-2, Tier-3 and lower cities and I want to 
know like other consumer companies is the slow growth more pronounced in the metro cities 
that you are in? 
Abhishek Somany: 
So, our mix between Tier-1, Tier-2, Tier-3, 75% of our retail sales considering out of the total 
sales, approximately 75% we sell in retail, 25% we sell in project. So, out of the retail sale, a 
large part of the retail sale which is approximately 75%-80% of the 75, we are selling in the 
Tier-2, Tier-3, Tier-4 towns. And as far as the project sale is concerned, which is the balance 25, 
project is divided 50-50 or maybe slightly more towards the metro. So, most metros, which are 
Bangalore, Delhi, Bombay, Chennai, and most of these metros have become project markets. 
There is very little bungalows and IHBs, which are individual houses coming. These are more 
project markets and also replacement market. So, I hope I am able to answer the first question. 
I will reiterate 75%-80% of our retail sale comes from Tier-2, Tier-3, Tier-4 towns and 
approximately 50%-40% of rest of the sale comes from Tier-2, Tier-3 towns and the balance 
amount comes from metros. Your second question, whether the metros are slowed down more, 
or the Tier-2-3 towns is slowed down more, I think I don't have an exact BI because everything 
has slowed down. It is the Tier-2, Tier-3, Tier-4 towns also which has slowed and metros, I don't 
have too many surprises on the metros because metros I mentioned is a builder market and as 
far as the buildings are concerned in the metros, I mentioned earlier in the call that we are an 
item which goes literally 3 months before delivery takes place for the consumer, that means 
largely built up centric market, we will only come into action in the metro in the next half of the 

 
Somany Ceramics Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 10 
year. So, Metros, I don't have too many surprises. It is what it is. I hope I am able to answer your 
question. 
Vinamra Hirawat: 
Sir, I just had a question on the export scenario as well, just firstly with the freight rates coming 
down, how much have the exports picked up by in the month of October? And secondly, with 
regards to exports as well, is it that easy for exporters to dump in the domestic market because 
unlike Somany, they don't have a distribution network. They aren't spending on branding, so 
why is it so easy for their tiles to replace ours in retail sales? 
Abhishek Somany: 
I will clarify that. So, export figures, the peak was Rs. 2,000 last year was Rs. 1,670 crores per 
month average, which totaled about Rs. 20,000-Rs. 20,500 crores of last year. August figures, I 
have, the latest BI, I have as of August. I don't have any published data after that. August was 
1,280. I believe this has improved to about 1350, which is what my information is from Morbi, 
but nothing beyond, which means that the export this year will be anywhere between Rs. 14,000-
Rs. 15,000 crores annualized compared to Rs. 20,000 crores last year. It is improving, it will 
only improve when freight rates go down and anyway the seasons kind of not there in November 
and/or December for most of the European and American markets, because whatever had to 
leave the country has left. Christmas stocking has taken place. Now the next export for these 
markets will happen only in December, which will be reaching their port in January after 
Christmas. As far as your second question is concerned, you are absolutely right. So, the problem 
is not of the volume which they are selling in India. In fact, if you see the domestic industry, the 
domestic sale is a negative growth. The industry has grown negatively. The problem is not of 
volume. These guys because to run their cash flow they are putting pressure on pricing. So, when 
they put pressure on pricing, the trade inventory goes down because the trade is always unsure 
as to what the price would be next week, so therefore, if you see that trade inventory currently 
is not very high and as a result we have been forced to lower our capacity utilization from 81-
77. Normally, if the trade would have been more effective, we would have been able to push 
some stock in the trade and make our capacity utilization slightly better. I don't think it would 
have had super duper numbers, but it would have been definitely better than what it is now. So, 
this is the vicious cycle where export not happening puts pressure on the pricing, putting pressure 
on pricing, the shopkeepers are very weary of what is going to happen next. Therefore, they are 
stocking less. Therefore, they are stocking some vanilla items. They are not stocking so much 
of the value-added items and as a result, our capacity utilization has seen a downtrend. I hope I 
have been able to answer. 
Vinamra Hirawat: 
So, you had stated the festive demand should bring, October marks the start of the festive season, 
if we can have, what kind of volume growth have we seen this month, any indication on that? 
Abhishek Somany: 
So, this month is better than it was the same time last year, 3 days or left for the month. But as I 
speak, as of today versus last year, same date, it is slightly better and if October being a Diwali 
month is better, there is a lot of issues considering November and December completely clean 
month for us. Last year, mid-November or Diwali, we lost one week before, one week after. 

 
Somany Ceramics Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 10 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Keshav Lahoti from HDFC Securities, 
please go ahead. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Sir, what we understand the industry leader is low on project sales and they have a big plan of 
30% growth on this segment. So, how should we see like we already have a good presence, so 
it would be more like a 10% growth for Somany, or do we have scope to grow at a faster rate of 
20%-30%? 
Abhishek Somany: 
I missed the first part. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
The industrial leader talks about growing project business by 30% year-on-year for this and in 
fact next year also, although their mix is lower in the entire revenue pie, so how would be that 
for you? 
Abhishek Somany: 
I don't have the calculation. I can do that, but last we were at 80% retail, this year, we would be 
at 75% retail. So, I don't have the growth if that 5% goes up in project, which is between 
government and private projects. So, government also, I think the only people spending in the 
Indian industry right now, the government, so that is going up and with the RERA coming in the 
better builders we have started supplying more products to, so the mix is changing from an 80% 
retail to 75% retail. So, if I had to look at that 5% shift, the project would grow at about 25% 
more or less, lots of similar figures. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
So, you are talking about retail sales growth of 2%-3% for this year, if I assume project will 
grow at such a fast pace. So, how should we look, is it like the market is so weak or somewhere 
because of higher dumping by Morbi, possibly the domestic players have to lose market share, 
the big industry players also? 
Abhishek Somany: 
The lion share is project, and the lion share of the value is coming out from retail. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
So, is it right to assume the retail industry is growing by 2%-3% this year because that would be 
your growth rate for this year? 
Abhishek Somany: 
So, not really because a lot of these builders are not directly buying from us. They also buy from 
the retail. So, the smaller towns, most of the builders are buying from the retail. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
One last question, Max brand capacity utilization is around 36% for both Q1 and Q2, right? 
Abhishek Somany: 
Yes, correct. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
So, we haven't seen any ramp up in Max, ideally Q2 is a better quarter, and Max was a new 
plant. So, ideally the ramp up should be faster. So, why is that so? 
Abhishek Somany: 
So, exactly the point, if you, I mentioned on my introductory comments that Max, we were 
hoping that it would go to 50, but two reasons, A, most of the products of Max are for projects. 

 
Somany Ceramics Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 10 
Decent amount goes into projects which because of rains have been affected. Secondly because 
the price has been volatile and also the market has been down, the dealers have bought more of 
the slightly lower value added material than the Max material and therefore we are about 12%-
13% lower than what we had expected for quarter 2, very rightly said, but that should remain in 
quarter 3 and 4. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
One last question, I will ask, is your project and retail margin similar or project would be lower? 
Abhishek Somany: 
Project is lower, retail is obviously much better in terms of payment and in terms of margins 
both. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
So, as your mix is changing more towards project, so ideally your margin will take ahead because 
of this. So, what would that difference be? 
Abhishek Somany: 
The delta is only by 4%-5% is changing. So, out of that 4%-5% see government, so let us say, 
20% for my project and 10 and 10, actually 7% or 8% was the private project and government 
was 12%, so the lowest margins are from government. That is not changing very much. It will 
go from 12% to maybe 13%-14% and the private project will move from 7%-8% to about 10%, 
totaling 25%. That business has slightly better margins than the government, so the government 
part is the deltas only 2% we increase. And the private part anyway is slightly better realization, 
so it is not going to really take a large toll on the realization considering we are improving our 
value add mix. If we are able to pull off more volume, we will be probably in a better average 
realization this year than last year. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
So, just to follow up on this, so the 10% margin guidance, which is there for FY25, so normally 
if the 10% is for a company, how would this private project margin look like? 
Abhishek Somany: 
I don't have offhand on that from an EBITDA perspective. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next follow up question is from the line of Vinamra Hirawat from JM 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
Vinamra Hirawat: 
Sir, as I understand, we have had two issues this quarter, export dumping which caused lower 
prices and heavy rains. The good thing is that they both can somewhat be classed as…. if you 
can just give us some numbers on these issues, so we can understand what your growth would 
look like without them, like how many retail days did you lose because of rains? How much 
lower prices that the export players dumped into the domestic market? So, just some more color 
into like numeric evidence of the two issues that caused weak demand this quarter? 
Abhishek Somany: 
I won't be able to give you the number of days lost as per rain because that is state specific, but 
I do have numbers as far as what we have been pressurized in terms of the export dumping. We 
have had a 4% reduction in our average realization if I discount the mitigation by the product 
mix. So, if there is Rs. 4 decline in our average realization apple to apple that has been mitigated 

 
Somany Ceramics Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 10 
because we have been able to push slightly better product mix, so large part of it has got 
mitigated. So, that has been the pressure. So, let us say Rs. 4 has been the pressure and even on 
the value added, I am looking at only mitigation, but there also there has been pressure. Had it 
not been pressure, probably the value added also would have got sold at a slightly better price. 
Vinamra Hirawat: 
How much lower the prices that the export players are dumping in the market than our prices? 
Abhishek Somany: 
See, export, most of the unbranded guys are exporting, so it is really not yardstick or a 
benchmark, but the only problem is that they confuse the market, they confuse the dealers. The 
dealers feel that if this is going to happen, volumes are down, rains are there. Even the brand 
leaders may discount the product, which really didn't happen so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gunit Singh from Counter-Cyclical PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Gunit Singh: 
So, the guidance that you have given of about 6%-7% growth in FY25, I would like to understand 
what are the downside risks to it that you see? Is it a conservative guidance or is it optimistic 
from the management’s point of view when you give such guidance? 
Abhishek Somany: 
I would think that higher single digit is fair guidance. Looking at high single digit would be a 
good guidance. I wouldn't say it would be stretch guidance by any stroke of imagination and I 
would say that was a good guidance and higher single digit would be a fair guidance, so that is 
why I mentioned anywhere between 5% and 6.5% considering that we are at approximately 
0.6%-0.7% growth currently in the H1. 
Gunit Singh: 
Sir, what are the downside risks to this guidance, like you mentioned that monsoon as well as? 
Abhishek Somany: 
So, the downside risk is, let us say, it is lower than expected hypothetically. We are a net debt 
free company. Our balance sheet is strong, our cash flows are strong. Raw material prices are 
completely under check, namely gas and also other raw material prices. So, the downside risk is 
that we won't be able to increase our EBITDA from 1%-1.5%. It would probably be at the same 
EBITDA level. That is the downside. Fortunately, we are not debt company. It is a net debt 
company. Even on the console level, we don't have a large debt. So, that is the only really 
downside risk. I don't see any other downside risk. No other investments are taking place. All 
the investments have taken place. We have put in about Rs. 500 crores in the last 30-35 months 
to put in again with a completely good balance sheet. We are keeping our eye on our receivables. 
We are not extending or stretching on our receivables. So, I don't really see any downside risk 
considering that there is no capital expenditure, raw material prices are stable, and it is what it 
is. That is why, beyond the point, if the industry goes that way, like every other building material 
industry. All I can assure you is that we will not be behind any other building material industry 
or behind competition. 

 
Somany Ceramics Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 10 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Somany 
for closing comments. 
Abhishek Somany: 
Thank you so much, everyone. Optimistic about Q3 and Q4, like I said, October started well. 
So, hopefully things should be better and we have a clean 5 months ahead of us with not too 
many festivities which points the rhythm of the market. And I am wishing every one of you a 
very Happy and Prosperous Diwali. Happy Diwali to all of you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of SKP Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
