(4-T1Tff walit 	
44044) 
THE NEW INDIA ASSURANCE COMPANY LTD. 
(Govt. of India Undertaking) 
Phone 	
: 022 2270 8100 
'1:171-f974- 3ra7R 	: 	
ffzir7F0-4f rcirc41, 87, 	
OJ, -41-4 -400001. 
022 2270 8400 
Regd. & Head Office : New India Assurance Bldg., 87, M.G. Road, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001. 
Website : www.newindia.co.in 
CIN No. L66000MH1919G01000526 
Ref. No.: NIACL/CMD_BoardSectt/2024-25 	
14th November, 2024 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower 
Dalai Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor, Plot C/1, 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: (BSE - 540769/NSE - NIACL) 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on 12th November, 2024 
With reference to our letter dated November 05, 2024, intimating you about the 
conference call with Analysts/Investors held on November 12, 2024. 
Please fmd attached the transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
You are requested to kindly take the same on records. 
Thanking You 
Yours faithfully 
For The New India Assurance Company Limited 
Jyoti Rawat 
Company Secretary & Chief Compliance Officer 
JYOTI 
RAWAT
Digitally signed by JYOTI 
RAWAT 
Date: 2024.11.14 
17:50:26 +05'30'

The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
"The New India Assurance Company Limited 
Q2 FY2024-25 Earnings Conference Call" 
November 12, 2024 
Perfect Relations 
The Science of Image Management 
Management: 	
Ms. Girija Subramanian - Chairman cum Managing Director 
Ms. Smita Srivastava - Executive Director 
Ms. Chandra Iyer - General Manager (Finance) 
Mr. Vimal Kumar Jain - Chief Financial Officer 
Ms. Sreedevi Nair - General Manager (Motor) 
Ms. Sushma Anupam - General Manager (Health) 
Moderator: 	
Ms. Mamta Samat — Perfect Relations Private Limited 
Page 1 of 17 

The New India Assurance Company Ltd. 
November 12, 2024 
Moderator: 	
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY25 Analyst Conference Call of The 
New India Assurance Company Limited. 
As a reminder. all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call. please signal an operator by pressing "*- then "0" on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference has been recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Ms. Mamta Samat from Dentsu Creative PR. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Mamta Samat: 	 Thank you, Jacob. Good evening and thank you all for joining us on the New India Assurance 
Company Limited Q2 FY25 Analyst Conference Call. 
Today, we have with us the senior management represented by Ms. Girija Subramanian —
Chairman cum Managing Director; Ms. Smita Srivastava — Executive Director; Ms. Chandra 
Iyer — General Manager; Mr. Vimal Kumar Jain — Chief Financial Officer; among other 
esteemed management members. 
Before we begin, I would like to say that some of the statements that will be made in today's 
discussion may be forward looking in nature, it is subject to unforeseen risk and uncertainties 
and the actual results could materially differ. 
We will begin the call with the "Opening Remarks" from the Management after which we will 
have the forum open for the interactive Q&A session. 
I will now request Ms. Girija Subramanian, Chairman cum Managing Director for the "Opening 
Remarks." Thank you and over to you ma'am. 
Girija Subramanian: 	
Good evening to everyone. I am Ms. Girija Subramaniam — Chairman cum Managing Director 
of New India Assurance. 
Joining me on this call are Ms. Smita Srivastava — Executive Director along with General 
Manager (Technical); General Manger (Finance) and Mr. Vimal Jain — CFO. 
Firstly, I would like to thank all the participants who have taken time out for attending this 
concall. I would also like to express my gratitude to our valued shareholders, investors and 
analysts for your continued support and interest in our organization. 
There has been remarkable growth in the Indian insurance sector over the past few years. 
However. India remains under penetrated with general insurance penetration at around 1.10%. 
IRDAI, the regulator and government of India, along with various insurers are taking many steps 
to help increase insurance cover, bring down the cost of premium and educate people about the 
importance of insurance. Furthermore, we are witnessing increasing disposable income, 
increasing cost of medical expenses alongside awareness and willingness of the new generation 
to opt for a health cover. All this has helped increase penetration levels to some extent. 
Page 2 of 17 

The New India Assurance Company Ltd. 
November 12, 2024 
We firmly believe that this will only increase substantially with time. As many of you know, 
New India Assurance was founded by Sir Dorabji Tata in 1919. Our operations now span 25 
countries and we have maintained our position as market leader since nationalization in 1973. 
We have been rated AAA stable by CRISIL and the AM Best Rating of Financial Strength Rating 
of B++ (Good). long-term issuer credit rating of bbb + (good) and India National Scale rating 
(NSR) of aaa.IN (Exceptional) indicating that the company has the highest degree of financial 
strength to honor its policyholder's obligations. Additionally, we are recognized as a domestic, 
systematically important insurer by the IRDAI and our ISO 27001:2013 certified for IT security, 
placing us among the few general insurers in India with such high standards in data security. 
Also, we are the state insurer of the state of Gujarat and the union territory of Lakshadweep. 
This widespread footprint reinforces our dominant position in the domestic market and enhances 
our ability to serve a broad base, a broad customer base. 
The Indian general insurance industry has shown growth during the period ended September 30, 
2024. The industry grew by 7.03% with a GDP of Rs. 1,53,911 crores as against Rs. 1,43,798 
crores for the corresponding period for the previous year. Current trends suggest this figure 
would comfortably surpass Rs. 3 lakh crores by the end of this financial year. For New India, 
staying true to our motto, growth with profitability, we have strategically avoided loss making 
businesses that could not meet our pricing or terms, resulting in a slightly lower direct premium 
growth. The company's gross return premium for the quarter ended 30th September was Rs. 
21,408 crores. Our net earned premium for the quarter ended 30th September 24 was Rs. 17,028 
crores, registering a growth of 5.6% year-on-year. 
Our market share stands at 12.60% as on 30th September 2024 and we continue to be market 
leader despite highly competitive environment. As on 30th September 2024, the company has a 
net worth of Rs. 21,212 crores, investment assets standing at Rs.1,00,278 crores. The company's 
net worth including the fair value change account increased from Rs. 44,704 crores in March 24 
to Rs. 50,232 crores in September 24. The profit after tax stood at Rs. 288 crores as against Rs. 
60 crores and our underwriting loss has reduced from Rs. 3,632 crores from Rs. 3,862 crores for 
the corresponding period of the previous financial year. The incurred claims ratio has improved 
to 98.92% for the half year ended 30th September 2024 as against 101.03% for the corresponding 
period last financial year. The combined ratio stands at 120.55% as against 122.68% for the 
corresponding period last year and 120.87% for the year ended 31st March '24. Solvency ratio 
at 1.81x remains comfortably above the threshold of 1.5x. The company has a well-diversified 
portfolio of products including the recent launches of surety bonds. We are continuously striving 
to provide the best customer initiatives and services. 
Moving forward, our focus remains on digital initiatives, streamlining processes for increased 
efficiency and expanding our sales force particularly through our agency channels. In this 
direction, we have tied up with app players like PhonePe and WhatsApp-enabled sales facilities. 
I would like to assure our stakeholders that your company, recognized as a Domestic 
Systemically Important Insurer (DSII), is fundamentally strong and strategically well positioned 
Page 3 of 17 

The New India Assurance Company Ltd. 
November 12, 2024 
to cater to the insurance needs of the country, offering the best solutions to our customers whilst 
ensuring proper pricing of our products. 
With that. I now hand over to our General Manager. Finance. Ms. Chandra Iyer who will present 
the financial figures. 
Chandra lyer: 	
Thank you ma'am. I'll first give an overview of our company: 
We are the number one company in Indian insurance market with a market share of 12.60%. 
which is about Rs. 19,390 crores of premium in the general insurance industry. We are leaders 
in the major segments like fire, marine engineering, motor and health and aviation and we are 
holding our position over the past few years. Our company has a strong solvency of 1.81 times 
and we are having presence in 25 countries and network of 1,840 offices within the country. We 
have a diversified product mix with technical, competent manpower to manage the business and 
also a multi-channel source of distribution. We have shown our presence in the market to 
excellence in customer service and adopting technology for our growth and maintaining the 
market leadership. 
Our strategy for the company is to increase the profitability and increase the return on equity for 
our investors by increasing our market share, improving our profit margins and also we have 
restructured our offices to become more efficient and adopting digital transformation for our 
company. We are also intent on maintaining a healthy solvency margin and improving the 
margin in due course. The business mix is distribution through channel is mainly 33% is sourced 
through brokers and 29% is through agency source of distribution. We also have 29% of our 
business coming through direct channels and bank assurance and dealers are bringing 9% of the 
business to the company. 
The highlights of the financial performance for the year, we have a 12.89% growth in our GDPI 
and our return premiums and net premiums has increased by 5.60% to Rs. 17,028 crores. A profit 
of a tax after the quarter is Rs. 288 crores but if you would observe that in the previous year for 
the second quarter we had a loss of Rs. 200 crores which is now turned around and we are 
showing a profit of Rs. 71 crores for the second quarter. So overall we are having a profit after 
tax of Rs. 288 crores for the quarter ending September 24. Our networth has also increased 
including fair value, market value for investments, fair value change by 20.6% to Rs. 50,232 
crores which is a major achievement for our company as we have crossed the Rs. 50,000 crore 
limit. Likewise, the asset value investment assets has also increased to Rs. 1,00,278 crores which 
is another achievement feather in our cap. Our general reserves have increased, improved by 
6.5% and our results, in the incurred ratio and the combined ratio have improved over the 
previous quarter's position. Previous year, previous second quarter we had incurred ratio of 
101% which is now down to 98.9%. and our combined ratio has come down from 122.98 in the 
previous half year to current position of Rs. 120.76 crores 
Page 4 of 17 

The New India Assurance Company Ltd. 
November 12, 2024 
Moderator: 
Prachi: 
 
Chandra lyer: 
Prachi: 
Our product mix, major portion of our business is 47% which is contributed by Health and PA 
reserves, followed by motor business which is 26%. Marine business Fire contributes 15% of 
the business mix. Our technical reserves have improved from Rs. 50.165 crores in previous half 
year to current half year of Rs. 52.150 crores. There is an improvement in the key ratios which 
measure the company's performance. Our ICR has improved from 101 to 98.9. Commission ratio 
is slightly higher at 9.41 from 8.82 but overall the expense ratio has reduced from 13.13% last 
half year to current half year of 12.43%. Combined ratio has also seen an improvement from 
122.98 to 120.76% and as I mentioned before solvency ratio is now at 1.81 and our return on 
equity is 5.44. 
Segment wise performance of the company, the fire business has seen a drop in the ICR from 
98% to 77%. And other classes like motor, health, and other miscellaneous business have all 
seen a reduction in the incurred ratio with a small increase only in the motor TP business. So 
overall the incurred ratio has come down. To recap, the fire business premium has shown a small 
drop from Rs. 3,329 crores in the previous half year to Rs. 3,119 in the current half year. Marine 
business is up from Rs. 501 crores to Rs. 552 crores. Motor OD has dropped slightly from Rs. 
2,558 crores in previous half year to Rs. 2,528 crores in the current half year. Motor TP has 
increased from Rs. 2,678 crores to Rs. 2,917 crores which is an increase of 8.9% in this current 
half year. Health has likewise increased from Rs. 9,698 crores in previous half year to Rs. 10,116 
which is a 4.31% growth. Other miscellaneous classes have also seen a robust increase from 
1996 to 2176 which is a 9% increase over the previous half year. So overall from previous half 
year premium of Rs. 20,760 crores we are now at Rs. 21,408 crores which is a 3% increase for 
the company. 
So that is all from my side. Thank you. You may proceed with the question, if any. 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Prachi, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
My question is, the profit after tax has shown a 5x increase. What key factors contributed most 
significantly to this improvement? 
So if I may, I am Chandra here. Overall, you see that our underwriting result has improved by 
Rs. 230 crores. This is the main contributor. So basically, the key metrics of our claims ratio and 
our expense ratio have been brought under control or they are reduced over the previous 
comparable period. So, this has contributed to the increase in the PAT. So it is five times as the 
proportion, but the overall improvement is Rs. 230 crores. 
I also have one more question. Could you elaborate on the decision to focus on more profitable 
lines and let go of large renewals? How do you see this impacting premium growth in the near 
and medium term? 
Girija Subramanian: 	
Actually, it was a conscious call from the last almost more than a year now that we come out of 
bleeding businesses which are standalone and which do not impact other businesses of our 
Page 5 of 17 

The New India Assurance Company Ltd. 
November 12, 2024 
company. So whenever we find these businesses which are standalone and bleeding and bleeding 
across the protected period of time. I think we should move on if the price correction is not 
accepted by the customer. In case we have those businesses which have impact on other lines of 
business for us. wherever it's a bouquet of the entire business being placed with New India. then 
we normally try to talk to the client for the price increase and we see to it that somehow we bring 
about the price increase as far as possible in order to retain the client. But in many cases where 
the price increase was not agreed to, we have stepped away even from such businesses in the 
last year. It has had an impact on the topline for us, but it has definitely improved the bottomline, 
the way we are seeing in the results. And going forward, I mean, this ability to hold on to price, 
which is becoming more norm for us now, is paying off for us, especially in the health sector. 
And going forward also, that will be the way we will operate. 
Moderator: 	
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditi Joshi from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Aditi Joshi: 
Sushma Anupam: 
Sreedevi Nair: 
Just a couple of questions. Firstly, on the health side. In the last conference call, you have 
mentioned that you would like to go more aggressive in the retail health insurance segment, so. 
are you able to provide some update on that as in how are you doing in terms of price aggression 
as well as market share gains in that particular segment? Secondly, we saw some increase in the 
loss ratio of the motor third party line as well. So I just wanted to understand as in going forward, 
because of the limited price hike that we said is from our end, do you want to continue growing 
or would like to pull back to improve on the profitability side? Those are my questions. 
I am Sushma Anupam and I would like to share with you some important points about our 
journey towards focusing on the retail segment. Our initiatives have started paying off and we 
find that our growth in the retail products has been closer to 13%. So we have a very big book 
of senior citizens as well. So we do have products even for the senior citizens and despite that, 
if we are able to have a growth of 13%, I feel that all the initiatives and efforts that have been 
made in the past two years, particularly in the last year have really paid off very well. And as 
regards to the price increase or the other initiatives that are there, I would like to just mention 
that in the first two quarters, we did have many regulatory advisories coming our way. And we 
are happy to share that we have been compliant to all of the advisories placed by the IRDAI. 
And even on the major changes that came in the retail product range, we have managed to do it 
without increasing the cost largely. So that has been another favorable feature in this quarter for 
us. And I think that going forward also we would expect a good traction and the sustained level 
of growth to continue. 
Hi, Sreedevi here. So your question was on the profitability part of the motor segment even when 
the motor TP ratios are showing increase. So basically we should understand that the pricing 
reason motor TP has not happened for the last 2-3 years. So that is the major reason why our top 
TP ratios are going up, that also and combined with the higher awards that the courts are 
awarding and interest work part also. So these all are adding to the motor TP ratio. We are aware 
of it and we are looking at areas where we can improve the growth in profitable segments like 
private cars and two-wheelers. Commercial vehicles also we take care that we don't get the loss 
Page 6 of 17 

The New India Assurance Company Ltd. 
November 12, 2024 
making segments, so we have brought in a dynamic pricing also in most of the centers whereby 
we factor the correct price for commercial vehicles. And definitely during the remaining months. 
we will be focusing on loss control measures. both in on damage cover as well as TP claims. For 
TP claims. we have increased the number of compromise settlements that we do and we 
participate very actively in the National Lok Adalat's across the country. And in motor. Own 
Damage section. we have brought in digital loss assessment and again, garage and visits and 
surveyor appraisal system. So on the whole, we feel that we are on the right path towards 
controlling the losses in motor. Did I answer your question? 
Aditi Joshi: 
Girija Subramanian: 
Yes, thank you for that. Actually, I had just a couple of questions more if I can. Firstly, if you're 
able to share what will be, what does your combine ratio look like if we carve out the impact of 
natural catastrophic losses? This is one. And the second question was actually related to the 
expense ratio. Can you please highlight the reasons why the commission ratio went up? Yes, 
that's all. Thank you. 
You wanted to know whether what would be the impact if we exclude NATCAT losses on our 
combined ratio, right? 
If we adjust for those losses, how will the combined ratio look like? And then how much was 
the percentage point impact on the combined ratio from the natural catastrophic losses? 
So the combined NATCAT losses amount to somewhere around Rs. 600 crores to Rs. 700 crores. 
I don't have the calculation right now, but that would be the direct impact on the combined ratio. 
So Rs. 600 crores-Rs. 700 crores for the second quarter, right? 
Yes. Around 3% to 4% 
And just on the, if you are able to comment on the commission ratio as well, the reason behind 
the increase? 
Yes, because actually the commission ratios have gone up now because we have to be in 
competition with the market where everybody is paying more commission on certain product 
lines. We also have to increase commissions to agents, to our brokers so that we are able to retain 
our business. It is totally a market rated effect. 
Chandra Iyer: 
Aditi Joshi: 
Chandra Iyer: 
Aditi Joshi: 
Chandra Iyer: 
Aditi Joshi: 
Aditi Joshi: 	
Are you able to also share as in which particular line of business saw the most increase? 
Girija Subramanian: 	
Its mostly across all lines. 
Moderator: 	
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kishore Agarwal from Bajaj AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Page 7 of 17 

The New India Assurance Company Ltd. 
November 12, 2024 
Kishore Agarwal: 
Girija Subramanian: 
Just a couple of questions. So first is on the growth side. I understand in the last 12 months you 
have calibrated growth to focus on profitability. But if you look at the last 3-4-5 years, we have 
been losing market share to the private insurers as well overall lost market share. So what's your 
sense on when do you see that the loss in market share to start coming down? What's the medium-
term growth guidance for the company? That's my first question. So second question is. how 
long will it take for the growth calibration to sustain or to reduce the combined ratio? Because I 
think 120 combined ratio is still quite high. So in order to achieve a decent 14%-15% kind of 
ROE, you'll need to bring down the combined to let's say 100 and 810 sort of a level. So any 
guidance on that as well? 
Growth part, yes, we have been focusing on growth with profitability and therefore, since we 
actually de-grew out of some lines, you can see that loss of market share. And there has been a 
little bit of impact because of organizational re-engineering or re-transformation because of 
government directors, we had to have corporate business houses, retail business houses and those 
kinds of different offices, which are handling specialist businesses and also claims hub, so there 
was a little bit of HR reallocation that had an impact on last year's business. We see that we will 
be able to make up for that in the next 1 or 2 years. So this growth which we have lost due to 
organizational restructuring will possibly bounce back in a year or two. But where we need to 
grow back and bring in new businesses into our fold, that is something which we have strategized 
and put in as growth targets for our various offices. And if those growth targets are met, then I 
think we would get back our market share in a medium term of around 2 to 3 years. 
Kishore Agarwal: 	So in the next 2 to 3 years, let us say once this entire period of profitability gets over, you will 
be able to grow at let's say 10°/0-12%-15%? 
Girija Subramanian: 	
Yes, we expect to be in that range of 12% to 15% growth in the next 2 to 3 years. And also the 
same thing would result in a combined ratio coming down to the range of 105 to 107 in the same 
period because higher topline with the watch on the bottomline it surely will have a great impact 
on the combined ratio is what we believe. 
Kishore Agarwal: 	So, how long did you say, 2 to 3 years, is it? 
Girija Subramanian: 	
2-3 years period. 
Kishore Aganval: 	What is the current yield on the debt book that we are earning? 
Chandra lyer: 	
Our debt book is showing a yield of somewhere between 7% and 7.5%. 
Kishore Agarwal: 	And average maturity? 
Chandra lyer: 	
Average maturity is 3 years. 
Moderator: 	
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sahej Mittal from 3P Investment Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Page 8 of 17 

The New India Assurance Company Ltd. 
November 12, 2024 
Sahej 	
ittal: 
Chandra Iyer: 
Sahej Mittal: 
Chandra Iyer: 
Sahej Mittal: 
Chandra Iyer: 
Sahej Mittal: 
Chandra Iyer: 
I had a couple of questions. So first is. what would be the share of senior citizen book in the 
retail health insurance in the overall retail health insurance book? 
So it is almost about 30% of our book consists of senior citizens. 
30% of retail health or the overall health insurance? 
Of the retail health and this I am talking about the products which are dedicated exclusively to 
the senior citizens. So there are other policies also where we do have some continuing part of 
the senior citizens but it is a mix. So only our senior citizens is about 30%. 
And what would this number be one year or two years back? 
Well, I would put it this way that we are fortunate to have this book with us over a sustained 
period because these customers have been with us for quite some time and they continue 
renewing with us. That way we are blessed, I would say. 
The reason I am asking this is that the senior citizen book from profitability point of view is very 
high on claims ratio, right? Because once these customers mature and are aged, the claims ratio 
goes up. So, are you trying to understand from the profitability point of view? 
Certainly, it impacts the profitability. That is the entire reason why we have made more efforts 
in coming out with products targeting the other profitable segments and to balance out the 
experience that we have in the senior citizen book. So that is the way we are trying to manage 
the loss ratio. 
Sahej Mittal: 	
And what would be the claims ratio in this senior citizen, I mean policies or the book which is 
senior citizen dedicated? 
Chandra Iyer: 	
Actually, you know the senior citizen book if you see always has a higher loss ratio. It would be 
anywhere between 117 to 122. It keeps within that range. 
Sahej Mittal: 	
And what would be the loss ratio if you can spell out the loss ratio for your retail health and 
group health separately? 
Chandra Iyer: 	
Of late what I have observed is that there is not much difference between the retail and the group 
health segment. Mainly it is because of the medical inflation which is there. It impacts all 
equally. whether it is the retail segment or it is the corporate segment or it is the younger lot or 
you find senior citizens. Because particularly post COVID we have seen the complications that 
are coming up which are really giving us very huge losses even in the younger lot. So, if you 
have to make a comparison, I feel that it is evenly spread out as far as both the senior citizen and 
the non senior citizen part is concerned. 
Sahej Mittal: 	
But ma'am in the retail health book the loss ratio would be upwards of 100%. 
Page 9 of 17 

The New India Assurance Company Ltd. 
November 12, 2024 
Chandra lyer 
Sahej NI ittal: 
Sreedevi Nair: 
Sahej Mittal: 
Girija Subramanian: 
Retail it is less than 100%. 
And one thing is on the motor TP side. So we have seen that most of the other general multi-line 
general insurance players they have released their reserves in the motor TP book So have we 
done any reserve releases? 
In water TP actually we have proceeding with the correct provisioning as far as the provision is 
concerned because there is also another reason because we are booking it and as and when each 
year we are booking the third-party premium and here we are providing the correct figures 
including the interest also we provide each year. So provision is not released but rather it stays. 
We see that the correct provision is made in Motor TP. 
Just hopping back on the profitability bit. So over the next 1 or 2 years, when you're given that 
you have already gone through the organization restructuring, how do you see your loss ratios 
and combined ratios moving over the next 12 months to 24 months? 
In the next 12 to 24 months, we are making a lot of efforts in terms of having more standardized 
processes, having more supervision and monitoring across our offices, ensuring that offices that 
have been as per the reorganized framework expected to put the customer at the center of our 
existence, delivering on claims fast and being compliant with the new regulatory norms on TAT 
with regards to claims, etc. So with all of these improvements coming in and with the regular 
monitoring of our business procuring offices, whether it's a regional office or the corporate 
business houses, chasing the targets that are set for them, with all this monitoring, we expect to 
see a cleaner book with a better loss ratio, with a better combined ratio in the next two years and 
it's our goal to achieve a combined ratio of within 105 in the next two years. 
Sahej Mittal: 	
105% is the combined ratio internal target which you're having. Did I hear that right? 
Girija Subramanian: 	
Yes. 
Sahej Mittal: 	
And any price hikes you're planning on the retail health policies? 
Chandra Iyer: 	
Actually, if I can just share with you that in the last two years, we have had lots of changes in 
the retail products that we are having as regards to the pricing. We had to wait for the revision 
because of the pandemic which was there. So after six years; we had gone for the price rise and 
then following that, we also made some changes to make it, we gave up the band-wise pricing 
to come up with the edge-wise pricing and we came up with a three-year product also. So all 
these changes were already happening. So in the current, lot of changes that came through the 
regulation. We have not really increased the price in those products where already we had gone 
with the price raise in the recent one year. But then we had some products of ours where we had 
not gone for a price revision for almost five years or so. And in those products, we had to make 
some changes because the waiting period for PED has come down, the moratorium has been 
revised. So with all these changes, there is certainly going to be some impact over the outgoes 
Page 10 of 17 

The New India Assurance Company Ltd. 
November 12, 2024 
again. With these policies and these products alone, we made some very nominal price increase, 
but largely we have absorbed changes in the existing price range. 
Sahej \littal: 	
So no major price revisions which are planned in retail health policies or senior citizen policies 
despite them throwing higher claims ratios? 
Sushma rknupam: 
Actually as I mentioned to you, part of the price revision has happened in our flagship product. 
If you see the New India Mediclaim and the family floater price revision happened in the last 
year. So with that, we really do not wish to burden the policyholders with another very quick 
price increase. So right now, we have gone ahead with it. And we are also examining the impact 
of the price revision that has happened in the last year, because we are thinking even the loss 
ratios which I was mentioning to you, we feel that with this price revision we should be able to 
have some correction over it. So we would rather examine that and then decide if it is further 
what needs to be done because at the same time we are focusing more on the claims control part 
because any profitability cannot be just price driven. It also needs to have a second facet to it in 
terms of controlling the claims. So we are focusing on extending our PPN network in tier 2 and 
tier 3 cities because that is where we find a sizable population is there. And if we are able to 
achieve better network rates with those hospitals then we will have a better control over the 
claims. We have increased the audits and investigations. We have also recruited medical officers 
who are actively involved in the claims processing. So all these features and even better 
negotiations with the hospitals for the renewal packages, all these things alongside the price rise 
I think should be giving us better results. 
Moderator: 	
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devesh Advani from Reliance General 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Devesh Advani: 
Girija Subramanian: 
Actually, my question is, the gross premium return, there has been a muted growth in this quarter 
of around 2.2%. So what is the guidance as far as H2 FY25 is concerned, how the company plans 
to improve on the front of gross premium return? 
Yes, so since we are from Reliance General Insurance, you must be aware that there is a 
bloodbath in the market at the moment on major lines like fire and engineering. And even in 
other lines also, the price war is on. So obviously we are working in this market scenario. We 
are trying to get a little bit, write more of new business or areas that have never been penetrated 
before. So that is one of the agendas of the company. So we have given targets to our offices to 
write business that was not insured hitherto. So I think that part of the business will come in in 
the second quarter. It's a new business from there. But otherwise, the growth will be in tandem 
with market. I think a lot of growth is happening for new age insurers who have gone digital in 
a big way. So that's where we see the growth happening and we are trying to improve our internal 
IT systems and processes, bringing in more automation across our simple products which we 
can introduce into the market and also through the bank assurance medium. So this is the way 
we decide next 4-5 months we will try to bring in more new business through these lines. 
Page 11 of 17 

The New India Assurance Company Ltd. 
November 12, 2024 
Devesh Advani: 	 Any figure as to what we are expecting for the gross premium return in the coming H2 or in the 
coming year? 
Girija Subramanian: 	
Expected growth. right now it's at sub 3%, we expect it to grow around 10% by the end of the 
year. 
Moderator: 	
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Rishikesh from RoboCapital. Thank you. 
You may proceed now. 
Rishikesh: 	
Ma'am, you just shared a 105 combined ratio target for which if we see the claim ratio needs to 
go down as well, maybe below 90 or some odd levels. So, I would like to know what exactly is 
going to happen such that our ICR goes below 90 and our claim ratio goes towards 105-107 
levels? And do we have any internal targets for combined ratio for FY25 and 26? 
Girija Subramanian: 
Rishikesh: 
So basically our internal target is in the range of 105% to 107% in the next 2-3 year horizon. 
Now as you said rightly that we have to have an internal claims ratio of around 90% in order to 
have a combined ratio at that level. So for that we are working heavily on all our lines of 
businesses to see that we improve on the ICR for each of these lines. Now health and motor 
together comprise around 70% to 75% of our book. And on the health side, we are trying to 
bring in more introspection into our claim services by way of audits and by way of having more 
tie-ups with other hospitals which are in the hinterland which will bring down our claims 
experience to a large extent. We're hiring doctors and we have used their services for auditing 
these claims and as well as having a tight supervision on TPAs in order to ensure that there are 
no fraudulent claims. We are also looking at buying some off the shelf anti-fraudulent software 
which will help us to detect fraud and see that if there are any such fraudulent claims we are able 
to take care of that. So that is as far as health goes. As far as motor is concerned, we have directly 
recruited automobile engineers in the last year. We are having a current recruitment exercise on 
in which we also will be recruiting automobile engineers. We have been having this started this 
practice of having automobile engineers posted at all our auto hubs. They do visit all these 
garages and company surveyors to detect this motor claims and whether there are any fraudulent 
claims or what kind of practices prevail in the market. We have been taking proactive steps in 
order to ensure that the system at least that we operate in is cleaner as we go and I think all of 
these efforts will bring down the ICR apart from a very stringent risk selection exercise that we 
have started. We've sending our staff regularly on trainings. We been started this practice of 
training our staff more on these lines so that they're able to exercise more caution at the time of 
selection of risks in these two lines of business, apart from other lines like fire engineering. 
cyber, liability, all these other areas where we also want to grow. So basically all of this I think 
will bring an overall ICR around 100 in the next 2 to 3 years horizon. 
Also one more question, in our motor TP segment you said you can't do any price hike. Could 
you share what's the reason for this and if you see any price hike in your motor segment going 
ahead? 
Page 12 of 17 

The New India Assurance Company Ltd. 
November 12, 2024 
Girija Subramanian: 
Moderator: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Girija Subramanian: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Girija Subramanian: 
No, motor TP is mandated and it is fixed by Ministry of Road Transport. So we have absolutely 
no control over that and they have to only hike increase the price and there is an industry-wide 
representation done by the General Insurance Council as well as through the IRDA forum also 
to them the fact that we are experiencing lot of issues which are unsustainable and I think it has 
to totally appeal to the government and they have to take care of it. Till the time we have no 
choice because TP is a mandated segment. We cannot refuse to do TP business. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor and Co. Please go 
ahead. 
Firstly, we find the government is working at 85%. And I think the LODR norm request needs 
us to be fee of 25%. So what is the update on the same? 
We are a government-owned company and right now we are at 85% and we will have to do any 
loosening only after we get instructions from the Finance Ministry and from the DSS 
Government of India. As and when we get any news from them, we will have to start working 
on it. As of now, there are no plans for the current financial year. 
And when we look at the concept for insurance, these are products for contingency. And always 
your customers are the ones who are paying in order to get the support in terms of contingency. 
So in that ethical angle, what should be our target in achieving growth? Because if at times the 
customers do play, it is the purpose for which they have done the insurance. So when we speak 
in the light that there is a lot of claims being there from the clientele, it is for the purpose only 
that they have been in that situation that claims are arising. So how correct are we in trying to 
eliminate this fact because this is the nature of the business aspect itself, it is for the protection 
of your customers that they are giving a premium and they are looking forward to get the 
safeguards at time of contingency. 
You said it, because that is the nature of our business that we are in this business to pay claims. 
So this is the very nature of our existence and claims is the reason why we are there. So, having 
claims is good for insurance companies and insurance business. So we will welcome the fact 
that claims continue to happen and continue to grow and we find ways and means to expand our 
business. It's all about the law of large numbers that you write many risks so that you are able to 
service a few claims. This is the fundamentals of insurance and that's how it will be for as long 
as it exists. So the only way we can handle our claims better. So as I was saying, it's the law of 
large numbers that work for insurance and I feel that in order to comfortably service our claims 
that come into our account, we need to write larger number of risks which are selected well at 
the time of underwriting. This is the only way that we can do this business well and that's how 
we'll continue to do it. 
Saket Kapoor: 	
And ma'am, for the Mediclaim part of the life insurance, for Mediclaim's part as such, we are 
seeing a lot of competition from the private players. So what have been the incremental 
additional policy holders which you have added and also the repeat customers if you could just 
Page 13 of 17 

The New India Assurance Company Ltd. 
November 12, 2024 
give some understanding and the uniqueness of our company's insurance products especially for 
the medical part that irrigates from the private sector because in private sector there is lot of 
crowding and outgoing from their side. So what are our preparations because whether it's media. 
whether it's other form of advertisement. we find their presence to be in a bigger way. So how 
are we creating our space in a profitable way in that segment? 
IGirija Subramanian: 	
The first question of how much we have increased in health, then we have increased 13%. And 
this is despite the fact that as you said it right that there are many health insurance companies 
that are doing extremely well in the market. The growth rate is at 25% for standalone health 
companies or the SARI companies which are growing by the day. There are many of them now 
and I think six of them now in the market and they are growing at a rate of 25%. We have 
business across all lines and with the degrowth that we targeted last year for loss making 
accounts. Even with that we have still grown at 13% because health is a sector where there is a 
lot of awareness in the population, especially after COVID and therefore it's not a push product. 
By far it is more or less purchased as a necessity by most individuals and therefore the growth 
happens even without much of push. So having said that, the difference between a company 
general insurer like us which does all lines and standalone insurer is that the standalone insurer 
has to create profitability only out of that one line and therefore it is a very price sensitive thing 
and the minute there are the insurer has too many claims some more than what he can bear then 
either he will not pay the claims, he will find ways and means of cutting down on claims or he 
may sort of try to cut the coverages, sell at lower coverages. All these things are possible and 
because he has to create that viability out of that one line of business. Whereas as a general 
insurer, we have got this buffer across all lines, wherein one or two lines don't do well. We have 
the spread and diversity across all lines, and more importantly, New India which is totally 
different from any other insurance company in this country, has got operations across the world. 
And therefore we have an opportunity where we can diversify our books, not only across line of 
business, but also across geographies, which are also overseas. And therefore there is a marked 
difference when you buy a policy from a general insurer, because we are able to take a much 
more shocks than a normal health insurer. That's the difference. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Girija Subramanian: 
And last point ma'am, for your investors, when investors looked at our performance and the 
market cap sliding and their investment not getting the right returns. What is the message to your 
investors, especially the minority because we as minority shareholders look for returns in a 
growing company, in a growing segment. So we are in a growing segment and there needs to be 
a lot of market penetration that you people, your team are pursuing. But when will this 
organization starts addressing your investors need also in terms of creating the profitability pool 
that takes care of your shareholders. So we are doing a good job in creating a net for the people 
who are paying premiums and getting their claim settled. But what is there left for your investors 
who are invested or are looking to invest in big companies like New India Insurance? 
We have to thank our stakeholders and our shareholders so that we are able to exist because of 
the support that you have given us. We've been able to do exceedingly well in our businesses, 
even during these kinds of turbulent times with every competition, with the prize wars, the way 
Page 14 of 17 

The New India Assurance Company Ltd. 
November 12, 2024 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sushma Anupam: 
they are. We are able to sustain and keep the ship afloat. That itself is a very big thing with the 
challenges that we have. So basically. what we have for investors in mind is that we know that 
you expect to get returns on your investment in a much bigger way than what you have to do. 
But Insurance is an area where the penetration currently is at 1.10. We have an entire canvas of 
98.90% of this country that needs to be penetrated for general insurance. And we are well on our 
way to see that we are insuring more uninsured segments so that normally the claim ratios come 
down and profitability increases. With increase in profitability, that will have a direct impact on 
your returns also. The way forward for this is to go digital in a big way, to use the government 
missionary to see that we are able to reach the rural hinterland to distribute our products and so 
that we have innumerable number of policies that we write. And so once we write so many 
policies, then the number of claims that will come surely will ensure that we sort of get a better 
premium claims versus premium ratio and that will directly have an impact on your profitability. 
So this is something we are strongly working on. We are working on our digital interfaces, 
automation across various product lines. We're trying to see that our claims servicing comes and 
becomes more digital. We have recently introduced motor servicing for claims digitally up to 
one lakh, wherever claims are there up to one lakh, they can be straight away cleared digitally. 
So these are the various things where we are trying to give a better customer delight to see that 
the TAT for customer increases and obviously this will have an impact on more policies that 
will come to us or renew with us in the years to come. So these are the many things we are doing 
but in a country like India where insurance awareness has been growing very recently only after 
C OVID and only because of health where even today, the homes and many of the other assets 
are not insured. As I said, 98.9% remain uninsured, where the government also needs to put in 
their faith in insurers and ensure that all CAT services are insured with the insurers. We are 
working on state governments for this. And once we get this buy-in, the spread and awareness 
of insurance actually converts into premium and protection for the public. And with that, I am 
sure that once we have that, the ICR comes down, the COR comes down, and that automatically 
translates into return on investment for our valued investors. This is a long journey. There is no 
shortcut here. This sector itself is for people who believe in long-term investment and growth. 
And I'm sure the people who invested here believed in that and they did it and I'm sure that with 
all their faith and trust and with New India putting its best foot forward, the day is not far when 
we will see better returns and better returns on the lines of what our investors expect for them. 
Thank you. 
And lastly, the Pradhan Mantri, the Senior Citizen Yojana, that covering people above the 70 
year bracket with Rs. 5 lakh medical insurance, how has that created a market for us and how 
are we going to benefit it and how are we underwriting? What steps are we taking to garner those 
types of people who are covered by this scheme? 
So, Sushma Anupam here. So, right now it has come as an announcement and yet it has to come 
into effect. But certainly it is a welcome move. Actually what we see in the long run is that 
definitely it offers protection to people who are 70 plus. At the same time, it will not, I think, 
affect the book that is there. As far as the business course, it will give more traction because it 
will increase the awareness and it will definitely bring home the point which we have also been 
Page 15 of 17 

The New India Assurance Company Ltd. 
November 12, 2024 
trying to make across that insurances really must for every person to survive in this atmosphere, 
particularly as far as the health segment. So we feel that it will give more opportunities. better 
product variations may come out of this. Even we are working closely on it and we are watching 
the space and we would certainly like to partner more in that space as well. Thank you. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sushma Anupam: 
Girija Subramanian: 
But that will be a good business case for us because there on the other side is the government 
who are ensuring that they are going to get the things settled. How does the math work for an 
insurance company? 
Actually, every time it is not the math which is driving the entire thing. See, the main advantage 
there would be also in terms of the hospital network which is there for the particular segment. 
Because as you are aware that in the government schemes, the hospitals that are participating, 
they come at the table with the package rate that is negotiated by the NHA. So, there are many 
things to it, a lot of work goes into it. So we don't strictly look at it from that angle because with 
the senior citizens, we are also full of other family members also coming into the net of 
insurance. So every move is an opportunity and we look at it with a very open mind. 
We also look at it as an experience because when you buy a policy for an elderly person at your 
home and when you get the benefit of a claim which obviously most certainly there will be a 
claim in a few years and so the rest of the family also understands the release of stress or financial 
burden that the whole family experiences because of that particular insurance cover being there 
and we expect them to copy that habit or copy that purchase of health insurance for the rest of 
the family. And this is how I think life insurance grew in this country and this is how health will 
also grow. 
Moderator: 	
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Barshikar, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Nikhil Barshikar: 
Girija Subramanian: 
My question is, new entrants like Digit, ACKO etc. are tech only companies and have disrupted 
the general insurance space and increasing their market share. How do you see yourself 
competing with these companies and what is the company's strategy to increase the market share 
and compete with these new entrants? What is the strategy for top of mind recall strategy to 
remain competitive in product offerings? 
Digit and ACKO are digital and in the retail space, they are very competitive. They're able to 
get things because of the turnaround times being what they are with the digital medium. So as I 
already told you, we are working on the digital part. We have been able to automate a few of our 
products and claim services on the digital space. We are working on the rest of the products also 
so that we are able to be more competitive on the retail space. But where the other mid-size or 
large-size clients are concerned, Go Digit and ACKO are not really a competition for New India 
because we have got clients across several years. We have catered and when you are talking 
about big clients, big risks, you cannot do much of it digitally. It has to be done by sales people, 
by marketing people, by our entire technical team being present, taking care of this, having a 
Page 16 of 17 

The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
The New India Assurance Company Ltd. 
November 12, 2024 
Nikhil Barshikar: 
good pool of engineers, surveyors at your beck and call. And I think in those lines of businesses, 
we don't look at Go Digital, ACKO as a competition. 
Ma'am. I have one more question for you. In the distribution channel mix, we can see that bank 
assurance is one person, which is a smaller portion. So I just wanted to know any initiatives you 
are planning to take to improve this going forward? 
Girija Subramanian: 	
We have taken a lot of initiatives in the recent last three months to increase our penetration in 
bank assurance. We are in talks with a few banks and we are going to get into MOUs with them 
to distribute our products. We are also talking to some other rural banks and corporate credit 
societies and other affinity groups to see whether we can get onto their platforms to onboard our 
products. So otherwise on the digital front, we are ready with onboarding our products on any 
of these networks. We are working with at least 3 to 4 banks at the moment and very soon we 
see some traction in this area. 
Moderator: 	
Thank you. That was the last question. On behalf of the New India Assurance Company Limited, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 17 of 17 
