 
 
October 24, 2024 
 
The Listing Department  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code Equity: 505537 
                    
The Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: ZEEL EQ 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the conference call  
 
This has reference to our communication dated October 18, 2024 and pursuant to the 
provisions of Regulation 46(2)(oa)(ii) read with Schedule III of Part A of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’), the 
transcript of the conference call held on October 18, 2024, on the Company's performance for 
the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024, is enclosed herewith. The said transcript 
is also available on Company's website at: 
 
https://assets.zee.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/10/Q2%20FY25%20Earnings%20call%20Transcript.pdf  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ashish Agarwal  
Company Secretary 
FCS6669 
 
Encl: As above 
 
Ashish 
Ramesh 
Agarwal
Digitally signed by 
Ashish Ramesh 
Agarwal 
Date: 2024.10.24 
15:59:31 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Q2 FY 25 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
October 18, 2024 
 
Transcript 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is provided without express or implied warranties of any kind and should be read in 
conjunction with the accompanying materials published by the company. The information contained in the 
transcript is a textual representation of the company's event and while efforts are made to provide an accurate 
transcription, there may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the reporting of the substance of the 
event. The transcript has been edited wherever required for clarity, correctness of data or transcription error. This 
document may contain “forward-looking statements” - that is, statements related to future, not past, events. In 
this context, forward-looking statements often address expected future business and financial performance, and 
often contain words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “should” or “will.” 
Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain. These 
uncertainties may cause actual future results to be materially different that those expressed in such forward-
looking statements. The company does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements. 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
      October 18, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference 
Call of Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Mahesh Pratap Singh, Head of Investor Relations, Zee 
Entertainment Enterprises Limited. Please go ahead, sir. 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Thank you, Ryan.  
Hello everyone. Welcome to our Q2 FY '25 earnings discussion. We hope you have 
had an opportunity to go through the earnings. Today, we are joined by our Managing 
Director and CEO, Mr. Punit Goenka along with the senior management team. We will 
start the call with opening remarks from Mr. Goenka, followed by commentary on 
operating and financial performance by Mr. Mukund Galgali our acting CFO. We will 
subsequently open the floor for Q&A session. 
Before we get started, let me remind everyone on the call that some of the 
statements made or discussed on today's conference call will be forward-looking in 
nature and must be viewed in conjunction with risks and uncertainties we face. The 
company does not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements 
publicly. 
With that, I will now hand the call over to Mr. Goenka for his opening remarks. 
Punit Goenka: 
I hope all of you are doing well and gearing up for the festivities! Let me take this 
opportunity to wish you, much in advance. May this Diwali bring in lots of happiness 
and prosperity to each one of you. Hope you all have planned a good break with 
family!  
I appreciate your time and would like to thank you for joining us this evening, as we 
discuss the Company’s performance during the second quarter of the financial year 
2024-2025.  
Being an eternal optimist; to me, optimism is not just an approach, but a conscious 
choice. A choice that enables me and my team to transform challenges into 
opportunities.  

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
      October 18, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 21 
The strategic growth plan that has been implemented, stems from this firm belief. 
Today, I would like to touch upon the steps taken, in line with this plan, to achieve 
our targeted aspirations for the future.  
We aligned our strategic priorities to enhance our performance and profitability 
levels across the board, with Frugality, Optimization, and a sharp Focus on Quality 
Content as the core pillars. I am pleased to share with all of you, that this approach is 
displaying tangible results for the Company, and we are witnessing a consistent 
improvement in performance on a sequential basis.  
A more prudent cost discipline and sharper focus on operations has enabled us to 
clock strong improvement in EBITDA margins, coupled with robust free-cash 
generation, even amidst an incessantly challenging macro-economic environment.  
Let’s look at the Subscription Revenues. The outlook remains healthy as the 
underlying effects of NTO 3.0 have stabilized. Amidst this scenario, the Company has 
consistently displayed resilience and demonstrated its ability to grow, while 
judiciously balancing pricing and churn. We remain optimistic of a further uptick in 
subscription revenues in the second half of the fiscal on the back of healthy trends in 
our linear and digital segments.  
On the advertising revenue front, while the sentiment remained subdued during the 
quarter, for the industry at large; we have seen some pickup from the month of 
September with the onset of the festive season. Hence, here as well, we remain 
optimistic about the upcoming festive quarter leading to an uptick in advertising 
revenues. That said, I must mention that a strong and sustained rural consumption 
pickup is surely needed for the industry at large.  
Our viewership share across markets also witnessed an increase, which served as a 
testament to the concerted efforts invested by the teams in delivering more 
compelling and engaging content to our viewers across languages. The gains in 
market share quarter on quarter enable us to remain well-positioned in an 
increasingly competitive landscape. 
Let’s move on to the digital side of the business. The efforts sown in to achieve a 
balanced cost structure for the digital business are enabling us to dial growth back 
into ZEE5. The performance of ZEE5 is consistently improving quarter on quarter, 
showcasing immense potential, and we aim to achieve stability in growth from the 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
      October 18, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 21 
third quarter onwards. We also continue to offer a compelling content slate to our 
users at a competitive price point. Post a thorough review and restructuring exercise, 
we have sharpened the scope of our Technology & Innovation Centre in Bengaluru, 
to support the linear and digital teams in a holistic manner on the content creation, 
distribution, and monetization process.  
As we continue to enhance our performance sequentially, we remain enthused by 
the well-diversified portfolio of the Company, encompassing four strong business 
segments. This enables us to reduce dependencies and maintain a firm grip on 
profitability across the board. For instance, the music business has proven to be an 
asset for the Company in terms of building scale and margin. As the second largest 
music label in the country, Zee Music Company is enhancing its rich catalogue with a 
sharp focus on profitability. 
As we step into the second half of the fiscal, the overall growth outlook for the 
Company remains positive. We have taken the necessary action-oriented steps to 
enhance the performance across all aspects, and we are confident on further 
strengthening the margin profile going forward. We are well on track to achieve our 
targeted margin aspirations, and we remain firmly committed towards our set goals 
for the future. The translation of our efforts into profitability is visible in our cash flow 
as well, which has inched up during the quarter and continues to strengthen our 
financial muscle.  
As the industry continually evolves and competition intensifies, our ability to fortify 
our position as a formidable player in the ecosystem remains strong. I have always 
maintained that healthy competition augurs well for the growth of the industry at 
large, and it will only generate more opportunities for all the players in the ecosystem.  
The Company has a proficient leadership team that will enable us to achieve our set 
goals and priorities for the future. With this dedicated and agile team at the forefront, 
we are confident of enhancing the Company’s capabilities by manifold to redefine the 
new era of entertainment. We continue to maintain a sharp focus on returning to our 
industry-beating margin profile as we invest in strengthening our business for the 
future.  
 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
      October 18, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 21 
As we work on these steps, we remain committed to fortifying our portfolio across all 
segments, with a prudent cost discipline approach.  
Prudent cost discipline – is an apt point for me to hand over the call to the desk where 
the buck stops! Over to you Mukund – for you to elaborate more on our operating 
and financial performance.  
Thank you, everybody.  
Mukund Galgali: 
Thank you, Punit. Thanks for the introduction. Good evening, everyone, and it’s great 
to connect with all of you for the first time at this forum. I will briefly touch upon 
some of the key financial highlights. 
Q2 has been another strong quarter for Zee with focused execution on our key 
priorities. Before I get in to Q2 performance, let me sum up our progress against some 
of the key objectives we had outlined in February 2024.  
In Q4 FY24 our EBITDA margins were at 9.7%. In a short span of two-quarters, we 
have improved our margins by 630 bps, to 16.0%. Our solid progress on margins 
improvement despite a weaker macro is a great testimony of dedication and hard 
work put in by the teams across the business. This margin improvement is a function 
of targeted bottom-up interventions across every element of cost structure and 
business segment, which gives us high degree of confidence about sustainability of 
this margin performance. Texture of this margin improvement journey is also 
extremely heartening given we have moved the needle significantly on strategic 
segments like ZEE5. ZEE5 Quarterly EBITDA losses have narrowed from Rs 265 crore 
EBITDA loss in Q4 FY24 to Rs 159 Crore EBITDA loss in Q2 FY25.  
I will empathetically add here that, we are fully conscious about balancing our near-
term margin aspirations with longer-term growth objectives and hence are also 
continuing to invest in the business to support future growth ambitions. In fact, in Q2 
FY25 we have also stepped up our investments in the business which I will touch 
upon.  
Translating our operating profits to consistent free cash has been another key focus 
area for us. With improving profitability, an extremely efficient working capital 
management and optimised content acquisition our cash position has also improved 
meaningfully. Including Rs 2 Bn FCCB proceeds during this quarter, our liquidity or 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
      October 18, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 21 
cash and cash equivalent position has strengthened to Rs 17.8 Bn as on September 
30th, 2024, compared to Rs 8.3 Bn as on December 31st,2023. With access to growth 
capital from recent FCCB raise and consistent internal accruals from our operations, 
we are well placed to navigate evolving market landscape and take advantage of 
emerging growth opportunities. Our content inventory and advances have also 
continued to trend down and are lower by Rs 5.1 Bn between December 31st, 2023, 
to September 30th, 2024. 
On revenue growth front, while macro Ad environment softness has restrained our 
ability to drive advertising revenue growth, we have been able to drive healthy YoY 
growth in subscription revenues on back of price hike in linear business and 
subscriber growth in digital. We have also strengthened competitive positioning of 
our linear business with 60 bps network viewership share gain in last two-quarters. 
This positions us extremely well to capitalise on macro Ad spend recovery.  
Now briefly coming to Q2 performance, while Ad revenue headwinds have persisted, 
as seen in an 8% YoY Ad revenue decline, a 9% YoY growth in subscription revenue 
has enabled us to more than offset that impact. A lean movie line-up has resulted in 
a muted other sales and services revenue during the quarter, against a very high base 
in Q2 FY24 due to Gadar2, which you all know was a massive hit. Resultantly, overall 
revenues from operation have been lower by 18% YoY.  
We are optimistic about Ad revenue pickup in Q3 with onset of festive season, 
however, we will closely monitor sustenance of that pickup beyond the festive spike 
as rural demand commentary is still uneven. On subscription side, we remain 
confident about maintaining the current growth trajectory. We are also looking 
forward to planned movie releases in H2 FY25 across Hindi and language markets 
which should provide some fillip to other sales and services revenue.  
From an industry backdrop perspective, the linear industry landscape remains 
healthy, with TV viewership and reach remaining stable. ZEE continue to be India’s 
strong #2 TV Entertainment network and gained 100 bps of viewership share QoQ, 
taking our viewership share to 17.4% in Q2 FY25. This QoQ network share gain is quite 
broad based, driven by viewership improving across several language markets.  
On the digital side, ZEE5 continues to make steady progress and deliver healthy KPIs 
for usage and engagement. Both the number of paying subscribers and average watch 
time have grown during the quarter. ZEE5 revenues are up 6% QoQ and adjusted for 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
      October 18, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 21 
one time syndication deal which happened in the base quarter last year, ZEE5 
revenues are also up YoY. ZEE5 EBITDA loss has further narrowed during the quarter, 
and we are hopeful of it to continuing to trend down as growth picks pace in H2, 
providing some operating leverage.  
Moving to costs and profitability, our strong cost discipline is evident across all cost 
line items. Our efforts towards right sizing our cost structure and improving 
efficiencies are yielding encouraging results. This is evident from our EBITDA margins 
improving by 320 bps QoQ. Along the way, we are also taking some of the cost 
efficiencies and investing back in the business. As an example, this quarter Zee TV had 
three new show launches, while we stepped up content and marketing investments 
across the broader linear portfolio. We have also reinstated salary increments for our 
entire workforce effective September 1st.  
PAT from continued operations for Q2FY25 was at Rs 210 Cr, a robust increase of 61% 
YoY. This net profit from continuing operations is at a 10-quarter high, reflecting 
significant progress in business fundamentals and a streamlined cost base.  
I have already covered balance sheet trends in terms of cash buildup and inventory 
reduction. From cash deployment point of view, we are evaluating few potential 
areas and would remain fairly opportunistic and flexible in our deployment approach 
to maximise returns.  
Moving into H2 FY25, having already made good strides on margins, accelerating 
revenue growth is a key priority for us. We are prepared to further step up 
investments wherever necessary, keeping that growth objective in mind. We do 
expect a gradual recovery in Ad revenues from Q3 with festive season kicking off. We 
also expect to sustain growth in Subscription revenues and ZEE5. On margins, having 
executed meticulously on our cost intervention action plan in H1, path of further 
margin expansion now has a higher degree of dependency on growth and operating 
leverage. Having said that, we remain firmly committed to our 18-20% EBITDA margin 
aspirations by end of FY26 and believe we will continue to balance the dual objectives 
of stepping up growth while managing costs very judiciously.  
Back to you Mahesh 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Thanks, Mukund.  

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
      October 18, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 21 
Ryan, we can open the call for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now be conducting a question-and-answer 
session. Our first question is from the line of Abneesh Roy with Nuvama. Please go 
ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Yes, thanks and congrats on good margin improvement. My first question is on the 
content and there are two, three sub-questions to that. One is now your financial 
position margins are improving. So, in terms of content sourcing are you now in a 
better position versus say one year back when things were more challenging for you? 
Second is, we have seen in the movie production for other players, I am not talking 
about Zee, I'm talking about say Dharma productions one week it comes Saregama is 
acquiring, second week, it comes Reliance is acquiring. We had seen Vashu Bhagnani 
bankruptcy-related news flow. So, my question here is what are your thoughts on the 
consolidation of the movie production, especially in Hindi? And where do you see Zee 
in that from a 2 -3 years’ perspective would you like to become a more serious player 
there given the very high risk which is there and that's why we are seeing the legacy 
players also looking to kind of sell out. So, what are your thoughts on why this is 
happening? What is the issue and what will be your plans on movie production from 
1 -2 years' perspective? That is the first question? 
Punit Goenka: 
Yes, Abneesh, so I don't think that it was really a challenge for us to acquire content. 
Even a year back, we were acquiring a lot of content for both our linear business and 
for our digital business, but of course the current financial situation gives us better 
leverage and better opportunities where we can look at wherever opportunities do 
come up that we can use that using our cash situation. Having said that, our objective 
on managing our inventory and advances will always remain also quite prime from 
that perspective. So, it must be a balance between the two things.  
As far as your question on the film business goes it’s very difficult to compare people 
likes of Dharma or the others with Zee because we are at the end of the day a 
corporate and they are actually for lack of a better word they are, individual run 
companies. And this could be just their way of cashing out while the things are going 
well for themselves. Where do I see Zee? I think we will be at the forefront of film 
production business, not just in Hindi, but across languages in the country. And we 
will continue to invest in both co-productions and full productions of our own in both 
the segments of Hindi and language markets going forward. 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
      October 18, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 21 
We did slowdown that in the past 1.5 years, but I think the slate is picking up speed 
again and there are huge opportunities that may come up. Of course, acquiring any 
of these players that you talked about, it's very difficult to assess because at the end 
of the day the talent is what is running those businesses. And if we do not have long-
term commitments from the talent, what are we actually buying? So, from that 
perspective, we are evaluating those things and seeing what we need to do. But 
certainly, we will continue to be in this business going forward. Yes, you were right 
when we said that it's a high-risk business, but that's the case with any content piece 
that we run. Even on our linear business or on our ZEE5 not every piece of content 
that we launch is successful. We do get it wrong at times and that's the nature of the 
business that we are in. Mukund talked about Gadar 2 in the FY '24 same quarter. 
Now that was a huge lottery for the company. So, these things are part of that, but 
the way to look at it, Abneesh, from our perspective is that this is a completely a 
strategic part of our business because it feeds into our core business of linear 
television as well as into our digital business of ZEE5, plus the music business. So, from 
that perspective, I think that is something that I would like to say.  
Abneesh Roy: 
So, my question will be on your last point of music. So, we have seen the two listed 
music companies’ stocks also do well and business also do well. Zee Music used to be 
quite a serious player a few years back. So, what will be your thoughts there because 
music is much lesser risk versus movie production and now at some stage the 
consumers are turning pay. What will be your thoughts there, lower risk, improving 
metrics in the next 2-3 years' perspective in music? 
Punit Goenka: 
No, absolutely. I think music as I said in my opening remarks as well is one of the key 
pillars of the segments that we run. And we will continue to invest behind that going 
forward as well. As I said that we may have slowed down because of our entire film 
production business, etc. I truly believe that going forward, music will continue to be 
a key asset for the company, and we will continue to invest behind it. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Last quick question. So, we have seen the merger of Reliance and Disney underway 
and if you could talk about competitive dynamics next 6 months to 12 months, how 
do you see that changing given there is a clear consolidation plus your own market 
share there is some improvement, and your financial metrics are improving. Plus, 
Sony now there is a big question mark on what their own strategy is. Of course, 
question mark is there for you also given the number one player now will be much, 
much bigger than you and Sony. So, could you talk about market share? What is the 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
      October 18, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 21 
aspiration next 1-2 years? And competitive dynamics you see because of 
consolidation what can be the benefits of that? What can be the challenges because 
of that consolidation next 1-2 years? 
Punit Goenka: 
So, two parts to that Abneesh. Firstly, let me say that and you have heard me say this 
many times, whatever the market share our aspiration would be in the next 1 or 2 
years, I will never get satisfied with that also. We will continue to aspire to grow even 
beyond that. So, I don't put a number. We aspire to aim for the sky. And even on that 
journey, we may not reach the sky, but at least we will reach somewhere beyond 
what we are doing. So that will continue to be our DNA of how we operate.  
 In terms of consolidation, let's break it up into two parts. One is the linear business. 
As you will agree, we competed with both Disney Star and Viacom independently. By 
them coming together nothing much changes except that they may have a little bit 
more leverage on the advertising dollars that they can command given that they may 
have a significantly higher market share. So that is the only part where I can comment 
on. On subscription side, you know it is regulated so there is nothing that is going to 
change that from that perspective. On the digital side, as I understand and I may be 
right, maybe wrong, there entire strategy is sports focused whereas our strategy is 
completely entertainment focused and therefore I do not think that we are really 
competing in that space or that segment because as I have maintained multiple times 
that we are not going to enter the sports business very aggressively. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Thanks. That is all from my side. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Banerjee with ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Banerjee: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, first 
question is with regards to how are you looking at ad revenues going forward? We 
have heard some mix commentary from FMCG guys with regards to how the rural 
demand is shaping up and given that this quarter or towards the end you would have 
seen some sort of traction that reached towards the festive season. If you could you 
just give us some color, that would be very helpful? 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
So, Abhishek, on advertising side after a fairly muted July, August, we have seen some 
pickup in September and we see that continuing in the festive season. So, like 
Mukund alluded in his comments we are quite optimistic about pickup in festive 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
      October 18, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 21 
season, but I think the bigger question which we are slightly cautious on, and we want 
to monitor is how that spike settles down once we are beyond festive season. There 
is a bit of tactical nature in spending as opposed to longer-term brand building kind 
of spending and so on. So, we need to see how this plays out and settles down. We 
are reasonably confident that the festive season Q3 will be better than Q2 because 
the direction is trending up. Q4 and beyond, we still want to wait and watch slightly 
more a couple of months and then take a view. 
Abhishek Banerjee: 
With regards to the ZEE5 business, if I see that the incremental revenue whatever you 
are earning on a sequential basis that is going into EBITDA loss reduction. So, I mean 
is this trend likely to continue for at least the medium term over the next couple of 
years? 
Punit Goenka: 
Yes, Abhishek. As Mukund was talking about, we do expect that the trend towards 
the downward trajectory of the losses reducing would continue. Obviously, we must 
monitor the business on a quarterly basis. As there may be sometimes when we 
choose to invest in the business which could have some amount of variation, but the 
overall trajectory would be in line with what we are demonstrating for the last three 
quarters. 
Abhishek Banerjee: 
Understood. So, and you also mentioned about some salary increments being 
affected. So, with regards to the employee cost, what kind of inflation should one 
kind of price in going ahead now? 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
So, Abhishek, if I got your question right, you are saying how should we think of the 
employee cost going forward? 
Abhishek Banerjee: 
Right, yes at least on a YoY basis. Yes. 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Look from a Q2 standpoint you already have one month of increment in the numbers 
in that sense because, as Mukund alluded these were effective 1st September. So, to 
that extent, the one month of cost is already in the numbers. Yes, you should think of 
a little bit of effect of that coming in, but also keep in mind that our efficiencies have 
been coming in during the course of Q2 and you may not have had everything full 
quarter impact coming in and so on, so build that. I mean, it will be a little bit of a 
modelling. We are not able to give you a specific number, but only thing we leave 
with is there is a fairly high degree of control in cost in general and you would see 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
      October 18, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 21 
that reflect as we move forward as well. That basic fabric is not getting changed in 
any way. 
Abhishek Banerjee: 
Understood. Sir, so does that mean that the cost rationalization prospect at least from 
an employee cost perspective is over? Are more people churning out or has that kind 
of stabilized as of now? 
Punit Goenka: 
Abhishek, whatever the cost realization has to happen has happened already in the 
business and including on the people side. Going forward, as any business has churn 
in employee, we will have those regular churns that happen, but that's part of our 
day-to-day life. 
Abhishek Banerjee: 
Got it. So, the 18-20% margin guidance that you're talking about or rather aspiration 
that you're talking about, that is with regards to increasing revenue contributing to 
that margin expansion? 
Punit Goenka: 
Absolutely. Yes. 
Abhishek Banerjee: 
Okay. Perfect. Thank you so much sir. Thank you for the answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Umang Mehta from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Umang Mehta: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats for the good margin gained. Just wanted to 
check, you mentioned about resuming investment in movies. Would be possible to 
give any number or any commitment you have made internally? 
Punit Goenka: 
So, it is already part of our working capital, Umang. So, I don't think you will see any 
incremental working capital increase on that account. So, we will manage within that 
part. And as Mukund talked about our objective will be to keep bringing this inventory 
and advances levels down further. So, we will manage our entire thing that the film 
production also forms part of the same inventory that we are talking about. So, we 
will continue to operate in that. I will not be able to give you a specific number 
because we don't disclose that for competitive reasons. 
Umang Mehta: 
Got it. Understood. And secondly on ZEE5, there was a media article wherein it was 
mentioned about some talks with Airtel, you are already there with Vodafone. I mean 
can they be substantial in terms, based on your past experiences? 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
      October 18, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 21 
Punit Goenka: 
We are in active dialogue with all our B2B distribution partners. And it will be difficult 
for me to say that will be substantial or not. Obviously, them being one of the largest 
telcos in the country, based on the deal that we do will have an impact on the ZEE5 
numbers. 
Umang Mehta: 
Got it. And just last one on the fund deployment. So Mr. Galgali did mention that you 
all are evaluating a few areas, but possible to give any more color on what you are 
evaluating? 
Vikas Somani: 
So, as you said, we have been evaluating a couple of opportunities, but nothing has 
materialized so far. So, we are not at that stage where we can share any concrete 
information with you or anything meaningful, but we will keep evaluating those 
opportunities and we will remain opportunistic while deploying this capital and, of 
course, conscious of value accretion out there. 
Punit Goenka: 
But just to give you a perspective to add to what Vikas said, it will be in the domain 
of entertainment genre that we operate. We are not looking at going beyond that 
business at all in any manner. 
Umang Mehta: 
Got it. Helpful. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Good evening and thanks for taking my question. The first is a very high-level 
question, Punit. I just wanted to get your view on this linear TV versus digital from an 
ad budget allocation point of view. I mean the ad spend for linear TV has been soft 
for variety of reasons for almost 2-3 years now. The concern is it structural or is it just 
because of rural recovery etc? Do you think linear TV from a marketier perspective, 
still as relevant as it was a couple of years back and therefore, just as percentage of 
overall pie can go back to where it used to be? 
Punit Goenka: 
So, Abhishek, I think it's not a simple answer. So, I will try and dissect it for your 
understanding. So linear television will remain relevant in this country for a long, long 
period of time. We are far from the reach that linear TV provides. Digital in its best 
case from would be at half of what liner TV does deliver today. And secondly, if you 
look at most of the digital advertising, its largely transaction based. Most of the 
advertising on television or linear business is brand-building based and therefore if a 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
      October 18, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 21 
brand wants to advertise to build itself, they will have to continue to focus on the 
linear business because the reach that we provide is far greater than any digital 
platform in this country. Forget my own, I am talking about any digital platform in this 
country. Secondly, you should also look at the digital numbers by stripping them off. 
There are two aspects to digital in this country. One is the search as well as the social 
media. So, if you can strip that out and look at only the video part of the consumption 
on digital business, the revenues on linear business are multiple times higher than 
what digital can offer. And that's what we truly believe that India will always remain 
a TV and a digital market. It will not be a TV or a digital market, unlike the western 
parts of the world that you may be referring to. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Sure, a related question and more relevant for Zee Music. A lot of other players trying 
to monetize their content library by partnering with some of these digital platforms, 
Zee having such a large library of content both in cinema and music, do we have 
partner with some of the other music apps, platforms like we do with YouTube. 
Punit Goenka: 
Yes, we do partner with most of them. When it comes to the music business, we are 
pure publishers. We are not creating platforms of our own unlike ZEE5 and therefore 
we do license our content to most of the digital platforms that exist plus we do license 
our content to even linear platforms that want to use our music for their content 
creation, etc. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Okay. Staying on Zee Music, we are the second largest. Some of the other listed music 
players, the market cap is closer to our market cap. Any plan to start disclosing some 
of the financials around Zee Music so that investors and analysts can appreciate the 
value of that business a little more? 
Punit Goenka: 
Certainly, I have maintained at the right time, once the market stabilizes, we will start 
reporting our segmental details. But it is not the right time today and therefore we 
are not doing it yet. But you should certainly expect that to come from us in the 
coming future. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Sure. One last question on capital allocation. Now with free cash flow improving, any 
thoughts on going back to a formal dividend policy that we used to have earlier or is 
it still too early we have a lot more areas to invest in? 
Punit Goenka: 
It is certainly something that we will take to the Board for consideration. As you know 
we are paying out 100% dividend this year which is again different from what has 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
      October 18, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 21 
happened in the last couple of years. But certainly, we will be going back to the Board 
to look at the dividend policy and hopefully reinstate it back, given as you rightly said 
our cash flow position. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
All right. That is all from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arun Prasad from Avendus Spark. Please go 
ahead. 
Arun Prasath: 
Good evening, everyone. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on the again 
content spend. Punit, I remember that you telling us that when you are increasing the 
content spend a few quarters ago, the benefit of that content spend will come a few 
quarters later. Isn't it true for when we decrease the content spend as well because 
this should reflect in our share a few quarters later. So, is it the right way to think? 
Punit Goenka: 
No, Arun, the fact of the matter is that despite whatever little spend we have cut on 
content, both on the linear and digital side, we have seen market share gains on both 
sides. So, it is not completely a mathematical equation, although sometimes when 
you get some extra content wrong, it could seem like that. But as I said earlier that 
wherever required, we may up our investment if needed for the business even if it 
means that margins may take a little bit longer to deliver. 
Arun Prasath: 
Okay. All right. And so, does it mean still there is some room to cut some spends given 
that the market share seems to be inelastic to the content spend at this point of time 
at this level? 
Punit Goenka: 
No, Arun. I don't think there is any more room for us to cut. In fact, you should expect 
inflationary growth to happen from hereon. 
Arun Prasath: 
Okay. Understood. Secondly on digital, again you alluded to the fact that competition 
is primarily in sports, but we do not operate in that. But the fact of the matter is that 
primarily you are competing to grab the people's time, whether it is sports or say GEC. 
So how should we position ourselves now that even in the first half, if you see ZEE5 
revenues kind of flat, maybe because we have cut the content or maybe because the 
competition is gaining. So how should we look at the overall. What is your aspiration 
in ZEE5 right now given the nature of the competition and how people are spending 
their time in the digital? 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
      October 18, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 21 
Punit Goenka: 
So, Arun, our aspiration for any business that we are in including the digital business 
will be to be in the top two categories. And right now, we are probably number four 
or number five and so step by step we want to grow and reach higher. Having said 
that, you are right that we are in the business for grabbing the time of people and 
where their space of mind etc, but we have effectively done that in the linear business 
itself. And therefore, I don't see any reason why that can't be repeated in the digital 
part of the business. And keep in mind that the sports business is very volatile. It is 
only when you have a big event that's happening that they attract viewership. Other 
than that, it is a regular content that gets consumed. And that's the game that we 
want to play out. And we will continue to do that. In fact, during those high-ticket 
sports -- this thing we don't even go out and put any high-ticket content of our own. 
We wait for those things to die down before we come out with our own top-ticket 
shows. 
Arun Prasath: 
Okay. Just to get a clarification, what will drive the ZEE5 revenue? Now most of the 
benefit is coming out of the cost which has some finite limitation. So, profitability has 
to come from revenue growth. So, what will drive this going forward? 
Punit Goenka: 
It is more subscribers. We have to go and get more subscribers. That is the only way 
to grow this. And, of course over a period time, we will take pricing also increase. 
Because today, we are one of the most cost-efficient OTT platform in the country 
compared to all our competitors. 
Arun Prasath: 
Have you grown the subscriber base in the last few quarters because that disclosure 
is kind of unfortunately is not there. So, we are not able to gauge from that. How is 
the performance coming? 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Yes, we have stopped disclosing, but even back then, Arun, we were not disclosing 
paying subscribers. We were disclosing MAU, DAU kind of metrics. So yes, I mean, 
without giving you numbers which we cannot, our number of subscribers have grown 
both quarter-on-quarter as well as year-on-year, number of paying subscribers. So, 
both and not just the usage in the metric. But even when you look at the engagement 
metric which we track in terms of watch time, etc that has also grown at a pretty 
healthy clip. Now of course, the question that could be saying, look, if there's growth 
why the revenue growth is slightly slower than what it is and that is a function of mix 
change in terms of where the subscriber is coming from between different pay 
models and so on. And a roundabout way for you, I mean, as an outsider, while we 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
      October 18, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 21 
don't report it, if you go and look at, let's say, Similar Web, App Annie kind of third-
party metrics you would see the trends of usage, etc independently. 
Arun Prasad: 
Understood. Thanks Mahesh and Punit. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas Lilladher 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir I just wanted one small clarification on the operational 
cost side. I mean, if I look at the last two quarters, we have seen a decline of about  
8- 9%. So, is it solely led by cutting the content spend or has there been any change 
in the amortization policy be it respect to shows, music or for example, movies? 
Mukund Galgali: 
So Mr. Joshi, let me clarify there is no change in any amortization policy as far as 
content is concerned. That remains to be consistent in line with what we have been 
doing. Most of the cost optimization is mostly targeted at fixed costs. And as far as 
programming cost, which is variable in nature, is something which we will continue 
to deploy and invest in from time to time depending on the opportunities. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Noted. Sir, one last question from my side. If I look at our linear TV EBITDA margin 
after knocking off the ZEE5 losses, now that has improved considerably to about 27% 
in this quarter if I compare it with the previous three quarters. So, any specific 
initiatives do you want to share that we have taken on the linear TV side which has 
led to such kind of an improvement despite the decline in the ad revenue? 
Punit Goenka: 
So, the linear business, Jinesh, has always been quite profitable for us. And we do 
expect that the margins will only continue to improve there. As we start to see 
tailwinds in the advertising growth, you will see only improvement coming in the 
margin structure of the linear business. So, I don't think there is any specific thing that 
we have done structurally for us to deliver on this. It is pretty much business as usual. 
Of course, we have to keep finding efficiencies and delivering better content for us to 
continuously keep improving on that. And that is why what we talked about the 
market share gain of 100 basis points over quarter-on-quarter will certainly help us 
as and when the headwinds turn towards benefit and growth, we should be able to 
seek advantage of that going forward. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sure sir. Okay. Thank you so much.  

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
      October 18, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line by Akshat Bairathi with RSPN Ventures. 
Please go ahead. 
Akshat Bairathi: 
Hi sir. Thank you for taking my question. So, my first question is on the Star case that 
the Star has filed an arbitration case. So, can you share some details with us what is 
the current status of it and how much will it cost us to fight it in the court? 
Punit Goenka: 
The second part definitely, Akshat, I will not be able to give you an answer because 
these legal cases are very prolonged and can be expensive. As far as the status of that 
case is concerned, they have put the claim that you may have seen already in the 
press. Now we are supposed to respond to that by end of this quarter which we will 
be doing. And then, of course, the proceedings will start in the arbitration courts in 
London that we are fully geared to address. 
Akshat Bairathi: 
Got it, sir. My second question is on the planned movie releases. So, can you give us 
some pipeline of the move releases coming in the H2 and Q3 as well? 
Punit Goenka: 
So, we have several movies coming in the H2. Of course, I will request Mahesh and 
Mukund to answer this. 
Mukund Galgali: 
Akshat the big-ticket items which we have in H2, in terms of movie releases is 
Emergency which got rescheduled. But otherwise, Emergency is big movie, Game 
Changer is a south movie of Ram Charan and is another big-ticket release which is 
planned in H2. 
Punit Goenka: 
And then, of course, we have a whole slew of small to mid films. 
Akshat Bairathi: 
Got it. Sir, my last question is, do we have any internal targets for ZEE5 EBITDA 
breakeven, and can you share it with us? 
Punit Goenka: 
I am sure that is a thing that we struggled with on a daily base. I will just reiterate 
what I said that the trajectory of losses reduction is well on its way, but given the 
competitive intensity of the market, right now we will not be able to give you a date 
when we will breakeven. But certainly, it will be within the horizon that you as an 
investor or an analyst would be able to model in your business plan. 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
And just to add to what Punit said, Akshat, when we had given our aspiration of 18-
20% EBITDA margin, we have worked a certain range of scenarios in that to be able 
to remain competitive in ZEE5, invest in what the market environment could look like 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
      October 18, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 21 
and still have relevance. So be assured that when we talk about margin improvement 
from where we are to where we are going, that margin improvement journey is not 
hinged upon ZEE5 breaking even. 
Akshat Bairathi: 
Got it sir. Thank you so much and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Deshpande with FairDeal 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Sameer Deshpande: 
Congratulations, Mr. Goenka and the team for the spirited turnaround you can say, 
over the last 6 months. And I hope the things keep on improving going forward. Now 
in half 2, in the current release they have mentioned our revenue growth target is 
about 8-10% overall CAGR with the current portfolio, so does it mean that it doesn't 
include anything from the movie releases, etc which can be a bonus on that? 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
So Mr. Deshpande if you are referring to the initial slide. That is the statement of 
aspiration we have laid out. That is really a longer-term view of the business when we 
say current portfolio, which includes all four businesses, linear, digital, movies and 
music. And what we are implying there is look as a portfolio of those four businesses 
put together, we would really be aspiring for 8-10% sort of revenue CAGR for the next 
few years. Subscription is already there, as we have said on that slide at about 9%. 
And that is really what we mean by that statement. It is not necessarily H2 guidance, 
it is more a longer-term revenue CAGR aspiration. 
Punit Goenka: 
And as Mahesh said, this is a combination of all the four verticals. It is not attributable 
to any one vertical, it’s the overall organization target that we have taken. 
Sameer Deshpande: 
Okay. So, in half 2, first half movie releases, etc were not that much. In the half 2, can 
we expect that income to be significantly better? 
Punit Goenka: 
Yes, sir we do. 
Sameer Deshpande: 
Okay. And another thing is this independent committee report which has been given 
on 8th of October by the Board. So, will it be binding on SEBI? 
Mukund Galgali: 
The report that has been submitted to the Board, and it will not be binding on SEBI. 
Punit Goenka: 
SEBI's investigation is independent of that sir. This was a report that was in process 
that the Board had instituted within the organization to satisfy themselves and 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
      October 18, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 21 
nothing of whatever allegations SEBI has made are of any relevance, so it is respective 
to that. 
Sameer Deshpande: 
Maybe it will help them close the case early, let's just hope? 
Punit Goenka: 
I am always an optimist, let's see. 
Sameer Deshpande: 
Okay. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Navid Virani with Bastion Research. 
Please go ahead. 
Navid Virani: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have two questions. First one is on movies. So, we 
have said that we are going to intensify investments in movies which we have not 
done in the last few years. So, I just wanted to understand that are we working with 
a particular ticket size in mind beyond which we are unwilling to go as far as movies 
is concerned? I mean just trying to understand that even if, let's say, movie fails it 
doesn't really hurt us that much? 
Punit Goenka: 
So, Navid, as I said earlier the movie production business is a bit risky business. But 
we do evaluate every opportunity on films basis what we believe that it can do both 
on box office as well as on the other revenue streams whether it's digital or television 
and music. So, we have not put a limit to the ticket size. But, if you look at what 
Mukund talked about in the second half of the year, we only have two big-ticket films 
coming out. So, it's a combination and a portfolio approach that we use. We do 
multiple films; few may be high-ticket, and the rest would be medium to small size. 
Mukund, do you want to add? 
Mukund Galgali: 
Yes. And Mr. Navid I would also like to add that from a risk mitigation point of view, 
we also try to see that these are underwritten by digital and linear commitments. So, 
the exposure is not only linked to the theatrical box office. 
Navid Virani: 
That is helpful. Second one is on the fundraise. So, from what I am able to see right 
now in the presentation, we have only raised a fractional of funds which we have set 
up, so is there a thought process on the fundraise, is there any timeline in place or 
that fundraise will be contingent to opportunities coming our way? 
Vikas Somani: 
So, as we have said we have been evaluating a few opportunities, but nothing has 
materialized. So right now, we have no plans of calling in or going for another tranche 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
      October 18, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 21 
in the immediate future. But yes, to some extent you are right, it depends on the 
opportunities as we come across and when they materialize. 
Navid Virani: 
That’s it from my side. Thank you for the opportunity and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question and this concludes the 
question-and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mahesh Pratap 
Singh for his closing comments. 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Thank you everyone. Thanks for joining us today. We hope all your questions were 
answered. Do feel free to reach out to us if you have any follow-up questions. We will 
be available and look forward to speaking to you. Wishing you a great festive season 
ahead and have a great weekend.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
