 
 
 
Brainbees Solutions Limited                                                
                  CIN: L51100PN2010PLC136340 
Corporate/Registered Office:- Rajashree Business Park, Plot No. 114, Survey No. 338, Tadiwala Road, Nr. Sohrab 
Hall, Pune – 411001 Contact: +91-8482989157 Email Id:legal@firstcry.com  Website: www.firstcry.com 
 
FC/SE/2024-25/40 
November 20, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C – 1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400051 
Symbol: FIRSTCRY 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
Scrip Code: 544226 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Audio-video recording of Earnings Call | Q2 & H1 FY25 results 
  
Ref : Intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“Listing Regulations”) 
and our earlier intimation dated November 15, 2024 bearing reference no. FC/SE/2024-25/36 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
In terms of Regulation 30 and Regulation 46 read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, 
please see enclosed herewith transcript of Earnings Call with the Analysts/Investors held on Thursday, 
November 14, 2024, post announcement of Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and 
Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter and half year ended as on September 30, 2024. 
 The audio-video recording of the Earnings Call along with the Transcript has been uploaded on the 
Company’s website and the same can be accessed from the link provided below: 
https://www.firstcry.com/investor-relations/analyst-earning-calls  
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely, 
For Brainbees Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
Neelam Jethani 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No.: A35831 
 
NEELAM 
SITALDAS 
JETHANI
Digitally signed by 
NEELAM SITALDAS 
JETHANI 
Date: 2024.11.20 
13:34:30 +05'30'

 
 
 
1 
 
 
“Brainbees Solutions Limited (FirstCry) - Earnings Call 
Q2 and H1 FY '25 Results” 
November 14, 2024, 6.00 p.m. IST 
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Managing Director & CEO 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Group Chief Financial Officer 
 
Ms. Neelam Jethani 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
AVP - Investor Relations 
 
 
 

 
 
 
2 
 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the Brainbees Solutions 
Limited Q2 and H1 FY25 earnings call. This is Anish Arora, and 
I have with me, Mr. Supam Maheshwari, Managing Director 
and CEO of the Company, and Mr. Gautam Sharma, Group 
Chief Financial Officer of the Company.  
 
Kindly note that this call is meant for analysts and investors of 
the Company. We wish to highlight that the call is being 
recorded and by participating in this event, you consent to 
such recording, distribution and publication. All participants 
have been muted as per the default mode and participants 
will be unmuted once we open the Q&A forum for the 
members to ask questions after the presentation from 
management concludes. 
 
We will be covering the presentation in the beginning of the 
call and we will there after open for the Q&A forum. We 
would like to point out that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature and the 
disclaimer to this effect has been included in the investor 
presentation shared with you.  
 
With this, I request Mr. Super Maheshwari to take it over. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Good evening, friends. First of all, I would like to say Happy 
Children's Day, to all of you who have kids, or have kids in your 
families, near ones, dear ones. So Happy Children's day. 
 
Welcome again to our second quarter’s earnings call. So, we'll 
just go through and choose slides that this presentation has. 
This presentation has been uploaded and you may have 
already seen it, but we will just go through it to take you 
through our performance for the Quarter 2 as well as for the 
First Half of the FY25. You might find some of the slides as 
repetitive, but it is for the reason that some of our friends who 
have joined for the first time, over this call, just to give them 

 
 
 
3 
 
a little bit of a feel of our business, otherwise we will stick to 
our Quarter 2 performance.  
 
These are the 5 broad segments that we will be covering. The 
fifth one is more for extra information, so we'll be covering 
the first four segments: The Quarter 2 snapshot, Business 
Overview, Segmental Performance and Financial Summary. 
 
On the Quarter 2 financial performance snapshot, we have 
continued to deliver growth momentum with improved 
profitability and overall if you will see our annual unique 
transacting customers have improved. It increased by 16.5% 
from Sep’23 to Sep’24 ending. From a GMV window, it's 
increase of 21% to INR 2,528 Cr for Quarter 2. Net revenue 
from operations at a Consol level is around INR 1,904 Cr, 
which is 26%, growth over Quarter 2 of last year. Overall, 
while our growth has been fairly robust, all of this, we have 
also been able to deliver bottom line performance. Our 
consolidated Adjusted EBITDA has delivered around INR 80 Cr 
and this has been 66% increase over our last year Quarter 2. 
And India multi-channel, which is our core business, which is 
the largest business segment that we have, it has delivered 
38% increase in Adjusted EBITDA, which is yielding INR 110 Cr 
of Adjusted EBITDA. This has also resulted in overall cash 
profit after tax of INR 27.9 Cr, which is 209% increase over the 
same quarter last year, which is Q2 FY24.  
 
With that, I would like to give you a brief snapshot segment 
wise. If you look at a consol level, we have grown 26% year on 
year for revenue of the consolidated business for Q2. If you 
look at our segment wise performance - India Multi channel 
grew at 19% for Q2 same period, International grew by 25%, 
which is Middle East operation. GlobalBees, which is our D2C 
foray, has grown 55% and we will speak about it during the 
segmental 
performance 
as 
well, 
both 
the 
topline 
performance as well as the bottom line performance, how it 
has stacked up. Others, which is primarily our, education 

 
 
 
4 
 
business has also demonstrated a very significant growth of 
44% on Quarter 2, year on year. So all our four business 
segments continue to demonstrate meaningful growth and in 
the subsequent slide, you will be able to see our bottom line 
performance as well. 
 
Moving further. This is just a summary of what all I have 
spoken about. This is more for people who may probably read 
this presentation later. It is also uploaded on the Stock 
Exchanges. So, it is just a summary of what I've just spoken 
about. Overall consol growth of 26% with Adjusted EBITDA 
growth of 66% year on year and a cash profit growth of 209% 
for the quarter over the same quarter last year.  India multi-
channel grew 38% on adjusted EBITDA and 19% on revenue 
growth. International grew 25% year on year with improved 
Adjusted EBITDA. Losses are 18.9%, which is a 390 basis point 
improvement year on year for Quarter 2, from 22.8% to 18.9% 
losses. GlobalBees also delivered a strong performance of 
55% growth and 154% growth in Adjusted EBITDA, over same 
quarter last year. So overall, if you look at it, the performance 
in the profitability at a consol level has been led by a gross 
margin expansion of 101 bps year on year at a consol level and 
a bit of an operating leverage, leading to 4.2% Adjusted 
EBITDA margin for Quarter 2, over from 3.2% in the last year 
Quarter 2. So that's the overall summary of our consolidated 
performance, even segment wise that you have been able to 
see at a meta level. We will go further down. Requesting Anish 
to change the slide please. 
 
We will go through the business review. Some of these 
sections, some of these points might be repeat for some of 
you who have been in our earlier calls or were there in our 
roadshows or prior, but for the new friends who have joined 
this call, first time, it'll just give a brief summary. We can then 
quickly rush to the segmental performance.  
 

 
 
 
5 
 
This is our overall ecosystem, FirstCry platform. We are 
driving fundamental parenting needs of shopping, content, 
community and education. We’ve built a capability around 
data and technology, deep understanding for customers, 
array of Home Brands and great partnership with 7,000+ third 
party brands. We have deepened our moats with 
Manufacturing as well as Logistics & Supply chain and 
manifested all these capabilities that we have built in the form 
of 4 business segments which is India multi-channel, which is 
our largest core business segment, which constitutes modern 
stores, online platform and general retail trade distribution. 
Second is International, which is our Middle East foray. It is 
completely online as of Quarter 2. The third is GlobalBees, 
which is house of brands and fourth is Others, which we call 
Others in our segmental performance, but essentially, it is 
education preschool business. So these are the four segments 
that just wanted to refresh moving further.  
 
This is a data point that as of Quarter 2, our online GMV split 
and offline GMV split in India Multi-channel has been 77% vs 
23%. We have added 9.4 million annual unique transacting 
customers and total store count that we have including all 
modern stores is 1,124 as of 30th September of this year. Our 
community continues to do very well and overall we have 
close to now out of 1,124, 498 FirstCry and BabyHug COCO 
stores as well. So our overall approach of multi-channel, 
which is online, offline and distribution continues to do very 
well where customers can purchase in a multi-channel way. 
They can shop at our own stores as well as can research online 
and can do either way vice versa as well, where they get the 
benefit of doing touch and feel on our stores as well.  
 
Going further, this is overall breadth of our product range that 
we are addressing. We address all kinds of babies and kids 
needs, including expecting mothers, right from when she gets 
pregnant, to up to 12 year age kid, we continue to operate 

 
 
 
6 
 
across 1.8 million SKUs offering from close to 7,900 brands on 
our entire platform. 
 
So we have one of the widest and the most curated product 
range that we have and within that we have also built a very 
robust portfolio of home brands. If you will recall, that we had 
in our RHP, a Redseer industry report which has a statement 
around BabyHug, which is one of our oldest and the largest 
home brand. Incidentally, it has also been the largest 
mothers, baby and kids multi category product brand in terms 
of GMV and also it has been in terms of the product 
assortment, the largest brand in Asia Pacific excluding China. 
We believe that we have continued to maintain that 
leadership from FY24 to Quarter ending Sep’24. BabyHug is 
available across platforms. We have now 307 BabyHug COCO 
stores as well, as of Sep 30th. 
 
This is for our international foray. This is very important to 
highlight, that while India is the world's capital of mothers and 
babies and kids. We make 25 to 26 million babies a year. 
International market, which is UAE and KSA, has a very 
meaningful birth rate as well and spend per child is also 
meaningfully higher than India and overall childcare market 
as well as per capita spend is very meaningful for us. Our AOV 
in international business is almost roughly 3.9 times that of 
AOV of India business. We continue to successfully replicate 
our India playbook to our international Middle East market, 
UAE and KSA. 
 
With that, I come to the last segment on GlobalBees. We 
continue to operate amongst our 4 broad categories, which is 
Home utilities, Premium appliances, Fashion, Lifestyle and 
Home and Personal care. We continue to deliver superior 
performance through GlobalBees platform that we have built 
in terms of getting customer insights and able to build 
products as per the new developments that we are able to get 
insights from, not just the third party market platforms, but 

 
 
 
7 
 
also from the social fabric of the country. We are able 
replicate those insights into the products and therefore be 
able to drive our growth.  
 
So with all of that, I think numbers will speak more than some 
of the subjective points that we have talked about. So I'll hand 
over now to Gautam to talk about the segmental performance 
across our all four business segments. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Thanks Supam.  
 
So we will now talk about the four business segments. The 
first one being the India Multi-channel business, which is the 
core business segment for us. After that, we will talk about 
the International business performance and then we'll move 
on to the GlobalBees performance, before we talk about the 
consol performance for Q2 and H1FY25.  
 
So this is for the India multi-channel business. So these are the 
three important KPIs which are also disclosed in our 
prospectus, that is annual unique transacting customers, 
orders and GMV. You can see a very healthy growth in all the 
three important KPIs. AUTCs have grown by 16%, Orders in Q2 
has gone by 19% and GMV has gone up by 21% in Q2 on a year 
on year basis. And for H1, it has grown by 19 percent on a year 
on year basis. Next slide. Net revenue growth, in Q2 over the 
last year Q2 is 19% for the India Multi-channel business and 
for the H1, the growth is 18%. This growth in Q1 was around 
16%, so we are we are able to increase the growth rate for the 
India multi-channel business. Adjusted EBITDA is improving 
year on year from 7.4% in Q2FY24, we have reached to 8.6% 
in Q2 FY25, which is a 38% year on year growth. Similarly, if 
we talk about the H1 performance, from 7.6% in H1 FY24, we 
have reached to 8.5% in H1 FY25, which represents a 31% year 
on year growth. Important thing to mention here is that 
generally, so if we talk about the last year Q2 performance, 
the margins, the adjusted EBITDA margins are slightly lower 

 
 
 
8 
 
than the Q1 margins. However, given the strong growth and 
with a core focus on the improvement of margins, we were 
able to improve the gross margins in Q2 as well over Q1. 
 
This is about the international business. Again, the three 
important KPIs, annual unique transacting customers, GMV 
and orders. So while the growth in H1 clearly has an impact of 
the floods in UAE and the advancement of festivities, we were 
able to post a very healthy growth in all the three important 
KPIs in the international business for Q2. Next slide. Revenue 
growth in Q2FY25 over Q2FY24 is 25%. So from INR 165 Cr in 
Q2FY24, we have reached to a revenue of INR 208 Cr in 
Q2FY25. Similarly for H1 FY24, which also has an impact of you 
know a lower growth in Q1, we were able to grow this by 16% 
on a year on year basis. EBITDA performance, on a year on 
year basis, is clearly improving from 22.8% negative in Q2 
FY24, we have brought this down to 18.9% in Q2FY25. 
Similarly, from a negative 22.8% in H1 FY24, we were able to 
bring this down to negative 17.8% in H1 FY25. 
 
We go into the GlobalBees performance. We have reported 
very strong growth in GlobalBees. A 55% year on year growth 
in Q2. One of the important reason of this strong growth is 
also an advancement of some seasonal sales by the platforms 
on which GlobalBees sells their products. So that was an 
advancement in September, last year it has happened in 
October. So we got the benefit of the advancement of 
seasonal sales. On H1 FY25 basis, the growth is 41% year on 
year. EBITDA performance is improving quarter on quarter 
and year on year and there is 2.5x jump in EBITDA in Q2 FY25. 
So from 1.2%, we have improved this to 2% in Q2 FY25. 
Similarly, if we talk about the H1 performance, it has grown 
by 14.4 X from 0.2% in H1 FY24, we have taken it to 1.7% in 
H1 FY25. 
 
Moving on to the next slide. So this is about the consol 
performance. So while we don't have an additional slide on 

 
 
 
9 
 
the performance of education business, Supam talked about 
the growth in the education business, which is classified in 
others. So the growth in revenue on a year on year basis is 
46% and similarly the EBITDA if I talk about for H1 again, this 
used to be somewhere around 16% in H1 FY24, which has now 
improved to 23% for H1 FY25. So there is a strong growth in 
all the business segments and a very good improvement in 
profitability as well in all the four business segment on a year 
on year basis.  
 
This is the consol performance. We will start with the green 
box on the left hand side. That is basically the trend on the 
gross margins. Gross margins in Q2, it has improved by 100 
basis points from 36.3% to 37.3%. And, further for H1, it has 
improved from 36% to 37.5%. Similarly, on the consol net 
revenue, given the strong growth in all the business segments, 
we were able to post a year on year growth of 26% in Q2FY25. 
Similarly for H1 FY25, we have posted a growth of 22% on a 
year on year basis. Consol EBITDA as well, its improving every 
year. From 3.2% in Q2FY24, we have improved this by 100 
basis point to 4.2%, which is a growth of 66% on a year over 
year basis. Similarly, for H1, we have improved the EBITDA 
performance from 2.9% in H1 FY24 to 4.3% in H1 FY25.  
 
This ends our presentation now. Anish, over to you. 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Supam and Gautam.  
 
I would like to hand it over to Gautam back in case he wants 
to highlight, say something before we move on to the Q&A 
forum. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Yeah, so one of the important things which I would like to talk 
about is that there is a recent, a search and seizure operation 
done by the GST authorities in Maharashtra in our corporate 
office in Pune as well as the warehouse in Pune. We have 
given this information to the Stock Exchange. So this started 

 
 
 
10 
 
on 6th of November and this ended on 10th of November. On 
the findings, so the search and seizure was all about two 
points. One is the mismatch in 2B and 3A, that is what the 
vendor filed for us and what we show in our returns. So that's 
a mismatch. And the availability of GST credit for the IPO 
expenses which is attributable to the shares issued by the 
company. So on this, we have paid a total amount of  INR 1.74 
Cr to the GST authorities, which includes the mismatch 
amount as well as the interest component for four years 
which is AY18-19, AY19-20, AY20-21 and AY22-23. So these 
are the four years and the information in this regard has 
already been shared with the Stock Exchanges. 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Gautam. We can now open for the Q&A forum. I 
request participants to raise hands for asking questions. We'll 
unmute you and you will have access to the mic. Please 
introduce yourself and the name of the organization you 
represent. The participants are also requested to limit their 
questions to maximum two. For any follow up question, you 
may join the queue again.  
 
We have first question from Garima. Garima, we will unmute 
you. 
 
Ms. Garima Mishra 
(Research, KIE) 
Yeah, Thank you so much for the opportunity. My first 
question is on GlobalBees. Exceptionally strong metrics, both 
revenue as well as EBITDA. So anything particular you want to 
call out here which worked well during the quarter, you did 
mention seasonality, but anything apart from that and any of 
the constituent companies here which have sort of delivered 
a great quarter. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So I will just take you down a little bit of memory lane here. 
I think this is a favorite question for all investors as well that 
this industry has been probably painted by the Thrasio sort of 
a, I would say I won't call it a play, but it's just a bad sort of a 
nomenclature. But look, I think India for us, FirstCry itself is a 

 
 
 
11 
 
great example, that a business model like FirstCry doesn't 
probably exist anywhere in the world, at least what we have 
learnt during our roadshows as well.  
 
So we have demonstrated what we have built and I think 
similarly, GlobalBees with its consumer insights and ability to 
be able to innovate products, based on those consumer 
insights which it gets from third party platforms as well as 
from social platforms, converted into products is what it has 
resulted into, and, then of course, a great execution and great 
supply chain that we have built. All of that has resulted into a 
great performance. While the performance has been 
extraordinarily good because of seasonality being advanced. 
But overall, industry continues to grow at, if you look at our 
industry report which a couple of quarters back that Redseer 
had published, it is 30% plus. So you know, we will strive our 
best to ensure that we continue to beat that. So I think that's 
where we are.  
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
On a full year basis and just to add that the growth of 
GlobalBees for Q2, which is 55%, is a complete organic 
growth. 
 
Ms. Garima Mishra 
(Research, KIE) 
Got it. Good to know. Thank you, Gautam. My second 
question is actually to you. So there's this slide in the 
presentation which is reconciliation of loss / profit after tax to 
cash profit after tax, right. There are two line items here. One 
is IndAS 116 cost and then a cash outflow for these rentals. If 
I was to look at this number for 1H FY25, should I just assume 
that your real rent is INR 100 Cr? You are booking INR 119 Cr 
in the PnL and hence you know your PnL is understated by 
let's say INR 19 Cr. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
That's the right interpretation, Garima. 
 
Ms. Garima Mishra 
(Research, KIE) 
Alright, OK, perfect. That answers my question. If I have 
anything else, I'll come back. Thank you so much. 

 
 
 
12 
 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Garima. Next, we have a question from Sheela. 
 
Ms. Sheela Rathi, Morgan 
Stanley   
Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Hi Supam and Gautam. So, 
my question again was on GlobalBees. I understand there was 
seasonality this quarter, but if you could just tell us how 
should we think about the growth rate and which are the 
strong quarters in general for GlobalBees? Going into future, 
how should we think about it? And again, I think Garima also 
asked that question is there any particular category which 
stood out for us in this particular season, or which has scaled 
up to, a certain level where we would want to talk about it? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So as I just alluded couple of minutes back, the overall 
industry report states that the D2C sector and the categories 
that we are operating will continue to demonstrate a 30%+ 
CAGR for few years. So we are pretty much in line with that 
on an annual basis. However, some quarters because of the 
festive season as GlobalBees operates and sells its products 
on a couple of third party marketplaces and therefore does 
have an impact on seasonality or some of those sale periods 
and there are few of them, few of such sale period during the 
year. So it does have an impact but on an annual basis we 
should be able to be around what we just talked about as 
what industry report says. 
 
Ms. Sheela Rathi, Morgan 
Stanley 
And with respect to the profitability, Supam, is this going to, I 
mean we have delivered 2% EBITDA margin. So should we 
think of this to improve going ahead or again this had some 
seasonality to it. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
No, no, there is no. As some of our businesses are fairly, I 
would say not very mature. This is a 3.5, 3 year plus old 
business. We are in our 4th year of our operation. We started 
in May’21. So this has a long life where we can continue to 
expand and we will continue to strive hard to demonstrate 

 
 
 
13 
 
both top line growth as well as bottom line expansion. It is just 
the beginning. I mean we have just started. 
 
Ms. Sheela Rathi, Morgan 
Stanley 
Understood. Thank you. 
 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Sheela. The next question is from Sanidhya.  
  
Mr. Anish Arora 
Sanidhya, you can go ahead. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
I think she has probably logged out or something. Maybe we 
can start with someone else. 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Sure. Next question is from Tejpal.  
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
 
Tejpal, please unmute yourself and ask the question. 
 
Mr. Tejpal Singh 
Hello? 
 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yes 
 
 
Mr. Tejpal Singh 
My question is that from five years now, where we are seeing 
ourselves in the Indian markets or as a company, what is the 
five year plan where we are seeing in the revenue terms in the 
profitability terms? And the second question is that in the 
product line, what we are selling, but the in terms of the what 
we are getting to do, which is most… (voice unclear) 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Sorry, I got your first question, but I did not get your second 
question. 
 
Mr. Tejpal Singh 
OK, so in the age category where we are getting to the 12 
year, till the 12 year old age, but I just want to ask which age 
category we are catering to the most? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Oh, OK, sure. So the first questions answer, Tejpal, is actually 
we are operating in, you know, in next four to five years, our 

 
 
 
14 
 
overall TAM will be close to $120 billion. So we have a 
significant headroom even in our India multi-channel core 
business, which is the largest and 14 years in sort of play. We 
are very small. Although we are the largest multi-channel play 
in the mothers baby and kids domain. But we are very, very 
small. In India, the childcare market itself will become a $64 
billion in over next four years or five years. So therefore, we 
will continue to compound all our topline across all four 
business segments. Our other two business are fairly new. 
International, especially in that, Saudi Arabia, that's a new 
business and GlobalBees, I just spoke about is 3, 3.5 year old 
business. So they'll continue to grow. So from a growth 
perspective, I think we should be able to see a sustained 
growth because our TAM is fairly large as I just spoke about 
and we are very small.  
 
To answer your 2nd question. The largest segment, obviously, 
our 6 to 12 business was launched just a few quarters back. 
So it will take us some time to actually build on that. So our 
large part of our business is 0 to 6, because that's how we 
started our business 14 years back. It will take us a bit of a 
time to balance this, as our cohorts gets built up over a period 
of time. Our large part of our business comes from 0 to 6, both 
online and offline, while 6 to 12 will continue to build, as you 
know, those customers who are at 5 or 6 years old kids, they'll 
continue to transact with us over a longer period of their life 
cycle. I hope I've answered. 
 
Mr. Tejpal Singh 
But so ok, so thank you. And my next question is that in the 
education segment where we are, what is our strategy like we 
are seeing as ourselves, as a DPS as a establish itself or we 
have another strategy or I just want to know your thought 
process. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
We largely run a franchised model which is an asset light 
building preschool, which is catering to kids from 2.5 year old, 
to somewhere around 6 year old. So it's before they go to K12 

 
 
 
15 
 
proper school. This is where we operate in. We have business 
partners who we work with and we provide all kinds of 
curriculum, technology, to help and facilitate the admissions 
and so on so forth, and the brand, all of that is being leveraged 
with our business partners to be able to provide. This is a very 
big market. Again, it's very unorganized and within that it's 
very unbranded. So millions of parents want to actually give 
lot more organised and lot more branded and quality 
education to their young ones and that's where we are 
coming into the place.  So we have a huge headroom to build 
our sort of model within the preschool market. That's what 
we will continue to do in an asset light way. 
 
Mr. Tejpal Singh 
OK, so any guidance for the like in the 2-3 years how many 
schools we are going to operate or in the franchisee based 
model? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
As I said, we are a very small, Tejpal. The market is 50,000+ 
preschools in the country and 80% of them, a large part of 
them actually is unbranded. So you can imagine, I mean we 
are less than, sort of, we are very small and although we are 
growing quite meaningfully as you can see in our numbers of 
44% growth. We'll continue to demonstrate that growth as 
we go along. We are insignificant as far as overall preschool 
market is concerned. So the overall branded segment is small. 
So the branded segment is growing and within that we are 
probably growing in a very fast way.  
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
I think that revenue growth is an indication of the number of 
schools that we are opening and you know and plus you know 
it's a very high profit business as well. 
 
Mr. Tejpal Singh 
So, Sir I just wanted to quantify the number like we are in, is 
there any plan to operate at 200, 300 schools like this one to 
know the number if you have any? 
 

 
 
 
16 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
End of September, we are already sitting on the, number of 
schools are already 300+. 
 
Mr. Tejpal Singh 
OK. Thank you. Thank you for my questions and best of luck 
for the future. 
  
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yes, thank you. 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Tejpal. Next question is from Anamitra. 
Mr. Anamitra Basu, 360 
ONE Asset  
 
Congrats on a great set of numbers. 2 pointers. For H1, we 
have a mix of 23% offline with 77% online. So what would be 
our steady state mix. Any target that we have we have in mind 
offline vs online? 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
If you see the historical trends as well, if you see a disclosure 
we have made in the prospectus also, for last 3-4 years, the 
mix between online and offline, it remains in the same 
trajectory, probably 1% here and there. 76 could become 75 
or 76 could become 77. So we don't expect this number to 
change significantly. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
And we have a lot of headroom to grow even in offline. 
Because being, you know there are no, FirstCry is the largest 
organized player in the country. We have 1,100 stores today 
and in some of the other brands that you would think of, in 
the other categories, whether it is like categories like Bata or 
Raymond or other brands, they have significantly higher 
number of stores 1,600 to 2,000 and even more. We continue 
to believe and we are only there in 500+ cities as of today. So 
not only we will continue to add FirstCry stores, we will 
continue to add BabyHug stores, which can coexist in the 
same vicinity. So therefore, we believe our offline platform or 
offline stores will continue to improve our overall multi-
channel story as we go along and it will continue to 
demonstrate growth as a multi-channel. While this 
percentage may not, as Gautam said, significantly change 

 
 
 
17 
 
because both both online offline will continue to grow. That's 
the beauty of our convenience and all the benefits of online 
offline that we want to proliferate and give it to our audience, 
young parents and that's what we believe is something that 
nobody can give and probably what we have delivered and 
what we continue to deliver will be very good for our audience 
to give their largest wallet share to us. 
 
Mr. Anamitra Basu, 360 
ONE Asset 
Sure, of course. One related point is in terms of, so on an 
overall basis for the India Multi Channel segment, we are at 
8.5% EBITDA margin, right? So, at a store level, what would be 
the EBITDA margin, any indications on that? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So Anamitra, I would sincerely request that you should not 
look at our business, further segment wise in terms of offline 
or online. During our Q1 call as well, I talked about it, our 
customers transact both online as well as offline. There's a 
huge amount of overlap of our customers that they transact 
on both the channels and now we have also started a 
distribution channel as well, which is growing as well and 
within that we only sell largely BabyHug and our home brands 
only. So essentially the customer can get penetrated through 
our distribution platform, through 1 lakh+ retailers that are 
selling our BabyHug products, and then they can also, if they 
want to buy extended categories or product types, or 
subcategories, they can come to our offline channel, which is, 
our COCO or FOFO stores or our FirstCry or BabyHug stores 
and then they can also come to our online. So as the trust 
builds different set of customers which are, I would say e-
commerce savvy, or they want to have a convenience of 
buying offline, with the touch and feel with instant 
gratification and having a sort of an experience of buying 
offline, taking their families out. So all of those that we 
provide, so please look at our business in a multi-channel way 
and that is what we believe that with more stores and with 
this coherent approach of a multi-channel, we'll continue to 
improve post marketing CM-2 and thereby over a period of 

 
 
 
18 
 
time, continue to improve our EBITDA as well. And that's what 
has happened in the past as well. 
 
Mr. Anamitra Basu, 360 
ONE Asset 
 
Yeah, yeah, got it. Sir, my last question would be on the 
international business. So I think the Landmark group is also 
planning to launch in India, which is also there in KSA. Do you 
see the competition intensifying in both of these geographies 
where we are operating in. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Both of the geographies you mean? 
 
Mr. Anamitra Basu, 360 
ONE Asset 
 
Both India and international.  
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
See, Landmark is already there in Middle East, right. They are 
already there. In India, yes they have opened few stores and 
there is no dearth of competition in India.   
 
So, I don't think. See, if you look at our tenet, which is building 
a multi-channel experience to the customer. So if a customer 
can buy offline and can remember and build that trust with 
the product as well as with the platform, then they come 
online and also buy the same brand, same product which is 
not available. So BabyHug today is not available and some of 
our brand partners, have also products which are with us 
alone and some of our home brands. So all of these make us, 
I would say very differentiated platform with our curation, 
with our personalization, with our convenience of you know, 
you know faster deliveries and so on and so forth. With our 
80 warehouse supply chain network of 40 cities same day 
delivery, 1,000+ cities next day delivery. All of this to provide 
by a new player, to a new young parent only in offline will not 
cut the ice, that's our view. 
 
Mr. Anamitra Basu, 360 
ONE Asset    
 
All right. Thanks a lot and all the best. 
 

 
 
 
19 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Thank you.  
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you. The next question is from Sachin Salgaonkar 
 
Mr. Sachin Salgaonkar 
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is just 
wanted to understand more on Ad and promo expenses 
which have increased to 9.1 as a percentage of revenues 
slightly higher than what you've seen in the past. Question out 
here is, were we spending more on India multi-channel or 
International or any other business and how should we look 
at the spend going ahead? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Sure, Sachin. So Sachin, I would like to draw your attention to 
our AUTC. If you look at our AUTC, in just India multi-channel, 
we were at sort of 1 million addition for FY24 and then for Q1 
for annualized basis, it was 1.1 million. Now it is 1.3 million. 
So, we have been continuously increasing our AUTC rate. So 
that's #1. #2, if you look at our mix of the business, India multi-
channel is still at a fairly decent maturity stage compared to 
our International and GlobalBees business which are fairly 
new and within that KSA is even more newer. So as the mix 
will change, so you will probably be able to see percentage 
wise increase while we will continue to optimize our overall 
spend in a way that we ensure that the CM-2, which is 
contribution margin post marketing, continue to improve. So 
that's what we have been able to deliver even in this quarter 
and that'll be our endeavor that even if you improve, that 
percentage might look higher, but at CM-2 level which is post 
marketing contribution margin, we are still accretive. We are 
still better off than the quarter two last year or H1 of last year 
versus H1 of this year. So we have demonstrated that already 
in our numbers and with that, I think we feel very comfortable 
going forward that with that thesis in mind, with that 
discipline in mind, we'll be able to continue to steer both top 
line growth as well as bottom line growth. 
 

 
 
 
20 
 
Mr. Sachin Salgaonkar 
Thank you, Supam, very clear. Second question, we are 
hearing multiple comments from multiple consumer 
companies about an impact on some kind of a consumption 
slowdown now in urban areas, also. I wanted to understand if 
you guys are seeing any impact especially on your same store 
growth on the back of that? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari   
Sachin, this particular question came in the last time around. 
We don't look at our business from a same store basis. We 
look at our business in a multi-channel way because we would 
like that customer, and that does happen in the past, for many 
years and will continue to happen for many years to come. I 
don't think the behavior will change significantly and that's 
why we feel we are fairly unique. That our customers who join 
our platform first time either offline, they continue to go to 
online for multiple transactions or they continue to 1st come 
online, they also go back to stores in the vicinity of their 
homes to do transactions offline. So with that basis looking at 
an SSSG is not the right metric to look at our business. The 
best metric to look for our sort of multi-channel is you know 
CM1 or CM2 kind of sort of a data point which is there in our 
supplementary sheet. Although it's at a consol level, but large 
part of our business is multi-channel, so you can assume it is 
reflecting and coming from the India multi-channel. So we'll 
continue to demonstrate that. We would like to add more 
stores over longer period of time, because that's what we 
have stated in our RHP as well. We have added close to 
around 40 stores in quarter 2 over last quarter period. And 
we'll continue to add that because we believe we will be able 
to add a large number of stores in next four to five years. 
Because we are the, as I just said, some of the other categories 
have a large number of stores and our stores give lot of 
benefit to us even in online and online gives benefit to offline. 
So together, it becomes a strength. So we look at our business 
in a more totality to arrive at a unit economics and that's why 
we invest our energies like that. So that's how we believe we 

 
 
 
21 
 
have been successful in the past and we'll continue to 
demonstrate even more success going forward. 
 
Mr. Sachin Salgaonkar 
So then, so to clarify and not much of an impact on 
consumption slow down on your business, right? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Well, consumption slowdown is something that, at least Q2 
numbers is visible to you. So, I don't have to say much on that. 
Rest I think we are in a category, its 16%, I would say only 
organized. A lot of industry is getting from unorganized to 
organized and we are the largest player, so we'll continue to 
gain and benefit from that. So that's how I will put it. I don't 
think we should look at it one or two or three months, one or 
two quarter, maybe these are things that we haven't 
experienced in the past because we were small, now we've 
become a certain size, but I think we're still small compared 
to where we want to reach. So over a longer period of time, 
some of these things probably will not matter. 
 
Mr. Sachin Salgaonkar 
OK. And then last question and I know that you got this 
question, you know regularly in the past as well, but you 
know every month quick commerce platforms are getting 
bigger and bigger. So as we speak today, you know any 
impact from quick commerce platforms because there are 
certain standardized products for example diapers which 
could be eventually bought and sold on those platforms. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So Sachin, first of all, I think you must understand first as a 
platform, we are at an e-commerce level available PAN India, 
across thousands of PIN codes. On our stores, we have 500 
plus cities covering Tier 2, Tier 3, Tier 4 cities as well, 500 cities 
is where we are present. So whereas quick commerce is 
present probably in metros or probably top 8 - 10 cities or 
over a period of time they may get to it, sort of state capitals, 
but I think they're largely and broadly present in top ten cities 
or 12 cities. Having said this, if you look at the categories and 
we deliver, as you know already, and you would have seen in 

 
 
 
22 
 
our RHP as well, we deliver 40 plus cities same day delivery 
and 1,000 plus cities next day delivery and this we have not 
been doing it in last six months or nine months. We have been 
doing it for many, many years probably, we were the first 
original company or long back we built this model to, we 
never called it dark stores and stuff like that, but we had built 
this model long, long time back. So we're delivering this kind 
of customer experience for a fairly long period of time, 
although we'll continue to improve as we'll build more 
proximity to our customers to be able to give better 
experience. But with our PAN India, with our offline 500 cities 
approach, with already a large network of sort of SDD and 
NDD, and on top the category overlap is very minimal. It's just 
probably diapers where and it's not as significant sort of. So 
therefore, we do and we are solving for mothers who are 
looking for trust, looking for products. So we believe that 
these are very planned sort of purchases. There will be some 
sort of young parents or mothers who may want to buy, but 
what they probably feel comfortable buying with us along 
with other products in the kind of assortment that they can 
get from us is probably usually a mother's purchase is very 
planned, but that's how we believe that it's not been a very 
material sort of impact even today or going forward. That's 
what we assume and we believe, but we'll continue to 
improve as we go along in our giving, getting more proximity 
to the customer. So that's what we'll continue to do. So, so 
that's where we are placed. Because majority of our business 
if we remember as you know, I think as we've discussed in the 
past, is fashion. 
 
Mr. Sachin Salgaonkar 
Yeah, got it. Thank you. And all the best. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Thank you. 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Sachin. We'll now take the last question. Ankit, 
please go ahead.  
Ankit, please unmute yourself and ask the question. 

 
 
 
23 
 
 
Mr. Ankit Kedia 
Hello, can you hear me? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yes, yes 
 
Mr. Ankit Kedia 
Hi. Just on GlobalBees, just to probe more, which company 
actually you know in GlobalBees is leading to this turn around. 
Is it Frootle or Kuber, because these are profitable before also 
and on the sales side you know Merhaki Foods has grown 
exponentially in last couple of years. So if you can give us 
more granular data or it will help us analyze because it 
becomes difficult for us to look at the consol 22 company 
level. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Sure. So Ankit, just look at that from a window of, there is no 
brand concentration in the business. Don't look at a company 
because that's not how you should look at it because from an 
investor perspective, from an operator perspective, from our 
perspective, our GlobalBees’ perspective, how we look at it is 
at a brand level. No brand is, one single brand is dominant or 
even more than 20% or more than I would say 15% of the 
overall sales. So I think from that window we are quite 
distributed at a brand level. So it's quite, fairly distributed and 
that is what is the beauty of the model that we have built as a 
D2C platform which enables us to continue to get more 
insights, from the third party platforms from the social 
networks and being able to deliver and internally all the tech 
platform that we have built to be able to come up with more 
product innovation based on those insights and being able to 
quickly use our internal capabilities from a sourcing to a 
supply chain, being able to deliver on the ground to deliver 
growth. So that's how we have been able to demonstrate 
growth. 
 
Mr. Ankit Kedia 
So and from the investments from the fund raised from the 
standalone entity to Globalbees. Now when does that happen 

 
 
 
24 
 
and how will our stake change in GlobalBees once that 
investment happens? 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
So, we have already invested. We have agreed to utilise 
around INR 170 Cr in GlobalBees, either in the form of 
investment or by way of loan. To help GlobalBees acquire 
additional stake and those are committed stakes in 3 of its 
subsidiaries. Out of INR 170 Cr, we have already invested 
around INR 85 Cr in GlobalBees for them to increase their 
stake as per what we have agreed in prospectus. In terms of 
our shareholding in GlobalBees today, we hold around 50.73% 
shareholding in GlobalBees 
 
Mr. Ankit Kedia 
So the investment is in form of debt and not equity. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
No, it is in the equity now. So what we have agreed in the 
prospectus is will be in the form of convertible equity. 
 
Mr. Ankit Kedia 
Ok. My second question is what's leading to this Gross Margin 
expansion? Are we seeing any mix change in product with 
apparel share increasing significantly or is this gross margin 
sustainable? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Ankit, I think over a period of time, as there are multiple levers 
across our business segments. In our India multi-channel, 
which is the largest core business segment, if I talk about it. 
We have multiple levers to continue to improve our gross 
margins. One is simply our category mix changes. Second is 
home brand mix. 3rd is scale and size of our home brands 
itself which leads to a COGS reduction and 4th is our third 
party brands where we will continue to as over scale be able 
to you know get better margins. So I think with those four 
levers over a bit longer period of time, we should be able to, 
continue to improve our gross margin as we've demonstrated 
in the past for many years in a row. We should be able to 
continue to demonstrate that over longer period of time.  
 

 
 
 
25 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
In fact from FY23, we have improved our gross margins by 
almost 400 basis points. It used to be 33% in FY23. And it is, it 
is hovering around 37% as we speak.  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
And some of our other new businesses like International are 
yet to improve, yeah and so on and so forth.  
Yeah. So there is. Sorry go ahead. 
 
Mr. Ankit Kedia 
So this quarter, if I could just point out from a quarterly basis 
of the three levers which you called out for gross margin 
expansion, how many bps came from each of those levers? 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
All the levers have contributed to the improvement in gross 
margins. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
This will be a continuous process across all levers. There is no 
single lever as a management team or as a team. We will 
never leave anything unturned to continue to expand our 
gross margin because as an execution machine, as a team, we 
are continuously after both top line expansion as well as 
bottom line expansion led through a gross margin expansion 
and some operating leverage. 
 
Mr. Ankit Kedia 
My last question is on the EBO expansion for the International 
market. When do we start seeing that happen? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Sure. So we have an update that we have hired the head of 
the business for our offline foray and further team is getting 
hired. I think you should see a couple of stores in the next 
year. 
 
Mr. Ankit Kedia 
And will the unit economics remain the same? These are 
COCO stores? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Unit economics - you will have to look at a multi-channel 
basis. That's how we would look at the unit economics 
because the same customer as I was talking about for the 

 
 
 
26 
 
India business. Similarly it will, we would like it to, I mean we 
will experiment with the first few stores and then we will scale 
it up. But we believe that it'll follow somewhere what India 
trajectory is. 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you everyone. Supam, I will hand it over to you again 
for any closing remarks. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Thank you very much all of you for giving your time on a 
evening. With that, I think we will continue to strive hard for 
delivering performance as what we have delivered this 
quarter over a longer period of time.  
 
So thank you for joining us and listening to us and our story. 
Thank you.  
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
Thank you everyone. 
 
 
 
 
 
