 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
Sc no - 18523 
 
 
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Discussion/Conference call  
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI  
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and further to our  
letter bearing sc no. 18485 dated October 11, 2024 intimating that post announcement of 
Financial Results for the second quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024,  
Tata Motors Limited (“the Company”) will host an Earnings Discussion/Conference Call on 
Friday, November 8, 2024. 
 
The transcript of the earnings/conference call is available on the website of the Company at 
www.tatamotors.com   
 
This is for information of the Exchange and the Members. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
Tata Motors Limited 
 
 
 
 
Maloy Kumar Gupta  
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
BSE Limited    
First Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001  
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Compliance Department 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra(E), Mumbai 400 051 
 
 
 
MALOY 
KUMAR 
GUPTA
Digitally signed 
by MALOY 
KUMAR GUPTA 
Date: 2024.11.14 
18:15:03 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   November 08, 2024 
 
 
Tata Motors Group  
 
Q2 FY25 earnings call transcript  
 
MANAGEMENT:  
MR. PB BALAJI – GROUP CFO, TATA MOTORS LIMITED  
MR. GIRISH WAGH – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, TATA  
MOTORS LIMITED  
MR. SHAILESH CHANDRA – MD TMPVL AND TPEML 
Mr. G.V. RAMANAN, VICE PRESIDENT FINANCE, 
TATA MOTORS LIMITED 
Mr. DHIMAN GUPTA, VICE PRESIDENT, FINANCE, 
TMPVL and TPEML 
MR. ADRIAN MARDELL – CEO, JAGUAR LAND ROVER 
MR. RICHARD MOLYNEUX –CFO, JAGUAR LAND 
ROVER 
 
Presentation 
 
Anish Gurav 
Good day and welcome to Tata Motors Q2 FY25 Earnings Call. Today with us are Mr. P. B. 
Balaji, Group CFO, Tata Motors; Mr. Girish Wagh, Executive Director, Tata Motors; Mr. Shailesh 
Chandra, MD, Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited and Tata Passenger Electric Mobility 
Limited; Mr. G. V. Ramanan, Vice President, Finance, Tata Motors Limited; Mr. Dhiman Gupta, 
Vice President, Finance, TMPVL and 
TPEML; Mr. Adrian Mardell, CEO, Jaguar Land 
Rover; Mr. Richard Molyneux, CFO, Jaguar Land Rover and we also have our colleagues from 
the Investor Relations Team. 
 
Today we plan to walk you through the results presentation followed by O&A. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and we will be taking the questions 
via Teams platform. The same is already open for you to submit the questions. You 
are requested to mention your name and the name of organization while submitting the 
questions. 
 
I now hand over to Balaji Sir to take over. Over to you, Sir. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thank you, Anish. Good evening, everybody. Good morning to people in the U.S. It's 
obviously a very sad quarter for all of us here in Tata Motors. On the passing away of Mr. 
Tata, this company owes its existence to him and we thought we'll take this opportunity 
to continue to pay our respects to him. Thank you, sir, for continuing to inspire us. Next 
slide, please. 
To the standard Safe Harbor statement, nothing new to report here. Next one.  
 

Page 2 of 21 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   November 08, 2024 
 
 
It's been a pretty intensive quarter for us in terms of products and as well as other highlights 
for the business there. You already have seen some of these pictures already, but I think 
the call outs, I would say, as far as domestic is concerned, I think the launch of the Nexon 
iCNG and Nexon.ev 45 kWh has been an excellent success followed by Curvv. We also had 
an extremely warm ceremony for groundbreaking of the new Chennai plant that we had. 
We had the Honorable Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu as well as the Industries minister with 
us, and the Chairman as well. This is a project that we are all very proud of. It's something 
that we are going to create between Tata Motors and JLR to get products to market there. 
So look forward to continuing to work in the space. And JLR side, of course, substantial 
efforts underway for the whole EV transition with the Halewood factory getting ready for 
introducing EMA products there. And from a financing side, of course, both the RCF term 
refinanced and as well as the ratings continue to keep improving. So overall, a satisfying 
quarter from that perspective. 
 
Of course, not so satisfying as far as the current quarter is concerned. Nothing new. We did 
call this out last quarter, of the supply issues that we have faced in JLR and one unforeseen 
last minute holdback that we had to do in JLR and continuing demand situation that we 
did indicate in domestic Indian business. Therefore, despite these situations, the first half is 
broadly held, but for the quarter, it's been a disappointing quarter with revenues down 
3.5%, EBIT at at 5.6%, down 190 bps and profit before tax and exceptional items at ~Rs. 
5,800 crores, down about Rs. 400 crores. Free cash flow, more on a full year basis with a 
lot of working capital movement between first quarter, second quarter. On a full year 
basis, marginally down at Rs. 1,700 crores. And we would expect to see this reverse going 
forward. Next slide, please. 
 
Where did the growth come from? We declined by about 3.5%, 6.2% out of that came out 
of volume and mix, primarily out of JLR and as well as at an overall level. And of course, we 
did see impacts in other parts of the business I'll cover subsequently. Translation with the 
pound appreciating vis-a-vis the Indian rupee, you did see a 3.3% increase on the translation 
side. And on a margin perspective, thanks to the decline in revenue growth, we did see 
operating deleverage that go right through and we'll talk about that in greater detail 
subsequently. Net debt marginally inched up, not particularly concerned about it. We 
should expect to see this reverse and go into net cash by end of the year. 
 
With this, let me hand you over to Richard to walk you through the JLR performance. 
Richard, over to you. 
Richard Molyneux 
 
Thank you, Balaji. So we go to the next chart, please.  
 
So the summary for JLR is that we were held back by outside forces in Q2, particularly the 
flood at Novelis, which restricted our production to 86,000 units in the quarter. 
 
The good news is even with these headwinds, we delivered robust profitability, which does 
show the underlying resilience of our business. And we expect to bounce back strongly in 
H2. So the top row in this chart shows the financial results in Q2. The bottom half is H1, and 
each of the following charts will follow the same format. So, with 86,000 units of production 
driving 87,000 wholesales, this is what's driven revenue down by 6% in the quarter. But 
even with this, we posted the ninth quarter of positive EBIT in a row, and the seventh 
quarter of EBIT over 5%. So in addition, even though PBT was down by 10% in the quarter, 

Page 3 of 21 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   November 08, 2024 
 
 
on a full year basis, it's actually up year-over-year. Operating cash in the quarter was GBP256 
million negative. That puts us fairly much flat for H1. But even with flat H1 cash, we're still 
holding our guidance of net cash at year-end. The bottom half of the page, revenue is flat 
for H1 year-over-year, but with lower volume, this means revenue per unit continues to 
rise. EBIT is down a little bit as a percentage driven by increased levels of sales support. But 
we also expect EBIT to recover in H2, allowing us to hit our commitment of 8.5%. Next chart, 
please. 
 
So I won't go through this in detail. Most of the points on here I'll cover in the following 
charts. Next chart.  
 
So looking at wholesales by brand, we mentioned the impact of the Novelis flood. This 
impacted particularly Range Rover and Range Rover Sport as MLA is our most aluminum 
intensive architecture. We only sold 30,000 Range Rover and Range Rover Sport's in the 
quarter versus a normal run rate of at least 40,000. Defender did benefit a little bit in the 
quarter, as we allocated components. Discovery was flat and Jaguar, as you know, is in run 
out phase as we move towards the extremely exciting launch of the new brand next month 
in Miami. From an H1 perspective, Range Rover is still really strong, 14% up year-on-year, 
and Defender is also really robust. Next page. 
 
This looks at the same data, but by region. And a second impact on top of the aluminum 
supply issue we had was a temporary quality hold, we put on 6,000 primarily U.K. and EU 
cars. These cars will be wholesaled in Q3. This was the main reason why U.K., EU 
performance is down year­over-year for the quarter, though the EU market is becoming 
increasingly competitive as others allocate unsold units to their home markets. The U.S. 
continues to perform really well and China remains strong in Q2. I should say, however, and 
I'll cover China in a bit more detail later on, that the market and the retailer network are 
showing considerable stress and this will impact H2 sales in the region. But for Q2, we did 
really well. Wholesales were up. From an H1 perspective, it's a fairly similar profile, but this 
does emphasize the emergence of the U.S. as the market where our brand strength and 
product appeal is growing more strongly. Next chart. 
 
So, this chart walks from our PBT in Q2 last year of GBP442 million to the GBP398 million 
we recorded in Q2 this year. And if you think at a total level that's a wholesale level of 
97,000 going down to a wholesale level of 87,000, that's actually quite resilient financial 
performance in a very fixed cost business. If I look at the walk, obviously, the big negative, 
the first big negative there is volume. We lost 10,000 units, so just by about GBP214 million. 
Net pricing was also negative for us. So, variable marketing expense or sales support on an 
incurred basis was 4% in the quarter versus 1.1% in the same quarter last year. Normally, in 
the past few quarters, we've been able to more than compensate such moves with 
contribution cost reductions. And as you can see there, material cost is continuing to come 
down quite strongly. The high warranty costs in the quarter dragged our net revenue to 
contribution cost performance negative for the quarter. And be assured, material cost, 
quality and the cost of quality are major focus areas for us as we move the business forward. 
On a structural basis, you can see our structural costs are falling, even though we're 
investing more in marketing. This is driven largely by reduced D&A as we extend our ICE life 
cycles in response to slowing global demand for BEVs. From an FX and commodities 
perspective, the strengthening of sterling hurt our operational FX, but gave us a strong 
revaluation effect on debt, so no surprises there. Next page. 
 

Page 4 of 21 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   November 08, 2024 
 
 
 
This takes our H1 PBT and walks it to cash. So, you can see at GBP2.14 billion in the middle, 
that strong operating cash after tax, even given the low wholesales in Q2. And although not 
the case in Q2 individually, on an H1 basis, investment spending does remain significantly 
lower than the amount of free cash flow our business generates. Looking at the working 
capital side, the lower production has a sort of a double hit on us because it also means the 
working capital goes negative as payables fall with reduced production. This has impacted 
overall free cash flow, which was roughly flat for the first half. Those working capital effects 
are going to reverse back out in H2, which will give us a much stronger cash flow in the 
second half of the year. Next chart. 
 
Turning to investment, investment in H1 was just under GBP1.9 billion, about GBP400 
million higher than the same period last year. This was driven by our BEV transition and 
our very forward and very exciting new product cadence over the next few years. 
Engineering capitalization ratio was stable at circa 65%. Okay, so if I move on to a business 
update, which I think is next. 
 
Let's move straight in, straight into China. So definitely worth giving an update of our 
perspective on China and what's playing out over there. So I think there's two main themes. 
On the left-hand side, there has been industry-wide discounting and overstocking for quite 
some time. And this has really started to put extreme levels of stress into the retailer 
industry, automotive retailer industry across China. We are seeing considerable insolvencies 
in that space. And that means the loss of retail points for us and other manufacturers to 
access the market. It also tends to have a bit of a domino effect because the fact that some 
retail groups are not able to survive reduces the amount of new funding and credit that 
the other ones can get. So there is extreme stress in the distribution structures for vehicles 
in China. And that's partly related in the middle section where there are also demand 
challenges, both industry-wide and in the sectors in which we operate. So, premium market 
down 12%, the ICE market down 22%. In that context, our performance in the first half of 
the year, we haven't done badly. Retails on our imported cars was down 4%. Wholesales 
were actually up. And we've managed dealer inventory very well and coped really quickly 
with the loss of retail points. So what we'll find is, look, China is not something that's going 
to get solved very, very quickly. And it will definitely give us some weakness in that market 
in the second half of the year. But from where we stand now in Q2, we've done a reasonable 
job. Next chart. 
 
So we continue to invest and invest strongly in our reimagine strategy. So this picture is the 
BEV lines up in Halewood. It's an amazing facility dedicated to BEV production, and it'll 
eliminate tailpipe emissions, but also you'll see near the bottom of the text on the right, it 
will also reduce our own emissions. So we're taking maybe 40,000 tons of CO2e out of 
Halewood's industrial footprint. So we reconfirm our commitment to our strategy, which 
means that we will be net carbon zero by 2039, only BEVs by 2036, and have a BEV derivative 
of all of our brands by 2030. Next chart. 
 
So financial outlook, looking ahead. We have mentioned Q2 was hurt by factors largely out 
of our control, and we expect to bounce back strongly in H2. Though the headroom to 
holding these commitments, which are GBP30 billion worth of revenue, greater than or 
equal to 8.5% EBIT and net cash positive, they are still our commitments. It is worthwhile 
saying, however, that the headroom to achieving those is tighter than I would like. Next 
page. 

Page 5 of 21 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   November 08, 2024 
 
 
 
Tata Commercial Vehicles, back to you Balaji. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thank you, Richard. Let me now hand it over to Ramanan and Girish to do the sections on 
the Commercial Vehicles. Ramanan, do you want to start? 
 
G. V. Ramanan 
Thank you, Balaji. I think Q2, the CV industry saw 11% decline year-on-year in terms of 
volume, largely impacted on external factors of infra slow down and reduction in mining. If 
you see in terms of registration market shares have been kind of steady. On a half-year 
basis, it's at 38.1% despite this decline, and the passenger segment has also seen a growth. 
Next page. 
 
On the revenue and financials, we did witness a slide in revenue, largely on account of the 
market conditions, but have sustained a double-digit EBITDA with 40 bps growth over yoy. 
And also, on a half-yearly basis, the EBITDA has improved. It's a double-digit EBITDA that 
we've been able to manage. EBITDA has improved by 120 bps, and this is leading to a strong 
PBT, resulting in a good ROCE at around 37.4%. 
 
Let me just take you through the walk on the PBT, Q2 of last year to the current year Q2. 
Coming to this walk, you will see that lower volume has kind of impacted us adversely, but 
favorable pricing and the variable cost benefits have adequately helped us bridge the gap. 
Overall, we sustained the margin well. And I would now request Girish to kind of share 
more insights. 
 
Girish Wagh 
 
Thank you, Ramanan. 
 
So as Ramanan mentioned, I think the industry volumes declined by around 11% mainly due 
to the slowdown in infra activities, reduction in mining and also heavy rain impacting the 
movement of freight. In heavy commercials, intermediate, light, medium commercial 
vehicles and SCV pickup, the volumes declined by around 24%, 13% and 10%, respectively, 
whereas passenger carriers grew by 5%. Passenger carriers continued to do well. Interesting 
data which we are now able to track live, I think the kilometers run by vehicles on a daily 
basis did decline significantly and on a year-on-year basis, on the lowest level there was a 
decline of almost 15% to 17%. And we have also seen that the diesel consumption has 
reduced to almost 15% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. The good thing though is in October, 
which was also a festive month, I think the running of vehicles have come back to the 
previous October levels. So, now we need to watch for remaining months as to how do 
they continue at the same level going ahead. Another good part was despite this year-on-
year drop in utilization and a significant drop in utilization, I think the freight rates 
moderated just marginally, which therefore ensured that transporter profitability, while it 
came down a bit, but still continued to be at a good level, which is, I would say, a healthy 
sign for the industry. Customer sentiment index, which is a metric that we track internally, 
it did moderate due to the seasonal dip, so it is expected to go down in Q2, but it continues 
to remain at a good level. On the commodities, whatever increase we had seen in Q1 has 
more or less retracted in Q2, especially steel, which has a higher impact in commercial 

Page 6 of 21 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   November 08, 2024 
 
 
vehicles. 
 
Going next, so Tata Motors Commercial Vehicles, our overall volumes declined 19% on a 
year­ on-year basis in quarter two and around 8% year-on-year basis for the entire first 
half. And within that, heavy commercial vehicles, intermediate, light, medium commercial 
vehicles and the passenger carriers, we have been able to perform better than the industry 
in the first half of this financial year. Within this, the MCV trucks, that is the 19 ton trucks 
actually grew in double digits on year-on­year basis, while the overall industry declined. 
Passenger carriers also grew by 3%. We were able to further improve the contribution of 
digitally generated leads by up to almost 27%. We are running now at the 30% higher level 
as compared to first half of last year. We continue to launch new products and variants to 
get into micro segments and niche markets. We further accelerated the cost reduction 
efforts and also improved and maintained realizations across the range despite lower 
volume. We continue to increase the spares and service penetration, both on a Y-o-Y, of 
course, and quarter-on-quarter basis. In electric mobility, we delivered and registered 550 
electric buses in the quarter gone by. And till now, we have more than 3,300 buses 
registered and  running. Ace EV, I think despite the FAME2 not being there, with the launch 
of new variants and new value propositions in Ace EV with 1 ton payload, we continue to 
do well and have shown a Y-o-Y growth both in Q1 as well as Q2. And now we have more 
than 6,400 vehicles running on roads with cumulative coverage of more than 50 million 
kilometers. We continue to deliver 99% uptime, leading to very high customer satisfaction 
levels. And as I said, the volumes have seen a 17% growth on a yoy basis. On sustainability, 
I think we are on track for all our plans, meet the decarbonization roadmap in line with 
the SBTi glide path or the circular economy and within that you will see that our 
Pantnagar plant actually received the ‘Zero Waste To Landfill’ certification.  On the smart 
city mobility, now there are more than 3,300 buses, which have crossed more than 200 
million kilometers cumulatively and we continue to deliver higher than 95% of uptime. So, 
we are now at the last leg of deployment of buses under the CESL tender that we had won 
and more than 2,000 buses have been deployed. We have also deployed 200 electric buses 
in Jammu and Srinagar, and running very well. On the PM E-Drive, we welcome it, it's a good 
scheme. It does address the payment security mechanism that we have been talking about, 
but we await further details on some of the other points that we have raised in the pre-bid 
meetings and especially related to an asset-light model. On the Digital business, I think we 
continue to build the scale and have also established the revenue model. Fleetedge now 
has more than 710,000 active vehicles on the platform and a very healthy daily, weekly and 
monthly active usage, almost 78% monthly active users and 52% weekly active users. Our 
machine learning based fuel efficiency solution, the Mileage Sarathi is now live on more 
than 340,000 vehicles and we continue to deliver a median fuel efficiency improvement of 
around 4.8%. In the quarter gone by, we also launched a unique service, ‘API as service’ with 
which fleet owners are now able to share live location as well as the status of the freight to 
the shippers. So, the shippers can therefore integrate it into their system and have a better 
track with respect to the freight. E-Dukaan, our digital storefront has now 34,000 registered 
buyers and we are selling more than 28,000 SKUs and significant penetration in our retail 
segment for spare parts. Fleetverse, which is our online vehicle purchase commerce 
platform, we have achieved now more than 10,000 retails in Q2 and almost half of those 
are absolutely unique retails. Delighted to note that both Fleetedge and Fleetverse, now 
we have native mobile apps launched with which I think people can work on it on the move. 
 
 
 

Page 7 of 21 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   November 08, 2024 
 
 
 
Looking ahead, we expect the gradual increase in infrastructure spending to boost the 
consumption and therefore improve the demand as we go ahead. October has been a 
fairly good month with a marginal increase on a Y-o-Y basis. Within trucks and buses, we 
will continue to introduce new variants, drive our value selling agenda, of course by 
improving the value propositions being delivered to the customer. On small commercial 
vehicles where we are challenged on the volumes, we are working on a three-pronged 
agenda. First is improving the value proposition, product value proposition across the 
range wherein we will increase the payload and therefore improve operating economics for 
the customers. Conversion challenges which are being seen in this segment, we have been 
working closely with the financiers to unlock this through attractive schemes. And then 
there is a whole set of front-end transformation, in set of initiatives which are being 
deployed to improve the entire operating rhythm. On service and spares, we will 
continue to drive growth, and increase penetration by leveraging our digital storefront. 
International markets, we continue to maintain the shares, margins and, of course, the 
channel health. We will continue with the cost reduction efforts which have been helping 
us well in entire first half. And on sustainability, as I said, we will continue execution of all 
three that is net zero, circularity as well as biodiversity initiatives. 
 
So that's about CV, Balaji back to you. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thanks, Girish. Shailesh, Dhiman, can you take on the PV piece? 
 
Dhiman Gupta 
 
Yeah. Thank you, Balaji.  
 
Tata Motors in H1 FY25, market share stood at 13.3%, flattish on a year­ on-year basis. There 
was a slight decline in our market share due to adverse  salience of hatches. However, we 
saw strong growth during the festive period in October with our market share bouncing 
back to Q1 of 13.7%, as we secured our highest ever monthly registrations of 68,500 units. 
Our powertrain mix is becoming more emission-friendly and is likely to grow further with 
the launch of Curvv.ev and Nexon iCNG, both of which have been very well-received in the 
market. Our CAFE compliance is very below threshold, and we have a headroom of 25 gram 
per kilometer, which goes to show the impact of our multi-powertrain strategy. Next slide, 
please. 
 
Overall, EV industry volumes have been impacted by the challenges in the broader PV 
industry and the withdrawal of certain subsidies, especially in the Fleet segment. While 
there has been a sharp decline in the Fleet segment post-expiry of the FAME2 incentive, we 
have been able to sustain our personal segment market share at 67%, despite an 
intensifying competitive environment with new product launches. We continue to work on 
driving growth in ecosystem to holistically enable mainstreaming of EVs, and the 
consistent growth in charging infrastructure will be a major tailwind going forward. Next 
slide, please. 
 
 
 
 

Page 8 of 21 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   November 08, 2024 
 
 
 
Our revenues declined by 4% on a year-on-year basis, reflecting the broader slowdown 
in consumer demand and the moderation of offtakes we did to keep our channel 
inventory under control. While our EBITDA margins were steady, EBIT margins declined due 
to higher D&A charges that we took on our new product launches. Next slide, Anish. 
 
This is the profitability walk on a year-on-year basis. The slowdown in consumer demand 
and the high industry channel inventories have led to a higher state of price discounting in 
the market. We have, however, been able to offset much of the adverse impact through 
consistent mix improvements and material cost reductions. What has impacted our 
profitability is the higher D&A and production development expenses, which we haven't 
been able to fully absorb due to the loss in operating leverage, and some of the new 
launches happened only for part of the quarter. So, their volume ramp-up is still in 
progress, so we've not got the full benefit of volumes there. For the PV ICE business 
margins, they've remained steady on a quarter-on-quarter basis, while the EV business 
profitability has shown consistent improvement on the back of battery price reductions and 
the profits of new product launches. Shailesh? 
 
Shailesh Chandra 
 
Thank you, Dhiman.  
Let me start with the industry highlights. The industry registrations and wholesale de-grew 
by 5% and 2% year-on-year, and industry registrations were actually 26 month low in 
September. Sustained wholesale, which has been happening in the industry at the rate of 
nearly 350,000 a month, led to build-up of channel inventory and high levels of discounting 
ahead of the festive season. SUVs have been sustaining volumes, boasting nearly 8% growth 
year-on-year, while, as Dhiman also spoke about, hatches and sedans, which continue to 
lose salience with 20% de-growth that we have seen. However, it was heartening to see 
that the new launches have been able to create excitement in the market and drive footfalls 
for various OEMs who have launched new products. EV industry faced headwinds due to PV 
industry slowdown and withdrawal of key incentives, particularly for fleet, as was also 
mentioned by Dhiman, FAME2 got discontinued. And in certain states, the road tax 
benefit also was temporarily, kind of, it had expired and did not get continued in certain 
states. Coming to Tata Motors, in quarter two, our registrations and wholesale de-grew by 
4.5% and 5.8%, respectively. While we had a strong booking pipeline built up by the new 
launches, that is, Curvv and Nexon CNG, we were only limited to the supply during the 
quarter. It was only limited deliveries that we could do in the quarter. And therefore, the 
full benefit of the new launches could not get reflected in quarter two. Punch has sustained 
as the top selling model in the industry in first half, with more than 100,000 units which got 
sold. However, market share gains from new products was offset by adverse salient shifts 
in the industry, which is hatches and sedans. We maintained our market leadership in EV 
segment despite growing competition. And in the personal segment, as Dhiman mentioned 
in the slide, that we sustained, but in fleet segment, we had to take a hit because of the 
fleet segment not getting the benefit of FAME after March. Next slide, please. 
 
Talking about industry outlook and TML actions, in quarter three, we expect retail to be 
strong, driven by festivities and the year end demand. Industry wholesale may be lower 
than retail, so as to reduce the channel inventory ahead of the new calendar year. That is 
for the industry. Tata Motors will focus on driving significant growth in retail on the back 
of new model launches and will be backed by marketing campaigns. 
 

Page 9 of 21 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   November 08, 2024 
 
 
 
We would strengthen our dealership network in terms of health as well as reach. 
Continued effort will be taken forward as far as mainstreaming of EVs are concerned with 
focused market development and ecosystem actions. And we will continue to intensify the 
cost reduction efforts to maintain profitability in the intensifying competition 
environment. 
 
Balaji, over to you. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thanks, Shailesh. Thanks, Dhiman. Just to quickly wrap this up.  
Cash flows-wise, despite a challenging quarter, I think cash profits after tax are sustaining 
the capex spends. And very similar to JLR, we do expect the working capital to continue to 
reverse as the growth picks up during the quarters coming ahead. Next slide, please. 
 
Ratings have been coming through both at the domestic level as well as international level, 
both here and in JLR. So therefore, that is heartening, but of course, we still continue to, as 
performance keeps picking up, we will continue to keep working with the rating agencies 
to step this up further. Next slide. 
 
So overall, looking ahead, I think from an outlook perspective, we do remain cautious on 
the near-term domestic demand. But the festive season that has just gone by as well, which 
is a pretty strong one, and the infrastructure investments of the government starting to 
come through, this should help domestic demand going forward. And, as far as JLR is 
concerned, the wholesales will improve sharply as the supply challenges ease. However, 
we do remain watchful on the global demand situation. And we expect the second half of 
the year to improve significantly and the business to become net debt free as these issues 
work themselves out. Priorities are there, has been covered extensively in the business. 
 
And let me therefore now quickly cut to the Q&A that is there. 
 
Questions and Answers section 
 
P.B. Balaji 
I think a lot of questions coming through on the guidance and why are we confident to do 
it on the JLR side. Let me start with the first one on that one, Kapil from Nomura. 
 
I think it is a tough quarter for the industry and several luxury OEMs have reduced guidance. 
Please give us some color on how is JLR able to maintain this guidance in this market 
condition? Then are you still on track for the 10% EBIT margin in FY 26? Is there any change 
that you're thinking about it? 
 
 
 
 
 

Page 10 of 21 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   November 08, 2024 
 
 
Richard Molyneux 
 
Okay, so let me  obviously, let me cover that. So we are holding our guidance, but with very 
limited headroom left. If you look at P&L, so we've mentioned that we had a quality hold 
on 6,000 vehicles in Q2. Those will be wholesaled in Q3. So that will just reverse back in 
from timing. In addition, we did suffer in the quarter, real supply constraints as a result of 
the flood at our aluminum supplier. We only were able to produce 86,000 vehicles in the 
quarter. Those constraints are largely over now. So we also expect to increase production 
to allow us to wholesale more rapidly. So there's a couple of things that lead us to expect 
that P&L wise will pick up. On the cash side, I did mention the working capital pick up, 
that will definitely reverse back to working capital favorable in the second half of the 
year. Also, take a look at the natural seasonality in our business. Q4 last year, I think our 
cash generation was around GBP900 million and we would expect Q4 to be really our 
dominant quarter for cash generation again this time round. So, both natural seasonality 
and not only the elimination, but the reversal of some of the constraints that we had in 
Q2, mean we are still holding on to our guidance. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Can you also comment on FY 26, Richard? 
Richard Molyneux 
 
Yes, FY26 follows a similar thought pattern, to be entirely honest with you. 10% is still 
possible, particularly as the D&A effects of extending out the end point of our ICE products 
will still be very relevant in that year. But again, it is getting tighter. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thanks, Richard. Shailesh, this is coming your way in terms of, this is from Pramod, Incred. 
Your car business profitability has been vulnerable to industry slowdown. What 
structural changes are you taking to ease the situation in the medium term, including 
strengthening car dealership networks to handle the current slowdown, as well as 
reliance on new products is pretty high in this business. How would you diversify? 
Shailesh Chandra 
 
Okay, so, and the third part I also see in the question, which is on the EV sector. Let me 
answer one by one. So, as far as profitability is concerned, I think Dhiman covered that in 
quite detail with that waterfall chart that was shown. The whole industry environment was 
that of discounting in the first half, and therefore, we had to also discount to compete in 
different segments in which we have our products positioned. However, that was more 
than offset with the cost reduction efforts that we have been driving in the organization. 
Nevertheless, since we could not have the benefit of the volume growth, and there was 
increased D&A, it had an adverse impact as far as profitability is concerned. Having said 
that, I think the cost reduction actions in the company is being expedited, and we see 
that it is going to deliver better than what we have delivered in H1. So, that is going to 
be favorable for the profitability. At the same time some of the new model launches that 
have happened makes our volume mix also richer. So, that should also help. So, broadly, I 
see that in the H2, also with volume growth and leverage benefit that we might get, the 
profitability should have a favorable impact. 
 

Page 11 of 21 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   November 08, 2024 
 
 
As far as strengthening of car dealership network is concerned, I think we were one 
manufacturer who have taken sharper offtake cuts as compared to the industry and that 
has enabled us with the strongest ever retail that we had in October in the festive season 
that has allowed us to significantly bring down the inventory levels to now for majority of 
our dealers less than 30 days and median holding days of inventory would now have 
reduced to 30, 31 days. So therefore, dealers with those reduced inventory, their finance 
cost and all would have significantly reduced and we are very particular about the 
profitability of our dealership. So I think, after October, we have significantly been able to 
bring back a very positive health of our dealership, so that was on the second question. The 
third is on the launches and diversification of our product portfolio. We have already 
shared our launches for two years and all we have already launched Curvv, there will be 
hopefully Harrier EV which will also be launched in the EV segment and then we have a 
Sierra also which is going to come in the second half or late 2025. So these are the 
products which are going to come in FY 26 and of course it will also include the MCE (Mid 
Cycle Enhancements) especially in the car segment. 
 
As then the third question is on EV segment which is about product price changes, how do 
you think the pricing change cost? Okay, so it has been a bit volatile as far as price is 
concerned globally, I would say for EVs and the simple reason for that has been steep 
reduction in the prices of cells. And as manufacturer and leading manufacturer in the 
country, we have tried to pass that on to the customers, so that we bring the price of electric 
vehicles closer to the automatic car prices in the ICE segment. So I don't see that now there 
should be any significant price corrections going forward because now we have come to 
more stable level of cell prices. So therefore, now we should see the price stability as far as 
EVs are concerned. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thanks, Shailesh. Richard, this is coming your way. This is from Nishit Jalan. Could you 
quantify the impact of this production loss on your EBIT as well as holding back the 6,000 
units. How much of production got impacted and what do you believe is the underlying EBIT 
if you are just for these two? That is one. 
 
Second, the quality issue per se, could you just give a bit of color on what this issue was and 
has it been resolved? And lastly, can you also talk about warranty costs that you have 
alluded to saying it's gone up. Anything that we should be highlighting there further? 
 
Richard Molyneux 
 
Yeah, okay, let me take those in turn. So, production was only 86,000 units in the quarter, 
which is at least 10,000 south of where we would have expected it to be. If you take the 
aluminum supply issue and the effect of the 6,000 units, the best thing to do, I think, 
would be to look at our EBIT range over the last seven quarters. It's been in the range of 
6.5%, 8.8%. We would have been fairly much in that range had those issues not happened. 
 
Next question, what was the issue with the 6,000 units? It was a specific part that we 
needed to run some additional tests on. It occurred very late in the quarter and we took a 
conservative approach of not recognizing that revenue at that point in time. The issue is 
resolved. Parts, where they need to be replaced are in process. So, those 6,000 units will 
appear in Q3 wholesales. 

Page 12 of 21 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   November 08, 2024 
 
 
 
The impact of warranty. Warranty is going up for us, strangely, even though quality is also 
improving. So even though 12-month in service and 24-month in service sort of repairs in 
terms of numbers is coming down, warranty expense in cash and accruals is going up. That's 
partly due to inflation in terms of the labor rates at our dealers. That is partly due to the 
nature of the repairs. And it's something that we're very much focused on. So it's a strange 
environment where the quality of the vehicles is improving, but the amount of money in 
cash that we're spending on warranty is simultaneously rising. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Can you just continue to talk about FME as well as dealer compensation in China? It's part 
of the same question. All of them are new angles. 
 
Richard Molyneux 
 
Yes. So, FME has been higher in Q2 and we would expect it to continue at high levels. I 
mean, essentially, if you look at FME or marketing and our selling expense as one entity in 
terms of demand generation, both are going up and we would expect FME to flatten out 
at roughly these rates. We'd expect VME to rise a little bit further in the second half of the 
year. But for us, remember VME, although we only show you one number, it really is a split 
of still, industry-leading in terms of low VME on Range Rover, Range Rover Sport and 
Defender and higher VME for us, considerably higher VME on the models that we're 
running out in terms of Jaguar and also those models that are later in their lifecycle that 
will get replaced when we launch the EMA architecture. 
 
So we only quote one number, but there is a big sort of discrepancy between our car lines 
and between our regions in terms of where we spend our VME. Overall, I do expect it to 
be a little bit higher in the second half of the year, but not massively so. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
And last one in terms of compensation of dealers in China, is there a challenge there? 
Richard Molyneux 
 
Look, there is definitely a challenge with the dealer network, and we're having to be very 
proactive in how we manage both those where the retail points are closing, because those 
dealer groups can't survive, and to support the ones that do remain. Obviously, those that 
do remain have higher areas in terms of where they can sell to. So we're doing it on a one-
by-one basis, we're not doing anything generic across the country. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Actually, just staying with you for the next question from Aditya Jhawar, Investec. This is 
about the industry in China between ICE and EV. While it seems that the ICE industry has 
declined, overall PV industry has reported modest growth led by NEVs. On the ground, 
feedback suggests some loss of market share to EVs. Looking at the intensive competition 
across price points, what's your strategy of positioning our EVs in the Chinese market? 
 

Page 13 of 21 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   November 08, 2024 
 
 
Richard Molyneux 
 
So I think, excuse me, there is, again, a difference you can draw between those vehicles that 
we produce and sell locally, which tend to be in the lower price segments. Lower price for 
us is still quite high industry-wide, but they are definitely suffering from NEV competition. 
 And remember, NEV is not BEV. By the way, we have to make sure that that NEV covers PHEV, 
range extenders, and BEV. And actually, its range extenders and PHEVs that are quite high in 
that area. But regardless of that, in the lower segments, absolutely, there is very strong 
competition from the new entry BEVs impacting the available market for ICE vehicles. In the 
top end, there really isn't yet. So there are no local BEVs competing at the price points. All 
the performance, all the brand that we have with Range Rover, Range Rover Sport, 
Defender, and we will have with Jaguar once we relaunch the brand, so that area is still to 
be tested. And most of the competition, I'll use the phrase in the killing fields, but you know 
what I mean. In the mass sector of the market, that is really, really nasty. It is not so nasty 
yet in the segments of the industry where we really play and where we really rely for our 
profitability. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thank you, Richard. I'll probably give you a break for now. I'll shift gears to CV which we 
have not had all the questions that towards the rear end. This is from Abhinav Ganeshan 
from SBI Pension Funds. 
 
I think you have covered about the festive season demand, but can you talk about 
discounting? Can you also speak about the discounting that we are currently seeing? Can 
we comment on the pricing discipline in the market going forward? 
 
Girish Wagh 
 
Right, okay, so I think as far as the festive season is concerned, we did see a very good 
improvement in the utilization of the trucks, possibility due to increased consumption. At 
the same time, I think October was the first month which was post the rainy season. So 
we've also seen the tipper utilization going up, which also indicates that the infrastructure 
projects have also started doing well. So that's on the heavy trucks. 
 
As far as actual vehicle demand is concerned, I think the festive season did see an increased 
volumes in the small commercial vehicle segment. And we did see around 30% month-over­ 
month growth in volumes in the month gone by. Now, as far as pricing is concerned, I think 
we maintain our position. We continue to have a very disciplined approach with price being 
only one part of the value proposition. The many other aspects and attributes which add 
value to the customer, starting from product, cost of ownership, the entire annual 
maintenance contract package, the Fleetedge and the kind of benefits that Fleetedge 
delivers. So I think we focus on delivering improving value propositions to the customer. 
And on the back of that, I have a very, very disciplined pricing approach which has 
continued in the entire second quarter's, despite the volumes going down. Balaji? 
 
 
 
 

Page 14 of 21 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   November 08, 2024 
 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thank you, Girish. Staying with you for a while. Next question is from Jinesh Gandhi. You 
covered this first part of the question. Can you also talk about some banks and NBFCs are 
highlighting increase in NPA’s in the CV portfolio. Are you seeing any signs of stress on 
availability of finance for M&HCV? And also, what's your outstanding order book of ACE 
EV? How's your capacity? 
 
Girish Wagh 
Yeah.  So Balaji, I think Jinesh has also asked for outlook. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Yeah, please. 
 
Girish Wagh 
 
So I think let me go segment by segment. So amongst the four segments that we see in 
commercial vehicles, the passenger commercial vehicles, that is buses and vans, should see 
the higher growth in second half, followed by growth in intermediate, light, medium 
commercial vehicles. And I think small commercial vehicles and heavy commercial vehicles 
is something that we'll have to keep a watch on how things pan out. October has been a 
good departure from Q2, which had seen a Y-o-Y decline. So that's something that we need 
to keep a track. And as I said, the daily running of trucks, which we track, has done well in 
October. Need to keep a track of that as we go ahead and see that it continues at that level. 
 
Now, coming to your second question about financing, we don't see any stress in medium 
and heavy commercial vehicles, even intermediate commercial vehicles at all. But yes, there 
has been a stress in the small commercial vehicles. We have seen from whatever 
engagements we have been having with the financiers that the NPAs have gone up to some 
extent. And that's why, as I mentioned in my presentation, for small commercial vehicles 
specifically, I think we have come up with financing schemes which improve the value 
proposition both for the customer as well as the financier. And I think that's something 
which we are seeing good traction starting from the last month. Coming to Ace EV, see, we 
have been working with quite a few anchor customers. Now, we have total 62 anchor 
customers who are our repeat buyers. So, they are essentially corporates who are 
deploying electric vehicles for their last mile distribution to meet their decarbonization 
target. In the last quarter, we have added eight such anchor customers and we continue 
to increase this. We are also working with quite a few municipalities across the country 
for decarbonizing their intracity transport. And we also continue to work with a few retail 
customers who have been taking to Ace EV once they are sure about the load carrying 
capability as well as the range. So that's how we are growing the demand on Ace EV. I think 
as far as capacity is concerned, we are placed well. We can produce thousands a month and 
as and when required, we can go on increasing the capacity. Balaji? 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Yeah. Thank you, Girish. Shailesh, this is coming your way. India PVs, any comment on growth 
in festives period and dealer inventory levels? 
 

Page 15 of 21 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   November 08, 2024 
 
 
Shailesh Chandra 
 
Yeah. So, in the earlier question, I commented that it was our highest ever 
retail/registration. And we focused on reducing the dealer inventory levels to normal level. 
And therefore, we moderated our offtake also to do that in October and even in the earlier 
months. So now it is down to 30, 31 days, as I said. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
There are a lot of questions on Curvv split between EV, PV, sorry EV versus ICE, as well as how 
is the current response and can you just take all those questions together. 
 
Shailesh Chandra 
 
So the ratio of EV as far as all the penetration of bookings as far as EVs are concerned and 
Curvv has been about 20%, very strong bookings. Be aware that the supplies really started 
in the second half of September and therefore before the test drive could reach, we could 
not really leverage the Curvv sales in quarter two, but we had very strong bookings that we 
received both for EVs as well as for ICE. And from October really we started seeing the 
ramp up of our production also. There have been ramp up issues in Ranjangaon where we 
have been making these vehicles. Also, there are three or four critical variants which are 
yet to be launched. So that had got delayed, which should get productionized in 
December. So real supplies, and leveraging all the variants that we have announced as far 
as Curvv is concerned will start being seen from January. So it has been strong and as I said, 
20% is the booking penetration of Curvv.ev. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thank you, Shailesh. Richard, this is coming your way. It is from Rakesh Kumar, BNP Paribas. 
Does your investment plans have flexibility to be recalibrated if overall demand 
environment, especially EV demand comes under sustained pressure? Jaguar is obviously 
committed to be an EV only vehicle and incremental launches on Land Rover appears also 
to be EV heavy? Could you comment on that? 
Richard Molyneux 
 
Sure. So we're in the development of three architectures in parallel. So we have MLA which 
is the one which Range Rover, Range Rover Sport is based; EMA which will be the 
replacement of the cars below those segments and JEA for Jaguar. So each of those will get 
BEV offerings. So the Range Rover, Range Rover Sport will be the first to get a BEV and it will 
be on exactly the same architecture as the ICE derivatives. The BEV there will come out 
towards the end of next year. But that will mean that basically you can go into a retailer and 
buy Range Rover that is either a diesel, a six-cylinder petrol and eight-cylinder petrol, a PHEV 
or BEV they all look the same. Next will be the vehicles of the EMA architecture. 
 
Those are the ones that are produced in Halewood where I showed you the picture of the 
lines earlier on. They will come in early 2026, the first of those will come in early 2026, the 
new Jaguar will come just after that. 
 
 

Page 16 of 21 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   November 08, 2024 
 
 
 
So do we have flexibility? Yes, because all of those things are ahead of us and there are 
second and third derivative vehicles in each of those circumstances that we can also push 
back. So, we do have some flexibility, but we are simultaneously making sure that we can 
offer BEVs for each of our brands, because there are still indications to the market that are 
going to go that way and we require that for emissions compliance in many places as well. 
So yes, we have flexibility largely because our BEV roll-out is ahead of us, and I guess that's 
one advantage of that statement being true. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thanks, Richard. Dhiman, this is coming your way. Kapil Singh on PLI. What are the current 
status of the application, that we put out there including for this Curvv as well as a CV? And 
what's accounting policy that we are following? 
 
Dhiman Gupta 
 
So thanks, Balaji. I think for PLI, the last date for submission of the PLI application was 30th  
September. We've filed all the documentation on time. The government has already looked 
at all the submissions, that's been accepted. The various agencies will now be visiting our 
factories to confirm and go through the physical verification. The timelines intended for the 
government for disbursement of PLI funds are 60 days from 30th September. So since it's 
already in progress, we expect the funds to come in, in the coming months. In terms of our 
accounting policy, whenever there is a new scheme announced by the government where 
the process is still to be established, we don't accrue it in our P&L and we typically 
recognize it when the cash is either disbursed or when there is a certainty of the timing of 
the cash disbursal. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thanks, Dhiman. Girish, this is on CV growth expectation from Gunjan, BOFA. How do you 
expect full year growth now to pan out for the CV industry? And any color on the segment-
wise trends? 
 
Girish Wagh 
 
Yeah. So I think let me give an outlook only for H2 because we know what has happened in 
H1 on a Y-o-Y basis. So in H2 as I said, segment-wise I do expect the passenger, i.e. buses and 
vans to do better than last year, followed by intermediate, light, medium commercial 
vehicles is same to better than last year. I think SCV Pick up and heavy commercial vehicles 
is something will keep a watch and I think based on the October numbers, we have a positive 
bias on H2 numbers for these two segments flat to positive bias. Segment-wise trends, I 
would say that buses are seeing very healthy utilization both for school buses as well as 
intra-city, inter-city buses seeing healthy utilization and therefore, there is a fair bit of 
demand here. 
 
In intermediate, light, medium commercial vehicles, there is a clear shift which is happening 
towards 19 ton, the largest segment, sub-segment in that overall line. In heavy commercial 
vehicles also, we continue to see a shift happening towards the 55 ton tractor-trailers for 
cargo movement. And in small commercial vehicles, pickups also, we see a shift happening 
towards pickup with higher payload. I think so, in each of the sub-segment, there has been 

Page 17 of 21 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   November 08, 2024 
 
 
a movement happening towards vehicles with higher load carrying capability. So, that's the 
segment-wise trend that we see. Balaji? 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Yeah. Thanks, Girish. Shailesh, this is coming down your way. Sorry, give me a minute, 
please. Yeah. This is from Gunjan, BOFA. You have answered the first part of the question 
on Curvv and orderbooks. Can you also talk in terms of Nexon cannibalization, is there any 
impact of that? As well as understanding the price cuts that we took on the PV portfolio, 
the rationale for that, as well as the impact on the profitability? 
 
Shailesh Chandra 
 
Yeah. Thanks, Balaji. First, on the cannibalization, frankly, we have just seen one month. If I 
have to go by bookings and the retail that we saw in October, we have not seen any 
cannibalization as far as Nexon is concerned. Actually, we had the highest ever retail of 
Nexon since 2017 in the month of October alongside Curvv also, which had a very strong 
retail as the supplies came in that month. 
 
The second one is on the pricing cut. Frankly, the discounting in the first quarter had gone 
up for all the manufacturers and we took a conscious decision to rather cut the prices rather 
than keep the discount very heavy because it impacts the brand. That is on the PV side. 
 
But as far as EV is concerned, we have taken the price cut because as one of the levers for 
mainstreaming EVs, it was also needed that the EV prices come closer to the ICE prices and 
we had the benefit of significant reduction in cell prices and some significant efforts in the 
localization which allowed us to do that. And actually, you have seen that despite those 
steep price cuts that we have taken, our margins in EV business has improved. So, that was 
the rationale. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thanks, Shailesh. Richard, this is coming your way on the mix from Rakesh. JLR mix has 
inversed in the recent years. 10 years back the lowest priced model Discovery Sport used to 
be the highest selling model and Defender used to be the lowest volume model, it's 
reversed now. How much of it is supply constraint led or is this the new normal? Can it 
reverse as demand normalizes and JLR volume grows? 
 
Richard Molyneux 
 
It's the result of our new strategy. So many years ago we were very focused on volume and 
very focused on the car lines that deliver us the volume. Now we're very focused on value 
and the car lines that deliver the value. So we will not be returning to the old model, we'll 
be focusing on Range Rover, Range Rover Sport, Defender, new Jaguar and Discovery to 
drive value ahead of volume. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Yeah, staying with you, could you also, this is from Kapil Singh. JLR FCF guidance, any reason 
for the reduction in guidance from GBP 1.8 billion to GBP 1.3 billion for the current year? 

Page 18 of 21 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   November 08, 2024 
 
 
Richard Molyneux 
 
There's a couple of reasons. First of all, the market is a little bit tougher than we had 
envisaged it to be and also the scale of the investment that's required to keep the ICE 
portfolio of vehicles going for longer and simultaneously to invest in three architectures 
worth of BEVs is a little bit higher than we had originally envisaged. Those are the two 
biggest reasons. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thanks again, staying with you, two more questions coming your way. One is from Amyn 
Pirani and the other is from Joseph George, IIFL. Amyn, JPM - you mentioned the headroom 
of achieving the targets has become very tight. Could you just reflect on the key risks that 
you are worried about and what could take this ultimate margin number lower? And how 
do we intend, and obviously, it's not set in the question, but how do you intend to manage 
it to deliver your guidance that you've called out? 
Richard Molyneux 
 
Yeah, so look, I think you have to be a little bit prosaic in this. If you look at what the industry 
has had to go through and what JLR has had to go through in the last five years or so, we've 
had a series of very major challenges, each of which has hurt us and then we've recovered 
and we've come out of it. 
 
You can think through COVID. You can think then through the semiconductor crisis. You can 
think through what happened in the U.K. in terms of thefts and insurance. Each of those 
three, they've happened, they hurt us, we've recovered. China, I think has happened, it's 
hurt us, but still has a little bit of time to play out and then who knows, who knows what 
the next one's going to be. 
 
So look, I think if you had to focus any points in terms of where there might be risk for 
the balance of the year, it would be China. We are therefore very aware of that and very 
focused on making sure that sure that we take whatever actions we need in China in 
order to defend our positions and also, obviously, look to see whether there are any 
opportunities in other markets to offset that. Simultaneously, we increase our diligence in 
terms of cost management to make sure that we don't rely everything on the revenue side 
of the business. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thanks, Richard. Just staying with you, the comment on the depreciation numbers, those 
have come down quarter-on-quarter. What should be the sustainable level as we look 
into the second half of the year? And a quick clarification, is the reiteration of EBIT margin 
driven by lower depreciation rather than strength in EBITDA? 
 
 
 
 
 

Page 19 of 21 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   November 08, 2024 
 
 
Richard Molyneux 
So I don't think there is a sustainable level of D&A. D&A, we would expect it to be lower 
in the second half of the year than the first half of the year. For exactly the reason I 
mentioned beforehand, we continue to extend the period of time for which we build ICE 
vehicles. 
 
It will increase significantly when we get to the launch of those vehicles, which as I've 
mentioned, is from the back end of 2025 onwards. In terms of our EBIT margin, look, you're 
absolutely right. And you could point out that EBITDA in the quarter that's just passed was 
only 12%, which is very low for us. 
 
So we expect part of the recovery in EBIT margin for the balance of the year to be lower 
D&A, but the majority of it to be improvements in EBITDA as well as volume recovers. And 
we are, as you know, a very volume sensitive business. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thank you. Shailesh, this is probably coming your way in terms of, it's from Ashish Jain, 
Macquarie. You have spoken of increasing the PV salience to 80% versus 55% currently. Any 
timelines for the new launches and the white spaces? 
 
Shailesh Chandra 
 
What we have announced so far is beyond Curvv. Some of the EV models that we talked 
about, which is Harrier EV, which is going to come at the end of this financial year. But also 
Sierra, both in EV as well as ICE version is what is going to be launched. So in the next two 
financial years, we should start reaching a penetration level of about 70%. And we have said 
80% by FY30 is what we have committed. It will, of course, include a few white space 
products, but that is not something which we can share at this stage. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Yeah, thank you. Richard, I'll probably close with you, given the questions that are coming. 
There are two types of questions that are there. I'll probably go to the one that's come to 
us on WhatsApp. In terms of, given the limited headroom, which you have highlighted in 
terms of the guidance that is out there, could you just talk to, I know you've covered it 
many times in the current call, but I think there's still a little bit of clarity needed and 
reassurance needed, as well as outlining the risks needed. Could you just take us through 
your thought process for holding the guidance? And I'll probably come to it at the end of 
it, Richard, after you're done. 
 
 
 
 
Richard Molyneux 
 
Yeah, sure. And again, I'll treat it P&L and cash. So P&L wise, we only wholesaled 87,000 units 

Page 20 of 21 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   November 08, 2024 
 
 
in the quarter. Hit significantly by two effects, which are timing reversing. 6,000 units of 
wholesale hold, and I mentioned beforehand that we had at least 10,000 units of lower 
production driven by the issues we had with aluminum supplies. Parts of those two things 
obviously do overlap a little bit. 
 
So it's not just that that disappears in the second half of the year, it reverses. So we should 
get considerably higher volumes in the second half of the year, and we are a volume 
sensitive business. I mentioned also beforehand that in our industry, when volumes reduce, 
you get a double whammy hit through working capital, as your payables fall dramatically. 
And if you look through the balance sheet where we ended up the quarter is with payables 
of just under GBP900 million, whereas in the normal circumstance, they would be north of 
GBP 1.2 billion. So that will also reverse. So just as you get a double whammy hit when the 
volumes go down, you get a double whammy improvement when the volumes go up. 
 
So, those are largely the things that drive us to think that H2 is going to be considerably 
better than H1. I have mentioned that the thing out there, that concerns me the most is 
China, but we are holding our guidance and we will do our damnedest to get there. 
 
 
P.B. Balaji 
 
Yeah, just to add to what Richard just said, we should also keep in mind that the inventory 
levels for JLR in its markets are quite under control. We've been absolutely paranoid about 
ensuring that those inventory levels are kept tight. 
 
And that has ensured that the VMEs on the cars that we are actually pushing are completely 
under control, which is the three biggies, Range Rover, Range Rover Sport and Defender. 
And with the breakevens having been substantially reduced, as volumes come through, this 
immediately starts flowing through into the P&L. So therefore, there is a fair amount of 
focus in terms of how we intend to deliver it. 
 
What can get this go off track? I think ensuring that China stays and improves from where 
it is today, is an important one. If things deteriorate there dramatically, then that could skew 
the pitch. Other markets that are currently holding on for us in the current levels, we have 
not dramatically shifted volumes over the last few years and therefore it has been a gradual 
increase, as long as that trend continues, we should be there. But the overall demand 
situation does remain something that we need to watch out for. So we don't see anything 
that is currently necessitating any shift in guidance given our current inventory situation and 
the supply issues that we have had. And obviously, we'll continue to remain watchful on 
that particular front. 
 
Probably am I missing anything? So Adrian, Richard, from your side? 
Richard Molyneux 
No, I think that's fair add to what I said. 
 
 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Okay, maybe then probably the last question that is out there. This is from Chandramouli, 

Page 21 of 21 
 
 
Tata Motors Limited  
 
                                                                                                                   November 08, 2024 
 
 
Goldman Sachs. A little bit more on the China side. In the context of European OEMs cutting 
guidance due to China exposure, could you share what share of JLR, excluding the JV, the 
revenue and profit is coming from China? As well as what you're thinking on Chinese OEMs 
looking to compete with JLR's European geography EV business? And this probably the next 
one is more to Shailesh, which I'll come to separately. 
Richard Molyneux 
 
Yeah, okay. So look, China is an important market for us, not as important as others. So we 
sold in terms of wholesales 28,000 in the first half of the year out of a total of 185,000. So 
that's the relevant percentage. 
 
I think as with other OEMs, normally revenue is proportionally higher in China than it is 
in other markets with the FX rates as they are currently standing. So I won't give you a 
specific number, but you should be able to work it out from there. Our thinking in terms 
of Chinese OEMs looking to compete within Europe, yes, but again, at the moment, it's 
focused on sections of the market. Don't just treat the European market as one and the 
Chinese are coming after all of it. They're not, they're coming after a very specific segment 
of it, at least at the moment. That is a segment that ties with the lower end of our existing 
product portfolio. So that will have a little bit of competition, but it is mainly targeted at 
other segments of the market. There's another question there about battery packs. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
I'll take that, Richard, which is more for the Indian business. Are battery pack costs below 
$75 per kilowatt hour, presently; what's the rough range at which we are currently here? 
 
Fair to say that the battery pack costs have come down significantly from what they were 
before. The exact number, for obvious reasons, I'll not be in a position to share. But you've 
already seen that in the EBITDA pre-PDE starting to increase of the EV business. It just tells 
you that as we are getting the battery price reductions, we are passing through in terms of 
pricing, at the same time, we're also improving the profitability of the business. So that's 
how we are looking at it  
 
With this, I think we have covered all the key questions that are there. If there is anything 
specific that we have missed out, please feel free to reach out to our Investor Relations 
team. Once again, thank you all for your support and patiently grilling us with your 
questions, appreciate that. And of course, to the teams both here in the room here, as well 
as the JLR team there. Thanks guys and see you soon. Thank you. 
 
 
