EUB
TRUSTATID EXCELLENCE
stNcE 1904
E Irv U N Itr N BNN r LIM ITED
CIN : 16511OTN1904P1C001287
Regd. Office : 149, T.S.R. (Big) Street, Kumbakonam - 612 001, Thanjavur District, Tamil Nadu.
Telephone No:0435 -2402322 Fax:0435 -2431746
E-mail : shares@cityunionbank.com Website : www.cityunionbank.com
C. O/S h a res/ LR- 5 I 2024 -25
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,
Plot No.C/l, G Bloc(
Bandra-Kurla Complex,
Bandra (E),
Mumbai 400 051
Scrip Code: CUB
October 28,2024
BSE Ltd.,
DCS - CRD,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
25th Floor, Dalal Street,
Mumbai 400 001
Soip Code: 532210
Dear Sir / Madam,
Sub: Transcripts of the Earnings Conference Call - e2Fy2O25
Pursuant to Regulation 46 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations,z}Ls (as amended), the Bank has
hosted in its website the transcript of Earnings Conference Call - Q2 FY ZO2S, with regard to
the Un Audited Standalone Financial Results for Quarter and Half year ended September 30,
2024, as approved by the Board of Directors of the Bank, on October 2I,2024. The weblink is
given below;
https://www.cityunionbank.com/filemanager/Oct24lTRANSCRIpTSe2Fy2O2S.pdf
Kindly take the same on record.
Thanking you
Yours faithfully
for CIIY UNION BANK tlMlTED
Venkataramanan S
Company Secretary
"NARAYANA" Administrative Office, No. 24-8, Gandhi Nagar, Kumbakonam - 612001.
Phone:0435 - 2402322 - Fax:0435 -2431746
VENKATARAMAN
AN SRINIVASAN
Digitally signed by VENKATARAMANAN SRINIVASAN 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=5777, 
pseudonym=133208440338765970024H2BB8u4uPYr, 
2.5.4.20=fc104d222020bf66b1514bc8475a34b7b1d5b881826d
a39511954b62cde4acb2, postalCode=612001, st=Tamil Nadu, 
serialNumber=635992fe15d4790aeca23b493690247c42c5c34a
9c73a8ffceb2fe7ab862da72, cn=VENKATARAMANAN 
SRINIVASAN 
Date: 2024.10.28 12:10:33 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
“City Union Bank Limited 
2QFY25 Conference Call” 
October 21, 2024 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. N. KAMAKODI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – CITY UNION BANK 
LIMITED 
 
MR. R. VIJAY ANANDH – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
CITY UNION BANK LIMITED 
MR. J. SADAGOPAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
CITY UNION BANK LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRABAL GANDHI – AMBIT CAPITAL 
 
 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the City Union Bank 
Limited 2QFY25 Conference Call hosted by Ambit Capital Private 
Limited. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Prabal Gandhi from Ambit 
Capital. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Prabal Gandhi: 
Thank you, Neha. I once again welcome everyone for the City Union 
Bank's Second Quarter Earnings Call. We have with us, Mr. N. 
Kamakodi, MD and CEO, Mr. R. Vijay Anandh, Executive Director and 
Mr. J. Sadagopan, CFO. 
 
Without further ado, I'll hand over the call to Dr. Kamakodi for his 
opening remarks. Post which, we can open the floor for Q&A. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
N. Kamakodi: 
Good evening, everyone. Hearty welcome to all of you for this 
conference call to discuss the unaudited financial results of City Union 
Bank for the second quarter / half year ended 30th September 2024. 
The Board approved the results today, and I hope you all have received 
the copies of the results and the presentation. 
 
At the outset, our bank is completing 120th year of operation this year. 
I take this opportunity to salute all of our predecessors who had laid a 
foundation for our growth and also thank our staff, our customers and 
investor community at large, who has shown great faith in our bank. 
The date of incorporation was 31st October 1904. In our Q4 financial 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
year '24 and the Q1 financial year '25 con calls, we have shared with 
you all our expectations for our current financial year as below.  
 
With all the new digital initiatives supported by strengthened 
top senior level management, we could see visibility on growth 
front going forward. 
 
We are also looking for other revenues for growth and putting 
our best effort to reach the industry level growth as soon as 
possible in credit.  
 
Post the MSME, digital lending model will be expanded to 
secured retail lending such as housing, LAP, micro LAP. In our 
last con call, we had also stated that we are building capacity 
as well as human resources in order to support our retail credit. 
 
On asset quality front, we will continue with the trend of 
reduced slippages coupled with the improved recovery for the 
current year.  
 
Our ROA back at our long-term average of 1.5% and it should 
continue. Since we are taking the cost upfront, our cost-to-
income ratio will be slightly higher in the current year. And once 
the benefits of digital lending and other initiatives transpire into 
growth, the CIR will start coming down. We reduced slippages 
and improved recoveries will help to maintain our PAT growth. 
These are all the points I shared with you all during Q4 financial 
year '24 and the Q1 financial year '25 con calls as the 
expectations for the financial year, '24, '25. 
 
For the current quarter and the current half year ended on 30th 
September 2024, we are almost on track on the expectations, which we 
shared with you all.  
We had registered a 12 % advanced growth for Q2 financial year '25 
year-on-year, and our advance increased to INR48,422 crores from 
INR43,688 crores in Q2 financial year '24. You may observe, we 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
restarted our growth at the beginning of 2022 post-COVID and reached 
the 14 % growth for the December 2022 compared to the previous year 
31st of December 2021. 
 
The calendar year '23 was not good for us as we had to unwind our 
KCC gold portfolio among other things. And growth for December 2023 
slipped to 2 % compared to December 2022. We restarted in January 
2024 and reached a double-digit growth for June 2024. Also on a 
sequential basis, that is compared to 30th of June 2024, our advances 
has increased by more than INR2,100 crores, a 5 % growth in Q2, and 
we had achieved the double-digit growth consecutively in the last two 
quarters. 
 
We have seen considerable improvement in our efficiency levels of 
credit sourcing, along with the digital transformation has resulted in 
reasonable credit growth. Our plans in pipeline like retail vertical and 
other avenues in advances will support us in terms of our credit growth 
once they are all taking a shape. Actually, if you speak, the current 
credit growth is achieved only with our traditional business lines like 
MSME, gold loan, etcetera. Actual incremental credit growth from the 
retail are yet to start. Therefore, whatever growth we have achieved so 
far this 12 % is from our core business, which we had done in the past. 
 
Our deposits had grown by 9 % and stood at INR57,369 crores growth 
for Q2 '25 as compared to INR52,714 crores for Q2 financial year '24. 
In Q2 financial year '25, our deposits has increased by INR2,512 crores, 
a 5 % growth in the current quarter. So the average CD ratio for Q2 
financial year '25 stood at 84 %. Cost of deposits stood at 5.73 % for 
H1 financial year '25 which is almost similar to the last quarter, that is 
Q1 financial year '25. 
 
On asset quality front, as we stated earlier, the trend of recoveries over 
and above the slippages is continuing. For Q2 financial year '25, the 
total slippages is INR176 crores, while the total recoveries is INR265 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
crores, consisting of INR201 crores from live NPA accounts and INR64 
crores from the technically written off accounts, resulting in the 
slippages falling below the recoveries. 
 
For the half year ended financial year '25, our total slippage was INR354 
crores as against INR607 crores in the first half last financial year. On 
the other hand, our total recoveries in H1 financial year '25 is INR501 
crores, consisting of INR393 crores from live NPA accounts and INR108 
crores from technically written off account. As a result, our gross NPA 
% has sequentially decreased from 4.66 % on last year, 30th 
September, 4.47 % in December 2023, 3.99 % for the 31st of March 
2024, and 3.88 % in 30th of June 2024, and now further reduced to 
3.54 % for the current quarter, 30th September 2024. 
 
Similarly, our net NPA number has reduced to INR775 crores and the 
net NPA to 1.62 % in Q2 financial year '25 from 2.34 in Q2 financial 
year '24. Sequentially also, it has decreased from 1.87 % on 30th of 
June 2024 to 1.62 %, that is 25 basis point reduction in the net NPA % 
for current quarter. 
 
We conveyed that expected slippage in the financial year '25 would be 
about INR800 crores during Q4 financial year '24 con call. We are on 
track. As per the trend, we should be reaching between 1% to 1.25 % 
net NPA for the year-end. We understand that we are outliers in the 
provision coverage ratio. We will explore the possibilities of increasing 
the provision coverage ratio also this year.  
Our interest income had grown by 10 % in Q2 financial year '25 and 
increased to INR1,434 crores from INR1,304 crores in Q2 financial year 
'24. Our yield on advances stood at 9.81 % for Q2 financial year '25 
against 9.77 % for the same period last year. Our net interest margin 
for Q2 financial year '25 had improved to 3.67 % as compared to 3.54 
% in Q1 financial year '25. And for H1 financial year '25, it stood at 3.60 
%. It looks like the interest rate reduction cycle is some time away. As 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
discussed in the earlier call, the margin should be at the 3.6 % plus or 
minus 10 basis points, as we discussed during multiple times in the 
past. 
 
Our cost-to-income ratio for Q2 financial year '23 had reduced to 47.06 
% as compared to 49.34 % in the Q1 financial year '25 and 51 % in Q4 
2024, showing a sequential decrease. During the earlier call, we had 
said that we will see a reduction in the operating profit, but we will 
manage the price with the help of reduced credit cost. After 6 quarters 
or so, we have started seeing operating profit also showing growth as 
business has started showing growth, which is also getting converted 
into improved operating profit cycle. 
 
Coming back to the cost-to-income ratio, once again, we saw the cost-
to-income ratio for the Q2 coming down to 47.06 % from 49.34 % in 
the Q1 financial year '25. It was 51.26% in the Q4 financial year '24. 
Basically, like we said, the cost to income ratio will start coming down 
from the 50 % and we are seeing some traction. But this time, the 
impact was more because we could see the loan processing charges 
significantly improving from INR23 crores in the first quarter to INR38 
crores in the second half, which also contributed for the reduction in 
the cost-to-income ratio. 
 
Similarly, interest received from the income tax refund for first half of 
last year was equivalent to INR9 crores, which increased to about 
INR40 crores in Q2 FY 25. So as suggested in the earlier con call, we 
should start seeing the cost-to-income ratio, moderating between 48 to 
50 % going forward and then showing a continuous decline. 
 
Our ROA for the first half is at 1.55 % compared to 1.54 % in the 
corresponding period last. And as stated in the earlier con call, the ROA 
is stable for the past few quarters. And we should be able to see things 
stabilizing and probably inching up going forward. Overall, SMA 2 to the 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
advances currently stands at 2.03 %. As we have been discussing in 
the past we are seeing this number coming down. 
 
So we had achieved a PAT growth of 8 % that is current PAT for the 
H1 stands at INR550 crores against the INR508 crores for H1 FY 24. 
There is some base effect because the year before last, we had a very 
high PAT in the second half, which is getting maintained. But overall, 
you could see a significant increase, from Q1 to Q4 also, and we are 
able to see things stabilizing going forward. 
 
As per the latest LCR guideline, our LCR is calculated as 121 % for 30th 
September 2024. We had taken steps both on liability side and asset 
front like going for some non-callable deposits, converting some foreign 
currency deposits on maturity into liquid securities and things like that. 
 
So to sum up, our efforts have helped us to push our advanced growth 
rate towards the industry growth rate. And as I told earlier, the growth 
so far has come purely from our traditional MSME and gold loans. The 
new retail vertical and all, we are in the process of building that. And 
once they come into the picture, they should be helping us to get some 
more incremental advance growth. 
 
We are confident to restore our credit growth on par with the industry 
level sooner and to go beyond. Our growth has started showing visibility 
on achieving our better NII growth and operating profit growth also. So 
both the NII and operating profit, growth was muted or even we saw 
few quarters of subdued NII and operating profit in the last few 
quarters. 
 
Now we have started seeing the visibility in terms of seeing both NII 
and operating profit to grow so that this will be helping us to have a 
stable profitability as we move forward. We will reach between 1-1.25 
% in net NPA by year-end is our current visibility. And we are exploring 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
the possibilities of improving the coverage ratio as we'll be in a vision 
to better clarity as we move into the second half fully. 
We expect our margins, cost-to-income ratio, NPA slippages to stay 
stable around the numbers communicated to you in the earlier con calls. 
And finally, we are seeing better visibility on growth numbers from our 
conventional areas and new avenues will definitely help us to add extra 
growth numbers, which will be available going forward in the future. So 
basically, this is what I wanted to communicate. 
 
With this, I will probably take a break, and I open to you for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Mona Khetan from Dolat 
Capital. 
Mona Khetan: 
So my first question is around the new retail product initiatives. So how 
many of these products already been introduced? And I mean, from a 
full year perspective, if you could guide what sort of growth we are 
expecting? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See, as told in the earlier calls, the things are being now put. The 
systems have taken in a shape, writing the policies, training the people, 
having the people in place. All these things are now taking a shape. As 
explained in the last quarter, some amount of contribution to the 
business will start coming from the fourth quarter onwards. The 
significant contribution you will start seeing in the next financial year. 
As of now, like as I told, we have started taking expenditure on that 
front, but the business and income is yet to start. So the preparatory 
works are underway. 
Mona Khetan: 
And from a full year for the entire book, what sort of growth could we 
expect for FY '25? 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes. This question was asked again and again, in the last two con call 
also, I refrained from giving a number. Now you have started seeing 
the improved credit growth both in the first half and second half and 
numbers are framing up. And we are taking all our steps to ensure that 
we touch the industrial growth rate and probably, a small growth over 
and above that before the year-end is what we are trying to expect. 
Mona Khetan: 
My second question is on this NBFC book that you have. Recently in the 
last quarter, two quarters, the growth in the book has grown by over 
15% sequentially, the book where you lend to NBFC. Now I understand 
it's a very competitive segment. So what is helping this growth, if you 
could throw some light around it? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See basically, the current level of NBFC as you see, our incremental 
NBFC book between 30 June and 30th of September is about INR315 
crores. Year-on-year growth on that front is about INR500 crores and 
you have some repayment also happening in the portfolio. And we have 
not compromised about yield on that, it is closer to the average 9 to 
9.5 -- the average yield of the portfolio is just under our average yield 
of  9.5 %. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of M.B. Mahesh from Kotak Securities 
Limited. 
M.B. Mahesh: 
So just this -- yield on advances, which improved this quarter, if you 
can just kind of highlight what's happened there? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Basically, we looked into the yield of gold loan portfolio, which we 
tweaked in the 3, 4 months, which works out 20% of our portfolio. And 
also, like as we had been discussing, last year, when the rate of interest 
increasing cycle was happening, we could not transmit a portion of that. 
So keeping that in the mind that we are closely looking into the books, 
which is coming for the renewal and we are able to see some amount 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
of transmission in that also. So that has helped us to see a few basis 
point improvement in the yield. 
M.B. Mahesh: 
And this will continue through the rest of the year? Given that not 
everything would have reached... 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes. Until probably the decreasing interest rate cycle starts, we will be 
in a position to go for this - a review of the rate and take a call in tune 
with our expectation of overall strategic intent particularly on the net 
interest margin. 
M.B. Mahesh: 
Second question on this recovery from written off, about INR95 crores 
has come in the current quarter. sustainability at these levels? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See, by and large, the total recovery numbers will be plus or minus 
INR20 crores, INR25 crores. When we take effort, we don't differentiate 
between which is live and which is technically written off. So these 
efforts for both technical written-off account and the live accounts are 
the same. So if we recover live accounts, it will reduce in provision. If 
the recovery happens in the technically written-off account, it will be in 
the other income. So it is very difficult to exactly predict how it will 
happen. 
M.B. Mahesh: 
In the sense that the environment for recovery still looks to be fairly 
early? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Absolutely. 
M.B. Mahesh: 
And last question, sir. You had indicated that net NPA will come down 
to about 1.2% by the end of the year, is it? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes. For the financial year. 
M.B. Mahesh: 
And if you don't reach that number, you intend to make higher 
provisions. Should we look at it that way? 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
N. Kamakodi: 
See, with the visibility, whatever we are getting in terms of the slippage 
and the recovery we are giving this. You cannot make a clear-cut thing, 
whether like, how it will happen on all such things. We have to wait and 
see how it happens. 
 
If you increase the provision, the net NPA will decrease. This trade-off, 
we have to take a call on an ongoing basis. Based on the current level 
of policies, whatever we had been looking into, based upon the trend 
in recoveries and the visibility in slippages, this is what we are expecting 
at this moment of time. Any change in the expectation, we will 
communicate in the subsequent con calls. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijeet from Axis Mutual Fund. 
Abhijeet: 
Sir, first question is on deposit growth. How do you see a liability 
situation for City Union Bank and the cost of deposits? 
N. Kamakodi: 
We were able to match the deposit growth in tune with the credit 
growth, the current cost, whatever that has been observed, should 
continue for the second half of the year also by and large. 
Abhijeet: 
So what is the LCR as of September end? 
N. Kamakodi: 
121%, which I gave during the call. 
Abhijeet: 
Sir, just one observation. In the sectoral deployment of loans, the loans 
break up. The loans to the retail trade and wholesale trade that 
continues to reduce every quarter, what is the issue here? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See, the trader segment, if they get the MSME certificate, then it gets 
recalibrated as the MSME. I think it depends upon the Udyam 
registration. The explanation is given in the Slide Number 31 at the 
bottom. So if you add both, by and large, there will be the same. Some 
of the traders because of the Udyam classification, they get reclassified. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jai Mundhra from ICICI Securities 
Limited. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Sir, two questions. First is on gold loans, sir. So the last two quarters, 
we have seen a very strong growth in the gold loan book. Earlier, we 
had this commentary that we would like to keep it a little bit calibrated 
because we want to do more of MSME and others. Has anything 
changed in terms of competition, there were a few players which were 
going under a tough period? Is that what has helped you and you also 
mentioned that you have increased the yield on the gold book, so if you 
can share some color there? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes. See, basically, this is one segment. I mean, as I have been saying 
in the two, three con call earlier, you started seeing sudden spurt in the 
unsecured retail consumption loan, particularly for the last 4 to 6 
quarters. As you all know, we are not very gung-ho about the unsecured 
consumption part per se. So this is one segment, there is a requirement 
in the market and which we can't stay away from that. This is point 
number one. 
 
Point number two, when we get into the reducing interest rate cycle, 
you need a portion of your loan book in fixed interest rate on the short 
term, and this exactly fit into that thing. So we did some fine tuning on 
that front, like converting the floating rate of our gold loan into fixed 
rate and also fine-tuning the rates depending upon the requirement. 
And it is helping us not to go to the riskier segment of unsecured retail 
at this point of time. At the same time, going towards achieving the 
targeted growth rate, which we missed last year. At the same time, it 
is giving the stability in the yield also. In all these metrics, it is 
favourable. And so since the demand is also there, we are continuing 
with this segment. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
Jai Mundhra: 
Secondly, sir, if you can share this loan mix by benchmark as to how 
much is MCLR, how much is fixed rate and how much is repo? 
N. Kamakodi: 
50% is the EBLR. About 30%-35% is our MCLR. Remaining is fixed. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Even, sir, gold loan is -- also not the entire 25% of the gold loan is 
fixed, right? 
N. Kamakodi: 
No. Incrementally, when they get renewed and the fresh are getting 
converted. So whatever you entered before taking this call, they will 
come for a review whenever they completed the one year or the due 
date for renewal. 
Jai Mundhra: 
So then as of now, they are floating, right? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes. Since now about 25, 30 % of them, of the gold loan has now got 
converted. So hopefully, since the rate reduction cycle is also getting 
postponed, we may be in a position to see maybe half of portfolio or 
even 50, 60 % of the portfolio getting converted from the floating rate 
to the fixed rate, which will give stability to the yield when the 
decreasing interest rate cycle actually starts. 
Jai Mundhra: 
And secondly, sir, on the launch of the new retail products that we plan 
to ramp up, in the last 6 months there has been a lot of change in the 
macro environment, right, especially in unsecured and maybe lower 
ticket size loans. Is there any rethinking in terms of priority, in terms of 
ramp-up of those products, especially lack on unsecured business loan 
than unsecured PL maybe? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes. Right from the beginning, when we started, we were very clear 
about two things. One, we are not entering into the unsecured in a big 
way. Our entire start in the retail is going to be on the secured retail 
lending portfolio per se. And, let's say, 4 to 5 years down the line, it will 
be about 4 to 5 % of the portfolio, the focus will be mainly on the 
secured lending space. So we are continuing with that. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
 
So to start that business first, you need the technology part that is 
ready. You need the senior management team that is, by and large, 
ready. The preparation of the policies writing down the operating 
manual and all are under progress. Field-level staff recruitment are 
underway. So by the beginning of the fourth quarter, we should be 
having the executive team for that policies. And also the grass root level 
people, everything will be ready by the, beginning of the fourth quarter. 
So some amount of minor initial progress will be seen in the fourth 
quarter, but actual line-up of growth you will be seeing in the next year. 
Jai Mundhra: 
So the commercial launch is now in full quarter, right?  
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes, it's a soft launch. And even the commercial launch will be a slow 
and steady launch only, we will be seeing some amount of minor 
progress in the fourth quarter. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right. And sir, assuming there is not a very meaningful proportion of 
the incremental growth, you are still confident that the traditional 
portfolio will drive growth similar to system level at least, right? That is 
the understanding. 
N. Kamakodi: 
That's what I told you. Whatever growth we have achieved with the 12 
% is from the conventional business mix, whatever we have been 
doing. So to achieve up to the industry level closer to that, I don't think 
we will be facing any challenges. And the secured retail whatever we 
are discussing, it will be taking our growth rate beyond the industry 
level growth rate is what we expect. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right. And sir, on cost to income or maybe in other words, incrementally 
now onwards because, sir, we had a very low base, right, in terms of 
cost to income or operating profit. As you said, the last 3, 4, 5, 6 
quarters, we were continuously running a negative operating profit 
growth. So at least for the next 2, 3 quarters, the base is low. So do 
you think that incrementally the revenue growth NII plus other income 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
should outpace the operating expenses or that is more of the book base 
effect, right, because the operating profit was not growth actually? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See, the first and the foremost thing is the net interest income. And you 
have rightly observed, we are just entering into that segment where we 
see the growth rate in NII and the growth rate in operating profit is 
positive where you get income more than the incremental expenditure. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bunty Chawla from IDBI Bank. 
Bunty Chawla: 
Congratulations on the set of numbers. Sir, as you've previously said, 
because of this digitization and all, we have improved -- we are focusing 
on the improvement of the PAT on the traditional portfolio like MSME. 
So if you can share what is the status now? And how much 
improvement is still behind us in next two quarters. 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes. See, basically, at least 75 to 80 % of the MSME lending less than, 
say, INR7.5 crores, we are able to make between 3 to 4 days which is 
a very big improvement compared to whatever we have been doing in 
the past. So as I told you from 3 weeks reduction to 3 days, which is a 
very big improvement, which we have already seen. 
 
Some amount of productivity gains we expect from this. We will be 
having the cases which are approved by the system green cases, 
rejected by the system red cases and amber where some amount of 
manual intervention is needed. We have currently about not less than 
about 50, 60 % of the cases are coming for the manual decision-making 
with the input from the system level thing. 
 
Number two, some more improvement in the automation of the 
decision-making can happen in the next 6 months or so where we have 
to closely monitor the performance of the portfolio, maybe fine-tune 
your scorecard depending upon the performance and improve more of 
a green than red and amber. It will take maybe not less than 6 months 
or so. And like the acceptability of the system is improving. But lots of 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
opening of the productivity at the branch level is still pending. So the 
future quarters, slowly the productivity from the branches should 
improve is what we expect. 
 
That is the confidence which makes me say that with these existing 
business lines, we should be getting back to the systemic level growth 
rate without looking for the newer opportunities. 
Bunty Chawla: 
Secondly, on the PCR part, in your opening remarks, you said we are 
an outlier. So we are focusing on improvement in the PCR. So any 
specific number we are targeting to achieve by end of FY '25 or FY '26 
in terms of PCR? 
N. Kamakodi: 
On PCR, we are completely on track when you include the technically 
written-off portion. We are getting repeatedly asked your PCR coverage 
ratio is low when we take it purely on the live coverage. As you have 
seen significant reduction in the net NPA %s that will automatically 
improve the coverage ratio also to some extent. I clearly told you that 
I want to have between 1 and 1.25 % on the net NPA ratio. I don't 
have any number or anything with me.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rakesh Kumar from B&K Securities 
Limited. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Sir, one question was related to the restructured book. So the number 
has come down from INR929 crores to INR858 crores in the September 
quarter. So do we have some write-back of provision because of that 
because we were holding around 14% provision on this. So would we 
have any write-back of provisions on this? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See when we finalize the annual accounts in the last quarter, we will 
take a call on the surplus provisions post the completion of that 2-year 
tenure on restructuring or whatever it is, how much write back will be 
there, how much of that will be provided for the NPA itself. So 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
depending upon the regulations and the recovery happens in the 
restructured portfolio, the decision will be taken. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Got it, sir. And sir, ROA target, like this quarter, we have done 1.6% so 
what could be the full year target, sir, for this year? 
N. Kamakodi: 
As we have stabilized 1.5 % plus, we don't have any specific target on 
that number. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aviral Jain from Siguler Guff & 
Company. 
Aviral Jain: 
Sir, if you could just elaborate more on the plans that you have been 
mentioning. First is on other retail products, which are secured in 
nature, such as housing, LAP vehicles. And then there was one more 
line of business regarding co-lending and lending to NBFC. So if you 
could just elaborate in the next 2 to 3 years plan as to how do you 
envisage that business up? I remember you had mentioned that this all 
put together would be 15% of the overall loan book at that time in 
three years' time. So how is the progress on each of these initiatives? 
N. Kamakodi: 
No, no. I don't think we stated about 15 % number and all. It was very 
much less than 10% only, if I correct -- distinctly correct maybe 7, 8 % 
of first half. Basically, like for co-lending and the onward lending -- I 
mean, direct lending to NBFC is continuing, maybe like once we are 
able to see good growth in our conventional thing, we may have to 
slowly fine-tune that depending upon the requirement. So the 
technology, whatever that is needed for the co-lending and all are 
already with us now. So those things like going forward, like how the 
other factors like both secured retail and co-lending and all now Vijay 
Anandh will give you some feedback. 
Vijay Anandh: 
So we will go with secured as planned for Q4 beginning. There is no 
change on LAP, home loans and affordable and micro LAP. The 
technology is ready and we just need feet on street. It should ideally 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
be there in Q3. With respect to co-lending, we have technology, we will 
use it.  
Aviral Jain: 
And this would be -- the own sourced book would be through by cross-
selling to existing customers or within retail, you would go out and look 
for sourcing customers outside the existing customer base of the bank? 
Vijay Anandh: 
We will also have new-to-bank customers. Predominantly, we will use 
our employee sourcing in South, our branch sourcing in South and this 
is our presence. For North and West, we can use third party. 
Aviral Jain: 
This would mean DSAs? 
Vijay Anandh: 
Yes. 
Aviral Jain: 
Okay. And on co-lending, what sort of products would those be? I'm 
assuming this would be something that the bank would not be choosing 
to do in-house? 
Vijay Anandh: 
If at all, we do co-lending, it will be only secured. 
Aviral Jain: 
Okay. But this would be vehicle finance or... 
N. Kamakodi: 
LAP and some sort of HLA is required. 
Aviral Jain: 
Sure. And at a steady state, let's say, if you would start by Q4 FY '25, 
next year, this is the cost base that has been built in for such initiatives, 
what sort of loan book would you be targeting so as to make it in terms 
of profitability neutral for the bank? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes, it would be about 2 to 3 % in the financial year '25, '26. So we 
gave you that we should be having about 7, 8 % in the next 3-, 4-year 
time frame. It could be around 2% -- 2-odd % for these sort of other 
initiatives to support us. 
 
I don't know whether you remember another data which came in the 
earlier con calls, let's say, out of our INR45,000 to INR50,000 crores of 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
whatever loan book we have, our customers have taken about 
INR7,000-odd crores worth of these products from the other financial 
institutions. So the deepening will be the first action in making our 
existing customers to probably get that converted from other 
institutions. 
Aviral Jain: 
Sure. While I understand that large portion could be new to existing 
customers, but cost base to service retail would be high given lower 
ticket sizes. So I'm assuming this would be at a higher interest rate than 
what the current core business is at from a spread perspective, over 
your cost of funds? 
N. Kamakodi: 
So we will be on par with the market. So that's the reason why I 
mentioned this in South, I will not use my third-party sourcing. And 
North and West is going to be third-party sourcing. So my branch 
distribution in South should take care of my retail business, which 
comes with zero cost or very negligible cost. In North and West, we use 
a third party, which would give me the blended average. So from the 
cost perspective, we ensure that we manage it rightly for the retail 
products. Today, we have 550-odd branches in South, which should 
give me a good retail business for the bank sourcing and I don't need 
to use a third-party majorly in South. 
Aviral Jain: 
And what is the fixed cost addition that has been made for this 
initiative? 
N. Kamakodi: 
I think, I explained in the last con call how much we made to BCG and 
how much elbow room it is giving us is what I gave you in a couple of 
quarters back. So you will be having around about INR30 crores, INR35 
crores will be, by and large, the incremental business expenditure, 
which is already the greater part is observed in the overall scheme of 
things. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
 
I even clearly explained that you will have loss in the first year. It will 
break even in the second year and the profitability and accretion to the 
ROA will start coming only from the third year. By and large, we are on 
track in that direction. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
N. Kamakodi: 
Thank you all for taking this con call. As we explained, we are able to 
get into the cycle where we have started seeing both operating profit 
and the NII started taking a positive tenure. Growth has also firmed up 
with double digit in the last couple of quarters. And, this growth has 
come basically from our conventional businesses and without adding 
any business from the retail whatever we explained. 
 
The overall ROA of 1.5 % and all metrics have properly settled. We had 
about INR1,200 NPA addition 2 years back, which got down to 
INR1,000 crores for the financial year '24. And this year, we said we'll 
be having about -- around INR800 crores or less than INR800 crores 
addition. So on all these things whatever we said, we are on track and 
there is a very good amount of improvement in the overall scheme of 
things. 
 
The net NPA has also decreased by about 25 basis points in this quarter. 
And the 5 % growth in deposits and the 5 % growth in the credit has 
also happened in the second quarter. So all these things are giving 
enough confidence that the things are on track, and we should be able 
to have better second half. If you have any more questions, you can 
get in touch with contacts given in the investor presentation. 
 
Once again, thank you all for participating. And let's say, request your 
continued support going forward. Thank you all. Thank you. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of AMBIT Capital Private Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
