 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
Listing Manager, 
 
 
 
 
 
The Secretary, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,  
 
BSE Limited, 
(Through NEAPS) 
 
 
 
 
 
(Through BSE Listing Centre)  
Symbol: EMIL 
 
 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 543626 
Series: EQ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ISIN: INE02YR01019 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Subject: Disclosure of transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the First Half Year and 
Second Quarter ended 30th September 2024 held on 11th November 2024. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call held on 
Monday, 11th November 2024, at 04:00 PM to discuss the Un-audited Financial Results for the 
First Half-Year and Second Quarter ended 30th September 2024. The same is also available on 
the website of the Company at the below-mentioned link: 
 
https://investors.electronicsmartindia.com/earning-call-transcripts-and-investors-presentation 
 
We request that you take this information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
For and on behalf of Electronics Mart India Limited 
 
 
Rajiv Kumar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Date: 13th November 2024 
Place: Hyderabad 
RAJIV 
KUMAR
Digitally signed 
by RAJIV KUMAR 
Date: 2024.11.13 
18:48:36 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“Electronics Mart India Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 11th November 2024 will prevail. 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
 
 
MR. KARAN BAJAJ – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ELECTRONICS MART INDIA LIMITED  
 
MR. PREMCHAND DEVARAKONDA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – ELECTRONICS MART 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Electronics Mart India Limited Q2 and H1 FY 
'25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask question after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need any assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Bajaj, CEO of Electronics Mart India Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Thank you. Good evening and a very warm welcome to everybody present on the call. Along 
with me, I have Mr. Premchand Devarakonda, our Chief Financial Officer. We have uploaded 
our results and investor presentations for the quarter and half yearly-end FY'25 on the stock 
exchange and the company's website. I hope everyone had a chance to go through the same. 
 
In H1 FY '25, our revenue stood at INR 3,361 crores, reflecting a growth of 13% year-on-year. 
Our EBITDA stood at INR 238 crores against INR 227 crores, also growing by 5% year-on-year 
with EBITDA margins at 7.1%. In Q2, heavy rains in South India have impacted demand. But 
we anticipated that the consumer spend will rebound as conditions normalize. Additionally, Q2 
tends to be a softer period for electronic retailers and this year, we faced additional challenges 
as well. 
 
As mentioned, with South Cluster, especially Hyderabad and Vijaywada, our key markets 
experienced heavy rainfalls, causing reduced footfalls and weakened demand. Air conditioner 
sales were impacted by the extended monsoon. However, the category also demonstrated 
resilience as a consistent performer, maintaining steady sales for the first half of the year and 
showing a growth of 46% in Q2 FY '25, a growth of 24% Y-on-Y. 
 
Large appliances contributed to maintain their spot as the largest revenue contributor. For H1 
FY '25, large appliances contributed 46% to the revenue, mobile phones contributed 42% and 
small appliances, IT and other categories contributed 12% collectively. In the first half of FY 
'25, we continue to expand our store footprint. We have opened 18 new stores, our store count 
as of September 2024 stood at a total of 177 stores, out of which 164 stores are the multi-brand 
stores, 13 are exclusive brand outlets. 
 
We are present in 70 cities across 6 states currently. In NCR region, we have reached up to 25 
stores. We remain confident in our full year guidance of adding 25 to 30 new stores. Going 
forward, our strategy would be to further strengthen our presence in Delhi-NCR cluster and the 
existing market at the same time. As we prepare for the upcoming season, we expect consumer 
behaviour to revolve with an increased focus on premium electronics. 
 
Moving towards working capital, we typically see an increase in inventory during the September 
end in preparation for the festive period. As of September '24, our inventory days stood at 62. 
Going forward, our strategy will be to focus on optimizing inventory levels to drive higher cash 
flow conversions, which will further strengthen our balance sheet. Same-store growth for H1 of 
FY '25 came at 6%. And I'm also pleased to report that our North cluster has remained EBITDA 
positive for the 3 consecutive quarters and we expect this improving going ahead, our goal is to 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
steadily improve margins in the North cluster, aligning them with the performance of the South 
cluster. 
 
As India continues to move up the ladder in terms of GDP per capita growth, the increased 
disposable income is fuelling great demands for premium consumer durables and electronics 
such as air conditioners and washing machines, refrigerators. With increased purchasing power, 
more households can afford these products, transition from aspirational purchase in the cities in 
many urban and semi urban areas. 
 
Additionally, a growing middle-class population, coupled with improved access to financing 
options and innovative product offering, is expected to significantly boost sales in these 3 
categories, driving further growth going forward. At EMIL, we strategically partner with top 
brands and offer a wide range of products pursuing us to serve a broader base of customers. As 
India's GDP per capita continues to rise, we have been witnessing increased demand for high-
quality consumer durable with a noticeable shift towards with the top 5 brands in key segments. 
 
Our comprehensive product collection enables us to meet this growth demand. While our focus 
on trusted brand drives customer satisfaction, this powerful combination of strong brand 
partnership and broad product offering position us for significant growth going forward. 
 
With this, I request Mr. Premchand Devarakonda, our CFO, to update you on the financial 
performance. Thank you all. 
Premchand Devarakonda: Good evening, and warm welcome to all the participants. Let me begin with the Q2 FY '25 
financial overview. Our revenues for the quarter stood at INR 1,386 crores as against INR 1,303 
crores in Q2 FY '24 with a growth of 6% year-on-year. EBITDA for Q2 FY '25 stood at INR 84 
crores as against INR97 crores, a degrowth of 13% year-on-year. EBITDA Margin Q2 FY '25 
stood at 6.1% as compared to 7.4% in Q2 FY '24. Pre Ind-AS EBITDA for Q2 stood at INR 54 
crores with a margin of 3.9%. PAT for Q2 FY '25 stood at INR 25 crores as against INR37 
crores, a degrowth of 34% year-on-year. 
 
Moving on to the H1 FY '25, our revenues stood at INR 3,361 crores as against INR 2,987 crores 
in H1 FY '24, a growth of 13% year-on-year. EBITDA for H1 FY '25 stood at INR 238 crores 
as against INR 227 crores, a growth of 5% year-on-year. EBITDA margin for H1 FY '25 stood 
at 7.1% as compared to 7.6% in H1 FY '24. 
Pre Ind-AS EBITDA for H1 FY '25 stood at INR178 crores with a margin of 5.3%. Same-store 
sales growth for H1 FY '25 was 6%. PAT for H1 FY '25 stood at INR97 crores as against INR 
98 crores, a decline of 1%, which is marginal. For H1 FY '25, SSSG sales rate stood at 6%. 
ROCE and ROE on an annualized basis for H1 FY '25 stood at 17.8% and 13.2%, respectively.  
The working capital days as on 30th September '24 stood at 66 days. The gross debt and net 
debtto equity stood at 0.4x and our net debt-to-EBITDA stood at 1.09x. Pre Ind-AS cash flow 
from operations stood at INR 260 crores. In this brief presentation, may I now open the floor for 
questions. Thank you one and all. 
Moderator: 
We have the first question from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Devanshu Bansal: 
First question, Karan, is there has been some growth moderation in Q2 after the very good Q1. 
You alluded to some sort of operating challenges for that. I just wanted to check, has there been 
some postponement of sales into the current festive? So if you could just help us understand how 
has been the trend so far in Q3? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Devanshu, if you see historically also Q2 is always a lower quarter compared to Q1 and Q3, so 
Q3 becoming a festive period quarter where Diwali and Dussehra is there versus no big festival, 
no big product launches during the Q2. So that definitely impacts. And then moderate rainfall 
versus a heavy rainfall, which we experienced this time in lot of geographies that we are present 
in, definitely impacts a lot of footfall. 
So that is, not like the only reason, but one of the key reasons for the lower growth, I would say. 
And definitely, what is happening is, trends over the years, whereas the festive period becomes 
like a go-to market for consumers to come and buy because there was a discount, cash backs and 
offerings by all retailers and companies. 
 
So definitely, as somebody buying a product during the last week of September usually would 
postpone it by a weak or so, because this year, if you see, we started the festival on the 2nd of 
October with first Navaratri on the 3rd October. That kind of postponed buying is always there. 
Q3 has been good, no doubt on that. The festive period was -- there were no struggles in festive 
period. But then how the Q3 pans out during November and December is major importance 
because usually, we would see a little dip in sales post the festive period once all the brands and 
cashback offers would get reduced, starting this week. So then you would see that impact coming 
there as well. 
 
But overall, no complaints. So this was -- there has always been a quarter where -- there is one 
of a quarter where the numbers go down a little bit because of a lot of external factors but as 
expected, Q1 did well as expected. Diwali did well. That is in line with the numbers that you 
would expect, and then you have a lot of costs involved in running operations, especially for 
new stores that get launched during that quarter or new stores that are getting ready. So a lot of 
capex involved, a lot of manpower already onboarded. 
 
All of those things bring down the margins a little bit. But all is under control and in alignment 
of what we had planned for the new store opening expansion seasons, for the Diwali season that 
we had planned because we had to -- from inventory perspective also, we had to buy out a lot of 
stocks in the last week of September, and that was the time when iPhone 16 also got launched. 
 
There were a lot of reasons that we had to increase our inventory. That's why you would see 62 
days of inventory on the books because first week of October itself would be the beginning of 
the season starting from Navaratri. We had to get all the stocks ready and in our warehouses. So 
you would see that cost also going up a little bit, yes. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Understood. Karan, just qualitatively, if you could indicate between Navaratri and Diwali, which 
is a 30-day period, like-to-like this year versus last year, how have been the trends? Any 
qualitative or quantitative numbers that you can throw here? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
Navaratri and Diwali, obviously, will not be able to give you an exact number on that, but the 
flavor has been good, all positive. So there was -- so it has been in line with what we saw 
historically on the 15th of August this year, what we saw during other big festival days. Navaratri 
and Diwali and Dussehra, Dhanteras have all panned out to our expectation. 
So there is no complaints there. In fact, a few regions that you saw being flat, like, for example, 
the Hyderabad cluster being flat during Q2 has also performed really well during Diwali, though 
definitely it is not that high growth from that region, but the base being very high, we still saw 
good growth coming in from that region as well. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Understood. Lastly, Karan, I wanted to check the company has done a good job with no major 
increase in working capital despite 18 new store additions in first half. Typically, in the industry, 
we see peak inventory levels at year-end, right, because of all those air conditioners stocking 
that we have to do to sort of fulfil the season's demand. So I just wanted to check what is your 
expectation on debt level for the company at year-end, right? So we may have to sort of invest 
in the inventory. So any thoughts on that? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Devanshu, just to actually detail out your question a little further. So more than year-end on 31st 
March, definitely, you will see higher -- not higher debt levels, but higher inventory levels 
panning out because of the cooler, AC and refrigerator category being in demand during that 
particular season of summer. But if I give a comparative to our Q3 numbers, then you would see 
a much drastic difference in terms of the number of inventory days and debt levels both panning 
out on 31st of December. 
 
Because it has already been - whatever inventory we get planned out for Diwali has already been 
sold, so we're not carrying a lot of inventory currently with us, except a few categories, which is 
part of the plan that we have, where we have additional offers. 
We usually would end up buying a little more stocks for this quarter as well, where it will support 
us on the margins. So apart from that, everything is in line. And the debt level also would be in 
line. It will not be -- historically, what we would see right now comparatively, it will keep on 
going down, not drastically, but a little bit going forward as well. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Okay. So even after these 12, 13 more additions in H2, you do not see any significant increase 
in debt levels, right? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Prafull Rai from Arjav Partners. 
Prafull Rai: 
I just have one question. We have guided for a 20% kind of revenue growth for the year, and 
that is what the general guidance we have been giving. Do you think you'll be able to meet that 
kind of a guidance given the sales in the festive period? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Hi Prafull, yes, we were looking at a 15% to 18% growth. That is what we've been commenting 
out in the market every time we meet someone. So 15% to 18% is what we comfortably achieve. 
That is not a problem. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Prafull Rai: 
So it should be able to make up for the kind of a low growth in Q2 in the rest half of the year, 
right? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Yes. if you look at the numbers where what guidance we have given out or what numbers you 
would pan out, we are more or less at 50% mark of it anyways. So we don't worry. about how-
what has been behind us versus what is going to come in the future. So, Diwali went well, things 
are under control. 
Now, the only delta that you would see in the higher number would be by the end of Q4, where 
summer sets in early, as early as second or third week of March, and we'll have an additional, 
say, INR100 crores, INR150-odd crores of sales happening during the last 10, 15 days of 
summer. Apart from that, you will not see a major change. There will be a delta of INR100 
crores, INR150 crores, not more than that. 
Prafull Rai: 
And secondly, on the margin side, see, when we started rolling out in NCR region, we saw some 
kind of a margin dip because of expenses involved. But now it looks like we are stabilizing there. 
So did you see some kind of operating leverage playing out for us? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Prafull, just to answer your question, what will happen is, right now, we're at 25 stores. We are 
adding up 6 stores in the next 20, 40 days. So what will happen is because of the denominator 
being lower, additional 7, 8 stores together adding up in the next, say, next couple of months or 
a month or so, it will automatically bring down the margin a little bit. But we are looking at that 
region to stabilize. 
We have to give it a little more time, but we are looking at that region to give us a similar kind 
of margin at least for the existing stores, the 7, 8 stores that we opened 2 years back. So those 
kind of stores will start giving us almost similar number in the next 12 months or so. We're 
looking at that region growing in terms of giving us a leverage on our balance sheet in the next 
12, 14 months, nothing before that. 
Prafull Rai: 
So you will start seeing some kind of inch up happening there in terms of the operating profit? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Absolutely. We're not looking at a loss there right now. That is what is more alarming if that 
would be the case. Right now, we're not looking at anything in the last 3 quarters going forward, 
even this quarter did well. So looking at that number, we are quite confident that we don't need 
to worry about that region and get stabilizes from here on. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Omkar Chitnis from Trade Brains Private Limited. 
Omkar Chitnis: 
Sir, I have a couple of questions. From last 2 years, I'm observing that from Q1 FYI '23, net sales 
per store is reducing. In Q1 FY '23, the net sales per store was INR12 crores at presently INR7.2 
crores. Is there any rectification action we are taking for this? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Yes. So Omkar, actually, you pointed out the right question where I think the right comparison 
would be that what are the additions of stores that we add up on square feet that we add up in 
that particular quarter or the year. Last 2 years, as you said correctly, we've been expanding 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
drastically and we've added new clusters and we added new space at a much higher rate than 
what we've been doing in the previous years or quarters. 
 
That is why you would see that the average ticket size or the revenue per square foot would be 
a little lower compared to our previous quarters. But if you look at the actual number of the sales 
generated from the existing outlets that we are there or the mature stores or the stores getting 
matured, which we opened in the last 12 to 14 months, those two have been doing really well. 
And then we see that number comparative number. But in the presentation and in the public 
market, we would actually have out total store count versus the average per square foot revenue 
or the revenue per store generated. 
 
That is why because the number of store count increases drastically, you would see a drop in the 
productivity per store. But we can give you a complete breakup of historical data as well, 
whereas you can compare it at a much detailed level where you will understand that the clusters 
that we've opened stores, which are matured, or 12 months or 14 months older stores have also 
grown by 18%, 20%. 
Prafull Rai: 
Okay. Understood. Sir, as you mentioned, there are 177 stores as of Q2 FY '25. How many stores 
are profitable as of now, sir? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Sorry, how many stores are in profit? 
Omkar Chitnis: 
Yes. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Omkar ji, looking at 7 stores that we opened last quarter, out of which you can say that these 
stores will take another -- all these 7 stores will be operationally profitable because they are in 
the existing cluster itself. So these stores are all profitable. Only, I would say, one store that we 
estimated for it not to be profitable is one in Hyderabad, one in the mall, which we would 
expecting it to go into red in the next 12, 14 months. So that is why we winded up that store. 
That is the only store that we've shut this financial year till date. 
 
And I would not say that any store is in red, Operational breakeven is required for all the stores, 
but the only thing that if you open a store last month or in the last 45 days, it takes up a little 
time for it to get matured, right? Apart from that, no other store in any region that we operate 
are in the red. 
 
Only how it would -- how we would defer it is that a few stores might make a blended EBITDA 
of, say, store level EBITDA of say 10%, some would be at 11.5%, some would be at 6.5%. So 
that is how the math would work out. But Delhi/NCR region on a whole, if you see, is a newer 
region where the EBITDA margin would be much lower compared to our Southern cluster. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Drashti from Thinqwise. 
Drashti: 
Sir, can you help us understand what is the unit economics of the older stores that we have? And 
how do we think about the profitability of those stores? What would be the growth of those 
stores? What would be the wage inflation and opex growth in those stores? And of the 177 stores 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
that we have, what proportion would be the older stores? And how are we thinking about the 
newer stores? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Let's see how it would work out is that we would look at a square foot average of 10,000 square 
feet in the mature stores. So that is an average square foot that you take as a benchmark. And 
then so these stores would -- for the existing cluster because most of these mature stores would 
be in Hyderabad alone and few of them in the Telangana upcountry market in Andhra Pradesh 
in Vijaywada, Vishakhapatnam and Tirupati. These are the older stores that we opened, say, 5, 
7 years back. 
These kind of stores, which are in a cluster where they've already matured to, say, INR50 crores, 
INR70 crores, INR100 crores. These kind of stores would grow at a much lower pace compared 
to the newer stores that we opened in the last 24 or 36 months. 
 
So the newer stores that we would open recently would pan out to grow at, say, 18%, 20%, 30%, 
depending on the lineage of the store. But the mature stores, especially in the clusters where we 
are cannibalized by opening a newer store nearby, those stores would look at a growth rate of 
1% or 2%, 3%, not more than that until unless there is a new technology change or new addition 
on the floor for new technology products. But these stores are all matured at, say, INR70 crores, 
INR80 crores on an average. 
 
So that way, the EBITDA margin for these particular stores would look at, say, 9%, 10% kind 
of a number. And properties that we own where there is no cost of rental for the mature stores, 
then you look at 1%, 1.5% higher than the rented out stores. That is how the differentiation 
would be. 
 
The newer stores would start panning out in the Southern cluster would start panning out at 5%, 
6% initially for the year 1 and then eventually stabilize at 6%, 7%, 8% going forward in terms 
of store level EBITDA margins. And the growth rate year 1, year 2, year 3 would pan out to say 
50% depending on -- for the year 1, depending on what quarter or what point we open, we were 
too to stabilize at 30%, 35% year 3 then would be at around 20%, 25%. And then from there on 
year 5 onwards, it would be at 7%, 8%, 10% kind of a number because these pockets are in Tier 
3, Tier 4 towns. So you will not see a big cluster of markets and a big growth coming up there 
at the same time. 
 
So it is all organic there, whereas in terms of the mature stores today out of 177 stores, you could 
count around 80 stores being under 24 months and the rest of the stores, especially the MBO 
stores are all matured over 24 months. 
Drashti: 
Is it fair to say that it takes typically 2 years for a store to mature and after that, the growth 
expected in those stores would be just 1%, 2%? 
Karan Bajaj: 
No, no, no. it depends., for example, if we cannibalize the store, for example, if I have a store in 
Hyderabad, which is 10 years old, which does INR100-odd crores, and we cannibalize the store 
because it can't take up more people than INR100 crores in turnover for big days, there's a lot of 
spillage and all your parking issues or a lot of those things. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
 
When we cannibalize or we see that customers can't travel 3 or 4 kilometers or we need to open 
one more store in a similar cluster, then that's when we cannibalize, and once we cannibalize 
that store, then the growth rate is single digit there. But in case there's a market where the growth 
is -- the store is INR70 crores, INR80 crores and still growing at 10%, so that is a different store. 
 
Where we don't cannibalize it, there you'll see higher growth even for the mature store. But for 
the stores which are over INR100 crores and all, we usually would open a new store in the same 
periphery because there is a lot of spillage or there is a lot of leakage during big days, weekends, 
summer, Diwali, Dussehra, Dhanteras. So that is how we would do. Those stores will look at a 
number of 1%, 2% kind of a thing, which are 10-, 15-year-old stores. 
Drashti: 
Understood. Sir, why I'm asking this is because what I've seen is in the value growth that we've 
seen in our stores has not been more than 2%, 3%, which is why I'm trying to understand how 
the mature stores grow because volume growth, I assume, would be hardly anything in those 
mature stores. 
Karan Bajaj: 
If I give you an example for quarter 2, if you've seen an INR100 crores growth on quarter versus 
quarter, that is quarter 2 last year versus quarter 2 this year, out of the INR100 crores, the 
majority of the growth has come in -- see, the mature stores, which are over 3 or 5 years have 
contributed to a flattish number, say, 0.5% or 1% kind of a growth rate. 
But whereas the stores we opened last 24 months have contributed to almost 80% of that growth, 
whereas the 8 stores that we opened up in that quarter have contributed to a total value of almost 
INR15 crores approximately on the INR100 crores host. 
Drashti: 
Understood, sir. Sir, in these matured stores, wage inflation would be 7%, 8%. So is it fair to say 
that these are EBITDA margin declining stores perennially? Or how do you think about that? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Yes. Absolutely. In fact, our industry, if you look at a lot of the major categories that we deal 
with or the brands that we deal with, we don't see a price increase. In fact, price for air 
conditioners have gone down by 2% or 3%, air coolers have gone down, kitchen appliances have 
gone down. Refrigerators, television, washing machine, the average pricing has gone down by 
7%, 8% actually, not increased; the other way around. 
 
Only apart from 1 or 2 brands. In fact, iPhone this year also got launched at a lower price than 
last year. So if you actually see the pricing for iPhone 16 Pro/Pro Max, which got launched in 
the last week of September, the pricing for the high-end models are down by INR10,000 
compared to last year. If you see instead of inflation, there is a deflation of pricing, especially 
for high-end premium products, where like a 75-inch or an 85-inch which is priced at INR2.5 
lakh, INR3 lakh is at affordable at a price of INR1.50 lakh, INR1.75 lakh this year. 
Drashti: 
No, sir, I was asking about the employee cost increase, the wage inflation? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Employee cost, if you see -- that's what if you see this quarter as well, that was a major hit that 
we had to take in our expense, the rental and the expense on manpower, housekeeping and 
security all put together, we would see a higher cost involved there. So that is always -- you 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
would always look at a 5% or a 4% kind of an increase in that cost every year. You can't avoid 
that. 
Drashti: 
Understood. And sir, in your opening remarks, you mentioned that you've seen a noticeable shift 
towards top 5 brands. So what would be the contribution currently? I think it was 65% 
somewhere last year. So what is the contribution of top 5 brands this first half? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Yes. it would be around a similar range, but acceptance of these brands is going up day by day. 
Even in our Tier 3, 4 towns, acceptance of, say, an Apple device or a Samsung television. So the 
customers even in entry level, say, direct-cool refrigerator or semi-automatic washing machine, 
air conditioners. Now people are preferring for bigger brands and better brands across categories. 
Drashti: 
Despite so many newer brands coming in, people are preferring the top 5 brands, is what you're 
trying to say? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Yes. yes. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Viraj Shah from Shah Investors. 
Viraj Shah: 
I just had one question. Sir, within which segment we have seen outperformance in Q2, any 
uptick in washing machine category because of rainy season? 
Karan Bajaj: 
So usually, you would expect that the monsoon would bring us higher sales in dryers and 
washing machine. But this year, it was more or less flattish or a little negative, I would say, down 
by 1%. Even refrigerators and washing machine, both categories were negative this quarter. So 
that was a surprise for us. But then a lot of reasons for that. The whole industry was actually 
down by a higher number in that category. But then especially in Hyderabad, where our base 
was quite high for washing machine as a category, where we saw almost a 1% dip from the 
numbers in last year. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Amish Kanani from Novice Investment Managers. 
Amish Kanani: 
Sir, if you can give us some flavor of the growth, of one, which is a slow growth in the quarter 
and slightly better growth post the quarter in the Diwali season within mobile, large appliances 
versus small appliances; which one was a slow growth area in Q2 and which is the kind of, say, 
area or category which has picked up post Q2 where this Diwali season is looking fine for us. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Amish Ji, not only Q2, but last 6, 8 months, the major -- the usual the growth that we've seen in 
the last 5 years, majority has come in from mobile phone as a category being the highest growth 
category individually, there is some slowdown. Mobile, which was growing at 20%, 25% in the 
last 5 years, now we see a 10%, 12%, 14% kind of a growth only. So that has reduced a little bit. 
But apart from that, large appliances have been a little flat. Television has seen decent growth. 
Laptops have seen a decent growth. Kitchen appliances has seen a decent growth. Other 
categories have seen like audio, specialized audio, all of those things, hot chimneys, those 
categories have seen a decent growth. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
 
But overall, the mobile phone last 5 years, it was a growth, especially after the 4G, 5G rollout, 
that growth we've not seen in the last 6 months. So that is a little slower compared to what our 
estimation on mobile as a category would be. 
Amish Kanani: 
That has kind of picked up post Q2? You're saying there's some sign of growth coming back. 
Karan Bajaj: 
See, nothing. Diwali usually is a mix of all product categories, and it had the majority of the new 
launches during this period as well. Usually, mobile sales are driven with a lot of factors, 
especially new launches, new technology changes or some new features in the phone, like AI is 
the new thing that everybody is talking about now and AI starting at INR30,000, INR40,000 in 
basic phone also has become a good feature for it to sell better. So the adaptation of AI in the 
coming times or some better features coming in will definitely have that improvement in 
purchase of new devices. 
Mobile phone as a category runs on 2 major conditions. One is either a really good feature or a 
new technology change or the upgrade cycle has to get better, whereas upgrade cycle there might 
be a little delay. And especially with the premium phones and the better quality of phones, we 
see the upgrade cycle being a little slower compared to the historic period of 12, 14 months. It 
has increased by a little more higher period this time. 
Amish Kanani: 
Sure, sir. And sir, the second question is about NCR region versus Telangana and AP region. I 
understand there is relatively newer stores and you would expect that to pick up. Any discernible 
trend change in, say, similar 2- to 3-year-old store in NCR versus Telangana and AP region? Or 
is the NCR as a region is as profitable as South region for us? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Right now, firstly, the most important task there was to understand the market and deliver a 
similar store throughput. So we are quite confident that first, we achieve a benchmark of INR25 
crores, INR30 crores in year; 1 in the NCR region. That is what we are looking at right now. 
And the productivity for the first set of few stores that we opened up in the last 24 months or 
last 18 months, which are mature now, those stores are in line with what we would see in the 
Southern cluster. 
 
But Delhi as a whole as a brand being very new there for us, we wanted to give it a little more 
time for it to start delivering us the numbers. It will be too high of expectation from our group 
to understand within the span of, say, 3 years or so, we start delivering a similar number that we 
do in South, whereas the brand is quite new, the customer preferences are a little different there. 
All those things were a learning curve for us in the first 12 months, and we try to fix them and 
try to go from them. We see a positive growth coming in there. So we look at a very small base 
are done, now that growing at 40%, 50%, 60% is still a smaller number for us. We would like 
to create a bigger place in the going time in that region as well and start dominating that market, 
at least with a bigger market share than what it is currently at. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from Rajiv Bharati from Nuvama. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Sir, regarding this North cluster, so for the quarter, we'll be having EBITDA pre Ind-AS loss, 
right? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
Sorry, I didn't get you. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
For the quarter, for Q2, at pre Ind-AS level in the North cluster, there should be a loss, right? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Pre Ind-AS level, exactly right, Rajiv. So there would be a decline in it because when we 
calculate the EBITDA post Ind-AS, the interest, the depreciation or the rental would get marked 
post EBITDA. 
There you would see a little decline there compared to the previous quarter, but like looking at 
this quarter because the productivity also was a little lower compared to the previous quarter of 
Q1 or Q4. So then automatically, you will look at a lower number there. So that is true -- what 
you said is true. But then spanning out for quarter 3, quarter 4, we are in line with our expectation 
of being positive in that region as well. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
When I compare this against, let's say, your South cluster where you mentioned that the SSG is, 
I mean, low single digits. There we have still seen we kind of held ground on the cost of retailing 
bit and the margins are largely stable. So this is -- you're saying it's purely the rental line item 
which is creating that. Above that, everything else is... 
Karan Bajaj: 
Rajiv, what happens is that like, for example, there are almost 7, 8 properties which are not 
operational in Delhi as a region, for which we've already capitalized a lot of expenses. The 
interest has been booked because we bought these properties out and they're quite expensive 
property. So if you calculate all this, the cost is higher than the actual operational cost that we -
- without operations that we are bearing that cost on the balance sheet with the existing 
operational stores. 
 
So the non-operational stores are also very high in numbers versus the operational stores. So like 
in Hyderabad or in AP, Telangana region, when you open 130, 140 stores, even if 3, 4 stores are 
getting made, the cost doesn't impact our margins drastically, whereas in the North cluster, the 
base itself for operational stores is very low versus what is getting under construction today are 
almost 40% of the same base. So then the cost also gets negated towards the operational stores. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Sure. And just because your North -- the South cluster is largely static, this 70 basis point drop 
in gross margin, is can be purely because of the mix of this North or, let's say, in South also, we 
have seen a decline as well? 
Karan Bajaj: 
No Rajiv, I would not attribute it to North-South or a particular category mix. If you see, it was 
a onetime quarter where you would see that kind of a dip in gross GP, whereas the product mix 
more or less was in line what we expected. The mobile usually in this quarter go up a little bit. 
The productivity from other categories were also same. 
 
We do not see majorly, only large appliances like refrigerators and washing machines saw a 
little degrowth there, but apart from that, not major concern where we would try to tweak 
something or be worried about something. I think it was just one-off quarter where the margin 
got declined. Actually, if you see the whole half year also, it is down by 0.3%, 0.4%. So not 
much of a concern area as well. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Rajiv Bharati: 
So the only bit is as and when North clusters proportion increases, the gross margin would not 
dip. Is it safe to assume that? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Not really, because on a INR1,400 crores, there is a contribution from North Cluster would be 
hardly INR80 crores. So if you see in that context, it is a small contribution. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Omkar Chitnis from Trade Brains Private Limited. 
Omkar Chitnis: 
Sir, previously, I got disconnected because of network. My question was how many stores are 
profitable as of now? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Omkar Ji, actually, I didn't know that your call had dropped. Sorry for that. So Omkar Ji, if you 
look at how -- so only the stores that we opened in the last 6 months or so, only those stores will 
be starting off doing operational breakeven, whereas your cost for rentals and all would get 
covered at 4%, 5% EBITDA margin kind of a thing. 
 
But overall, if you see, there are no stores in red, only it is a one store that we expected it to get 
in red in the next 12 months or so, which was in a mall because of the rental escalation going up 
drastically. We have shut that store. Apart from that, no other store of ours is into red where we 
can -- we are burning money to run that store. So we don't run stores in that manner. So all of 
our stores are positive. 
 
Only Delhi as a cluster or North as a cluster definitely is much lower in terms of profitability 
today because a lot of other expenses are getting added to that cluster where the base itself is so 
low. Apart from that, no other store, no other cluster is in red or I would say that no other cluster 
is in a worry of our concern where we have to start shutting stores or looking into the profitability 
of those stores. 
Omkar Chitnis: 
Understood. 
Karan Bajaj: 
The margins would like -- the mature stores in Hyderabad will give you 8%, 9%, 10% kind of 
an EBITDA, for example. The newer stores will start giving you 2%, 3%, 4%. So blended would 
be at 8.5%, 8.1%, 8.2% kind of a number. 
Omkar Chitnis: 
Okay. Okay. Sir, as you plan 25, 30 stores going ahead, so are you planning for any QIP to fund 
those stores? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Sorry, can you repeat your question? 
Omkar Chitnis: 
As you guided for 20 to 30 stores for FY '25 going ahead, so are you planning for any QIP for 
that? 
Karan Bajaj: 
No, nothing of that sort, Omkar ji. Right now, with our internal cash flows and the lines of debt 
available with us, we are quite comfortable for the expansion. There is another INR20-odd crores 
left for our capex money that we had raised during our IPO back in '22. So that also another 
INR20-odd crores is left with us for our further expansion of capex. So money is there. So no 
worries on that. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Omkar Chitnis: 
Okay, sir. My last question is on the Slide 6, I saw that there is 0 sales from online. From last 2 
years, we are not making sales from online. Our competitors are going in online aggressively to 
tap a smaller market. What is our plan for that, sir? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Omkar Ji, historically also, we never were a direct seller for our consumers online as well. We 
never used to sell from our own portal. So what you see online is on the marketplace of Amazon, 
Flipkart. So usually only when a brand that we sell like a Samsung, LG or Sony or Apple, 
whoever it is, is only if they authorize us to sell something online, we sell online. So not that we 
sell online throughout the year or we sell a lot of products. So there are hardly any listings of 
online category, and that is only after the approvals of the bigger brands. So we don't intend to 
go online and sell online until and unless they ask us to do that. 
Omkar Chitnis: 
Okay. What is about tapping the Tier 2, Tier 3 cities, sir? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Sorry, can you repeat your question, Tier 2? 
Omkar Chitnis: 
How are you tapping Tier 2, Tier 3 cities audience? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Yes. So with our stores, so definitely -- if you see our stores, almost 50% are in Tier 2, 3 and 4 
towns as well. So in the cluster where we are growing right now, we would see good growth 
coming in from those clusters, but probably a different category, a little more smaller store size, 
a little more aggressive or differential marketing there because not necessarily that print and 
radio would work in every cluster there as well. So all of those things are taken care of, and we 
see good demand coming in from those areas as well. 
Omkar Chitnis: 
Okay. But as you mentioned, strategy, sir, in the case of exclusive brand outlets, are you going 
for any ownership and operation model type? 
Karan Bajaj: 
No, sir. Exclusive brand outlets will be only for brand like Samsung, LG, Apple. So only after 
they would suggest us to open in any of the regions, we will do that, but that is not a key growth 
strategy for us going forward as well. Probably you might see 1 or 2 stores opening up under the 
EBO format. apart from that, we don't intend to open EBO formats at all. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would like to hand the conference over to management for 
closing comments. 
Karan Bajaj: 
I would like to thank all of you for joining the call. I hope that we were able to answer all your 
questions. And for any other queries, you may get in touch with us or Mr. Deven Dhruva from 
SGA. We'll be happy to address all your queries. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Electronics Mart India Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
