~ 
1--11-{dlll <Ji~~ ~"Iii ~~~'5 
~==== 
~ 
~ 
¢Y--11 
cfil.:tcf>1< 
('BRcl x-lx¢1x cn1 1clxM '3q¢J..J) 
CONCOR ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
Container Corporation of India Ltd. 
A Multi-modal logistics Company 
(A Navratna CPSE of Govt. of India) 
No.CON/ F&CS/IRC/STOCK EX/C.No. 91029/NoteNo.11/ 
~
: 06.11.2024 
1. 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd., Mumbai 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai-400001 
2. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Sandra (E) 
Mumbai-400 051 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
(Through BSE Listing Centre) 
(Through NEAPS) 
~: Disclosure under SEBI (Listing Obligation & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015. 
Pursuant to applicable provisions of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed transcript of Post results conference call held on 30.10.2024. 
For your information and record please. 
CC: ED/P&S for placing on website of CONCOR 
~
' 
cfl"H 3-il{c-fl.!.I ~ 
~ 
~f<Re:5 
c.. 
chl~chl:fl fa:lt~]cf) (fct,), chJ.-4ci~ ~ 
~~fcln~ 
..:, 
~ 
cfi11.l1w.1: ~ 
~, m-3, llTf m, ~ ~-110076 
Regd. Office: CONCOR Bhawan, C-3, Mathura Road, New Delhi-110076 
~ffel.: Oll-41673093, 49512150, 60 
;l'- -.ra / E-mail : co.pro@,concorindia.com 
CIN: L63011DL1988GOI030915 
Visit us al http://\\'"'·concorindia.co.in 
Think Logistics, Think CONCOR 
HARISH 
CHANDRA
Digitally signed by 
HARISH CHANDRA 
Date: 2024.11.06 
15:26:35 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Container Corporation of India Limited Q2 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY SWARUP - CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, CONCOR 
MR. PRIYA RANJAN PARHI - DIRECTOR 
(INTERNATIONAL MARKETING AND OPERATIONS), 
CONCOR 
MR. ANURAG KAPIL - DIRECTOR (FINANCE), 
CONCOR  
MR. MOHAMMAD AZHAR SHAMS - DIRECTOR 
(DOMESTIC DIVISION), CONCOR  
MR. AJIT KUMAR PANDA- DIRECTOR (PROJECTS & 
SERVICES), CONCOR 
MR. HARISH CHANDRA- EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
(FINANCE) & COMPANY SECRETARY AND CFO, 
CONCOR 
MODERATOR: 
MS. BHOOMIKA NAIR - DAM CAPITAL ADVISORS 
LIMITED 

 
Container Corporation of India Limited  
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Container Corporation of India Limited Q2 
FY '25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Limited.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Bhoomika Nair from DAM Capital Advisors Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone, and a warm welcome to the Q2 FY '25 Earnings Call of 
Container Corporation of India.  
 
We have the management today being represented by Mr. Sanjay Swarup, Chairman and 
Managing Director of CONCOR. I will now hand over the floor to him for his opening remarks, 
post which we will open up the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sanjay Swarup: 
Yes, good morning, everybody. On behalf of CONCOR family, I would like to extend the Diwali 
greetings to all of you.  
 
In the conference call, I am joined by Mr. Mohammad Azhar Shams – Director (Domestic), Mr. 
Priya Ranjan Parhi – Director (International Marketing and Operations), Mr. Ajit Kumar Panda 
– Director (Projects and Services), Mr. Anurag Kapil – Director (Finance) and Mr. Harish 
Chandra – ED (Finance) and Company Secretary of CONCOR.  
 
I would like to give you some highlights and after that we can start the question-answer session. 
I am happy to announce the growth in throughput of 6% for the first half of this financial year. 
It includes EXIM growth of 3.5% and domestic growth of 14.5%. EXIM growth is quite in line 
with India's international trade. In exports for the first half, the international trade of India was 
total 213.22 billion USD, which is a growth of 1% over the corresponding period of last financial 
year. Import of our country was 350.66 billion USD, which is a growth of 6% over the last 
financial year.  
 
One more point that I would like to present is that we had increase in EXIM market share for 
this first half. In pan-India basis our EXIM market share grew by 91 basis points. At Mundra 
Port, our EXIM market share grew by 248 basis points and Pipavav Port, our market share grew 
by 285 basis points.  
 
The good thing is that there is growth in market share as well as there is a growth in margins 
also. So, without sacrificing margins, we have grown our market share. Rail freight margin grew 
by 80 basis points year-on-year. Operating margin excluding exceptional items grew by 95 basis 

 
Container Corporation of India Limited  
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
points year-on-year. The primary reasons for this performance is the customer centricity and 
operational excellence of Team CONCOR. 
 
Operating income growth was 6.58%. Growth in profit after tax was 4.08% for the company and 
the double-stack rakes also saw a good growth of 11.5%. In this first half, we had 3,083 double-
stack trains as compared to 2,766 last year.  
 
We have added infrastructure also to give service to our customers. In this first half, we have 
commissioned 2 high-speed rakes, and we hope that in the second half we will be commissioning 
10 more rakes. So, for this financial year, around 12 high-speed rakes will be commissioned by 
us. So, now our total count of rakes stands at 380.  
 
We have procured 5,130 new containers in this first half. So, the total count stands at now 49,516 
containers, which are owned by CONCOR. We are continuously adding more and more 
containers of tank containers, then may be for 40-foot types also we are going now for first time 
for our domestic customers. We had earmarked the CAPEX budget of Rs. 610 crores for this 
financial year. In the first half, we have already achieved Rs. 276.16 crores, and we may be 
looking at the CAPEX budget very soon, whether we want to upgrade it, seeing the infrastructure 
requirements of the company.  
 
International, as you all know, because of the challenging geopolitical scenario, international 
supply chains are adversely affected. This has resulted in erratic vessel schedules. There is 
congestion at transshipment ports, and there is less availability of slots in vessels for exports. 
These are the challenging situations being faced by the economy of our country.  
 
Domestic loading was also affected in the 2nd Quarter, primarily because we had very good 
rainfall in North India and Gujarat, which affected our domestic loading. But I am happy to 
announce that from this month, it has picked up very nicely, and we are getting very good growth 
in domestic in Q3.  
 
Despite all these challenges, the exports increased for some commodities, there was a handsome 
increase. Like for readymade garments, there was 41% growth, paper products 31% growth, 
food items 28% growth. Similarly imports also, in solar modules it was 126% growth, wood 
pulp it was 20% growth.  
 
And I am happy to inform all of you that CONCOR commenced rail services between Kandla 
Port and hinterland ICDs of North India. This is a new port where we have started the rail 
services.  
 
And we have posted ever highest PAT of Rs. 371 crore in Q2. This is the highest for any quarter 
in the history of CONCOR, and this is despite the exceptional items of Rs. 25 crores net of tax, 

 
Container Corporation of India Limited  
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
that one of the Vivad Se Vishwas scheme claim that we settled, as per the directives of 
Government of India.  
 
If we add this 25 crore, then the PAT will further increase. So, as such, 371 crore is a record for 
our company, a record PAT in any quarter. We had the highest operating turnover, highest total 
turnover in any first half year, and highest PAT also in any first half, apart from the highest PAT 
in a quarter also.  
 
And the Board of Directors has declared a dividend of Rs. 3.25 per share, which is 65% of par 
value. So, till now we have declared a dividend of 105% for the first half of this financial year, 
which is around the total outgo of Rs. 322 crores for our shareholders. The focus area of the 
company remains total logistic solution to customers, business solution, including warehousing 
and FMLM, and providing green and sustainable logistics to our customers.  
 
At this point I would like to maintain the guidance that I gave at the start of the financial year, 
that is for EXIM 15%, Domestic 25%, and a total of 18%. Of course, in EXIM, it will be a bit 
challenging, but I am quite confident that we will be able to achieve this.  
 
The new initiative, growth drivers, for achieving this guidance will be 3-4 growth drivers we 
have identified. First will be the bringing JNPT, Nhava Sheva on double-stack, that is through 
Varnama. By November end, I am confident that we will be able to start this service, wherein 
we will give benefit of double-stacking to North India customers for Nhava Sheva traffic. And 
I expect that there will be a diversion of business from road to rail, so this will be a big gain for 
the company.  
 
Second will be the bulk cement and tank containers. I had a meeting recently with CMD of  M/s 
Braithwaite Corporation, which is a sister PSU of CONCOR under Ministry of Railways, and 
he has assured me that by December he will start giving us tank containers, which will be utilized 
for bulk cement movement. We are in touch with leading cement manufacturers. They are quite 
excited about it, and we hope to garner very good business in domestic in the coming months.  
 
Then we have very good demand for rice exports now, and especially at our ICDs at Nagpur, 
Raipur, Sonipat, etc. And we hope that in the coming months, already actually rice exports have 
started. After Diwali the traction is going to pick up. So, we will have very good rice exports in 
the coming months. All these things will add to our top line as well as bottom line.  
 
We are also, we have signed, and we are still signing agreements of volume-based discounts 
with shipping lines, long-term agreements, 3 to 5 years. This will further cement our relationship 
with them and increase our business. So, besides that, we will get business at new terminals that 
we have commissioned, and we will have more focus on DPD (Direct Port Delivery) 
movements.  

 
Container Corporation of India Limited  
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
So, all these five, six-growth drivers will further enhance our business, and we are quite 
confident that we will end up achieving the guidance that I gave at the start of the financial year. 
This is all the opening statement from my side. Now you can start with questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI. Please go ahead.  
Amit Dixit: 
Congratulations for a great performance in spite of all odds. I have a couple of questions, sir. 
The first one is on the LLF. So, while we saw some kind of reversal of around 40 crores in this 
quarter, I just wanted to understand the broad contours of it that how do we see this LLF panning 
out for rest of the year and what kind of LLF provisions we should take in our own models. And 
secondly, why is this 40 crores provision write back? What exactly is happening over there?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
Thank you, Amit. As far as LLF is concerned, this 40 crores provision we had made at the ICD 
Whitefield, but now that the land rates are settled with railways, we have set off in this quarter. 
So, LLF is settled with the Indian railways. Now there is no further issue, and we are constantly, 
as I mentioned in my earlier conference call also, we are constantly evaluating our terminals that 
wherever we come up with new logistic parks, we surrender the railway terminals so as to have 
a saving on LLF without sacrificing our business. So, the same policy will continue. As far as 
the payment of LLF is concerned, it is more or less settled with Railways. So, we need not worry 
on that front.  
Amit Dixit: 
Any guidance you would like to provide for FY '25, sir, on LLF?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
That will be in the range of 350-400 crores, not more than that.  
Amit Dixit: 
The second question is on domestic business. So, EXIM, while it has performed pretty well, 
domestic also what I see that it has bounced off compared to last quarter. But if I compare on Y-
o-Y basis, while our revenue has gone up, EBIT has fallen. So, I just wanted to understand 
whether it is due to the rail to the road competition from road guys or whether it is due to more 
empty running or just wanted to get a little bit more clarity on this. 
Sanjay Swarup: 
Domestic business has performed quite well. Of course, not as expected. But if you see year-on-
year for first half, there is a growth of 14.5% in handling in domestic and 22% growth in 
originating TUEs in number of containers. Of course, it could have been better, but because of, 
as I mentioned in my opening address, a very good rainfall that we had this year in North India 
as well as Gujarat. Because Gujarat and North India are the major originating points for domestic 
loading. So, there was disruption because of rains, and we could not get that much loading. But 
from this month, October, we are getting very good loading in domestic, and we are quite 
satisfied with it. So, you will see in subsequent weeks, the domestic will be doing extremely 
well. 

 
Container Corporation of India Limited  
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
Amit Dixit: 
Sir, the more specific question was essentially that revenue has remained flat Y-o-Y, while EBIT 
has fallen. So, I just wanted to understand whether there was some one-off cost item or 
something that was in this quarter that would not recur.  
Sanjay Swarup: 
I request my Director (Domestic) to throw more light on this.  
Mohammad Azhar Shams: Azhar Shams this side. I agree in this respect whatever you have been underlining, my take is 
that for the last 3 to 4 months or you may start, say, that from the start of this financial, we have 
been losing a bit of market share in the domestic because the competitors and the CTOs have 
been really very aggressive, and I have been giving very, very aggressive rate, and we were 
losing the business. In order to arrest that trend, we took a conscious call, let us first regain the 
volume, even at the cost of some reduction in revenue and profitability and subsequently we will 
see what to do.  
 
So, now, I think that result we have started getting from this month only, and we have tweaked 
our rates positively also in some streams. So, I think whatever negative trend, you see that our 
volume has increased, our revenue has been flat, but from this month and whatever corrective 
action we took, now the customers are with us, and they are ready to accept a bit of rate increase 
because of our services. So, I think the positive result in revenue, you will see from 3rd Quarter 
onward, and October is certainly showing very good green shoots on that.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhoomika Nair from DAM Capital Advisors. Please go 
ahead.  
Bhoomika Nair: 
First, can you please share the originating volume for this quarter?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
Yes, I will tell you. Originating volume of this quarter is, EXIM, it is 5,57,576, Domestic, 
1,33,255 TEUs, total is 6,90,831 TEUs.  
Bhoomika Nair: 
So, sir, how are you seeing the trajectory now in October, there was this whole Red Sea and 
shipping disruption, etc., which had led to heavy volumes kind of moving away from rail? How 
is that now kind of panning out in the month of October or of late?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
See, October month, as I told you, we have got very good traction in domestic. Domestic, we 
are seeing very good loading across the country. As far as EXIM is concerned, imports are a bit 
muted. Growth is there but not that much. But from the last one week to 10 days, we are seeing 
good demand of rice exports. And we have got firm indications, we are in touch with trade, that 
after Diwali, rice exports is coming in a big way. And imports are also going to increase.  
 
Because of the Red Sea disruption, there was, as I told you initially, erratic vessel schedules, 
vessel schedules are erratic. They cannot be very, very predictable. So, because of that, it was a 

 
Container Corporation of India Limited  
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
temporary, you can say, dip in the month of October for the first 15-20 days. But now it is going 
to pick up.  
Bhoomika Nair: 
Sir, can we also get the empty running charges for EXIM domestic and also the lead distances 
for this quarter?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
I have for half year. For EXIM, it is 63.47 crores. Domestic, it is 140.89 crores. Total is 204.36 
crores.  
Bhoomika Nair: 
And the lead distances, sir?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
Lead distances for EXIM, for domestic, it is 1,318 kilometers. EXIM, it is 705 kilometers. Total 
is 803 kilometers.  
Bhoomika Nair: 
Sir, I am sorry, just to circle back on this volume aspect, I know you have guided for 15% in 
EXIM, but if you look at the first half, it is about sub 4% kind of a growth. So, it will mean that 
in the second half, we will have to see that trajectory moving to 20%-25%. That is the kind of 
momentum that we are seeing as of now?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
Yes, as of now, frankly speaking, that momentum we are visualizing because there is a very 
good projection given by trade. And we are, of course, I find it challenging as I told my TV 
interviews also in the morning. Of course, we find it challenging, but we are quite confident 
based on the various sectors like rice exports and double-stacking to JNPT. So, these things are 
very, very crucial for trade and they are well publicized. Trade is very much aware, and so we 
are quite confident that we will be able to get this target. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Alok Deora from Motilal. Please go ahead.  
Alok Deora: 
Sir, just wanted to understand this LLF, there is this 40 crore reversal and you mentioned about 
350 crore sort of a guidance for this year. So, we are expecting some further reversals also in 
coming quarters because the quarterly run rate I believe was around 100 crore per quarter.  
Sanjay Swarup: 
I told 350 crore to 400 crore. It will be nearly 400 crore only.  
Alok Deora: 
Near 400 crore, got it. And then for next year it will be around 7% higher kind of number.  
Sanjay Swarup: 
Yes, you are well aware. The formula is that every year it should increase by 7%, but at the same 
time, as I mentioned initially, we are constantly evaluating that wherever we set up new logistic 
parks and that logistic park is able to serve the hinterland for a particular terminal, then we move 
our business to logistic park and close the terminal, surrender it to railways. So, that exercise 
will continue. Maybe next year we are able to commission some logistic park and surrender 
some land. So, then it will have a saving of LLF.  

 
Container Corporation of India Limited  
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Alok Deora: 
And sir, on this guidance point again, I mean, you have maintained the guidance, but it's pretty 
challenging environment as the industry's indicators are pointing out to be. So, in that scenario, 
such a kind of growth in the second half as you yourself mentioned is challenging. So, what is 
the bare minimum growth you could actually achieve if things did not pan out the way we are 
expecting, bare minimum growth in the EXIM side?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
See, normally from 1st October we say that busy season has started in railways language. Busy 
season has already started. Busy season means more business. So, I am quite optimistic that we 
will be able to achieve the guidance that I gave in the start of the financial year, and there are 
various pointers, and there are various pointers that I am getting by interaction with trade. So, 
that is why I am feeling very confident to achieve this guidance. So, I would like to adhere to it, 
and I am quite confident that we will be able to achieve this guidance. I would not like to 
speculate on any other number.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Disha Giria from Ashika. Please go ahead.  
Disha Giria: 
So, while you are maintaining the guidance level, could you help us quantify what are the 
initiatives that you think would be contributing to this growth? I mean, the growth number is 
exorbitant, like the other participants has also mentioned, but could you help us quantify some 
numbers for it?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
See, I already told the growth drivers, 5-6 growth drivers in my opening remarks. Now which 
growth driver will give me how much number? That I am not able to tell you right now. Maybe 
separately one-to-one basis we can discuss, and I can tell you.  
Disha Giria: 
Sir, my second question is regarding this Vivad Se Vishwas, the contractual expense that we had 
this quarter. So, could you just explain what was this for?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
Actually, this was a dispute between contractor and CONCOR in which the Vivad Se Vishwas 
scheme is given by Government of India that if arbitration award goes against the company, then 
this is a medium through which some 65% of that award we can offer to the opposite party and 
if they agree, if they accept it, then we settle it and all the future court cases are avoided. There 
is no court case after that by the party.  
 
So, it was some such dispute in some contract in which the arbitration award went against the 
company. And we, this contractor went for Vivad Se Vishwas Scheme, and we also worked out 
how much money is payable. And then 65% of that we offered as per the scheme to the 
contractor, and he accepted it. So, we had to settle it, and we made the payment, and net of tax 
it was rupees 25 crores, which hit we had to take in this quarter.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Priyankar Biswas from BNP. Please go ahead.  

 
Container Corporation of India Limited  
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Priyankar Biswas: 
So, this is Priyankar Biswas from BNP. So, my first question is, so what I understand now is 
that the Western DFC connection to JNPT is not happening before December 2025. So, earlier 
it was March 2025. So, in such a case, how would we be able to secure a, let's say, after double-
digit growth in EXIM volumes in FY '25, again, let's say, a double-digit growth in FY '26? 
Because what we are witnessing is a very steady erosion in real model share in JNPT. So, if you 
can address this point.  
Sanjay Swarup: 
Yes, it's a good question. You rightly mentioned that the Western DFC connection to JNPT will 
be in December 2025 as per the indications given by DFC officials. But we are going to give 
benefit of double stacking to our customers for JNPT. We have set up a terminal at a place called 
Varnama near Baroda, which is 400 kilometers from JNPT. So, for North India customers, we 
will be running double-stack train up to Varnama because it's a unique terminal which is 
connected to Indian Railways and as well as DFC. DFC connectivity is under progress.  
 
Last week I have visited Varnama. I have inspected the site, and work is going on in full swing. 
Of course, it was affected because of the rains. But now work is going on at full speed, and we 
are confident that before the end of November, the work will be commissioned, and this terminal 
will be connected to DFC. So, it will be having a connection to DFC as well as Railways.  
 
So, we will run double-stack train from Dadri and Kathuwas up to Varnama double-stack train 
on DFC. And from Varnama, we will break it into two single-stack trains. And they will go on 
Indian Railways route up to JNPT for the last 400 kilometers. And the reverse will happen for 
imports.  
 
So, in this manner, we will be able to have some predictability for our customers, predictable 
time at JNPT. And secondly, we will pass on some cost benefits for the container which are 
moving on upper deck. So, we are confident that we will be able to shift a lot of cargo from road 
to rail as a result of this exercise. So, that is one of the growth drivers that I mentioned in my 
opening remarks. And we are quite confident to achieve this.  
Priyankar Biswas: 
Sir, just harping again on this. Any particular reason why in JNPT the rail coefficient is falling? 
And why and what is the coefficient right now? Because we have been seeing this trend for some 
time now. What may be the reason for it?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
See, JNPT rail coefficient at present is around 16% in which CONCOR’S share is 58% for the 
first half of this financial year. The main reason is that lot of cargo has, for North India, lot of 
cargo has shifted to Mundra Port, which is giving a benefit of double-stacks. And secondly 
distance to North India is also less from Mundra port to North India. And JNPT is now serving 
the hinterland around JNPT for which the road becomes faster and economical. And JNPT is 
also serving the area of Nagpur, Hyderabad, and even we have started for Bangalore also. One 
moment we are doing for Visakhapatnam also from JNPT. So, all these places JNPT is serving 
by rails, but primarily it is serving short distance traffic, which is more viable by a road. So, that 

 
Container Corporation of India Limited  
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
is the most probable reason of decline in rail coefficient. But with the commissioning of DFC, 
we hope that rail coefficient at JNPT will rise.  
Priyankar Biswas: 
That's very clear, and just one question I am just squeezing in. So, I think in 2Q, the railway does 
not levy a busy season surcharge, but from 3Q onwards they again start doing it. I think it's 10%. 
So, would that be impacting our margins on a sequential basis at least on EXIM, if you can take 
that?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
The railway is levying busy season surcharge throughout the year now. So, they have not done 
any relaxation for Q2. But there is no cause of worry because whatever tariff increase that we 
had from November of last year that we are continuing. We have not revised our rates. So, there 
will not be any effect on margins.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mukesh Saraf from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead.  
Mukesh Saraf: 
The question is around EXIM growth. So, if I look at your origination values, they have grown 
around 3% this quarter. When I look at, say, the port volume growth at some of the major ports, 
obviously JNPT has grown at 15%, Mumbai at 12% in the 2nd Quarter. So, just trying to 
understand this gap is widening between our origination growth and the port volume growth. 
JNPT obviously you had mentioned that rail coefficients have been falling. But in Mundra, what 
we understand is rail coefficients have been going up as well. So, could you kind of throw some 
light on the gap between the growth numbers for us and at the port level, especially in Mundra 
kind of ports?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
As a matter of fact, at Mundra port, the rail coefficient has come down, but our market share has 
increased. I will give you the numbers. For the first half of financial year, in Mundra port, last 
year rail coefficient was 25.79%. It has become now 23.82%. So, there is a downward trend as 
far as rail coefficient is concerned. But our market share was 36.35%, which has now become 
38.83%. Like I told in the opening remarks that our market share has grown by 248 basis points 
at Mundra port.  
 
As far as Pipavav Port is concerned, there is a drastic fall in rail coefficient. Last year it was 
64.55%. And this year the rail coefficient is 57.42%, whereas our market share has increased 
from 45.04% to 47.89%, which is a growth of 285 basis points. And all this we have achieved 
without sacrificing our margins. That is the beauty of it. So, our margins are intact. Margins 
have, in fact, increased. And we have increased our market share as well as increased our 
margins. So, that is a testimony of the relationship, excellent relationship that we have with our 
customers and the operational excellence shown by our team CONCOR.  
Mukesh Saraf: 
If you could also give the same numbers for some of the other major ports like Chennai?  

 
Container Corporation of India Limited  
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Sanjay Swarup: 
I don't have numbers for other ports, but I have for JNPT, Mundra and Pipavav, which I have 
already shared.  
Mukesh Saraf: 
And the second question is, I think you had mentioned in the opening remarks and in the last 
quarter as well, that you are getting into these long-term contracts with shipping lines, maybe 
three-to-five-year kind of contracts. While we don't want the details in terms of the commercials, 
could you throw some light on pricing, etc? How these would work? Because these are volume-
based contracts and would you have to kind of bid at attractive prices to get those higher 
volumes? How does this work usually?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
Yes, it's a very good question. Actually, what we are doing is, we are having long-term 
relationship with shipping lines and big shipping lines, we are, big as well as small, it is for all. 
Actually, as you may be knowing since last one or two years, the focus of the company is on 
providing total logistics solution to our customers. This is one of the focus area of the company. 
So, we have 4 million square feet of warehousing spaces at our 66 terminals across the country. 
We are building more warehouses.  
 
Apart from that, we have become quite strong in FMLM also, first mile last mile. We are having 
130 LNG trucks for FMLM and 200 more we are procuring.  
 
One more news I wanted to share with all of you. The first LNG pump in North India of our 
country is going to be commissioned this month only, sorry, next month in November, mid 
November at our MMLP Kathuwas. So, because in North India we are constrained, we cannot 
deploy LNG trucks because there is no LNG pump, fuel pump. So, that is being commissioned 
by IOC in our terminal at Kathuwas.  
 
So, we have had a series of meetings with shipping lines at Mumbai as well as through VC, and 
we offered our warehouses. We offered our first mile last mile, and we offer volume-based 
incentives. So, all these things we gave them as a package that you use our services and in turn 
it will be a win-win situation for shipping lines as well as for CONCOR. So, all these things, 
they are part of this agreement that we are having with shipping lines.  
 
I visited the headquarter of Maersk, which is the second biggest shipping line in Copenhagen, 
Denmark, and they were quite excited when I told them about the green logistics, ESG norms 
being followed by our company and total business solutions. So, they have had internal 
discussions and all of them are coming forward to sign these agreements with us which are a 
comprehensive agreement. So, ultimately, we are going for giving total service to our customers, 
and in the process, we will increase our margins also.  
Mukesh Saraf: 
So, we should expect these value-added services to go up vis-a-vis previous contracts to these 
new contracts that you are getting.  

 
Container Corporation of India Limited  
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Sanjay Swarup: 
Yes, that's right. We should expect more value-added services, correct.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Mongia from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead.  
Aditya Mongia: 
I will go ahead with my questions. First is actually more of a clarification. This 40 crore 
provision that you have kind of reversed and that links to Whitefield, does it have any impact in 
the manner that your incremental land license fees will be calculated? Completely different and 
not to be linked up to future land license fee numbers?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
No, no, it will not be linked up to the future. This is a provision we made expecting that this will 
be the LLF rate once we settle it with Indian Railways. Then whatever provision, if it is extra, 
then that has to be written back. That is what we have done. So, future, I don't think it will have 
any impact.  
Aditya Mongia: 
Now if I then assume this to be a one-off, it seems that your margins are much lesser than 25% 
at an EBITDA level. I just wanted to understand when you kind of gave this guidance on the 
interview, was this including other income that you were saying 25% or if it was not, if it was 
an EBITDA margin level before other income, then how do you bridge the gap from here on? 
Because today the margins are more like 23ish or so, if I take away this benefit.  
Sanjay Swarup: 
As far as our, if you see the operating margin, operating margin is also quite high. It is a healthy 
operating margin. We have a 33.65% operating margin in this first half of financial year. Rail 
freight margin was around 28%. And one more thing is the exceptional item, Vivad Se Vishwas. 
That is 25 crore net of tax. So, if we take all these things into consideration, I am quite confident 
that 25% EBITDA levels can be maintained by the company.  
Aditya Mongia: 
Yes, but this is including other income, just clarifying when you gave this number out, or 
excluding other income?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
Of course, it includes other income also.  
Aditya Mongia: 
So, that clarifies. As in just moving on to the other questions, I wanted to get a sense from you 
that this model share coefficient issue is impacting assets that already have a DFC there. So, it 
is actually impacting somewhat JNPT, but a lot more Mundra and Pipavav. Should this be 
something that one should be worrying about? Will it reverse around? What are the drivers of 
it? Because DFC should be supportive, right, over here. We are just trying to get a sense of why 
would this be happening and how to think for the future.  
Sanjay Swarup: 
I am not able to understand your question. Can you please reframe it?  

 
Container Corporation of India Limited  
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Aditya Mongia: 
Typically, in Mundra and Pipavav, the modal coefficient should have gone up over time because 
the DFC has been connected for some time while it is going down. Could you give us a sense of 
what is happening leading to this situation?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
So, now the Pipavav Port is mostly serving the hinterland, near Pipavav, so road becomes very 
competitive. Rail is not competitive for that short distance movement. For Mundra also, there is 
a lot of short distance movement, and apart from that, there is movement for this CFSs around 
Mundra. There are around 35 to 40 CFSs near Mundra port, where many shipping lines prefer 
that they de-stuff their containers and take the cargo by road, if they have urgency of containers 
near the ports. So, all these factors also affect the rail coefficient.  
 
But of course, our endeavor is that maximum container should come to the hinterland for which 
we are creating so much assets. We continue talking to the trade and convincing them and many 
times it happens also that they shift their pattern from CFS to the hinterland ICDs. But lot of 
decision making is done by shipping lines.  
Aditya Mongia: 
Just a couple of questions more from my side. First of all, your other income or your interest 
income, if I see the cash flows statement, has meaningfully gone up from 1Q to 2Q. Could you 
give us a sense of what is driving this and will this number again fall or be sustained at 2Q 
levels?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
I will request my ED (Finance), Mr. Harish Chandra. He will take this question please.  
Harish Chandra: 
You have rightly said, the other income, we have the income from interest, the dividend which 
we get from our subsidiaries, so these kind of income and the rental income, so this varies 
because the dividend received from the subsidiaries and joint ventures, it depends the receipt of 
the dividend. And then secondly, we have also received one refund from Income Tax 
Department. There was also some interest element in that. So, that is the reason that the increase 
in the other income is reflected. In last year, it was 102 crores, and this is 130 crores in this 
quarter. So, that is the reason. Mainly receipt of dividend as well as interest on the refund, income 
tax refund.  
Aditya Mongia: 
Maybe a last question from my side. I think we now better understand JNPT because you are 
saying that you will do double stacking and give more predictability and pass on some savings 
to the customer. Could you give us a sense of how much the customer would be better off now 
when he makes a decision of choosing road and rail and what kind of savings would you be 
passing on to the customer once you have the Varnama terminal ready?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
See, actually I cannot disclose that at the moment, but I can give you some idea about it. First 
thing is that when the container goes on upper deck, railway charges 50% of rail haulage. So, 
that will be one of the savings that we will be having for 40 feet containers carrying lightweight 
cargo.  

 
Container Corporation of India Limited  
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
So, just to give you an idea, when from Dadri to Mundra port we were running double-stack, 
when we started double-stack trains, we tweaked our tariff by 8% to 10% for this lightweight 
cargo and we had extra 12% to 15% traffic. So, maybe Nhava Sheva may be around that number 
only, but right now the exact numbers, it is not possible to give it to you.  
Aditya Mongia: 
And is there any other terminal alongside Varnama which may also come up from a competitor 
perspective? Let's say, Viramgam for that matter, is that a similar offering of double-stacking 
that is happening till Viramgam and then one goes to JNPT? Or are you the only one benefiting 
or going to benefit from this?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
Viramgam is actually not on that route. Viramgam is a different, it will be taking off towards, it 
will be from Ahmedabad towards Mundra port. So, if you bring the train from North India to 
Nhava Sheva, Viramgam will not come in between. Viramgam will be a different route. From 
Ahmedabad to Mundra, in between you will get Viramgam. So, as of now, near Varnama, there 
is no such terminal which has connectivity to DFC as well as Indian Railways.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Srinidhi Karlikar from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Srinidhi Karlikar: 
Sir, just one clarification. Sir, did you say there was a busy season surcharge even during quarter 
2?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
Yes, please.  
Srinidhi Karlikar: 
So, in that context, sir, what has driven the sequential improvement in the rail freight margin? 
Because if I look at the rail freight cost as a percentage of revenue, there has been a sharp 
sequential improvement. May I ask what has really driven this?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
This is due to the operational excellence of team CONCOR. As I told you, there is a growth in 
double-stacking. There is 11.5% growth in double-stack in the first half of this financial year. 
This first half, we have handled 3083 double-stack trains as compared to 2766 double-stack 
trains last year. So, this has contributed in a big way for reducing the empty running which has 
positively affected the rail freight margin.  
 
And secondly, the domestic also, we are getting a lot of loaded movement. Now empty 
movement has come down. In domestic, if you see, there is a 1.5% reduction in empty running 
which is a remarkable performance as compared to 143 crores last financial year. We have 
incurred empty running cost of 140.8 crores. So, there is a reduction of 1.5%. So, all these factors 
have positively impacted the rail freight margin, and it has improved by 80 basis points year-on-
year. From 27.06%, it has gone to 27.85%.  

 
Container Corporation of India Limited  
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Srinidhi Karlikar: 
Sir, a lot of the factors that drove this improvement seem to be company specific. So, do you 
think this very healthy rail freight margin adjusted for the mixed changes you would be able to 
retain in the second half as well?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
Yes, of course, we will be able to retain it, and I think we will be able to improve upon it because 
we are bringing JNPT also on double-stack now, plus domestic we are seeing very good traction. 
So, all these things will positively contribute, and the rail freight margin will further improve.  
Srinidhi Karlikar: 
And sir, last one. I think the Director (Domestic) did highlight some changes like increases in 
domestic business prices. Have you taken any price hikes in the EXIM segment as well in recent 
months in some nodes?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
No, EXIM we have not undertaken any price hikes because railways also not revised the prices, 
and domestic also we keep on changing. As such we have not done any, not across the board 
increase and we keep on revisiting because domestic is a dynamic pricing kind of thing. Road, 
it is a direct competition with roads. So, we keep on revisiting wherever we have to bring it 
down, wherever we have to increase. So, that is a continuous exercise by domestic division. 
Srinidhi Karlikar: 
And sir, last one. How has been the first mile-last mile penetration now and where do you think 
it going up by next year?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
In this financial year FY '25, we are targeting 50% of our business that we are giving should be 
on first mile, last mile. So, at present on pan-India basis around 27% to 30% we are able to 
achieve in the first half of this financial year, and we are continuously working to improve it and 
achieve the target of 50%, and next financial year we will set up a target of 80% of our volume 
should be first mile, last mile we will be able to give. And we are getting a very good margin 
also on this stream. For the first half of the financial year, we have got 35% increase in first mile, 
last mile as far as revenue terms is concerned.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Bhinde from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.  
Amit Bhinde: 
I wanted to understand that there was an announcement made in September that there would be 
some discounts provided on the storage charges, etc., to boost the EXIM trade. So, what would 
be the cost impact for us on the EXIM margins or increase in cost in other words?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
Now I want to clarify, there is no concession on storage charges. It was in the media also. The 
thing is that we are already giving 90 days free storage for empty containers. For empty 
containers, we are giving 90, in EXIM I am talking, in empty containers we are giving 90 days 
free storage at all our terminals. And for loaded containers, we are giving free storage of 15 days. 
So, that is there for last one year. We have not changed it. There is no reduction or there is no 
upward movement is there.  

 
Container Corporation of India Limited  
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
The thing that we revised was the empty handling charges at our terminal at Dronagiri. At 
Dronagiri, empty handling charges were in the range of 6,000 for 20 feet and 9,000 for 40 feet. 
So, that we have brought down. The reason was that at present, we have very miniscule empty 
inventory at our terminal at Dronagiri. So, we are intending that with this reduction in empty 
handling charges at Dronagiri, at only Dronagiri, we have brought it down. So, we will get lot 
of business. A lot of empty containers will come.  
 
So, at present, suppose we are having an earnings of 0. So, at least we will get some earning. So, 
keeping that perspective in mind, we have revised the empty-handling charges, and there have 
been enquiries from shipping lines, and very soon they will be storing their empty containers at 
our terminal. So, that will be like extra earning for the company. It will not be a loss at all. And 
as per as empty storage time, I again want to clarify, it is still 90 days free time at all CONCOR 
terminals. This is there for last one year. There is no reduction in that.  
Amit Bhinde: 
And how about the 50% reduction in the charge beyond 90 days? Was there already there? Or 
now that would come? Or beyond 90 days? 
Sanjay Swarup: 
No, beyond 90 days, there is a uniform tariff. Then there is no reduction in charge.  
Amit Bhinde: 
So, I think the news suggested that there would be 50% reduction.  
Sanjay Swarup: 
Actually, yes, that is in media what was being shown was not in the correct perspective. So, it is 
good that you have asked this question. So, I hope it clarifies. If anybody has any doubt, they 
can ask more questions. I am ready to clarify.  
Amit Bhinde: 
Sir, the second question that I have is your guidance as you were mentioning earlier. You 
mentioned that now the trends would be such that handling and originating would be growing 
in line itself. And there wouldn't be disparity. So, the guidance holds on both. But here we see 
that your domestic has grown at around 15% in handling and at around 22% in originating. So, 
now your guidance for full year, are you giving it on the originating basis or handling basis? 
Sanjay Swarup: 
Handling.  
Amit Bhinde: 
Handling basis, okay.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Koundinya from Jefferies. Please go ahead.  
Koundinya: 
Sir, my first question is a bit on the macro side. Can you help me understand what is the thought 
process in extending this busy season surcharge? Because we clearly see that rail coefficient has 
been falling off across the ports. That’s the first one. And the second one, can you help us 
understand what is driving this market share improvement for CONCOR? What are the key 
reasons, if you can elaborate, please?  

 
Container Corporation of India Limited  
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Sanjay Swarup: 
See, for the first question, I am not the best person to answer this question, because this was 
done by the Ministry of Railways. But to be fair to them, for the last 8 years, they have not 
increased the rail haulage charges. So, 10% increase, I don't think it was very much unjustified, 
I should say. But of course, the quantum was very high, that immediately it stopped the trade. 
That is my reply on the first question.  
 
As far as the second question is concerned, this increase in market share is due to the customer 
centricity policy that we have been following for the last one, one-and-a-half years. Plus the 
operational innovations, operational excellence that has been done by my team, operational team 
at CONCOR. These are the two reasons, primary reasons for increase in market share with 
corresponding increase in margin. There is no drop in margin also.  
Koundinya: 
Sir, lastly, if you can also briefly touch base on some of the initiatives, because you spoke in one 
of the Con Calls that you are offering specific, you are giving specific offers to certain corporate 
groups. Can you provide some update on that and what is the current status?  
Sanjay Swarup: 
See, we are PSU. So, we cannot have a one-to-one offer that is valid for one customer, it will 
not be valid for another customer. What we do is we design our schemes and based on the volume 
slabs, so whichever customer crosses that slabs, they are eligible to avail of that scheme. We are 
not designing a scheme for a particular customer. We can't do that because we are a public sector 
company.  
 
So, we have been doing it for so many years, like volume discount schemes, if you give more 
volume you get more discount. If your incremental volume is more, you get more discounts. So, 
there are so many schemes like that, that we are doing it for exports, imports, throughout our 
ICDs as well as domestic.  
 
Domestic we have business-associates policy. So, if they give more business, they become 
Platinum category. Then there is the gold category. Below that, Silver category, Bronze 
category. So, it is all the thing about whatever volume you are giving and what is the incremental 
volume as compared to last year. These are the two basic criteria that give incentive to our 
customers.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sumit Kishore: 
In your opening remarks, you mentioned that EXIM volume growth of 3.5% was pretty much in 
line with India's international trade growth, export growth of 1%, import growth of 6%. So, for 
the second half, when we are expecting a strong double-digit growth, what sort of macro export-
import growth numbers you are thinking about for the country to grow at, which if they don't 
materialize, your guidance would be at risk?  

 
Container Corporation of India Limited  
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Sanjay Swarup: 
See, I can talk about only CONCOR's. Country, I think Honorable Commerce Minister will be 
the, you can ask this question to him. But as far as my business is concerned, I have already 
highlighted the growth drivers, and I am focusing on that. Of course, it is all driven by the 
policies of Government of India. So, we are hopeful to achieve our target whatever we gave to 
us at the start of the financial year.  
Sumit Kishore: 
So, I think the objective was to basically check if all India export-import growth were in a similar 
range, your growth drivers won't get impacted as much, you would still manage your double-
digit growth because of Varnama and other initiatives that you have outlined.  
Sanjay Swarup: 
Yes, I think that is what I meant also.  
Sumit Kishore: 
That's very clear. The second question is on the double-stacking numbers that you have given of 
11.5% growth and 3,083 rakes being double-stacked. What percentage of your overall rake 
movement on the DFC now is double-stacked? The idea is to understand how much of the 
potential of double-stacking has already been tapped when it comes to, say, Mundra, Pipavav. I 
know JNPT would still be pending, but this question is more to understand what potential of 
double-stacking has already been tapped by CONCOR.  
Sanjay Swarup: 
See, if you see on DFC, we are giving double-stack benefit at Mundra and Pipavav. So, I can 
say that the total volume that we are running on DFC, around 70% to 75% is double-stacked.  
Sumit Kishore: 
So, pretty much this is a fairly high level of double-stacking which has already been achieved.  
Sanjay Swarup: 
Yes, that's right.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshay Ajmera from Nirzar Securities. Please go ahead.  
Sanjay Swarup: 
I think this conference call is for one hour or more?  
Moderator: 
Sir, we will take this as the last question, sir.  
Akshay Ajmera: 
Sir, this question is regarding the news announcement made by our Commerce Minister Mr. 
Piyush Goyal in September, and I think this question was already taken up by you, but a part of 
it I want to understand more from you. So, on that press conference, which was basically to 
facilitate increase or ease of doing for the exporters of our country. So, the intent was to reduce 
the tariffs and provide logistic solutions to them. How do you see this going forward?  
 
Because the intent of the government is to give and pass on benefits to the exporter so that they 
can export more, at the same time to reduce the logistic costs. This has been reiterated by the 
government and ministers of the government various times, that their intention is to reduce the 
overall logistics costs in this country. So, how do you see this pressure coming to you in terms 

 
Container Corporation of India Limited  
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
of reducing costs, passing on the cost benefit, like you are talking about double-stacking, DFCC 
and all these things? But how this will improve the margins? Because I think it can give us some 
volume, but at the same time, whatever cost is there, you have to pass on to the customer.  
 
And in the same meeting, they have also slashed your empty container charges, handling 
charges. This is what we have read from the news article. So, if you can clarify about how much 
impact you had, and what is your thinking on their intentions going forward.  
Sanjay Swarup: 
See, now, actually, as far as the empty storage charges, as I clarified earlier, they are 90 days 
free at all our terminals for the last one year. They were not done after this meeting. And 
secondly, the handling charges we had reduced only at one terminal. That is Dronagiri. At all 
other terminals, the handling charges remain the same. We have not reduced it.  
Akshay Ajmera: 
So, what could be the potential impact of that? Because 33% of the volume has come from 
Dronagiri, if I am not wrong. 
Sanjay Swarup: 
How much percent?  
Akshay Ajmera: 
33% of our volumes.  
Sanjay Swarup: 
No, Dronagiri hardly contributes less than 1% of our volume.  
Akshay Ajmera: 
Volumes, okay.  
Sanjay Swarup: 
Yes, it is nothing actually. So, at present, the impact is zero. There is no impact at all. And 
because we are yet to receive empty containers from shipping lines at our Dronagiri terminal, 
which is near JNPT, so we have not started getting the container, so impact is zero. So, we are 
expecting in the next 10-15 days, they will be using this facility. Then we will get some revenue, 
because imagine we were not getting any revenue. Now at least we will get some revenue. So, 
it will be gain for the company. It will not be a loss for the company. Media article was giving 
some other impression. So, I wanted to clarify now to all of you that it will be gain for the 
company, that from zero revenue we are going to get some revenue.  
 
Apart from that, for the last one year, we have started a scheme of 25% concession on empty 
container movement from gateway ports to hinterland ICDs. This was done to promote exports. 
But we were offsetting this concession in terms of some charges that we had at terminals. And 
we are continuing with those charges. So, there is no loss of margin on that account. And because 
of the more empty container movement at our terminals, because of these concessions, we were 
getting exports, additional exports. So, it was additional income for the company. That is quite 
evident in our numbers also.  

 
Container Corporation of India Limited  
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
As I told you, we have increased our market share, but we have not sacrificed our margins. 
Margins have also increased, and market share has also increased. This is because of the policy 
that the company has been following. We don't believe in sacrificing our margin to gain market 
share. We believe in giving good service to our customers so that the customer stays with us 
despite there are some... we may be expensive, but our service that we give to customer is of 
international standards.  
 
So, remember we evacuate the containers from the ports immediately. The dwell time is less 
than 30 hours, whereas our competitor's dwell time is 30 days. So, there is a huge gap between 
service levels. So, customer is willing to pay more to get good service. So, that has been the 
philosophy of our company, and that will remain for the future also.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Due to time constraints, that was the last question. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Ms. Bhoomika Nair for closing comments. Thank you, and over to 
you, ma'am.  
Bhoomika Nair: 
Thank you, everyone, and particularly the management for giving us an opportunity to host the 
call. And wishing you all the very best and a very Happy Diwali, sir.  
Sanjay Swarup: 
Thank you very much, Bhoomika. Same to you and your team.  
Moderator: 
On behalf of DAM Capital Advisors Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 

Conference Name:
Time:
Sr. No.
Name
Phone
Company
1
 Host:  Bhoomika Nair
2242022561
Dam Capital Advisors 
2
 Host:  Management
1141673000
Container Corporation Of India Limited
3
Aakash
9892138178
Canara Hsbc Life
4
Abhinav Bhandari
9699358293
Sohum Asset Managers Private Limited
5
Abhishek Sanghavi
9969987152
Pragya Eqity
6
Abin
66242413
M K Global
7
Achal Lohade
9136727590
Nuvama
8
Aditi
9821447626
Abakkus Asset Manager private Limited
9
Aditya Mongia
2243360884
Kotak Securities
10
Ajit Motwani
9820934229
Dymond Asia
11
Akhilesh Bhandari
442086096838
Millinunum Capital
12
Aksah Kumar
7208838564
LIC
13
Akshay
9625580449
Informist
14
Akshay Ajmera
9870624556
Nirzar Securities Llp
15
Akshya
7208211260
Asian Market
16
Ali Khan
12064299176
Nexa
17
Alov Devra
9820513792
Motilal Oswal
18
Aman Agarwal
8697218375
Carnelian Capital
19
Ameen Tirami
61573583
J P Morgan
20
Amish
66328656
Bank Of America
21
Amit Bhinde
2261181031
Morgan Stanley
22
Amit Dixit
9839043382
ICICI
23
Amit Goyal
9820517779
Amit Ventures
24
Amit Khurana
2240969754
Dolat Capital
25
Amit Kumar
8898708990
Determined Investments
26
Amruta
9969053166
Wealth Managers
27
Anifa
9821931519
Dam Capital Advisors
28
Anil Bagadia
9757494130
Equicorp
29
Anish
9820563345
UTI Mutual Fund
30
Anishwer
7506161740
Pioneer Investcorp
31
Ankit Jain
67800305
Mirae Asset
32
Ankita Shah
9820679464
Elara Capital
33
Anshuh Agrawal
66121228
Emkay Global
34
Anurag
9650806954
Individual Investor
35
Areen
7977572598
Rb Investments
36
Arman
8319790530
Blue Sky Capital
37
Arun
9087779152
Capital Market
38
Ashish
9324233832
Individual Investor
39
Ashish Shah
6597265952
Millelium Capital
40
Ayush Sabarjeet
8097436847
Whiteoak
41
Bharati C Sawant
9004192576
Dam Capital Advisors
42
Bharti Sawant
67800306
Miraee Assest
43
Bijoy Shah
9867207988
Tara Capital
44
Darshan
9930609141
Informist
45
Deepak Gupta
2242147104
SBI Pension Funds
46
Deepak Kumar
7838341823
Fedility
47
Deven
9820280686
Sage Investment
48
Devendar Sariipelli
4041970088
S&P Global
THANK YOU FOR BEING WITH US
Participants List
Total 159 Participants including the Speakers.
October 30, 2024 at 11:30 Hrs India Time
CONCOR Q2FY25  Earnings Conference Call 
Chorus Call India
04-11-2024 Page 1

Sr. No.
Name
Phone
Company
49
Dishi Giria
9324791509
Ashika
50
Gauran Kedia
9830108977
Individual Investor
51
Gaurav Narayan
9820073819
Saltoro Investments
52
Gautam
9819701801
Mirzar Enterprises
53
Harini Kumar
9434225692
Individual Investor
54
Harsh Dole
9967581549
Optiva
55
Harshal Mehta
9967568857
ITI Mutual Fund
56
Harshit
9007036570
Nuvama Institutional
57
Hemanshu Srivastava
7506748289
Taurus Mutual Fund
58
Hemant Shah
69153547
ITI Mutual Fund
59
Hiten Udeshi
9820036204
Individual Investor
60
Hitesh Jhaveri
2262074401
Axis Mutual Fund
61
Jainam Shah
6353378861
Equirus Securities
62
Jainam Shah
8758759924
Equirus Securities
63
Jayshree
16578375417
London Stock Exchange Group
64
Jignesh Mackwana
9930122599
Asian Market Securities
65
Jinesh Kothari
9727001077
Elara Capital
66
Jonas Bhutta
9819222287
Birla Mutual Fund
67
Kartik
9990134412
Container Corporation Of India Limited
68
Kenil Kadakiya
9821514702
Sundaram Mutual Fund
69
Koundinya
2242246159
Jefferies
70
Krupashankar
9884128127
Avendus Spark
71
Kunal Mehta
9769004293
Janthor Partner
72
Lavina Quardz
2242246116
Jafferies
73
Lavish
9004973083
Sushil Finance
74
Laxminarayanan
9789951580
KSEMA – Wealth Management
75
Lokesh Garg
61556038
UBS Securities India Private Limited
76
Mandar Pawar
2262185279
Kotak Mahindra Asset Management 
77
Manish Gupta
6585134023
Individual Investor
78
Manoj Bagadia
9821083147
Equicorp
79
Mayur Magar
7028585756
Bandhan Life
80
Mehul Chawla
7977909377
R W Equity
81
Mohit Jain
7400195462
Tara Capital
82
Mukesh Saraf
9840016171
Avendus Spark
83
Nandish Shah
8097603295
Neo Wealth
84
Nikhil Jain
8866684989
Crisil
85
Nilotpal Sahu
9355735975
BNP Paribas
86
Nirmal Gopi
13322457667
Goldman Sachs
87
Nirmal Murarka
8240095715
V2 Capital
88
Nitin Gandhi
9821359091
Individual Investor
89
Paresh Dave
6598380755
Balyasny Ams
90
Parth
7977050966
J M Financial
91
Pranali Patil
61047506
Individual Investor
92
Pratik
9833755318
Alpha
93
Pritesh
7021526759
ICICI
94
Priyankar Vishwas
8657737455
BNP Paribas
95
Pulkit Patni
9820107735
Goldman Sachs
96
Rachel Smith
17812306877
Aiera
97
Raghu
6596279496
Bam Capital
98
Rajarsai Maitra
9820637133
Incred
99
Rajvi Shah
8767224443
Bright Securities
100
Rakshak
8197162711
Kivah Advisors
101
Ratish Varier Ratish Varier
7823976240
Sundaram Mutual Fund
102
Raunak Pathak
9062516420
Stockedge
103
Renita
9773335514
ICICI
104
Rishabh Gupta
9900696860
Goldman Sachs
105
Ritik Dhiman
66323075
Bank of America
106
Ritika
9910097857
JP Morgan
107
Rohan
9870041211
Axis Capital
108
Rohit
9870448599
Progessive Shares
Chorus Call India
04-11-2024 Page 2

Sr. No.
Name
Phone
Company
109
Rohit Jain
6289550527
Tara Capital
110
Roshan Pawar
9892721423
City Group
111
Rupam Jaiswal
6289899866
Investwell
112
Rushabh Sheth
9833133428
Karma Capital Advisors
113
Sachin Upadhyay
69106000
Klay
114
Sagar Shirke
61291553
Motilal Oswal
115
Sahil Kadam
17029131499
Global Solutions
116
Sameer Deshpande
9960621718
Fairdeal Investments
117
Sandeep Mamnn
4424679216
Frankling Templaton
118
Sandesh Shetty
9082589149
HSBC Bank India
119
Santosh Kumar
15103907767
Bloomberg
120
Saras Singh
9930440712
Haitong Securities
121
Saurabh Chugh
9820117499
Saltoro Investments
122
Shah
4041970000
S&P Global
123
Shalya Shah
7977349982
Kotak Life
124
Shantanu Pawar
37514752
Individual Investor
125
Sheena
85291631120
TRP Co
126
Shey Gandhi
9589915521
CRS 
127
Shiva Hari Raman
9620767145
Pinpoint Amc
128
Shobhit Tiwari
2266585681
Canara Robeco Mutual Fund
129
Shravan Raiappa
9042097197
Avendus Spark
130
Shrinidhi Karlekar
9901999884
HSBC Bank India
131
Shunak Mayank
9833448425
Individual Investor
132
Sidhant Gupta
9650247503
Tara Capital
133
Sonu Upadhya
7208798028
Motilal Oswal
134
Soubir Samadder
8777431404
HDFC Pension
135
Sumit Kishore
9819626041
Axis Capital
136
Sunil
9482823451
Tara Capital
137
Tanishq
9769268087
Elara Capital
138
Tvisha
9820722403
Karma Capital Advisors
139
Udit
66328520
Bank of America
140
Urmil Shah
9819916595
Ageas Federal Life Insurance
141
Urmil Shah
69317883
Envil
142
Vaibhav Shah
7045348239
J M Financial
143
Venkat Samala
2266578154
DSP Mutual Fund
144
Venugopal
7795441484
Trendlyne
145
Vibhor
8800361118
Individual Investor
146
Vidhi Shah
9920910811
YES Securities
147
Vigesh Iyer
9664252284
Sequent Investments
148
Vikram Suryvanshi
9867327414
PhillipCapital
149
Vinit Manik
62327216
Karma Capital Advisors
150
Vinni Motiwala
9819798409
CNBC
151
Vinod Jain
9814022999
Individual Investor
152
Viraj Shah
7666947641
Arihant Capital
153
Vishal
9515154470
Bajaj
154
Vishal Kothari
9833780081
Individual Investor
155
Vivek Sharma
61593160
PGIM India Mutual Fund
156
Yash
6377572688
UBS Securities India Private Limited
157
Yash Tanna
9920046969
I Thought PMS
158
Yashvant
7977028726
Southyarra Holding
159
Yatin Bhatta
68087070
Nippon India
Chorus Call India
04-11-2024 Page 3
