
“Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited Q2&
Hl
November 27,2024
Securities
*
MANAGEMENT: M R.IIPINAGARWAL—CHIEFN INANCIAL OFFICER,
AGARWALINDUSI“RIAr CORPORATION LIMITED
MODERATOR:
Ms.ASTHAJAIN — SFNIO
RrSEARCH ANALYST, HEM
SEC URITIEII LIMITED
Page1 of1

ATAURALG ItCUP
Moderator:
Astha Join:
Vipin Agarwal:
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited
November27,2024
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welc'›me tothe Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited
Q2&
H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by HEM
Securities Limited.
As a
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an
opportunity for you to ask questions aiter the presentation concludes. Should you need
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on
your touch-tone phone. Please note that Us conference is being recorded.
I now hand theconference over to Ms. Astha Jain — Senior Research Analyst from HEM
Securities Limited. Thank you, and over toyou, ma'am.
Thank you, Neha.A
very good evening:, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you forjoining the
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited Q2&
HI FY25 Earnings Conference Call.
Joining us on the call today from the Management Team is Mr.
Vipin Agarwal — Chief
Financial Officer.
We will commence thecall with the opc•ning thoughts from themanagement, post whicfi we
will open theforum forQ&A
session, wherc theManagement will be glad to respond to any
queries that you may have.
Before we go on tothemain call,I would like to read thestandard disclaimer:
There may be forward-looking statement about the Company and thesubsidiary, which are
based on thebelief, opinion, and expectation of Company’s management, ason thedate of this
cali. The Company does not assume any o0iigation to up‹iate tiieir forward-looking statement
ifthose beliefs, opinions, expectations er other circumstances should change. These statements
are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to
predict. Consequently, listeners should not place any undue reliance on such forward-looking
statements.
With this,I will fiand over tire call to Mr. Vipin Agarwal — Chief Financial Clfficer, to take it
forward. Over to you, sir.
Good afternoon everyone. It isa pleasure to welcome all of you
to the Q2 &
HI FY25 Earning
Conference Call of Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited.I thank you fortaking the time to
join us today as we iiiscuss our Cc'mpany's
Performance, Grey Milestones and Strategic
Directions, Dverriew ofthe Business’.
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited (unctions as an integral part of the Indian transport
d
logistics sector, primarily serving the infrastructure industry. Our core operations include
.
Page2 of2

Agarwal Industùal Corporation Limited
November27,2024
manufacturing and trading bitumen and allied products, logistics, solutions for bulk bitumen
and LPG and power generation through windmills. With over 650 specialized tankers anda
fleet of 10 large bitumen vessels, we are pr‹iud to be India's largest private sector plant bitumen
logistics. Rititmen CnnsïJmgt.inn iü Ïndia il poiücrl fnr exÿonentinl growth given the cnlintrv's
vast road network of approximately 64 lakh kilometers, ihe second largest in the world. With
ambitious projects such as the Bharatmala Pariyojna and increased government focus on
infrastructure development, thedemand for bitumen and thelight materials continue to surge.
Financial “PcrfuliiiaH‹iü of tireI ligliiigiltn” ftn tire Cornpaiij.
Let me now provide an overview of our'‘Financial Performance” forH1 FY25 compared to
HI FY24:
The revi;iue reaches dt Rs. i,03u.38 croies, up by 20.07'zâ limit Rs. O‹i0.‹i7 crores. EBITDA
amounting toRs.98.72 crores reflectinga robustyear-over-year growth of39.43%.
Net income stood at Rs. 57.45 crores makinga 31.79% increase. EPS recorded at 38.40, up by
31.78%. Cash flows from operation significantly improved by 321.86% reaching Rs. 67.54
crores. For Q2 FT 23, we delivereda strong performance. iievenue increased by 40.42% toRs.
325.66 crores. EBITDA rose by 29.0d%Io Rs.37.01 crores. Other income registereda growth
o1’ 15.18% reaching to Rs. 18.44 crores. These numbers area testament of our focused
execution, operational efficiency and ability to meet growing market demands.
Oui “Opciatiotial bfne3torC3”:
InQ2 FY25, we sold 65,338.77 metñc tt›ns of bitumen,a significant 47.27% increase over the
same period last year. Additionally, our ancillary infra segment, which represents over 75% of
oilr business, demonstrated steady revenue growth of 15.23% in Hl FY25. One of the
highlights or this perioo is our strategic investment ina storage terminal at New
Mangalore
Port Trust witha capacity of 40,000 metric tons. This 40-crore project will significantly
strengthen our supply chain and expand our presence in southern India. This new terminal
complements our existing network of J3ighi, Vadodara, Mumbai, enhancing our distribution
backbone.
hooking ahead, the market opportunity forbitumen is immense. With increased infrastrucMe
spending by the government amounting toRs. 2.78 lakh crorcs allocated ir the FY25 Union
budget, anda projected 20%-30% market share in the bulk bitumen private sector, we are well
positioned for sustainable growth. Our guidance for FY25 includes revenue and volume
growth target over 20•z« year-on-year earnings growth icya CAGRof2G"/â in UPS, ROCEand
ROTmaintaining ata healthy 20%
rant,e. The Indian bitumen market is projected to reach US
$6.8 billion by 2{i32, supported by initiative and increasing imports. Additionally, witha shift

Moderator:
Ankit Minoeha:
Vipin Agarwal:
Ankit Minocha:
Vipin Agarwal:
Vipii• Agarwal:
Ankit Minocba:
Vipin Agarwal:
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited
November27,2024
towards sustainablc practices, our investnient in modified bitumen projects position us for
future market needs.
I would now like to take questions.
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question
is from theline of Ankit Minochafrom Adezi Ventures Family Office. Please go ahead.
So, m•, first qti•stiox i*'as :i'.ti: read tctlie ongoing I--nsions ir. the Middle East and the wars
that's kind of going on. So is that kind of having an impact on the shipping or the bitumen
business for you and do you kind of anticipate some sort of impact inQ3?
Yes, thank you foryour question. The tensions are not in the region that we are working asof
now. We arebrins'ng our product froml JAE, Oman toIndia and going towards the East of
India. So in our case, we are not deaiing with the areas as of now wherein the war situations
are there. It is not
having any major effects on
ow
business apart from a
normal,
psychological thought inthemarket, that's it.
Understood. And a lot of companies are sporting increased shipping and freight costs due to
this. So are you also seeing some benefit ‹›r disadvantage of that in your business?
No, freight cost is not increased in the bulk side that we do in India. Containers also, the
freights have remained thesame inthemist few months now, it has
not increased not at least
towards theIndia side.
Rigiit, so tliaiiks for tliai. diy second gut.stioii is n itli regiil3i i‹› the 3"OY outli›ut fur bitumen
price. So ifI look at Q3 24 and ifI loot at the prices that are prevailing right now
in Q3 25.
could you give us an estimate of where bitumen prices are and how would they compare tothe
same quarter last year forQ3?
Ifyou o•oili{iai’e the l'ealizatiuii value vt uitumeii iastj eat, tire entire last year, tire pi ic•es were
around Ks. 35,000 per metric ton, which in poised to increase this year because of the tensions
going on maybe, and since it isa community, iasv Scar inceverepc value woe on the lower side
compared towhat we aregetting. We
may
finish higher inthis year. It will be higher.I expect
therealization value to be on the higher ,ide in the current financial year.
Currently what is the number that is couiing out in right now as you speak?
The realization value is the average of last yearwhich was around 35,000 as ofnow.
go ahead.
Page4 of4
’c

Yash Dantewadia:
Yipin Agarwal:
Yash Dantewadia:
Vipin Agarwal:
Yash Dantewadia:
Yash Dantewadia:
Yash Dantewadia:
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited
November27,2024
I just have one very important question that you need togivea lot of clarity, right. That is if
you look atyour balance sheet, your ship vessels, right, you started buying ship vessels,I think
ataround 2019, 2020. Is that right? Whendidyour Company start buying ship vessels?
2019.
Correct? So from 2019 and till today you have close to from 53 crore it's gone to 540 crore
your ship vessels, right? Is that right†
Yes.
So, one thingI really have failed to understand with your Company. How can you invest so
much money inship and vessels and your OPM
is still the same† Your OPM
pre-buying the
ships, right’? Pre 2u2u was at7'Z•-â'z». Aiii!r buying 5tiU crore worth of ships, your OPM
is still
8%-9%. So what was thepoint of investing so much money into the ships when your OPM
is
not able to go higher?
See ifyou see5 years back&
today's market, the markets have also significantly changed. At
least we are not losing today, we are mair:taininp our margins. You see the market has become
very competitive. The investment si‹ie that we have maae on thevessels, it is only purely on
the CAPEX andtosave our cost of freight that we used topay. And today with the increase in
volume, the discount volumes forsupplying the product to end users have also increased. So
it'sa
mix
and match ofall the set up that we have made, wherein your operational margins are
notgone down irrespective of the markets, margins have been eroded forso many companies.
That is one difference in ihe iast few years.
Whendowe seethemargin actually expanding† Like when do we seethebenefit of spending
500 crores†
No, I'm talking about, see, your topline has grown quite significantly. Kudos toyou.I think
you're one of the only companies who's growti their bottomline wim such struvturnl intcgrity
overthelast 5-10 years. I'm not denying that. I'm not challenging that. But what I'masking you
is, on the OPM
tront, we've invested so inuch money into the shipping. Usually. generaily, you
look at any Company when they invest so much intheir main cost, your main cost is
transportation of bitumen, right from overseas to India, importing, right? So, when your main
cost, which is the shipping cost, pre 2020 and post 2020 of investing Rs. 500 crore, you're
telling me there is no benefit in terms ol OPM
atall.I mean, before 2019. 2020, you also were
tioinga simiiar OPJvi. So that Rs. 5öü ciore, you‘vc donc higher volumes, great, but I'm asking
you Why haven't we seen thebenefit of inargins coming inover thelast 6-7 years? See ifit was
gq
t
iq/
a one
year case, it was some Red Seacrisîs or anything that isa one-off issue, Pm with you,I
Page5 of5

Yash Dantewadia:
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Lf/T/lied
November27,2024
completely agree, right? But what I'mnotaxle to undcrstiind is there's no change.I can see that
you spent Rs. 500 crore in your balance sheet, but ifI look at the pre-spending and post-
spending, there is no change. It's not like there were no shipping crisis before 2019. Before
volatile business. So, one thing is great that you don't have to face that issue anymore. But
when arewe going to see the benefit of you spending Rs. 500 crore coming interms of
margins?
Let timailsw er to your questioii. The v äluc cÏiaiii tiiat we i IaVc cicatcd iodaj to dtj tnc vulutlicx
that we are doing, that is the plus point tha we have achieved having made CAPEXofRs.500
crores in the vessels. If we would nothave thevessels. we would nothave made this kind ofa
setup that we have today. And operationalty, the margins would have been much, much lower
considering the changes in the market from the last 6,7
years wherein, ifyou see six years
back, there were few importers, there were lew storage faciÏities. Now
everytiiing is in
abundance and there isa fiood of even pr‹›duct flowing inthe market, storage vessels moving
into India. There area lot of quantities coming into India as of now. This setup that we have
created, that means thevalue chain and the supply chain that we have created across the Indian
ports inland with the road transport and de sea transport that is helping us to maintain the
levels that we were evenö years back.J hat is the ciiïïerence tiiat is being created with the
addition of these vessels. And going forward, yes, we will get some more bencfit because we
have now created the entire value chain ‹:onsidering land and the storage points to distribute
our product ina more efficient way.
Riglit, .so cam
you
give suine sotl of guidance th‘ nuder3tiuitiinb iii whore ai'c we
seeing the
OPM? Seetopline, no doubt you've donea great job in the last decade, you're going to doa
greatjob in the coming decade because› ou've setup the infrastructure like you said, you've
backward integrated everything, now you're forward integrating it by putting storage units, that
is also great. Rut the question c.omes when arethemargins going togo up or ifthey are going
togo up.' That is my main question. Jhat'i wiiat i'm trying to understana from you, sir.
Going forward, as the volumes will be increasing further,1 think you will definitely see
operational margin increase. The year-un-year volume that is increasing from say5 lakh tons
to the current financial year of 20% growth that we are expecting, you will definitely see some
growth intnat side as well.
But from whatI understand, are you being conservative at 20% becauseI mean quarter2 you
grew 47% volumes, right? So are you being conservative when youaresaying 20% groMh''
Just trying to understand.
So we always givea number that we think we can easily achieve. Anything overa number
what we sayis an additional bonus that ue can get in terms of volume that we do.
Page6 of6

Yash Dantewadia:
Yash Dantewadia:
Yash Dantewadia:
4’ipiu Agarwal:
Yash Dantewadia:
Vipin Agarwal:
Yipin Agarwal:
Yssh Dsntewadiu:
Vipin Agarwal:
Yash Daniewadia:
Moderator:
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited
November27,2024
Right. And what is our capacity utilization with the sliipplng† Like wc bought another ship,
right?I think two, three quarters ago. to are our existing ships getting fully utilized that's why
we bought another ship? Or it was bccause of another route7 Like I'mjust trying to understand,
running full. What's thereason?
All the vessels are optimally utilized. And
since the requirement ina particular area when
you're going, it does requirea specific timeline. You have tohave more vessels in your hand to
even do the volumes. And what do you :›ay,a uimaround of maybc west is lesser than tne
eastern side of India.
And
last question, where arewe sourcing most of our Bitumen's from? Which country are we
sourcing it from, ifyou can give me thebra:akup?
The breakup is not readily available.
Can you give me thetop two, top three countries.
UAE
aild Onlaii is tuii two places wlicic
v•e
get i csouice of our piremote fruin nio>tiy.
So the Middle Rast crisis issue is not impacting.
Where is the Middle East crisis happening:?
Baiicaliy, Israel side, right?
We are not operating in that area. That is rot impacting our business in any case.
So shipping cost didn't go up, rights Or are you telling me shipping cosi went up? Like I'm
trying to understand theshipping cost.
Only forchange inbunkering rates apart from that, there is no additional cost of either on the
higher side or on the lower side.
So with crude oil prices coming down, we should see some margin benefit, right?
Diturnen pi-iccs aia iiot directia iink<do itli crude at aÎ1. If2 uti iiave hcaid nij picviuus cuti-
calls also, bitumen and crude is not direcily linked in terms of prices.
Thank you. The next question is from th‹: line of Sandeep Eiixit from Array Partners. Please go
Page7 of7

Vipin Agarwal:
Yipin Agarwal:
Saaüeep Dixit:
5azide•p Dizit:
Agarwal Industrial Corporation L/m/ted
November27,2024
So following up on these margins, and I want to try to understand the dynamics of the
business. You have had strong YoY
growthinboth bitumen and shipping, but if you look at
the margins, they've actually shrunk. Shouldn't operational lcveragc br improved themargins?
As I rightly said, to increase the volumes and to supply to PSUs aswell, wherein you are
supplying througha particular tender and i formula based, you don't have themargins that we
can get when we aredealing with theprivate sector companies. So when youaredealing with
PSUs, though thevolumes arethere, these margins with the PSUs may notbethesame ona
fortnight basis or ona montil to month basis because the formuias arefixed inany PSU tender.
On an average basis, we can say that since the volumes areincreasing. we have topass on little
bit of more discount to the various vendors toincrease the volumes.
Another related question is that in your 4Q FY24 call, you had mentioned two points. One
is
that the EBITDApertonyouexpected thiit it would rise from 3625 to3829 permetric ton. Are
we still on track for that?
See the ABU
DA, I will give you the numbers forEBITDA. Last year, the EBITDA perton
was3625 forthewhole year. On a half-yearly basis, it was
3955. This year ona half-year basis
it is 4185.
So,3955 hasgone to4155.
4186. So, we have gone up by almost Rs. 230 per metertonon üRITDA.
Sv tliot actually confuses me a iitilc run e, sir. I* Eiiii DA
per ioi has gone up fiorn 3955 to
4185, why is it not reflecting in EBITDA margin ofthepercentage of sales?
Because sales, asI have already said,c ur EBITDA orPAT is not to be considered with the
volumes, with the topline that we do bicause it'sa commodity product wherein the prices of
commodities arechanging, whereas wei rytokeep ourmargins ona fixed per ton basis and we
are not selling our product ona margin or percentage basis. Suppose therates are 30,000 per
metric ton and or at 40,000 metric tons, our per ton margins are remaining the same
irrespective of the pricing being at 3ti,000 or at 40,000. So l have said in all my
earlier
concalls, our industry is not such wherein we can compare our topline and EBITDA with the
percentage terms because we aiways se1 our product ona per metric ton i›asis margins. So we
have tocompare my numbers with the t›er ton margins that we have been getting ona year-on-
year basis.
Perfect,I think that explains it. We
should be booking at margins ona per tonbasis rather than
a percentage of sales basis. Fair enough. So last question on that is that last year you had
mentioned tiiat ôU%é où voiume was to‹iwu vessels in FY24 andit wifi rire to 65%
to 70*zâ this
year. Are we on track for that7
Page8 of8

Vipin Agarwal:
Sandeep Dixit:
Sartdeep Dixit:
Moderator:
Tejas KAandelwal:
Yipia Agarwal:
Tejas Xbaadelwal:
Vipin Aparwal:
Tejas Khandelwal:
Yes, definitely.
So, 65%-70% through our own vessels.
’A'e wiit i›ü düiiig iliiuugii trut uwli ›coivla.
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited
November27,2024
So,canwe expect that EBITDA pertonfothefull year will be even higher than this4 i is that
we got for the first time?
around 3900 to4000 perinetric ion.
£hank you.4 he next question is from the line of Tejas Khandelwal from Prudent Equity.
Please go ahead.
So my question was, why are the margin›. declining in both bitumen and chartering segments?
Because PB'f margin in chartering segment droppe‹l from 31% in last quarter to 23%
this
quarter. So is this due to cooling freight threats or is there any other reason*
Tlielo aie
soiiie Vessels Wiliâll arc ili ul) dock iil ii p<tlfioufiu fiitis. Hw
iia3ic‹iiiJ whirl you're
conside s the shipping side margins,1 think it he
always bccn nbout 20%-21% which we
have maintained. We have never said it will be 30%
or 35%, butwe have always maintained
that our shipping margins will be always ata level ot 2u%
or 2o% more.
No, uut iiij qucstioii was
iii iast 9uaitei tiix sJiippiiig unu @ii w a>3 1'zo aii‹i iii iiiis cțu•artei‘ ii is
around 23% so this isa huge drop, right"
No. I don't think so there isa drop inthequarter-on-quarteras well because our sector is not to
be compared with the quarter-on-quarte basis because these vessels are on charter during the
monsoon tilat is the stack perio‹i whereiti the Vessels ao mayoca spot IC or ona voyage basis.
So now
the 4th Quarter is the peak season wherein we getthehighest revenues, 2nd Quarter is
the 4th place which is the slack season because otthemonsoons across the entire Asian reelon.
Okay sir. understood. And then my sebond question was regarding the volume. So you had
guided for6 lakh tons of volume forthi› year, right? Rut in the first half, like 40%
of the target
iias achieved. 3o are you conii‹Jent adopt achieving the remaining bU'i/o in the second hail
We
are very much confident, yes.
And another question was regarding the resolution of split. So the resolution wasn't approved.
socanwe expecta share split in near future?
Page9 of9

Vipin Agsrwal:
Tejas Khandelwal:
Tejas Khandelwal:
Moderator:
Yash Kukreja:
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited
November27,2024
I would notbe able to comment on that, but as of the rcsolution that you are talking about, yes,
through voting, it has been decided that the resolution was not passed by the shareholders. So
effectively that has beenputofffornow.
So sir, my
last and
final question woul‹l be regarding the volume only. So I could not
understand that with the new vessels almost doubling your own capacity, so why
you are
giving theguidance of 20% growth? So don't you think this is conservative guidance?
No. Asi liäve ineniioied eailier alse, all ise vesseia are :iot cailjiîig the came capaciij and at
the same time because ifyou are going tolheeastern site or say to Malaysia, Indonesia or any
other side, it requises 45-50 days forgoing, to Singapore, Malaysia or Indonesia, that is during
themonsoon and ifyou are going totheöilstem side that is Haldia, we take around 40 days to
completea voyage. Ifyou requirea vesst:1 during that time, you have to havea vessel from
outsiöe because the quantity, till the vess‹1 cornes back you arenot aöle to road the same on
your vessels and take back to that port. We require number of increased vessels to do that
volume. And not neccssarily that ifyou have one lakh tons of storage, you'll be able to do, say,
one million in6 months or7 months, because it isa
process wherein the vessel cornes, it
discharges, goes back, again loads, and a(;ain calme back. So it's a process, the timing it takes
aner discharging and after loading coming toinöia. It'sa process. it takes time.
Okay, so this question is regarding the nt'w ship. So how many trips this new
ship can do in
onv year†
This new ship, right? The big one?
Ys
Aiid will tltis do all tilt tfi§S ai iiié full 0a{'•io1iJ:
Yes, always do all the trips at full capaci9,.
Thank you. The next question is from th‹• line of Yash Kukreja from Equitree Capital. Please
go ahead.
Sir, my question is on the realization front only. So, for Hl FY25, it was
around 35000 and for
thenew models that we have got it is around 42000. So how are we seeing it for H2 and
FY26†
The avci‹it;c ioalizatioii xmlns ti-it Wei liar ci giv0ii *s old u feli fi ilâotitlrs
oii 5atc mid lot year‘
it was a
full year. It may
not be necessar', because ina particular fortnight rates e higher and
Page 10of10
@
’%’ 0
:

Yash Kukreja:
Vipin Agarwal:
Moderator:
Yipin Abraham:
Yipin Abi aüaîu:
Vipin Agarwal:
Moderator:
Agastye Dave:
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited
November27,2024
inparticular fortnight rates are lower. So realization value can only be derived at the end of the
year. We cannot give any numbers, butyes given the fact that last year the commodity prices
had gone down. We assume that this year the realization value should be higher than last year
runa Hill year hasis.
And
sir my second question is do we have i,ny plans to add vessels in H2 FY25 ornext year?
As informed earlier also, we
are looking at good opportunities and if there are good
opportunities comins along, we may definitely end up buying more vessels, yes.
’Thank you. The next question is from theline of Vipin Abraham from lntegro technologies
Private Limited. Please go ahead.
My question is that the revenue has growr by 40% and thecost of the direct consumables, for
example, the main raw materials has groxvn by only 35%. Still the profit is relatively lower,
right? Because iïom Rs. 18 orore profit bei'ore tax, it has grown oniy to Rs. CO crore. Now
if
you look at the real numbers, your other expenses have grown significantly from Rs.45 crore
to almost Rs. 73 crore compared toyear-on-year quarter basis comparisons. So what is the cost
of the other expenses which hasgone up sohigh?
T1‘iesc aie
ail tire fixed expenses tliat the ctinipaiiics ii‹ivc, maybe there i> adñitior«ti storage thai
we have this year, that is related to more expenses on the expense side. And I understand the
point of margins lowering and it was
b:isically because of the fluctuation in prices of the
commodity.
So, ¡ije prioes of the Conuiiodit2 is, when loom atthai, that cloes iioi really ii1ip•act it, right: Ii'S
mainly theother expenses. And other expenses, you're saying that storage costs, so is it like we
addeda storage space where we have notyetfully utilized. 1s that the reason why the cost has
gone up that muchhigher?
Storage is fora month ora two month, wnichhasincreascd on the expense pride. This isa very
temporary phase wherein maybea bigge:‘ vessels when they are arriving and we don't havea
ledge ora storage due to whatever reason, we have takena spot facility from theterminal to
store the product.
Thank you. The next question is from th°line of Agastya Dave from CAO
Capital. Please go
I will not ask you about the margins becauseI have been tracking the EBlTDA perton
numbers and it has been consistently Using since you started adding ships and the ROE
numbers iiave aiso improved. So clearij tiiose are helping. SoI havea question on there isa
Page 11of11

Vipin Agarwal:
Agastya Dave:
Agastya Dave:
A@A*!7• Dn•c:
Agastya Dave:
Vipin Agarwal:
Agastya Dave:
Vipin Agarwal:
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited
November27,2024
line item that you report inyour annual report, which is thc direct expenses which comes under
theother expenses line item. So would you have thenumber forthat for H1?
Unfortunately, that is not available readilv in mv hand. If you can mail me, I'll definitely send
thedetails as per the query that you hsve.
No problem, sir. Sir, next question is on your CAPEX. So,my assumption is for the next 2-3
years you will continue tohave around Rs. 150 crores of annual capital expenditure. Is that the
right assuriiptioii, sir†
Given thefact that we get the opportunity to add the vessels because basically these CAPEX
aredriven mainly foraddition of the vessels and as informed we have also started the storage
terminal in Mangalore, so another Rs. 40 crores CAPEX will be doing towards that terminal.
Is therea possibility that you may exceed ltte Rs. 150 crore number foranyparticular year over
thenext 2-3 years?
We have toadd more than2 vessels ina y.•ar.
fiascJ on the •i•ibi:its *hat you love tcii j
‹in your cat*itai expenditure, wiiai w otiiti be tire
maximum potential volumes that you can move based on your asset block today? And what
capital expenditure you're doing today?I mean, which is definitely formed up and on the
ground?
Tlie CAPEX tliat we
are doing is on two
frorits now. Tire vopavitj tiiat we iiave alie-ady •a‹Joed
in the last few years, with theview ofadding few more vessels in the coming2-3years and the
storage facility that terminal work that we have started, we expect the volume toincrease to
almost double than what we aredoing in the next maybe three years. That would be the
guidance and...
So what's the base forthat, sir? ShouldI take 2024 volumes as thebase on which you will
double over thenext three years?
We can take FY24 asthebase because Loing forward with the growth target that we assume,
we will easily reach8 lakh tons in the next three years and adding2 lakh tons should not bea
problem forus given the fact that we are adding more storage tankages to our misting storage
that we have.
Last year you did 4.9, so you are saying in3 years you can more than double sir? AgainI Y27
by then you will double? Is that the right assumption?
We can double thevolume that we did ir FY24.
Page 12of1Z

Agastya Dave:
Agastya Dave:
Agastya Dave:
Yipic Agarwal:
Agastya Dave:
Vipin Agarwal:
Agastya Dave:
Vipin Agarwal:
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited
/\/ovember 27, 2024
And youalready have theassets in place usingwhich you candouble orwould you require any
funher CAPEX?
More orless we have all the assets in place.A
few more storage may be required to boost up
the sales in terms of topline to add more volumes than what we arediscussing.
One
last question. We
know that 2nd
Quarter is always the lowest point for the year,
scasonally weak quarter. And
then there iia spurt in demand inQ3.But this time around on
the iiifrastracture side. tfiere are like iiiui’inui‘ings that tlir go*‘ciniiieiit CAPEX hasrivt picked
up. So what areyou seeing interms of demand forbitumen? Is there the usual pickup that you
see after monsoons and after Diwali, is tint happening or arethethings slower? So what kind
ofexpectation should we have inQ3?
l4o, practically it'a not >ioW. i ric demand ofbitumen is ntiii tiicrc aim
it i> going in oe tllelc.
That is the reason all the PSUs have started takinga product from private players We are now
supplying to all the three PSUs, IOCL, Ht?L, BPCL yesterday only we have intimidated on the
exchanges giving information that we have gotspot tenders from BPCL andIOCL which is
which will be supplied in next one anda halfmonth. These arespot requirements that even the
PSUs arehaving which we aretrying to iulñil ina very sllon time. Anñ going forward with
this, these kind of additions of spot tendsrs called by all the three major PSUs will help us in
boosting our volumes from thecurrent level. So that is why
the guidance that we are giving is
inclusive of all the three PSUs puttogether as their demands from theprivate sector players
have also been increasing. And the refining capacity is reduced ona year-on-year basis.
Whatever you were thinking about forthe year at the start of the financial year, you are still
seeing that level of growth?
Definitely. And as on date, we are in line withtheprojection that we have targeted for our own
self.
Because theguidance that you have given, you are far ahead ot’those numbers.
As of now, but yes, we want tocomplete the 20% guidance growth that we have given ona
year-on-year basis, which we have alwajs maintained, more orless.
And
sir, these spot tenders which have come out, these would have better margins because
these are spot innature?
It is having good margins, yes. And
moreover, the payment cycle from thePSUs is very
prompt. So with theaddition of topline, the payment cycle is also very good.
Page 13of13

AG AMIRAL G ROLiP
Moderator:
34obit Madhiwatla:
Ooit
8Ö iWBllB:
Vipin Agarwal:
Mohit Madhiwalla:
Mohit IYIadhiwalla:
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited
November27,2024
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Madhiwalla from Envision Capital.
Please go ahead.
My
first question is on the bitumen part of the ancillarv in our business. So we have done 47%
volume growth in typicallya
seasonally weak quarter. So I just like to understand where
exactly this has come from. 1s it that the iniponed share of bitumen inIndia has increased and
we are benefiting from that tailwind? Or is it that we have tied up with more road contractors?
I just want tounderstand where this has come from and where it can
go fiom here?
In the last few ycars unlikc earlier times during themonsoon thework fortheroad construction
use to not happen at all. There were very few roadworks that used to happen during the
monsoon, butwith the new technologies and on an year-on-year growth ifyou seeevery year
in the monsoon, we have done better voluiries compared toa previous quarter in the same year
because even inthemonsoons roaaworks arenot put totally ciose‹a There areso many words
that are happening across Indian states. That is one
of the reasons that the volumes are
increasing, even in the off season. And or top of that, we have supplied to all the three PSUs
even inthis monsoon period.
I just waiit<d io
ii‹ierstand what percent of our rcveiiues w‹iuid comic frinii tllcsc top tlitec
PSUs that you're speaking of?
1 would have to check but we would be supplying nearly 20%
to all the three PSUs inthe
current financials.
So basically in your total revenue pie, 20"ñ of your revenues come from these three PSUs. Is
that understnnding correct†
The guidance tor this year, it should be around 20eZ« or maybea little bit more higher than
20%.
And sir, just wanted togeta clarification on the HI numbers. So what kind of volumes didwe
do inH1, FY 25?I knowtheQ2 number. We just wanted togettheHI numbers aswell.
We have done 2,d0,000 tons. Okay. And
would also like to highlight here in thelast entire on
the EBITDA levels, we had done 8.2%. Fhat was the EBITDA level in the last financial year
of 23-24 whereas this yeartheEñiTDA revels we had 9.52’z«. Ana
on the PAT
level, last year,
first half, we were at 5.05%, which this year we areat 5.54%.
Justa couple of questions on the chartering business as well. So just trying to understand again
where therealization growth has come fiom. So we have basically done in this quarter Rs. 83
crores of revenuc ona base of i† vess•ir. Now
in 2
tast year we did Rs. 47 crores ona base
of9
vessels. So just looking at this, the per vessel kind of revenue that we are getting is
Page 14of14

Vipin Agarwal:
Mohit Madhiwalla:
Vipin Agarwal:
htoderator:
Bhauiuik Shah:
Vipin Agarwal:
Bbuutnik Sbah:
Vipin Agarwal:
Moderator:
Anshul Jain:
Vipin Agarwal:
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited
November27,2024
significantly higher. So could you pleasee iplain how this has happened and what has kind of
ledtothis realization growth?
It's not necessarr because ina particular quarter, maYbe fewvessels are out of service because
ofthe dry dock forthemaintenance. Last year when you're sa7J»g it was
not that nine vessels,
full nine vessels were operated because feel vessels, last year may be on the dry dock. And this
year when we arecomparing with thecurrent quarter, all the vessels were inuseand they may
not be any vessels which were undergoing maintenance. That is one
of the reasons fora
ditierence in revenue inthetwo quavers that wB are comparing.
So it is purelya function of utilization on ihe vessels that...
Utilization in terms ofmaintenance ofthevessels whichcomes every 2.5-3 years.
Aiidjust cite iast clai ificatioii, sir. Wlitit i› the tax rate thai we pay in tin UAE
entity†
As of now. there are some taxation policies that have come up.As on date it is zero forUAE
operations. They have come upwith new taxation policies which is not very clear in terms o1’
what percentage we will be taxed, but going forward we may pay some taxes inUAE, which is
not significantly at ihe level tiiat we
pay
in India.
Thank you. The next question is from theline of Bhaumik Shah, an individual investor. Please
go ahead.
N‘i-j qucstioii is, tire iast ship wlilcii we hdvc inducted, witch i• of 47,000 metiie ton capacity,
has that been fully been operationalizednow? We areusing it fully now?
We areusing it fully, yes.
And 6 lakh ton this year's whatever goal we iiavc, tiiai isI tiiiiiki caciia0ic,i igjit?
Yes, very much reachable.
Thank you. The next question is from theline of Anshul Jain, an individual investor. Please go
ahead.
Just want tounderstand the outlook foryour business forthe next3 to4 years, ifyou can help
with that?
Earlier, the guidance forthe next few years is looking very good because of the infrastructure
development and thespend that government is basically focused on for getting all the Indian
Page 15of15

Moderator:
VivehJoshi:
Vipin Agarwal:
VivehJoshi:
Vivek Joshi:
Vipin Agarwal:
4’iveh Jushi:
Vipin Agarwal:
VivekJoshi:
Vipin Agarwal:
YivekJosbi:
VivekJoshi:
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited
November27,3024
states connected through seamless road networks. That will help us in creating more roads
which ultimately will lead into requirement of bitumen.
Thank you. The next question is from the1 ene of Vivek Joshi, an individual investor. Please go
ahead.
I havea couple of questions. One
is that, can you help me, what percentage of the domestic
consumption ofvitamin arewe handling† hikeI could not getthenumbers.
In the private sector, we have done almost 20% of the total bulk that is happening in Indian
markets.
Whatareourvolumes ofbitumen handled’?I coiild not find that number.
2,4G,0(l8 iiiJ
first lialfof this year.
IfI double it, it's like 4,80,000, roughly.
2,40,000 in the first halfof’this year.
Aiiotiier q‹iestioii is tnat u liat peicentat;e of reveiiue Portiesi oiii rSNs andnotfioili tlic
private?
AsI said in the last5 minutes back, this year we areexpecting around 20% ofrevenue from all
the three PSUs puttogether.
And have you found any trend because line there was a data that the government infrastructure
spend has dropped by 15% inthefirst halfof this year. So have you found it in...?
Not great, but maybe because of electioiis and other government political issues that may
be
going on.But as on date,I don't think so there is any issues with the govemment spend on the
inñastiuoturc side. it is in ïme with what thegovernment hasaliocated.
In your segment, you arenot facing any ›.hortfall. that's wfiatt ann asking?
No. government is already focused on building roads. So this sector,I don't think there will be
any issues going forward even inthenext 10-15 years.
Do you think the move toconcrete to;›s and
all will makea bigdifference in the bimmen
demand oryouareconfident of the dem:ind?
Page 16of16
AGdP AtGROUg
e
•
0

Vipin Agarwal:
Moderator:
Ankit M'inoeha:
Vipin Agarwal:
AnkitMinocha:
Vipin Agarwal:
AËkit Ï¥tiBOCÊ8•
Vipin Agarwal:
Yipin Agarwal:
Ankit Minochs:
Vipin Agarwal:
Vipin Agarwal:
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited
November27,2024
0:48:26
not this. We
have answeredr multiple times. There is absolutely no question of
major highways building through contrite because government is not keen on making
highways with concrete itselffully.
Thank you. The next question is from thel ineof Ankit Minocha fom Adezi Ventures -amily
Office. Please go ahead.
My question is to understand your 20% gr‹iwth guidance more clearly. So is this 20%
revenue
volume growth or is it revenue value growth that we are talking about?
Volume growth is what we target always.
So then in that case, ifI look atyour PAT growth inHI versus the PAT growth in111of last
year, thenI believe you still havea 20% odd volume growth that the PAT
growth has been
30% foryou. So does that imply that the PAT
growth would be close to 30'ñ as well forthe
year?
It may
not apply ona year-on-year basis, but as explained, we always try to increase the per
ton basis revenue of PAT we want toincrease on per M I’ basis which is increasing ona year-
on-year and quarter-to-quarter basis. Dt:finitely it will be on the higher side, but exact
percentage, it would notbe right for me to give any numbers.
And toa previous participant, you mentioned that the tax in the UAE
entity might be going up.
SoI believe your effective tax rate for last quarter was 9% and it's been significantly lower for
the last year as well. What shuul‹l we asfluillG d.S rou@ly a safe taX rate tO assufrle?
As on date, there is no taxes paid inUA1, butgoing forward, it there is any taxes that would
be paid inUAE, it would be maximum upto9%.
Last year thetax rate was 14%
for you for the full ycar. What could be thetaxrnte assumption
forthefollowing years?
That isa blendod percentage on a consol 1›asis, wherein tJAE taxcs rcmain zero.
Could you repeat that number?
At 14% taxation that you are mentioning isa blended taxation rate that is arrived ona console
basis, wherein thetaxation on the UAE
oJierations are zero.
So what could this numberbe astotaxati. u fii the
UAE
is 9%?
It should be around, maybe around 15%- 7%.
Page 17of17

Aakit Minocba:
Vipin Agarwal.
Aiikit Mioocba.•
ñ’Guderutur:
5aode•p Dixit:
Sandeep Dixit:
Vipin Agarwal:
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited
November27,2024
Andjust to geta top view ofthebusiness, just to understand certain other things. So one, ifwe
assume that crude oil prices are continuing to be significantly lower versus the past, so does
that incentivize or de-incentivize the refineries to produce more bitumen ordoes that affect the
price of bitumen? That is the first question with regard to crude oil prices and secondly with
theshipping rates being higher over the last one or two
years, if say shipping rates were to
come down would that affect your profitability and tnargins†
To answer your first question. the crude that is procured by the refinery hdsa fixed percentage
in terms of bitumen that can be produced. It is not that bitumen prices are high so they will
bring in crude and produce more bitumen because every crude that is being brought in by
refineries, it has multiple distillation poinis wherein they produce different products out of the
crude and bitumen is one part wherein it isa
fixed percentage or maybe few pcrcentage here
and there they can tweak to produce mort bitumen but they cannot produce 100% bitumen or
100% other products fiom thecrude that they bring. To answer your first question and second
question interms ofpricing of freight it h‹s remained thesame infrom gulfto Indian region.
And
on your tirst clarification on the p.4cing of crude. so if pricing of crude say remains
around the$60 to$65 mark, then in that case, bitumen prices are supposed to, would be around
this level only, the current prices?
Bitumen prices are not directly linked wi th crude. It is always linked to international pricing,
wherein demand andsupply arethefactors which indicates or is the basis of any price formula,
price that is derived forbitumen.
Thank you. The next follow-up questions fromtheline of’ Saiidcep Dixit from Arjav Partners.
Please go ahead.
This 20%
earnings growth guidance that you have given earlier, doesn't it look too low
considering that we have grown 31% inthefint halfitsulf?
We always havea conservative target oJ volume growth wherein we can assume whatever we
believe that we can achieve is put on paper, whatever additional we achieve that is anyway the
bonus forustocelebrate.
I understand that. But at the same time' to be a
little more realistic you
are saying that flue
EBITDA pertonwill go up to 3,500 or so for thc full year versus 3,600 and you have gota
40% plus volume growth inthefirst hali’ itself. So ifI just put these two together, itjust doesn't
add up. The mathematics doesn't add up. So could we be looking at givinga slightly more
realistic guidance†I understand that you need tobe conservative, but this seems tobea little...
As mentioned, there may be, we have tr› keep inmind that we have tosource the product from
various international gulf regions where we consider the waitin
time for loading as well
Page1s of18

Moderator:
Astha Jain:
Moderator.
Agarwal Industrial Corporation Limited
November27,2024
sometimes wherein theproduct is not ayatlable for us to sell in the market. Maybe formaybe
two, three days gap will be there from thevessel that is already coming into various locations.
So keeping all those factors in mind, ve derive ata
particular volume, this volume is
achievable because we know that this ml ch of product wilJ be able to bring in Item various
countries. That is one reason we are givinga guidance of 20% because there is alsoa waiting
time lead period forus tobring the product.
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take this as lhe last question.I now
hand the
conference overtoMs. Astha Jain forclosing comments.
Thank you. On bchalf of HEM
Securities Limited,I thank Agarwal Industrial Corporation
Limited team forgiving the time we spend on this call and responding all the queries ina
detailed way.1 would also like to thank .ill the participants for joining this call. Now
I would
like to hand over thecall to moderator for the closing remarks.
Thank you. On behalf of HEM
Securitie, Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you
forjoining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 4’hank you.
Page 19of10
