Regd. Office: E-18, Defence Colony, New Delhi 110024, Ph No.011- 44114411 www.medanta.org, info@medanta.org, CIN: L85110DL2004PLC128319 
  November 21, 2024 
   Ref:- GHL/2024-25/EXCH/88 
The General Manager 
Dept. of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited, 
P J Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543654 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: MEDANTA 
Sub:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Dear Sir(s), 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
held on Thursday, November 14, 2024, for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2024 results. 
The Transcript is also available at our website: https://www.medanta.org/investor-relation 
This is for your information and record. 
For Global Health Limited     
Rahul Ranjan 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. A17035
Encl: a/a 
RAHUL 
RANJAN
Digitally signed by 
RAHUL RANJAN 
Date: 2024.11.21 
12:52:52 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Global Health Limited – Medanta 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 14, 2024 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. NARESH TREHAN – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – MEDANTA – GLOBAL HEALTH LIMITED 
 
MR. PANKAJ SAHNI – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER AND DIRECTOR – MEDANTA – GLOBAL 
HEALTH LIMITED  
 
MR. YOGESH KUMAR GUPTA –CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – MEDANTA – GLOBAL HEALTH LIMITED  
 
MR. RAVI GOTHWAL – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
MEDANTA – GLOBAL HEALTH LIMITED  
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AMEY CHALKE – JM FINANCIAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Global Health Limited, also known as 
Medanta Q2 FY25 conference call hosted by JM Financial. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amey Chalke from JM Financial. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Amey Chalke: 
Thank you. Good evening and a very warm welcome to all the participants on the Global Health 
Limited Q2 FY25 earnings call hosted by JM Financial. Joining us today from the management 
team, we have Dr. Naresh Trehan, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Pankaj Sahni, Group 
CEO and Director, Mr. Yogesh Kumar Gupta, CFO, Mr. Ravi Gothwal, Head of Investor 
Relations. I will now hand over the call to Dr. Trehan for his opening remarks. Thank you and 
over to you, Dr. Trehan. 
Dr. Naresh Trehan: 
Thank you. Good evening to every one of you who is on the call and thank you for joining us 
today for Medanta's Q2 and H1 FY25 earnings conference call. The press release and earnings 
presentations have already been uploaded on our website and the stock exchanges and I trust 
you have had an opportunity to review them. 
 
Medanta's continued dedication to raise healthcare standards has resulted in another quarter of 
strong performance. As we expand our reach, we see steady progress across our facilities, 
aligning with our commitment to delivering accessible and highest quality of healthcare.  
The quarterly update that I would like to share with you that, I'm pleased to announce that last 
week we signed an Operation and Management Agreement to operate and management a state-
of-the-art 750 bed super specialty hospital in Pitampura, New Delhi. 
 
This is a significant milestone in Medanta's growth journey, allowing us to extend our presence 
into the high growth densely populated micro markets of Northwest and West Delhi. This 
hospital to be jointly developed with the society over the next 4 years and will offer 
comprehensive world-class healthcare services, including multi-specialty robotic surgeries, 
regenerative medicine and a full spectrum of transplant services.  
Our commitment to quaternary care remains steadfast as we focused on delivering cutting-edge 
medical services to transform healthcare delivery. 
 
Notably, Medanta Gurugram reached a significant milestone by completing 3,000 kidney 
transplants. Additionally, our doctors achieved a breakthrough in treating Idiopathic 
Chylopericardium, a rare condition using minimally invasive approaches. Medanta Gurugram 
also performed its first CAR T-cell therapy, an advanced cancer treatment that harnesses the 
power of the patient's own immune system to fight cancer. 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 
We also introduced the Da Vinci Xi surgical robot at Medanta Lucknow, which will support 
precision driven, minimally invasive surgeries, further enhancing patient outcomes. We continue 
to strengthen our clinical capabilities and on-boarded over 25 doctors in Q2 FY25.  
As we look ahead, we remain optimistic about our growth trajectory. Our focus will be on 
expanding our services offering, enhancing patient care and leveraging technology to deliver 
world-class healthcare services. Now I will hand over the call to Mr. Pankaj Sahni, our group 
CEO, who will walk you through the financial performances of the quarter. Thank you. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Thank you, Dr. Trehan. Good evening and welcome everyone to our Q2 and H1 FY25 earnings 
call. I am pleased to report a strong performance this quarter, achieving our highest ever 
quarterly revenue and EBITDA. Growth momentum was robust across our network hospitals 
and Lucknow unit also showed signs of recovery.  
During the quarter, the company delivered consolidated total income of INR 9,748 million, 
which is a growth of 12.7% year on year and 10.4% on a sequential basis. The growth was driven 
by a combination of factors including higher patient volumes, increase in bed occupied days and 
improvement in realization.  
EBITDA was INR 2,465 million, up by 5.5% year on year and a robust 18.4% growth on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis. EBITDA margins were at 25.3% in Q2 FY25, an improvement of 170 
basis points on a sequential basis.  
Profit after tax was INR 1,308 million, growth of 4.5% year on year and 23.1% on a quarter-on-
quarter basis. PAT margins were 13.4% compared to 14.5% in Q2 FY24.  
In the first half of FY2025, INR 370 crores of capex were incurred, including INR 131 crores 
related to the acquisition of land in Mumbai. Our balance sheet remains strong with a net cash 
surplus of INR 7,186 million at the end of September 2024. 
 
Now moving on to some operational performance highlights.  
During the quarter, we have successfully expanded our capacity by 118 beds, comprising 52 
beds at Lucknow and 66 beds at Patna. Average occupied bed days increased 9.1% year on year 
with a strong occupancy of 64.3% on increased bed capacity. Inpatient volumes during the 
quarter increased by 8.8% year on year to over 45,000 and outpatient volumes increased by 6.6% 
year on year to 7.75 lakhs. This consistent volume driven growth reflects the sustained trust and 
confidence our patients place in Medanta's dedication to delivering exceptional patient-centred 
care. 
 
Average revenue per occupied bed or ARPOB for the quarter was INR 62,140 compared to  
INR 61,003 in the same quarter last year, a marginal increase of 1.9%, largely driven by changes 
in case mix and some amount of tariff increases in our matured facilities.  
Coming to the matured versus developing hospital performance update. Our matured hospitals 
comprising Gurugram, Indore, Ranchi continue to deliver strong growth across key performance 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
indicators. Matured hospital revenue was INR 6,882 million, which is a growth of 13.5% year 
on year and 7.8% on a quarter-on-quarter basis.  
EBITDA was INR 1,739 million, a growth of 12.5% year on year and 9.4% on a quarter-on-
quarter basis. EBITDA margins remain strong at 25.3% in Q2 FY25.  
Average occupied bed days increased by 6.4% year on year, representing strong occupancy of 
67%. ARPOB grew by 6.2% to INR 67,059 in Q2 FY25, driven by tariff increases in Gurugram 
and Indore and changes in our case mix.  
Coming to the developing hospitals, which include Lucknow and Patna, delivered revenue of 
INR 2,754 million, which is a growth of 4.2% year on year and 16.2% on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis.  
EBITDA was INR 823 million, down by 8.2% year on year and a strong growth of 41.7% on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis. EBITDA margins improved from 24.5% in Q1 FY25 to 29.9% in Q2 
FY25. Average occupied bed days during the quarter increased by 14.5% year over year, 
representing an occupancy of 60% on increased bed capacity. ARPOB declined by 5.9% year 
on year due to a change in payor and case mix to INR 53,724.  
To add some further colour to these numbers that I've just mentioned, coming first to a Patna 
unit, it continues to perform well, very strong growth in patient volumes resulting in robust 
revenue and profitability growth and increasing its contribution to the developing hospital 
classification and to the group in general.  
Lucknow performance during the quarter showed signs of recovery. Sequential growth is seen 
in inpatient volumes, revenue and EBITDA as is highlighted in our numbers. 
 
During the quarter, we have strengthened our clinical capabilities in Lucknow by on-boarding 
six senior directors across various specialties. As part of our commitment to innovation and 
technology, we introduced the Da Vinci Xi Surgical Robot at Medanta Lucknow, further 
elevating our surgical precision and complex care capabilities in Lucknow.  
Aligning with our mission to provide inpatient care access across all types of patients, Medanta 
Lucknow has already enrolled in the Ayushman Bharat and Deen Dayal Health Schemes 
providing cardiac and radiation oncology services to a wider patient base. 
 
Furthermore, as of October 2024, we have secured the empanelment of the Central Government 
Health Scheme (CGHS) expanding our reach within the community. We continue to make 
further investments in medical equipment and clinical talent additions at our Lucknow unit.  
As far as our growth outlook comes for the future, in the first half of FY25, we have 
significantly expanded our capacity, adding approximately 280 beds across our network with 
150 beds coming in Lucknow, 84 beds in Patna and 50 beds in our Gurugram facility. Our focus 
is on ramping up the occupancy across these new beds, which will include enhancing clinical 
teams and investing in advanced technology to ensure seamless and high-quality care.  

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
We are also planning an additional 50 beds in Patna, which we hope to come on board in the 
next coming months. Furthermore, we have capacity within our current infrastructure to add 200 
more beds in Lucknow and approximately 150 beds in Patna, which we will bring online in the 
near future. 
 
Construction of our Noida facility is progressing well and we anticipate opening in Q1 FY2026. 
This expansion will be an important addition and is in the next step towards serving the Noida 
and East Delhi catchment of the Delhi NCR region.  
I am also pleased to share that as of last week, Medanta has signed an Operations and 
Management Agreement to operate and manage a state-of-the-art 750 bed super specialty 
hospital in Pitampura, New Delhi. This facility developed in partnership with the Dr. Narayan 
Dutt Shrimali Foundation International Charitable Trust Society is strategically positioned to 
address the healthcare needs of Northwest Delhi and its surrounding regions.  
With this, I request the operator to open the line for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have the first 
question from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Please go 
ahead. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. So firstly, if you could highlight the surgical medical mix for 
developing hospitals, for the quarter. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Not sure that I have that number off the top of my head, Tushar. But if you look at our revenue 
mix in the quarter, and this is for the group I'm talking about not developing, approximately 21% 
is in Cardiac, 12% is GI and Gastroenterology and about 14% is Cancer. This is on our investor 
presentation in the revenue mix slide, on slide 11. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
I didn't mean the case mix wise. I meant there has been a decline in ARPOB, but the revenue 
has grown, which implies that the volume has grown significantly for the developing hospitals. 
So maybe there has been a higher proportion of OPD. Is that the way to understand? And hence 
the medical mix is higher for the quarter for developing hospitals? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
No, I don't think there has been a significant change in our OP to IP mix. I think that the two 
points, as I mentioned very briefly, one is that in the developing hospitals, we include Lucknow 
and Patna. Obviously, Patna has grown very well and has continued to add a greater share of the 
total revenue for the developing hospitals. And as you're aware, Patna has a lower realization 
and therefore a lower ARPOB. So to some extent, the developing hospitals will have a dilutive 
effect on the ARPOB as the share of Patna increases in that portfolio pool.  
Now, our Lucknow Hospital actually has completed five years in November. So that, I guess, in 
many ways is now moving from being in the developing stage to being in the mature space if 
you use the five-year timeline. But that is one of the reasons.  

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
The second reason is that we have definitely, as with every other institution, seen a lot of growth 
in our Cancer work. And as you're aware, the Cancer work is maybe at a slightly more medical 
orientation if you take Medical Oncology or Radiation Orientation.  
Although, this may add actually to an increased ARPOB because the length of stay of some of 
these patients is lower. So I think that the major reason which you will find for the ARPOB share 
change is because of the increased mix of Patna in the developing hospital portfolio. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Got you, sir. And from a capex point of view, Indore project is also sort of stuck because of the 
litigation. Delhi project is also, if you want to clarify how temporary the assault is. And given 
that we have new Pitampura project and the Mumbai project, so if you could lay out the kind of 
capex outflow for say second half of FY25, FY26 and  FY27. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So let me just give you a quick overview on the projects and I'll ask Yogesh to walk us through 
on the capex. You are right, Tushar. There has been a delay in both Indore as well as our South 
Delhi project. And that is unfortunate even as far as we are concerned. Our Indore project, as 
you rightly pointed out, is stuck in litigation. We are, of course, exploring all other as well as 
current opportunities in Indore. 
 
And our DLF project or a partnership with DLF in Delhi is very much on track. Unfortunately, 
given some of the pollution challenges in Delhi, we have been a little constrained on some of 
the construction activity. But that project will happen, although it is delayed as well, 
unfortunately, but that project is fully on track as far as our intention and our partnership 
continues. Let me hand over to Yogesh who can maybe share some of the capex numbers for the 
next few years. 
Yogesh Kumar Gupta: 
So capex numbers, I think we have already shared this on the slide 23 of the investor deck. If 
you see that what we are maintaining here is that there will be about INR 470 crores of capex on 
the existing units. And then the INR 500 crores on the Noida which will be spend in the 
somewhere Q4FY25 and Q1 of the next financial year when we order major medical equipment, 
etcetera. 
 
South Delhi and Indore is something which are delayed a little right now. South Delhi may come 
up, but Indore is delayed for a longer period. Rest, Mumbai, Pitampura, Medical School, Guest 
House, all these projects will get spent maybe equally over the next three to four years. For 
hospitals, major chunk of medical equipment will get spent in the last part of the development 
of those hospitals.  
So we haven't broken up right now into the financial year wise as you asked, but what we have 
given is the overall strength on these projects. And except for Indore and South Delhi where we 
don't know right now how much time it will take, but all other projects will get completed in the 
next three to four years. 
Tushar Manudhane:  
Thank you, sir. I have some more questions and I'll come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Damayanti Kerai from HSBC. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Good evening and thank you for the opportunity. My question is again on status of DLF and 
Indore. So Indore unit you mentioned is pushed slightly longer, but on DLF, can you clarify like 
by when we should be getting complete clarity on all the aspects, whether it's environmental or 
some other pending issues? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So DLF facility, if you recall, I may have mentioned in our last quarter earnings call that we 
were going to proceed with the barricading and soil testing of our site there in South Delhi. That 
work actually got stalled because of the pollution requirements in Delhi. And so that has created 
a little bit of delay, but that work we will commence. There is no other major challenge there on 
one part of that.  
On the other part of it, we are actually working out to see how we can look at addressing some 
of the concerns that exist with respect to the site and some of the challenges that may be on the 
site. But the work will progress and the project will progress. 
 
I would say that if you look at it on an overall basis, I think it's probably been approximately one 
year that this project has been delayed because of the various compliances and approvals that 
we've been trying to get. But the project will continue and is on.  
As far as the Indore project goes, I think there the situation is a little bit more ambiguous. And 
that is why we have also commenced alternative thoughts in Indore to see how we can look at 
expanding our capacity. But we continue to work with our partners there to resolve these legal 
issues and continue to work with them to try to get these cases expedited and as you may be 
aware, I've mentioned in the past, currently the landlord has won the case which people had put 
against saying that there was an inappropriate transfer, etcetera. 
 
So we are just waiting for the appeals process to play itself out before we go ahead there. But a 
little bit less visibility, frankly, in Indore than in Delhi. And that's why we are looking at what 
all other options can be played out in Indore. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Just a clarity on DLF. So you have two blocks, right? And you started work on one side and then 
you're waiting for some clearance on the other block. Is that the situation? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Correct. Right now we are waiting for the Delhi Government pollution card requirements to 
allow for construction and to begin the soil testing. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
My second question is on your margin profile for the developed hospital clusters. So I guess it's 
more consistent at mid-20s. So do you see more scope to improve from these levels or this is 
more of a steady level which should continue ahead also? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So if you look at the matured one, you will see that the margins have moved around 25%, 25.5%, 
25.3%. So yes, if you look at the last several quarters, it does appear that they are reasonably 
stable. I don't want to say though that there is no opportunity to become more efficient. I do 
believe that there is always an opportunity to become more efficient. 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
 
But we've repeatedly maintained this stance that we would like to ensure that we're able to 
provide the patients with a very reasonable price of care and given the quality and the services 
that we offer. So we have not gone all out to jack up the tariffs and you would have seen that 
over not only last quarters, but last several years, we've been very conservative with tariff 
increases. 
 
So of course, there are opportunities. The question is that how aggressive do you want to be just 
to extract every last basis point of margin? I think that we feel that a slow and steady approach 
is much better. But yes, there are some efficiencies that we believe that we can look into. 
Although when you look at the industry trends in terms of material costs or manpower costs, 
they seem to be very much in line with some of the best-in-class peers. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
And my last question is on your empanelment proceeding in Lucknow. So you mentioned you 
are done with Ayushman, Deen Dayal and maybe CGHS. So out of the total bed, how much is 
currently going for these patients? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So we don't have any bed allocation for these patients. So it is not like we reserve X percent of 
beds for these patients, like some of the least requirements in certain hospitals in Delhi and other 
areas. There's no such requirement for any beds. This is really a function of how patients come 
and how we want to service them and how the various specialties apply.  
I think the larger thought is that our intention has always been to service every kind of patient 
from every category. And we had maintained always that once we reach a certain bed threshold, 
which I think in March we had crossed the 700 number or thereabouts, that we would go forward 
with all these various empanelment to ensure that our reach is higher. 
 
I think if you look at our peer mix across the group, as well as even if you look at it on developing 
versus mature hospitals, I think almost 80% to 85% in Lucknow, probably even higher, business 
is coming from cash and TPA. So, like we've always said, 10% - 15%, if you do business at 
scheme rates, nothing wrong. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
So that's helpful. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Alankar Garude from Kotak Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Alankar Garude: 
Hi, good evening, everyone. So in the previous call, you had outlined a host of issues around 
Lucknow, including competition, approach of some of your competitors, availability of 
clinicians, community connect, et cetera. So while there would have been a seasonal benefit at 
Lucknow in Lucknow in this quarter, similar to the other facilities, can you comment on how 
has been our progress in addressing some of these challenges seen over the last few months? 
And what are our expectations going forward? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So, you're right in the last quarter, I had mentioned a couple of improvement opportunities that 
existed for us as a group, specifically in Lucknow. And if you go through the last couple of 
quarters, you will see that there's been some fairly aggressive clinical talent additions in 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Lucknow. So that was one intervention that we made. And by the way, we will continue to make 
that.  
What we're finding actually is that as happened in every other city where Medanta has opened, 
the baseline of healthcare has improved because we have gone in, we have set up a new system. 
Doctors have come from all over. Other hospitals have imitated us and come following us into 
the various catchments that we've gone into.  
And that actually is good because it elevates the quality of care in the community. It elevates the 
health ecosystem of that community and that correspondingly transfers to greater availability of 
clinical talent and so on. So we have done aggressive hiring. Six department heads have been 
hired in the last three months. And we continue to do aggressive hiring and you will see that 
playing out as we move forward, not only in quarters, but over years actually.  
The second thing that we've done is that there's been a pretty significant amount of investment. 
And we had mentioned in the last call that we don't look at this quarter to quarter, we invest for 
the long run and we've invested both in terms of a Da Vinci Xi Robot recently, which is the most 
visible equipment, but other equipment as well, which may be less known. And we continue to 
do that into this quarter as well across the specialties. So that's the second thing, which is 
investment in medical equipment. 
 
The third thing is that we've continued the bed build out. So you will see that every quarter, some 
beds are getting added and we will look at how that bed build out should continue, but also 
looking at adding in newer specialties that we may not have.  
So to give you a very small example, we did not have an Ophthalmology service maybe six 
months ago at all. That has been added now. We have two senior doctors that we brought on 
board. And so it's a very small example, but an example nonetheless. Similarly, there are other 
departments which we did not have or had at some scale and we have added those in. So the 
service offerings have increased. That's the third thing. And we hope to continue to increase 
those service offerings as we move forward.  
The fourth thing, as I'd mentioned, is that obviously we have got a greater sense of touch base 
with the community. We've already signed up several residential communities where we now 
have our implanted clinics. I think soon we will be in double digits in that and the idea is to take 
that forward. We've connected with very close by and community-based nursing homes, doctors' 
hospitals, et cetera. So almost 100 touch points on that front. And so there's a lot of action which 
is happening at the community level itself. Not to mention the increases in our awareness,  
et cetera. 
 
Also, we are now five years in Lucknow. This November, we would have completed five years 
in Lucknow. So you can say, success, commitment, the embrace that we have received from the 
Lucknow community over five years is something that we very much value. And we are not in 
this for even five years. We are in this for the next 500 years. So the way we want to think about 
this is what do we need to do to continue to scale up? So I personally believe that there's a lot 
more to be done. 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
 
We are by no means over in the work which we need to do in Lucknow. At the same time, we 
see a lot of positive momentum and a lot of excitement in the unit as well as in the city. But once 
again, if I take the example of Gurgaon, we've been running this facility for 15 years. Over the 
15 years that we've been in Gurgaon, there have been multiple quarters or years where things go 
up and down. So I don't think that that worries us too much. We've got to keep our head down 
and focus on what we stand for, which is to continue to deliver very high-end care at the right 
ecosystem, right values, and hopefully at the right price, which our communities and our patients 
can afford. 
Alankar Garude: 
That's very helpful, Pankaj. A couple of follow-ups there. One is, in terms of competitive 
intensity, what is your assessment now? Are we in a slightly better position today as far as the 
market is concerned versus six months back? Or it has only got worse? Any thoughts on that 
front? That's one.  
And the second question is, from a margin perspective in Lucknow, of course, we have come 
down a lot from our peak levels. I think last time you had mentioned that the recovery will be 
gradual. So some of these initiatives you spoke about, should we expect the recovery to continue 
to be gradual as far as our margin trajectory in Lucknow is concerned? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
I think Alankar, after having interacted with me for so long, you'll always know that my answer 
will always be that everything should be gradual. Nothing should be in radical terms. So I would 
not like to answer that question any other way, but to say that, look, everything that we do moves 
the organization forward in the right direction. 
 
The financial results that come out at the end of it are an outcome of our efforts. We don't run 
the company to deliver only the financial results. So I would say, look, allow us the time to get 
all the things that we need to do to make Lucknow finally a thousand-bed mature facility. We 
are still not there. While it has been five years, it's still a growing facility.  
We are still adding talent. We are still building beds. We are still adding equipment. We are 
investing in cath labs. We are investing in robots. We are investing in OT weld-outs. A lot of 
action is happening there. So I don't necessarily think that these things can be tracked. Now, let's 
say I start a new department. If that department takes off very suddenly, it's very hard to predict. 
If you bring in a new doctor, that doctor takes six, nine months to get up and running, that's 
absolutely fine. 
 
So I don't think that it's very easy for us to lay that forward, and neither are we hiring the 
clinician, thinking that, who can give me a financial return in the next three months? We look at 
hiring exceptionally talented doctors that will be with us for as long as possible and deliver very 
high-quality care. So that's how we've looked at it. That being said, yes, we've had a fairly 
positive momentum shift, potentially at faster than what other people would have expected.  
But it is not like we had a timeline in mind for this. We said, let's put our head down and get 
things fixed, especially where it was not done. And one of the most significant feedback, as you 
rightly mentioned, was this absence of a community connect. If you ask me, are we done with 
our community connect, I would say, no, not at all. We are just getting started.  

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
So I think that there's a lot more to do, and I would urge that people look at us as a more stable 
growth organization than radical organization on that front. The second thing that I would say is 
that when you look at the margin profile of Lucknow, as you are aware, we have a model which 
our doctors are all full-timers and are kind of on fixed models. So obviously, the volume growth 
has a very disproportionate impact on margin because our marginal cost to serve every 
incremental patient is potentially lower than others.  
So you can see that very clearly in the numbers when you look at quarter to quarter. As the 
volumes increase, we do believe that the margin profile will improve. So our focus is to continue 
to do that, continue to drive the growth of the organization through volumes as opposed to price. 
We still haven't taken a single tariff increase in Lucknow in five years. And that should give an 
indication of the approach and philosophy of the organization. 
Alankar Garude: 
Fair enough, Pankaj, that's helpful. The second question is, you briefly spoke about the ups and 
downs over the years at Gurgaon. Now, if you look at the next three to five years, there are 
roughly 3,000 beds coming up in the city by leading multi-specialty chains. So while we might 
have seen intermittent competition over the years, the intensity of competition coming up over 
the next, say, three to five years seems to be much higher than what we have ever seen in the 
past. So, I mean, firstly, how do you expect the supply-demand equation to evolve in the city? 
And secondly, how do we plan to ensure minimum doctor attrition in the market? Thank you. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Okay. So let me try to break that down into, I think, three different questions. The first one, let's 
talk about how do we think about the competition in the city or the Delhi NCR region? I think 
the first very important point is that we have to think of Delhi NCR as multiple different cities. 
So West Delhi behaves very differently from Noida, Noida behaves very differently from 
Gurgaon And I would assume that even Gurgaon behaves maybe differently from, say, South 
Delhi or East Delhi.  
So really, Delhi is such a huge population, or the Delhi region is such a huge population, is really 
multiple catchment areas within itself. Now, obviously, Medanta as an institution has always 
been lucky that we have been able to capture a patient base that extends far beyond Delhi NCR. 
I think I may have mentioned it before, almost more than 50% of the patients from Delhi in our 
Gurgaon facility come from outside the Gurgaon region. So we do get a lot of patients who come 
from out of town because of the nature of the institution that we are, which is the destination 
care that we've talked about. To the extent that continues, I don't see that, or I don't see any 
reason why that would drastically change because we will continue to be providing care at that 
standard. And so therefore, I think my only caution would be, don't look at it so simplistically 
to say that it's one city. It's not. 
 
The second thing is that when you look at the competitive intensity, see, it's not like there hasn't 
been competition before, there has. It's just that it has been less visible because the industry as a 
whole, less listed players, less awareness on what is happening with respect to the results. Maybe 
many were more private. It was more a private equity game. Today, it seems to be more of a 
capital game. There has also been a very clear shift of capital inflow into this industry, especially 
post COVID. 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
 
And so frankly, a lot more excitement from the financial community. I don't think that the, at 
least in our case as operators, we have really changed our thought, but it's been a lot more 
excitement and interest from the financial community. And therefore, the flow of capital has 
meant that people are interested in building hospitals. Now, as I've repeatedly maintained, 
building hospitals is easy. It just takes money and land. Running hospitals is far harder. 
 
And you see that with the respect to the number of hospitals not doing so well or coming up for 
sale. And there are people trying to make a quick buck and flip hospitals over two, three years. 
That game is not for us. So there will be this game that will happen. Keep in mind, adding 
capacity takes time. It takes three to four years to build out a hospital. It takes another two, three 
years to get that hospital stable.  
So it's not like all this capacity is coming tomorrow. Most of the capacity that has been 
announced, including ours, it has to come from the ground up. So you're talking three, four years 
before it's built. So if you look at the portfolio across healthcare chains, it's not like this capacity 
is coming on board in the next six months. It will take time. And even after it takes time, there 
will be a gestation period.  
So I don't worry at all about the capacity because the amount of time it takes, there will be a 
huge demand. Today, if we complete all the capacity announced by every player, tomorrow 
morning, it's still less from a supply-demand point of view. So supply-demand doesn't worry me 
at all.  
And the last point that I will say is that, look, the push towards quality healthcare is very real 
post-COVID. The paying power as the economy grows is improving. People feel the need for 
high-quality care. These are all very positive signs for the industry and for the economy and for 
the country. And again, I take you back 15 years ago when Medanta Gurgaon opened, people 
used to ask, what are you doing in Gurgaon? And today, people talk about Gurgaon as a 
healthcare hub. I mean, who do you think made it the healthcare hub? It is people like us, people 
like other peers who have come and built into these institutions. 
 
So the creation of these healthcare hubs is a good thing. It will add clinical talent. It will add 
availability of high-quality care for the communities. And hopefully, it will become a destination 
not only for India, but for patients from around the world. So I'm not at all worried. I think 
whatever is happening in healthcare growth is a good thing. And I think that if we double or 
triple it, it's still not enough for a country like us. 
Alankar Garude: 
Thank you, Pankaj. I had a small follow-up, but yes, maybe I'll come back in the queue. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumit Gupta from Centrum. Please go ahead. 
Sumit Gupta: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So just want to ask on the matured hospital side, so like what is 
driving the overall ARPOB growth? So is it the mix or what kind of prices that you have taken? 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So I don't know if you had kind of followed some of our earlier calls. You know, for many years, 
right after COVID, we hadn't taken much of a tariff increase. In fact, zero tariff increase. Starting, 
I believe, January 2023, if my dates are correct, we started to take small amounts of tariff increase 
across different specialties and that continued almost for a year. And that also includes some of 
the renegotiations with the insurance companies. 
 
So some of the growth which you're seeing in realization is because of the tariff increase that we 
took, over the course of let's say last one year, which is playing out both on the cash as well as 
on the insurance side. The other part of it is that, you know, there has been some amount of 
movement towards complex work. So we now actually have, as I mentioned in the comments, a 
second robot, Da Vinci Xi Robot in Gurgaon. 
 
So we are running two robots here. In fact, we used to have three and we may even add more 
than that to really build out a complete robotic program. So the complexity of the case mix is 
also laid out as one of the reasons. And as you start to get more and more complex work 
happening, you see that the ARPOBs of the realizations will grow. So I would say that it's a 
combination of a tariff increase that we've taken in Gurgaon and Indore. We haven't yet taken it 
in Ranchi and some amounts of increased complexity of work, things like robotics, things like 
some of our other complex procedures, TAVI procedures, have grown very significantly in 
cardiology. CAR T-cell is another example of a complex procedure in medical oncology and 
hematology, et cetera. So I think it's a combination of both of those things is what I would say. 
Sumit Gupta: 
And the second question, on the margin side of matured hospitals only. So over the next two to 
three years or four years down the line, how do you see the overall margin profile of matured 
hospitals increasing, considering you are deploying all the robotics and everything improving 
the ALOS? So just want to understand on that as well. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So I think we have to look at the overall margin profile of the matured hospitals in lights of three 
things. The first is that today we are operating these facilities at somewhere around a 67% - 68% 
occupancy level. So if you think about given our model, as I mentioned earlier, of fixed cost, 
every percentage point or two of increased occupancy, obviously adds disproportionately to the 
bottom line because of the marginal profitability model. 
 
The second thing, as I mentioned, is that if I look at it objectively, there are probably some 
inefficiencies in the system, whether it is material cost, whether it is manpower cost, et cetera, 
that can be pulled out of the system. And we should work on doing that. We've already started 
some activities on optimizing things around supply chain, et cetera. 
 
But one very important point as you build out your models, et cetera, to keep in mind is that our 
complete corporate costs and our shared services costs are fully loaded on our mature facilities, 
in fact, on our Gurgaon facilities. So to that extent, if you're comparing just hospital unit to 
hospital unit, these margins, which you see may be a little bit subdued because they include the 
corporate costs of the whole group, both on manpower side, as well as on other shared services 
side, like, call centers and IT and things like that. So these are the two, three things. 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
 
The other thing that I would say is that, look, we do believe that we should continue to remain 
conservative in our tariff increases. Obviously, the easiest way to bump up the margin is to take 
more aggressive tariff increases. If you look at our list tariff, we'll still be pretty low compared 
to some of the other players in the NCR region. But I would not assume that we will use tariff 
as an overly aggressive lever, just for the sake of boosting margins. I don't know if that answers 
your question.  
Sumit Gupta: 
Understood sir, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Thanks for the opportunity again. So on this Pitampura project, it is O&M, but at the same time, 
it's a JV. So if you could just firstly help us understand in terms of the overall project capex, and 
out of which, let's say we are willing to spend INR 600 crores, what kind of regulatory approvals 
would be required for this project? If you could share some more details related to this project, 
thanks. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Sure. Just to clarify, Tushar, the project is not a JV. It is a pure O&M transaction. The building, 
the land, everything will continue to be in the hands of the society. We have a contract to operate 
and manage the hospital. In fact, there was a complete process that was run by the society. We 
have been able to win that contract to operate this. And like with any other O&M, there's kind 
of a rent and a revenue share that will be paid out to the society.  
And we will have the complete autonomy for running the medical operations. But the society 
will continue to be the owner of the land, continue to be the owner of the building. And all the, 
you can say basic licenses which are pertaining to the site or the property, those will be kind of 
obtained by the society. And we will obviously take all the responsibility of the complete 
medical and operational aspects of the hospital. 
 
The site, as you would have read in the release, is about seven acres. The society actually also 
has an Ayurvedic facility over there, which they have the desire to scale up. And so on the same 
site, they may be putting their services in, which we've always believed is very complimentary 
to us. But on the Allopathic medicine site, Medanta will be running it as a pure O&M with a rent 
or a revenue share kind of a model being paid to them. 
Yogesh Gupta: 
And this Ayurvedic hospital will be outside of the Allopathic hospital of 750 beds. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Yes, so that will be outside of the scope of this contract. The society continues to run that on 
their own. As far as capex, I would assume that the partner would be putting in somewhere INR 
200 crores or maybe a little bit more, INR 200 - 250 crores of capex because they'll be putting 
up the civil structure, etcetera. And we will be putting in the services and the medical equipment 
and of course, the finishing to operate it. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Understood, sir. Thank you so much. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Alankar Garude from Kotak Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Alankar Garude: 
One question on Gurgaon again. Now, for any upcoming corporate hospital in Gurgaon, 
Medanta will be a key hunting ground for clinical talent. Now, we had seen about seven, eight 
years back impact of senior doctor attrition in this facility. So the question is, how do we plan 
on minimizing the impact this time around? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
I think Alankar, sorry, you may have asked that question earlier. I forgot to answer it. My 
apologies. So you're right. We did see three senior department heads leave in 2016 and all the 
three senior guys came back within two years. Something must have attracted them to come 
back to us. That being said, I think there are three, four things.  
One is that times are a little different now with the breadth of clinical talent that is available both 
within what Medanta has been able to develop, as well as what is available in the market or in 
the city. And interestingly, more talent continues to come into the Delhi NCR region. So I think 
that while talent is always in short supply and always the most critical, it's very different world 
from what it was, say, eight, ten years ago.  
The second point is, then I did mention this, I think in our last call. I do foresee in the industry 
across the board, not only in Delhi, this kind of war for talent, so to speak, across not only 
clinical, but maybe even non-clinical areas. And I do believe that this is something that has the 
potential to create this potential short-term orientation for increasing the cost on the clinical 
talent or this idea that people will look to us to coach.  
But I would only revert back to our last, maybe 12 months or so, forget now what's the exact 
timeline is. In a hospital that's 13 - 14 years old, we have still hired in very senior talent. If I 
recall, that was almost somewhere around 80 senior doctors that had been hired in last year in a 
13 - 14-year-old facility. So we have never stopped looking at high-quality talent. This is 
something that given our size and our scale and frankly, the growth that's coming up with our 
opportunities to move our talent across various parts of NCR and various parts of the network, 
we will continue to hire aggressively. 
 
But yes, we will, I'm sure, be a hunting ground. I guess in many ways, we should look at it that 
we should be flattered, that people feel that Medanta has the best clinicians around and they want 
to come and get them for us. But equally, we get a lot of positive impact from our clinicians 
saying that this is the most doctor-friendly institution in the healthcare space. So by and large, I 
think most of the doctors, I would hope, are happy to come and work with us.  
And only last thing I would add is that, yes, you have to compensate your doctors well, you have 
to respect them well and you have to give them the necessary platform. I don't think anybody 
has a better platform than Medanta across any of its units. And this is evident in the excitement 
that doctors are showing in joining us in Noida. So the hospital is not even open, but we're 
already starting to get lots and lots of inquiries, including from senior clinicians from across the 
private and government space. 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
 
So I think that there will be challenges in getting good talent across the industry given the number 
of hospitals coming up. But we feel we are probably at a position where we are one of the 
preferred employers of clinical talent.  
Alankar Garude: 
I understood. That's helpful, Pankaj. The other question is, you spoke about 85% odd mix in 
Lucknow from cash and insurance. Possible to comment on same mix in Patna? How has been 
the PPP offtake till now? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Lucknow actually may very well be more than 85%. I was actually referring to the group as a 
whole. Lucknow, I would say, has very little scheme business. Because I think the numbers 
which you are seeing in September don't even represent CGHS. We had taken Ayushman only 
in, I think, April or May. So very negligible scheme business, I would say, in Lucknow. 
 
I would assume it would be far higher than 85%, but we can double check on that and get back 
to you. I think that in Patna, we started out somewhere around 10% - 11%, if I'm not mistaken, 
of the PPP business, which is the only kind of scheme business we have. I think now it's probably 
heading up a little bit more, maybe closer to 15% - 20%. But I think about 80% of our business 
is still cash and insurance in Patna. 
Alankar Garude: 
And this is as a percentage of volumes, right? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
No, I'm talking about revenue. I would assume that volumes would actually be more or less the 
same. Actually, the realizations of our PPP business in Patna are pretty high. So it's 19% is the 
PPP volumes and 11% on revenue. 
Alankar Garude: 
Fair enough, understood. That's very helpful. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amey Chalke from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Amey Chalke: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have first question on the Medicity where we are building Guest 
Houses and we are spending around INR 250 crores for the same. The way I see it, it will help 
us obviously to generate revenue from the Guest House as well as it will help us to improve our 
patient mix towards international patients or the outside patients. 
 
Is that understanding, correct? And also in relation to that, if we can also provide international 
patient mix for the Medicity and number of guest houses we plan to or the rooms which we plan 
to build through this INR 250 crores spend. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Yes, so you may be aware that the Medicity campus is almost a 43-acre campus across our 
Gurgaon area with about 25 acres is the area for the hospital. And in the area which is the 25 
acres, we do intend to put up a medical school also. So the actual area which is utilized for the 
real hospital is only about 12 and a half acres currently. That being said, let me first touch on the 
guest house.  
The guest house land, which I believe is about six acres of land, we intend to actually use less 
than half of it. And we intend to put up a service apartment or a guest house. And as you very 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
rightly pointed out, it is not only for international patients, it is also for patients who come from 
out of town. Or to give you a very simple example, if you look at patients who come for 
chemotherapy, they may not even need to stay in the hospital. So they are staying in all kinds of 
unauthorized and unofficial guest houses here and there, which have no real standards or no real 
basis even on things like infection control, etcetera. 
 
So our ability to provide our patients and their families with a safe and reasonable 
accommodation was the driving force behind moving this and that was part of the original plan 
of Medicity. That's why the name is about medical city, right. And what we've done is that we've 
decided to go ahead and do this ourselves. And actually work out possibly different types of 
rooms. Some may have even extended stay facilities. 
 
So in a scenario where you are running short of beds and patients could be discharged one or 
two days early, or they require some kind of home care or extended stay support that also can 
be provided. So I think there are many, many options that are available to us. How we actually 
utilize this facility. And what you see increasing are the trends around extended care, elderly 
care, assisted living. So there are lots of options that play out once this facility is up. 
 
And then of course, even some of the supportive facilities and nice big hall for CMEs, etcetera. 
There are many things that add to the entire campus and fit in fairly seamlessly. So we feel pretty 
good about putting this up. 250 keys is what we're planning right now. And we'll see how it goes. 
Like I said, we are building on less than half of the actual land. So if it is a success, maybe we 
need to scale it up. 
Amey Chalke:  
Sure. What will be the rough timeline for this? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Well, normally it takes about three to four years for anything to get up and running. Obviously 
a little less complex than building a hospital because you don't have office rooms and all those 
fancy things inside. But I think three to four is a good timeline for you to think about. 
Amey Chalke:  
Sure. And the second thing which you also mentioned is about the medical college. Is it any plan 
in place in terms of number of seats, anything to spend? Because that has not been disclosed on 
the present. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So medical college is something we're very excited about actually. The reason it has not been 
disclosed is because the drawings and the finalization of that is not exactly confirmed yet. We've 
actually put in applications to the state government for moving this process forward. And as you 
may be aware, subsequent to that, NMC will require to get your approval from. The way it works 
is that in your first year you can only get application, you can only get approval for 100 seats. 
Now that can scale up. 
 
There are some changes that are coming in the various guidelines for medical schools after the 
NMC has taken over from the erstwhile MCI. So earlier you could go up to 200 seats or so. I 
think now that number is 150, but you have to start with 100. That's the rule that we have. So if 
you think about it from the point of view of five-year undergraduate program, that would be 500 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
students, plus if you think about a two-year postgraduate program after that, and then a super 
specialized program. So I think these are things that are still being worked out. 
 
What we believe is that the medical school building will probably be somewhere around 4 lakh 
or 5 lakh square feet of build-out area out of the total one million square feet of FSI, which is 
left for us on the 25 acres of the hospital medical school area. So about less than half of that we 
are utilizing. And I think our estimate is that 4 lakhs building like that should probably also cost 
somewhere around INR 250 crores, maybe thereabouts INR 300 crores, let's say, if you budget. 
Amey Chalke:  
The third question I have is related to the ARPOB and the casework mix movement in the second 
half. You expect it to be better for developing hospital or what could be the trend in the second 
half for the developing hospital? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Sorry, just to clarify, not only for you, but for everybody on the call, the Investor Presentation 
does actually have the capex laid out of INR 300 crores for the medical school on slide 23. Could 
you repeat your question in terms of ARPOB for? 
Amey Chalke:  
ARPOBs and case mix for developing hospital, you expect them to be better in the second half 
of FY25? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
I mean, I don't know that I would classify something as better or worse. The way I think about 
this is that the case mix is a function of three things, right? First is that depending on what you're 
defining, first is the actual specialties. So if you look at our last six months in Lucknow, there 
are certain specialties that didn't really even exist. One example is plastic surgery. This specialty 
didn't exist really. It's come in, I think in the last three to four months, grown very quickly. And 
so to the extent that new specialties get added, I do see that the case mix may change. I don't 
consider one specialty or another to be better or worse, because I think it really depends on what 
metric you're looking at. If you look at ARPOB, you may say somewhat secondary care 
specialties with shorter length of stay may be better. If you're looking at how complex is the 
work, you may say that transplant is better, but may have a longer length of stay. So I'm not sure 
what your definition is. 
 
The second thing is that depending on some of the clinical talent additions that we have, because 
in addition to new specialties, we are actually hiring second, third teams in existing specialties. 
And that will change as those specialties come on board. So obviously if I hire a second doctor 
in cardiology or cardiac surgery or neurology, that grows as the doctor comes on board. So that 
will change over time.  
And the third thing, of course, is the complexity of the cases. So with a robot coming into 
Lucknow, you now have robotic cases, which wasn't there for the last three, four years. So that 
changes, although it's the same specialty, the nature of treatment within the specialty changes. I 
think that the way in which I would answer this for us as Medanta and for Lucknow in general, 
is that when we think about taking a hospital from 400 beds to 750 beds, and then from 750 beds 
to about 950 beds, you are continually adding in what is the service needs and what are the 
patient needs of that area.  

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Now, we did not anticipate, for example, two years ago or one and a half years ago, this much 
of a demand for our mother and child services. But it has been far greater than what we 
anticipated. And therefore, we may give them additional space. In a similar scenario, we may 
see things as we build out from 700 to 900, that may change, it may move on. 
 
So we are not going to be adding in specialties or changing case mix purely to drive one financial 
metric like ARPOB or revenue or anything like that. It would be totally dependent on the need 
of the community, and what is the clinical talent that we are able to put into place to deliver and 
service that need. The financial outcome will be what it is. 
Amey Chalke:  
Sure, sure. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sumit Gupta from Centrum. Please go ahead. 
Sumit Gupta:  
Hi, thanks for the opportunity again. So I was talking about the international patient revenue 
mix. So basically, pre-COVID it was at around 11% to 12%. Now that we have, like post-
COVID, it is stabilized around 6%. So going forward, how do we see the international patient 
contributing to the overall revenue over the next three to four years, considering the majority of 
the incremental bed capacity is also going to come in Delhi NCR only? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So, Sumit, I think first of all, let me just clarify some of the numbers. Pre-COVID was really 
only Gurgaon and maybe to some extent Indore and Ranchi. So international business is only 
really in Gurgaon. As Lucknow and Patna contribute to the total pool, the share of international 
business will naturally reduce. And that's why you're seeing it as 6% because of the fact that 
Lucknow and Patna don't have any international business.  
Definitely as NCR facilities come on board, there should be an increase in the share of 
international business that comes on board, because obviously Delhi will get a much larger share 
of international patients than Lucknow or Patna. And there is now an airport coming up in Noida, 
which I'm told will get activated within the year. Then there is Delhi facility that we have, which 
will have international patients and of course, let's not forget our Mumbai facility, which will 
also have access to international patients. 
 
So I think as the units and the cities where those units are, that profile changes, our international 
patient profile will grow. That being said, international business is also dependent on a lot of 
external geopolitical factors. Afghanistan was a big source of international patients. For India, 
that has become basically zero. These days, we see challenges in Bangladesh, which is another 
big source of international business. So I think that international business will be there. But given 
what happens across various countries that goes up and down as well. So obviously, the core 
will be the baseline domestic business. 
Sumit Gupta:  
So just one follow up. So basically, considering the geopolitical situation in Bangladesh, so how 
much of this Bangladesh contributed to your international revenue? Second is, if there is any 
negative, then have you shifted your focus towards other countries also? 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So the way in which it works, Sumit, is that we regularly look at all the various countries that 
we can attract, right? And we try to look at certain newer, challenging markets. So for example, 
Medanta gets a lot of patients from say Rwanda, right? Now, this is not a very well-known 
country that sends too many international patients to India. But we index quite highly on that. 
Similarly, we used to be one of the only few hospitals that was getting patients from the CIS 
countries. 
 
As those markets opened up, many more people have followed us into those countries. And this 
will kind of continue. So I think that there's a lot of factors that play. Sometimes the government 
of a particular country will be very keen to interact and engage with the government of India 
through ministerial functions, and that opens up a pipeline. I think just Bangladesh's familiarity 
with India and the way in which patients and the seamless movement of the populations was 
obviously one of the reasons why it was one of the leading and the maximum number of medical 
visas in India were given to Bangladesh.  
But again, it's such a negligible part of our total business. I don't think it moves the needle in any 
which way. And I'm sure Bangladesh will come back. These are temporary blips. But our focus 
is not that we are not looking at Africa, Middle East, CIS, we continue to look at all these regions. 
And I'm sure Bangladesh will stabilize and come back into the fold because these places don't 
have the kind of care and clinical care that we can offer. 
Sumit Gupta:  
Thank you, sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. I will now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Thank you, everyone. I know it's late on a Thursday evening, but thank you for your questions 
and for joining us today. As we conclude this call, I'd just like to reiterate our commitment to 
delivering excellence in healthcare, advancing our mission to provide world class medical 
services, and also making sure that we are doing this with a slightly longer term, high quality, 
high ethics ecosystem and values that we have always talked about. 
 
As we look ahead, we are very excited about the various opportunities that we've outlined, 
whether it is the new facility and partnership in Pitampura or Bombay, or some of the other cities 
that we have outlined in the various interactions that we've had. 
 
We remain focused on delivering what we have always said, strengthening our core services in 
our existing facilities, expanding our reach and patient care into newer areas where we believe 
we can make a difference and driving sustainable ethical growth. Thank you for joining us once 
again. And please feel free to reach out to our Investor Relations team, in case any questions 
have remained unanswered. Thank you. 
 
Notes: 
1. 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
2. 
No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written 
consent of Global Health Limited  
