                                                               
 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
(formerly known as Harsha Engineers International Private Limited and Harsha Abakus Solar Private Limited) 
CIN : L29307GJ2010PLC063233 
Corporate & Registered Office: Sarkhej - Bavla Road, Changodar, Ahmedabad, Sanand - 382213, Gujarat, India. 
Tel.: +91-2717-618200   Fax: +91-2717-618259   E-mail: sec@harshaengineers.com   URL: www.harshaengineers.com 
HEIL/SE-55/2024-25 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
To, 
To, 
The Manager (Listing), 
The Manager (Listing), 
The BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze  Jeejeebhoy  Towers, 
"Exchange Plaza", C-l, Block - G, 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Script Code No. : 543600 
Symbol : HARSHA 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub   :     Transcript of Earning Call for the quarter ended September 30, 2024  
Ref   :     Regulation   30   of   SEBI   (Listing   Obligations   and   Disclosure   Requirements) 
                Regulations, 2015 
 
With reference to subject matter and pursuant to regulation 30 of the SEBI ((Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the earning call for 
the quarter ended September 30, 2024 conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on 
November 11, 2024. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at www.harshaengineers.com 
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR HARSHA ENGINEERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED  
 
 
Kiran Mohanty 
Company Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer 
MEM NO. : F9907 
 
Kiran Kumar 
Mohanty
Digitally signed by Kiran Kumar Mohanty 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=7613, 
2.5.4.20=b85b3e76e0dadd564619fa94c1b306d1a94b319885df6fffee
2134a3b7ff9485, postalCode=390010, st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=033b12d75ce929aa7a80b3cdff91c6bc9da1bcd13756
846bbefb9bd9232e6c2c, cn=Kiran Kumar Mohanty 
Date: 2024.11.14 22:26:14 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“Harsha Engineers International Limited Q2 FY-25 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VISHAL RANGWALA – CEO, HARSHA ENGINEERS 
INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
MR. MAULIK JASANI – VP, FINANCE, HARSHA 
ENGINEERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY MAJUMDAR – STRATEGIC ADVISOR - 
HARSHA ENGINEERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to Harsha Engineers International Limited 
Conference call. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vishal Rangwala – CEO of the Company. Thank you and 
over to you sir.  
Vishal Rangwala: 
Dear all hi, this is Vishal Rangwala here and I would like to welcome you to our Quarter 2 
FY2025 Investor Call. 
I would like to wish you all a Very Happy and Prosperous New Year. As we have been doing in 
the past, Maulik will take you through the numbers in greater detail and I am presuming that you 
would have had a chance to look at the numbers already. 
At the outset, I would like to mention that historically Quarter 2 is a subdued quarter for us, both 
in terms of top line growth as well as in terms of margins. Whereas fourth quarter is usually our 
strongest quarter at Harsha. If I talk about Quarter 2 Financial Year 2025, it's a mixed bag for 
us. While India is more or less in line though not fully up to our expectation and while China is 
looking better, we continue to face challenges as much as Europe is concerned in this quarter 
and we have also seen demand from us softening significantly.  
Let me talk of our principal vertical starting with Harsha India Engineering business: 
First and foremost, I am happy to inform that bronze bushing business has continued to be strong 
positive for Harsha. Thus, in Quarter 2 sales of bronze bushing, we were around 24 crores and 
full first half sales for bushing is about 44 crores. This is very much in line or little bit better 
than our expectation. Going further, we see equally strong run rate as far as bushing is concerned. 
If I talk further about India cage business; cage demand coming from India there is a decent 
growth in Quarter 2, almost 15% over Quarter 2 previous year. However, export from India have 
remained stagnant with some minor degrowth again, largely attributed to continued soft demand 
from our key market of Europe. We have also seen some demand slowdown in US market.  
Further overall industrial demand in all key market is also down. We believe that Q2 overall 
slowdown is also a function of inventory reduction, destocking exercise being undertaken by our 
key customers both in India as well as outside India in view of demand reduction as well as to 
preserve liquidity. We expect the normal purchasing to resume sometime soon and likely peak 
in Quarter 4 onwards in terms of demand normalization and based on this, we expect the second 
half of the current financial year particularly Quarter 4 to be relatively strong. Therefore, I am 
pretty confident that India Engineering business should grow positively in current financial year.  

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
Moving on to our other pillars: 
While progress on the major outsourcing project in Europe is continuing, it may still take some 
time for us to conclude that exercise and now given the usual challenges we face in such projects. 
Again, we remain very much excited about positive impact of China Plus One given major 
expansion undertaken by our customers in India. Thus, we have already started seeing increase 
in order inflow from customers who have already started their facilities in India in response to 
this as well as we expect some to start coming few quarters as other customers commence their 
production.  
On the flip side of the growth; the large size bearing cage segment is still not picking up given 
that the major end user segment, the wind as well as the industrial segment is very soft. The 
business from Japan based customer is also a little bit flat this quarter and below our expectation. 
However, this is not a structural issue but it's more of a function of markets we served in, these 
Japan based customers specifically in Europe and American regions and some of the orders 
which are taking longer for conversion. Lastly the stamping business again continues to grow 
quite satisfactory.  
As I mentioned earlier China is distinctly looking better with steady improvement in 
performance and positive profitability that we achieved in Quarter 2 and first half financial year 
‘25. We expect China to grow significantly in current fiscal year, both in terms of top line as 
well as in terms of profitability as compared to last financial year. However, Romania prospects 
continue to remain bleak, so we are working very hard on the strategy for improving the product 
mix in Romania by pursuing more cages, both from our existing customers as well as the new 
customers that we are in the process of acquiring. However, I am afraid that in spite of best of 
our effort, we may not be in position to achieve operating breakeven in Romania in current 
financial year given the fact that overall demand challenges and also the global volatility and 
geopolitical tension and supply chain related challenges are continuing. However, on a combined 
basis between our two key subsidiaries, I expect the losses to be reduced in current financial 
year, thanks to a strong positive contribution that has started to come from China.  
Now if I talk about our solar business: 
Quarter 2 we saw one of positive profit contribution to the extent of about 1.5 crores which has 
pushed up our EBITDA and PAT margins in Quarter 2. However, on an annual basis I believe 
that Solar business will continue to remain normal positive profit range given strong policy level 
impetus resulting into continued strong demand that we are seeing in this segment. However as 
indicated earlier, Solar Division is operating on its own without any material additional capital 
contribution or additional management bandwidth support from the top. 
To Conclude: 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
I believe that we will achieve at least higher single digit top line growth in India Engineering 
business but on a consolidated basis top line growth could be in a mid-single digit range for the 
current financial year. However, as we have indicated in the past, the bottom-line growth would 
be much higher, more or less in line with our current run rate what we have achieved in the first 
half Financial Year 2025. 
I would like to express my thanks to all of you for continued trust and confidence and I wish you 
all a very good evening. Over to you Maulik bhai for further numbers.  
Maulik Jasani: 
Thank you Vishal bhai. Hello everyone and good evening. Wishing you all a happy and 
prosperous New Year. 
For the quarter ended September ‘24, for the engineering business at consolidated level we have 
achieved top line of 310 crores against a top line of 327 crores in the immediate previous quarter 
and 298 crores in the same quarter last year. Our consolidated EBITDA for Engineering business 
remained at Rs. 50.2 crores for this quarter against 40.5 crores in the same quarter last year. On 
the back of the raw material price pass through and also backed by Europe slowdown as well as 
product mix impact, our EBITDA margin has been lower compared to previous quarter. Our 
Solar business have achieved a revenue of 42.6 crores and EBITDA of 3.68 crores and the solar 
continue to have a good order level. As Vishal has mentioned, we have one-off revenue in the 
Solar in this quarter and he has already given the number of around 1.5 crores.  
Overall, our working capital cycle at consolidated level is around 151 days against 153 days in 
the previous quarter and the Company at a consolidated level has incurred a CAPEX of 34.7 
crores in this quarter. 
With this brief on the “Financials” and the “Presentation” uploaded on the sites I now request 
operator to take the Q&A from participants. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Harshit Patel from Equirus Securities.   
Harshit Patel: 
My first question is, recently we have witnessed a pressure on gross margins for bearing 
manufacturers, the likes of Schaeffler as well as Timken. So, is that pressure being passed on to 
us by these OEMs or the domestic pricing levels are pretty much normal only? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
We are seeing some pressure on that front. Some we are able to address and a big chunk of it is 
automatic pass through because of the material pass through mechanism in place. So, yes, there 
is some pressure on that but nothing I would say out of ordinary. Normally when there is a 
demand shrinkage that pressure comes in.  
Harshit Patel: 
Secondly the greenfield CAPEX which is to be commissioned in 4Q FY25 and as per the press 
release, it is also pretty much on track. Now given that this CAPEX is more skewed towards the 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
high margin products like bushings, LSB cages, plastic cages etc. So, will that give a substantial 
boost to our overall margin profile when fully commissioned?  
Vishal Rangwala: 
I would not be able to exactly say, all those products are a high relatively high margin but that's 
our general sense. Having said that there is a lot of mix of product also what we are planning to 
produce at the third site. Now this investment because this is a completely greenfield project and 
as in there is a gestation period of ramp up of demand as well as of production ramp up as well. 
So, in long term, I believe that this should be positive for us but difficult to fully answer where 
it should be significant, I mean significantly positive from like some any specific quarter or 
otherwise. That's the general what I can share.  
Sanjay Majmudar: 
And just to add, in the first phase what we are adding is actually on the bushings and the 
stampings as the main production. But then there is an overall infrastructure cost also that is 
being loaded on the first phase. So, I think the margin profile of the greenfield will in a medium 
to long term remain more or less in range of what we are delivering at India level.  
Harshit Patel: 
Lastly recently Schaeffler globally, they have started a substantial manufacturing footprint 
consolidation which is pretty much highlighted in their recent Earnings Call as well. So, they 
are reducing the overall number of plants at the global level. So, are we in any way positively or 
negatively impacted by these measures?  
Vishal Rangwala: 
There are few projects ongoing which are related to some outsourcing as part of this 
consolidation strategy they have. Partly we believe that what they are doing in India at Savli 
could be a part of that strategy of consolidation from multiple European facilities which is 
response to China Plus One sourcing kind of thing from Schaeffler. So, I don't have a specific 
answer, but in general we believe we are a good beneficiary of that, what they are working on. 
We have been working with them on overall consolidation of their cage supply chain as well for 
a while now.  
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Shirom Kapur from PL Capital.   
Shirom Kapur: 
I just wanted to add a few questions regarding some data points that you could help me with. 
One would be what was the sales for your stamp component in Q2 and H1? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
So, our stamping business for H1 remains around 25.5 crores.  
Shirom Kapur: 
Just another question now on your Japan sales, when you said flat this quarter you mean YOY 
or QOQ? And how is it developing and when you also mentioned it's not a structural issue, it's 
some market related maybe some timing issues. Could you clarify a little bit further on what's 
happening in Japan and how you expect that to pick up if not in FY25 but then in FY26 and 
beyond?  
Vishal Rangwala: 
What specifically we mentioned are two things. I'll clarify that, one there are projects which are 
ongoing which takes sometimes the ramp up happens in one quarter and then we face a ramp up 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
challenge or initial issues. So, those are the initial ramp up challenges we face when it comes to 
inducting new customer. Second part what we mentioned specifically because when we talk 
about Japan, what we say is a Japan origin customer and these customers we are serving them 
in various markets not only Japan as a country and we are seeing some significant slowdown of 
their offtake in Europe and America looking at overall market conditions. So, the growth is not 
there because of the overall market condition. And then there are few projects which are getting 
softer start versus what we have anticipated.  
Shirom Kapur: 
So, it seems that the slowdown in Europe has been going on for the past few quarters but now 
America is seeing a slowing down as well. Could you clarify a little bit on what exactly causing 
the slowdown? Is it as a result of just lower demand from the customer side where they're 
experiencing low demand or could you just basically give more color on the slowdown in 
America?  
Vishal Rangwala: 
Specifically, I am not able to, all we can share is what we are seeing from our customer. And 
our customers are they're asking for lower as compared to what they had earlier projected as well 
as what they were picking up earlier. And there is also an element of because of overall economic 
slowdown we feel, that they are trying to reduce inventory and conserve cash so that we believe 
it's a combination of all those is we are seeing a lower demand from our customer across Europe 
and America.  
Shirom Kapur: 
But is this expected to correct anytime soon or do you see this as a long-term sort of impact on 
our business?  
Vishal Rangwala: 
Basically, we are starting to see some normalization related to all those inventory corrections 
when a significant market demand is going down, we see our customer doing further correction 
on the inventory they hold. And so, we see a little bit higher impact versus actual demand 
correction. We are now seeing some normalization of the demand based on those over correction 
or inventory correction mostly already taken place. And we expect that by Quarter 4 January-
February-March we expect that normalization would have fully taken place. So, we are looking 
at that improvement in Quarter 4.  
Shirom Kapur: 
And if I could just squeeze in one last question. It’s in a recent interview NBC Bearings which 
is believed a big bearing Company in India has announced that for the next 4 years they're trying 
to incur around 750 crores of CAPEX to expand the facilities. And I just want to know if this is 
something that could benefit Harsha because they’re planning to increase capacity almost 50% 
over the next 2-3 years. So, how could this benefit Harsha and whether this has even been 
factored into your kind of growth projections for the next couple of years? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
So, we also understand that being the case and NBC Bearing or the Company NEI is a big 
customer for Harsha, a very respected customer for us and we believe that we will definitely 
benefit out of that. We offer such a diverse portfolio of product and competency we have within 
this bearing cage segment. So, that we are feeling quite confident, or we are highly confident 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
that whatever their requirements are, we can fulfill, take care of it from a technical point of view 
as well as commercial point of view. Now I don't have a specific but also, we believe that they 
would potentially be a beneficiary of this whole China Plus One deployment by automotive 
industry or other industry. We see that definitely benefiting us because we are one of their key 
suppliers for when it comes to bearing cages.  
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Jason Soans from IDBI Capital.   
Jason Soans: 
I just wanted to understand, you had spoken very strongly about the bronze bushing segment last 
quarter, also of course you were on target for probably reaching 80 to 85 crores of top line in the 
bronze bushing segment. So, any more incremental information on that? And you said that the 
wind market Europe is still subdued. So, just wanted to have an update on that market in terms 
of the windmill market how is it going in Europe?  
Vishal Rangwala: 
As far as what information we have when it comes to cages in the wind market specifically, we 
are seeing demand is still subdued when it comes to Europe. However, based on the input from 
our customer the wind market remains strong in India. Also, the strength of the bushing is 
coming from the fact that it is a conversion where it's more product sold in the market with 
bushing as a rolling element. So, that's what is going on there and the reason for growth in that 
segment. But overall other than India we see or at least what we hear from our customer that 
wind market remains still weak with some pockets of improvement visible.  
Jason Soans: 
I just wanted to understand of course we are a consolidated entity. So, now one thing just wanted 
to understand in terms of standalone revenues I believe when you look at Harsha, I think around 
45% comes from exports. And if those numbers are right just wanted to understand how much 
comes from Europe us and the rest of the world? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Out of exports or out of? 
Maulik Jasani:  
Sorry Jason? 
Jason Soans: 
Maulik bhai actually for the standalone entity I just wanted to know the domestic and the exports 
figure and in that exports what regions contribute what percentage?  
Maulik Jasani: 
So, as mentioned in our investor presentation, this quarter around 42.7% is export from our 
standalone revenue and out of our overall standalone revenue roughly, I am just giving you a 
ballpark number, around 20%-22% is Europe. US is around 7% to 8% and China is around again 
7% to 8%. 
Jason Soans: 
So, this is break up for the exports. And anything else Maulik bhai in this? And the rest is rest is 
rest of the world that way? 
Maulik Jasani: 
Majority goes to Japan. out of the rest Japan, Southeast Asia and Japan.  

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
Vishal Rangwala: 
And then the biggest market still remains India.  
Maulik Jasani: 
India is the best obviously.  
Sanjay Majmudar: 
So, just a clarification, Maulik bhai. These are the percentages of total sales or composition of 
export sales. I think what Jason wanted. So, Jason that is where the confusion is. So, this is the 
percentage of the total sales. 
Jason Soans: 
So, it's basically a breakup of the 43%, 20% to 22% Europe, 8% US, China 8% and Japan and 
Southeast Asia. So, 57% coming from India basically for the standalone entity? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
That's right.  
Jason Soans: 
And just my next question is actually just wanted to understand, of course when you look at the 
other pieces it's China and Romania subsidiaries which are the main one for you. So, when you 
look at China, is that only catering to the domestic China market or are you looking at exports 
from that entity also? And same question goes to Romania also, Romania I believe will be a hub 
for Europe to the surrounding areas. But just wanted to know about China. How is the strategy 
there? Is it only catering to the domestic market or are you looking at us like an export hub for 
other countries as well?  
Vishal Rangwala: 
China's main focus is China market. We do sell it to some customers outside China but it remains 
less than 5% and for Europe same main focus is European market. And that's where most of the 
product is going, most of the customers are located. In addition to those entities selling in the 
local market of China and Europe, we significantly send what numbers we just talked about a 
few minutes back. We send a lot of products from India to China as well as India to Europe.  
Jason Soans: 
And just needed your view on this, of course we serve the bearings customers the biggest. And 
you have a very good market share for bearing cages also from them. Of course, long term story 
being strong, I understand. But I wanted to understand how do you look at, I mean there is clearly 
some weakness going on in the bearing segment even in the domestic side. And of course, 
Europe and all is weak itself. Do you see any green shoots going ahead or do you think this is 
just seasonal structure? We are still on the uptrend but probably seasonal, there's some 
slowdown. Just your views on it and basically Europe again remains to be a pain point for other 
players as well. So, any reason as such you see for the slowdown? And again, now again if I 
look at it connected economically, China also was facing a slowdown or stimulus measures are 
being given. Do you see any such measures giving because Europe also has been soft for a very 
long time, so anything which will probably boost our market there? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
I think for us to predict on the economic front what will happen, it's difficult. Having said that 
as you rightly said definitely, we feel that whatever this specific year the Chinese market is doing 
much better versus earlier, could be due to stimulus or otherwise. We believe that Europe is 
already in a tough spot for almost 1 year and it's a matter of time when it will revive. We are 
fairly confident but not able to fully predict exactly how that happens. And to your question 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
about are we seeing any structural shifts, not really as yet but we are seeing few things. I am sure 
you might have seen globally SKF from separating out industrial and automotive. Schaeffler 
also in face of this difficult situation reorganizing, including the merger with Vitesco, so a lot of 
things happening within our customer. Yes, it could happen as you said some shift could come 
about but right now; we are yet to see that.  
Jason Soans: 
And just lastly so just wanted to understand, if possible, I mean when you again look at it from 
your subsidiary perspective, the Romanian subsidiary in FY24, it basically yielded a PBT margin 
of around (- 4%) because it is a loss. So, going ahead any guidance or anything, you want to give 
structurally, I understand you said in the opening comments that you're looking at basically 
reducing the losses but any more specific guidance if possible. You already mentioned China 
has been doing well and just because Romania is a bigger piece in terms of revenue and 
profitability. So, just wanted to understand how is that going, any guidance on that front? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
So, Jason, the problem here is in Romania our strategy is that you see we are trying to move 
away a little bit in terms of product mix with more cages coming in. So, we are trying to add 
new customers. We are also negotiating with our existing key customer to buy more of cages 
and the talks are positively moving. So, I don't see really a top line growth possible even in near 
term in Romania. In fact, this year there would be a little bit of a negative top line growth. But 
hopefully by the fourth quarter if our cage starts picking up even if the demand remains more or 
less stagnant, we should be able to try to see whether the margins can become positive. So, this 
year really, it's ruled out. Next year we are internally hoping that we will be able to stop losses. 
Again, beyond that today to do any prediction is like gazing a crystal ball and we don't have that. 
But it's just trying to tighten the belts, improve the product mix, reduce the losses and see whether 
we can because in an ideal situation I should have talked about an 8%-9% EBITDA in Romania. 
Today we are talking of reaching the positive EBITDA margin first and then we will talk of 
growth. So, it's really a tough thing. But yes, we have a strategy in place and we are working on 
it.  
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Shirom Kapur from PL Capital.   
Shirom Kapur: 
I just wanted to get a couple more data points. If you could share the revenue and EBITDA 
figures for Romania and China individually for Q2 and for H1.  
Maulik Jasani: 
So, Shirom as we have informed in the previous investor call also, for the overseas subsidiaries 
we prefer to give a combined numbers and that's what we have given also in our investor 
presentation and even our results in the segment information.  
Shirom Kapur: 
And if I could also just maybe this has been a guessed in the past but your greenfield CAPEX 
that you're doing with Harsha Advantek and you're adding new additional capacity for your 
existing products with this bronze bushings, large size cages and stamped components. Just want 
to understand the rationale for it kind of being part of a new subsidiary as opposed to just a 
regular expansion of your existing business. And this is more from the perspective of going 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
forward when we were to see a consolidated minus standalone numbers, it won't just reflect your 
Romania and China numbers but it would likely also include Harsha Advantek numbers right 
after the plant is commissioned. So, I am just wondering maybe going forward whether you'd be 
giving some sort of bifurcation and how just to understand the thought process behind this being 
under a subsidiary as well.  
Maulik Jasani: 
One subsidiary will be in a fully operational, although it has started doing operation in the offsite. 
But it is still on a very minuscule level. And once it is fully operational, we will decide how to 
share those numbers with the investors. And on the rational yes, this is our incremental business 
where we see a good amount of growth prospects and although in our existing line of business 
both bushings as well as LSB were a very small pie in the overall existing business which we 
see that it has a potential to grow and hence we need incremental setup and capacities over there 
and that is the reason it qualifies for the new site. And same is the logic with the stamping which 
is very small business as you are aware. And we see that there is a great potential over there also 
to expand these business lines and hence we have decided a separate site and separate Company 
for the same.  
Vishal Rangwala: 
But just to add Maulik bhai, it's anyway going to be a part of engineering and others India.  
Maulik Jasani: 
Exactly.  
Vishal Rangwala:  
It will be consolidated with India. So, you will always have India is of one clear number and 
then the overall consolidated. So, you should be able to clearly decipher how things are moving. 
Should not be a problem.  
Shirom Kapur: 
So, the numbers in the presentation of India will going forward always include the new 
subsidiary as well? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Yes, obvious.  
Maulik Jasani: 
We will ensure that number is communicated well.  
Shirom Kapur: 
I appreciate that clarity and just if I could ask follow up is, as we saw this quarter the exports 
definitely from India have declined considerably. But from your domestic sales within India 
have seen quite a good improvement. And I am just wondering from a long-term perspective 
how you see the growth in India? I know there's with China Plus One and outsourcing 
opportunity taking place. So, can we see the sort of sustainable 15%-20% growth happening in 
India going forward and some of the sales within India, given your new subsidiary coming up 
as well? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
We are not giving any specific guidance for next year.  
Vishal Rangwala: 
But I think I will take that as a directional. We see very positive growth so far as well as we 
expect that positive growth or good significant growth will continue. As Sanjay bhai mentioned, 

 
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
we don't have a specific guidance right now and we do not intend to share that. But all those 
drivers as you mentioned, our customers drive towards China Plus One and bushing business 
growth which is currently focused on an Indian market specifically. All that will definitely drive 
that number positive is what we feel.  
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Just to add, we are very bullish on India and India can definitely grow at around 20% but I think 
it's a bit early for us. But let's wait. We are very hopeful that we are working on a lot of projects 
also. Those things can definitely be very aggressive at India level but we will have to see how 
globally things pan out. That's why we said that we will probably want to wait for some more 
time.  
Shirom Kapur: 
And one last question on your subsidiary, the margins that you saw at subsidiary levels if you 
were to bifurcate the consolidated India and then coming to subsidiary number, the margins that 
we saw there last three quarters after Q2 last year we see them be positive around 3%-3.5% at 
EBITDA level. But this quarter specifically it's come back down to seems like less than 1% as 
per the calculations that we've seen. So, is there any reason why this particular quarter we've 
seen a jump even though it had been—I understand the commentary is still we can from the 
Romania perspective but—even sequentially from the last three quarters till now this quarter 
specifically we see the decline. So, any particular thing that's happened this quarter that's further 
impacted the profitability in the subsidiaries?  
Maulik Jasani: 
So, basically you rightly said Shirom as said in the commentary, mainly on account of Europe 
slowdown including the Romania performance and also because of the price pass through 
mechanism because the last quarter we had a benefit of the lower price procurement which has 
been passed through in this quarter and which has been square off. 
Moderator: 
We do not have any questions in the queue at this moment. I would like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Vishal Rangwala for closing comments. Over to you sir.  
Vishal Rangwala: 
Thank you. Again, ladies and gentlemen really appreciate you joining this call today to get an 
update about Harsha’s Quarter 2 and we hope you have a good day and good evening.  Thank 
you very much.  
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Harsha Engineers International Ltd., that concludes this conference.  
Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.  
