   
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
Registered & Corporate Office:  
05GBD, Godrej Business District, Pirojshanagar, 
LBS Road, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai 400079. India 
Tel: +91 7304575254 
W: www.crompton.co.in  CIN: L31900MH2015PLC262254 
 
 
 
Date: November 21, 2024 
 
To, 
BSE Limited (“BSE”), 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
2nd Floor, New Trading Ring, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(“NSE”), 
“Exchange Plaza”, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra- Kurla Complex Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
BSE Scrip Code: 539876 
NSE Symbol: CROMPTON 
ISIN: INE299U01018 
ISIN: INE299U01018 
Our Reference: 176/2024-25 
Our Reference: 176/2024-25 
 
   Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:   Disclosure under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015) – Transcript of Earnings Call 
  
With reference to our earlier intimations dated November 09, 2024, and November 14, 2024, 
regarding the Earnings Call on the Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2024, held on November 14, 2024, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of 
the same.  
 
You are requested to take the above information on your record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
 
 
 
Rashmi Khandelwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS – 28839  
 
Encl: A/a 
Rashmi 
Khandelwal
Digitally signed by Rashmi Khandelwal 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
pseudonym=e2fb884f576f4e1cb24fce1889a4
2c05, 
2.5.4.20=5da9433664eafa69d23a314f5c20da4
5b8c4392b456b9ff24d4c3b398bc97a9d, 
postalCode=400079, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=847b14bda041d6dbff9751936
3528ffafbe2af6889746847c8868c38c9be8da4, 
cn=Rashmi Khandelwal 
Date: 2024.11.21 10:00:11 +05'30'

 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited  
Q2 FY25 Post Result Conference Call 
November 14, 2024 
 
Management: 
Mr. Promeet Ghosh – Managing 
Director and Chief Executive Officer  
 
Mr. Kaleeswaran Arunachalam – 
Chief Financial Officer  
 
Ms. Shwetha Sagar – Chief Business 
Officer – Butterfly Gandhimathi 
Appliances Limited  
 
Ms. Natasha Kedia – Head – Investor 
Relations 
 
 
 
 

 
Equirus Securities 
Good evening everyone. On behalf of Equirus Securities, I welcome 
you all to Quarter 2 of FY25 Result Conference Call of Crompton 
Greaves Consumer Ltd. We have Senior Management Team from 
Crompton represented by Mr. Promeet Ghosh, Managing Director 
and CEO, Mr. Kaleeswaran Arunachalam CFO, Ms. Swetha Sagar, 
Chief Business Officer of Butterfly Gandhimathi Appliances Ltd. 
and Ms. Natasha Kedia, Head of Investor Relations. I will request 
management to start with their opening remarks and following which 
we can start with the Q&A as well. Thank you and over to you, sir.  
 
Mr. Promeet Ghosh Thanks. Thanks also to the people who are on the call for joining this 
earnings call. As you know, a short while ago, we announced our Q2 
financials. I will make some preliminary remarks and then we can 
get to question answers. I am being joined, as you already know, by 
Kalees, Swetha and Natasha. I am pleased to share that we have been 
able to continue our growth trajectory, recording double-digit growth 
during this quarter for the 5th consecutive time. We clocked 
standalone revenues of Rs. 1,645 crores in Q2 FY25, a growth of 
11%. In our ECD business, we witnessed robust growth overall with 
revenue growing at 13% YOY, to Rs. 1,393 crores this quarter. Our 
overall performance across categories has been broad-based with 
many of the businesses continuing to fire, with appliances and pumps 
taking the lead in what is otherwise a non-seasonal quarter. We have 
appliances growing at 26% YOY this quarter, followed by pumps, 
which is growing at 20% YOY. Our largest portfolio, fans also 
continued to grow at 5% this quarter. More about the details of all of 
these in a moment.  
 
I would like to also remind you that one of the key strategic 
initiatives that we had called out when we unveiled Crompton 2.0 
was to put the lighting business back on a growth trajectory. 
Something that we have delivered over the last couple of quarters. 
We initially saw some green shoots through improved margins 
Quarter on Quarter, and now in Q2 we have a combination of both 
growth and margins strengthening. The lighting trajectory, as I said, 
has been strengthened and we have picked up pace in our revenue 
growth. It was 1% YOY in Q4 FY24, 2% YOY in Q1 FY25, and is 
now 6% YOY in Q2 FY25. This has led to us delivering industry-
leading revenue growth, led by our B2C business, particularly our 
outdoor and accessories and non-conventional lighting products.  
 
Moving to the specifics. In fans as industry leaders, we continue to 
sustainably strengthen both our revenues as well as our profits in 
their growth trajectory. Over the last several quarters, not only have 
we grown faster than the market, but we have taken consistent 

pricing increases ahead of the competition. Particularly in this 
quarter, we have seen a consistent lag in pricing actions by the 
competition. We have remained steadfast in our own actions and will 
continue to leverage the considerable strengths of our business.  
 
As you can see, we are conscious about how we drive this business 
and view it holistically. For instance, you would have observed, how 
we have steadily built our premium offering through new launches, 
and how we are building our brand equity through aesthetics and 
style. This quarter, we introduced, albeit towards the later end of the 
quarter, new premium induction models such as Avancer Swirl, 
Santos, Aura2 – 4 Blade, which are already contributing to sales and 
we expect sales from NPD to materially improve going forward. 
Similarly, to scale our BLDC portfolio, we are working towards 
increasing our in-house manufacturing, so as to have more control on 
important aspects of the business as well as further enhance the 
quality of our products.  
 
This quarter in particular, our non-ceiling portfolio has also shown 
strong growth. In the fans industry, as we are frontrunners, we 
endeavor to lead the way through world-class green products. We are 
the first to receive the GreenPro certification in the consumer 
products category for ceiling fans. I should also highlight that our 
business is in the midst of various regulatory changes and we have 
planned ahead and completed in a timely manner the various BIS 
transitions in our fans business.  
 
In pumps, we witnessed robust growth across solar and residential 
pumps. In solar, we executed orders of Rs. 42 crores last quarter and 
as we speak, as Kaleesh reminded me just before I came in, we have 
crossed Rs. 100 crores of sales, perhaps a little bit more than Rs. 100 
crores of sales, in solar and we have in that business a pretty strong 
pipeline as well. Despite some headwinds on account of weather 
disturbances and a delayed agricultural season, we continue to 
innovate and launch new products and further our premiumization 
agenda.  
 
In our appliance business, we saw again broad-based growth. High-
off-take water heaters, room heaters and in particular air coolers, all 
of them, grew even though it was off-season and lean season, if you 
will, for air coolers. Mixer grinders have had a very solid run, 
supported by new launches in mass premium segment and further 
channel expansion. Perhaps during the Q&A, I'll talk a little bit more 
about how we now believe we have a leadership position in the 
mixer grinders business.  

Large kitchen appliances recorded a revenue of Rs. 19 crores and 
while the business is growing, it is also reducing the EBITDA losses 
which is showing as an indication that we are getting our arms 
around the business.  
 
I also want to highlight, like I said earlier, the performance in 
lighting. A segment that I have faced quite a few questions over the 
last several quarters from you. We are seeing consistent 
improvements in that segment and growth continues to pick up 
Quarter on Quarter. As I said earlier, this quarter we have now 
recorded a 6% growth. Now, especially if you factor the lack of 
conventional product sales, which was a part of the corresponding 
quarter last year, our revenue growth is industry leading. And while 
we have had good growth in the B2B segment, B2C has also now 
joined in the momentum. This growth that we are seeing is being 
particularly driven by non-conventional products. Revenue from 
ceiling and outdoor category have significantly improved post new 
product launches. In fact, now battens and bulbs, which accounted 
for a share of business in the previous quarter in close to about 70%, 
now account for about 50%, which should tell you how materially 
the business mix in our lighting business has evolved over the last 
several quarters.  
 
On the B2B side, the industrial segment is performing well. This 
quarter we executed a marquee project at Bengaluru’s satellite town 
ring road of the NHAI with high performance LED street lights. Our 
focus is on converting a strong order pipeline across categories and 
driving traction for new products. Additionally, we have seen a 
Quarter-on-Quarter improvement in EBIT margins. This is 
happening across the board in lighting, despite much higher A&P 
spends. But higher A&P spends are also a characteristic of the 
company overall. This quarter, our A&P spend stood at Rs. 58 crore, 
an increase of 69% over the previous quarter. We have in the past 
said that stepping up A&P spends to both bolster brand visibility and 
also help our visibility across various platforms and channels, we 
would be investing heavily in A&P and you can see that happen.  
 
Similarly, we are also focusing on innovations. This has led to two 
more patents being granted to us this quarter. Alongside this, we have 
launched 20 more products in Q2 with meaningful contribution in 
NPD coming into our sales.  
 
Our focus on alternate channels is generating results. Alternate 
channels grew 37% by YOY this quarter, increasing saliency to 21% 
of sales versus what was 18% in the same quarter last year. Here 
again, this is our fifth consecutive quarter of delivering Rs. 100 crore 

plus revenues from the e-commerce channel. We, in fact, delivered 
Rs. 200 crore+ revenues in the e-commerce channel this quarter.  
 
Our strong revenue performance is also reflecting in our bottom line. 
Our standalone material margins were 31.9% this quarter versus 
30.1% in Q2 FY24. EBIT for the quarter is Rs. 160 crores, a growth 
of 18% YOY with an EBIT margin of 9.7%. A healthy improvement 
of 60 basis points despite, like I said, a 70% increase in A&P spends 
this quarter. This improvement is largely being driven by our ECD 
business, which had a margin of 14.8%. Our lighting segment EBIT 
margins also witnessed expansion to 10.7%. Put together, we 
witnessed a PAT growth of 30% this quarter on a standalone basis, 
significantly surpassing our peers.  
 
 
Now, a quick overview of our H1 performance. In H1, as you already 
know, our revenue growth rate has picked up pace. We generated 
revenues of Rs. 3,605 crores, growing at 15%. Similar growth and 
profits was also visible. EBIT grew to Rs. 362 crores, a growth of 
26% YOY. EBIT margin for H1 was 10.1%, an expansion of 90 basis 
points, and PAT grew 34%.  
 
Moving on to Butterfly performance. Butterfly, as you know, we are 
on a trajectory of refreshing the business being led by Swetha, and 
we are well on that track. Butterfly generated revenue of Rs. 258 
crores this quarter, with a strong sequential growth of 42%, helped 
ofcourse by the ongoing festive season. MOR and export channels 
are consistently delivering growth. We have successfully executed 
many pricing actions amidst heightened competitive intensity, which 
is showing up in the margin performance of the business. EBIT 
margins saw significant improvements sequentially with expansion 
of 380 basis points to 8.9%. You will remember last quarter also our 
margins improved materially over the previous quarter sequentially, 
and now they have further strengthened bolstering what we believe is 
the overall financial position of this company and its ability to 
compete in the market. This was primarily due to pricing actions, 
price laddering, stronger management of trade spends, process 
intervention, and reduction in operating costs.  
 
We are happy that our Crompton 2.0 strategy is aiding us to deliver 
consistently superior results with depth double digit revenue growth 
for the fifth consecutive quarter and strong EBIT margins. With this, 
we are exiting the second quarter of the financial year on a solid 
footing. We continue to expect consistent progress through the 
remainder of the year. Thank you for your patient listening and now 
we are open for Q&A.  

 
Equirus Securities 
Thank you Promeet sir, for the detailed presentation. We will now 
begin with the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to 
ask a question can use the raise hand feature. I will request everyone 
to introduce yourself first along with the organization name and then 
go ahead with the question. We'll wait for a moment till the time 
question queue gets assembled. 
 
Mr. Promeet Ghosh Yeah, I mean just one more point for the benefit of the people who 
are on the call. The investor presentation, which got delayed for 
some reason, is also on our website. So, if you want to 
simultaneously access that, please feel free to do so. 
 
Equirus Securities 
First question is from the line of Kunal Sheth. Kunal, go ahead. 
 
Mr. Kunal 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for a great 
set of numbers. Sir, my first question is pertaining to fans. You have 
mentioned that we have done well in fans including a margin 
improvement. I just wanted to check this margin improvement is 
driven by improvement in share of premium fans and if yes, what 
would be the share of premium fans currently in the overall 
portfolio?  
 
Mr. Promeet Ghosh The share of premium fans is at a similar level. This is an 
improvement that we've seen both at Gross as well as at EBIT 
margin levels at our fans business. As you are aware, we do believe 
in growing this business sustainably and we have taken regular price 
increases in the fans business. We have seen sometimes, particularly 
last quarter, that there was a significant lag in several competitors 
taking these prices increase. We don't really think these are 
sustainable but it's a mix of price increases, stepped up NPD, as well 
as premium. 
 
Mr. Kunal 
And sir, though you mentioned that a lot of competitors are delaying 
price hike, so is that because of any slackness in demand or it's just 
an aggressive pricing strategy that they are trying to follow?  
 
Mr. Kaleeswaran 
Arunachalam 
It's pretty difficult for us to comment what is the stand the competitor 
is taking on for their pricing strategy. From our perspective as a 
market leader, we want to drive the market to behave in a particular 
manner in terms of our portfolio and how we want to price it.  
 
Mr. Promeet Ghosh These situations come and go, so you got to be watchful. I can 
imagine that our peers have also been seeing us grow consistently 
with the kind of strategy, both on taking price increases as well as 

industry leading growth. So, sometimes that can have some reaction, 
but these kinds of stuff don't sustainably change the business. 
 
Mr. Kunal 
Sure. Sir, my second question is pertaining to pumps. We mentioned 
that we've grown 20% in the pump business. How much would have 
the market grown and would we have gained market share in the 
pumps business?  
 
Mr. Promeet Ghosh In each one of our businesses, there's the regular market growth and 
there are a few segments which are growing disproportionately, 
correct? Well ahead of what the market may be growing at. So, in our 
solar pumps business, as I said earlier, we did about Rs. 42 crores 
and we've already done more than Rs. 100 crores this year itself. 
Clearly, we are growing quite fast. In residential pumps business as 
well, I would imagine that we've probably gained market share in 
that business. So, yes is it a dramatic increase in market share? No, 
but yes, we would be incrementally gaining market share in our core 
business which is residential and growth is being driven by adding 
newer areas which is solar.  
 
Mr. Kunal 
Sure. Sir, and my last question is.. 
 
Mr. Kaleeswaran 
Arunachalam 
I think there are too many people on the queue. You can come back 
in queue. 
 
Mr. Kunal 
Sure. Thank you, sir. Next question is from the line of Siddhartha 
Bera. Siddhartha, you can go ahead, please just announce your 
organization name as well.  
 
Mr. Siddhartha 
Bera 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity, sir. This is Siddhartha from 
Nomura. Sir, first question again on the fan side. Now, we have 
consistently seen healthy double-digit growth for the last many 
quarters. Some colour on this? Is the industry growth in line or have 
we grown ahead? And how do you see the remaining part of the year 
for the fans going ahead?  
 
Mr. Promeet Ghosh Yeah, as you said, we've had robust growth in fans. And for the rest 
of the year, it's not easy always to say in our business, but I'd say we 
expect to see moderate growth going forward as well. Not a big 
change in the demand scenario between now and the rest of the year 
is the way we see it. The important thing in these situations is to 
continue to build on your strengths. This is the key thing that you 
must do in our businesses. So, what you will see us do is introduce 
NPDs, some of these NPDs we've introduced towards the end of last 
quarter, they are doing very well. In fact, one of the NPDs that we 
introduced sold out. I'm not getting into the details of the 

presentations, but these are NPDs that we are finding being very well 
received by the market. It's also to simultaneously bolster our non-
ceiling fans category, where we believe they will be continuing both 
industry growth and industry leading growth from our side. So, while 
we are doing that, our Unnati project continues the pace. So, we will 
have growth, sustainable growth, leading growth, as well as strong 
profits.  
 
Mr. Siddhartha 
Bera 
Got it, sir. So, second question on the light side, you indicated that 
outdoor and accessory segments led to the growth picking up for 
lights. Did you mention that these were 50% of the light portfolio for 
us right now? And here also, should we see further step up given the 
new products you have launched recently?  
 
Mr. Promeet Ghosh Yes, I would certainly hope so. Even as we speak, decorative panels 
are now our single largest segment. That says something for our 
company where we've been saying that we wanted to increase our 
ceiling lights portfolio, even as we speak, they are now the largest 
segment, which kind of tells you about how fast that business has 
been growing. And so that's not to say that we are de-emphasizing, 
but obviously this is growing at a faster rate than our lamps and 
battens business. And similarly, of course, in the outdoor floodlights, 
accessories business, there is again disproportionate growth. That is 
not linked to how the market is growing, the significant growth that 
we are seeing there. I'm very glad to say that the NPD pipeline and 
NPD introduction pipeline in lighting has already in fact, come into 
play in the first quarter substantively already. You'll also see more of 
the first and second quarter already. We'll also see more in H2. But 
these are profitable products that are selling well.  
 
Mr. Siddhartha 
Bera 
Thanks, sir. Lastly, sir, can you share?  
 
Equirus Securities 
Siddharth, I will request you to get back in the queue. 
 
Mr. Siddhartha 
Bera 
Okay sure, yeah.  
 
 
Equirus Securities 
Next question is from the line of Aditya Bhartia. Aditya, you can go 
ahead. 
 
Mr. Aditya Bhartia 
My first question is on the kitchen appliances segment, wherein you 
mentioned that on the mixer grinder side, we are now having market 
dominance. It would be very helpful if you could further build some 
light on that. And how are we looking at this segment in particular? 
Is it Crompton plus Butterfly combined? What kind of synergies are 

we enjoying at this stage between the two entities? That is also 
something that I'd like to understand. Thanks. 
 
Mr. Promeet Ghosh Yeah, our belief is that as we speak, we have, as a combination of 
Crompton and Butterfly, the market leadership position in mixer 
grinders. So, and I believe in some distance, but I don't want to talk 
too much about what's happening as we speak, because we are now 
talking about the previous quarter, where the strength of the previous 
quarter in mixer grinders is clearly sustaining. So, combination of 
numbers between Butterfly and Crompton is going very well. We've 
spoken about this in the past, the way that we are leveraging off the 
strengths of each other in Crompton and Butterfly. So far as the front 
end is concerned, we have an independent channel, Butterfly is 
working differently from Crompton. So, Butterfly is doing is a very, 
very strong brand in South. In small domestic appliances in 
Crompton, we are a much more national brand, particularly strong in 
the West. How we are leveraging the strengths of each other is 
sourcing all its products, mixer grinders in fact, all its products per se 
in SDA is now already insourcing it from the Butterfly 
manufacturing system, which is helping both Butterfly as well as 
Crompton. So, the back-end is being integrated and helping us, but 
the front end, they are independently going well.  
 
Mr. Aditya Bhartia 
So, does that mean that the sales team for the two entities are 
different at this stage for selling kitchen appliances or is there some 
synergy around that as well?  
 
Mr. Promeet Ghosh No. So, we are today continuing to operate at the operational level in 
the sales team in South with a separate Butterfly channel and with a 
separate Crompton channel. If there is Butterfly presence outside of 
the South, there is some combined selling efforts, but substantively, 
these are two businesses operating at the front end.  
 
Mr. Aditya Bhartia 
Understood. And so, my second question is on the pumps business, 
wherein solar is certainly a growth area for us. If you could just 
explain to us how we position competition on the solar side? Is it 
largely bidding based? How exactly are we getting these tenders? 
And what kind of opportunity are you seeing in front of you from a 
two-year, three-year perspective? Is KUSUM Scheme also 
something that you're excited about?  
 
Mr. Promeet Ghosh Yes, KUSUM Scheme is helping. These are tender-based businesses. 
What helps is that clearly people understand that if a pump is at the 
heart of a solar pump and that's made by Crompton, then clearly 
people understand that there is consumer experience and service 
support, etc. Therefore, the Crompton end to end is helping us grow 

in the solar business. We have a partner who helps us in this project. 
Frankly, very often, part of how this business will grow over the next 
several years - very optimistic.  
 
Mr. Aditya Bhartia 
Perfect. That's very, very helpful, sir. Thank you so much. 
 
Equirus Securities 
Next question is from the line of Bhoomika Nair. Bhoomika, you can 
go ahead.  
 
Ms. Bhoomika 
Nair 
Yeah, hi. Good evening, sir. Sir, just wanted to understand in terms 
of the demand trends and specifically from the festive market and 
also kitchen appliances and how is it really panning out? And my 
second question is on Butterfly. You know, we're hoping for some 
improvement in the revenue numbers in the second half. When do we 
start seeing growth coming back and is our GTM realignment, in 
terms of the non-profitable aspect, kind of now into the base or do 
we still continue to see that bit of a challenge continuing?  
 
Mr. Promeet Ghosh Well, maybe I'll take a quick shot at it and then let Swetha answer 
that. See, from a group perspective, it's been very important for us 
that we set the fundamentals of the business on a solid base. And 
therefore, what you've seen in the business is for us to take some 
tough falls, let go even of some revenue, if you will, because you 
can't make an egg without breaking a few eggs. So, if you want to 
scramble an egg, you've got to crack a few eggs. And I think the 
business has done that very well that they have worked on the price 
laddering, they've worked on the terms of trade. And that is showing. 
And it is showing that the Butterfly brand is strong because these 
have now been accepted pretty much by the market. And it's 
certainly my expectation that as we've done this, the revenue growth 
will also come. It's not I didn't want to, before Swetha takes on this 
specifically, I want to tell you, this is also symptomatic of how we've 
consistently dealt with businesses which have required a reset. 
Lighting is a very similar situation, right? I mean, some quarters ago, 
we weren't seeing a strong growth momentum. we didn't choose to 
go out and get that momentum suddenly, but we chose to strengthen 
the fundamentals of the business, build the profitability of the 
business and believe that once you have that profitability, you will be 
able to drive revenues and you are seeing that happen, right? So this 
is, if you go about it the other way, and don't grow a business 
sustainably, then it doesn't work out very well. So, it's something that 
that is a pretty consistent approach of ours. Yes, Swetha.  
 
Ms. Swetha Sagar 
So, just to elaborate on what just Promeet said, I think, the first thing 
is that, fundamentally, I think the approach that we are trying to take 
for Butterfly is brand first. So, keeping brand at the centre and the 

consumer at the centre is what we are trying to work out, our channel 
strategy, pricing, value chain mapping, the cost at which the business 
operations are happening, exactly like what he's been mentioning, 
that's what is showing us what we have done in Q2. Second thing, we 
have resident knowledge in Crompton in multiple other operations, 
also in terms of turning around businesses. So, that is also coming in 
handy for Butterfly to look forward for. I think that's the way that we 
are looking at Butterfly.  
 
Ms. Bhoomika 
Nair 
Sure. And on the question on the demand trends specifically from a 
festive point of view, how is it really panning out? Are we seeing 
green shoots in terms of demand and uptick across categories? Any 
specific comments, segments where you're seeing a sharper growth, 
if you can kind of comment on that?  
 
Mr. Promeet Ghosh Why don't you talk about kitchen appliances then I kind of talk about 
Crompton.  
 
Ms. Swetha Sagar 
Alright. In kitchen appliances segment, the last few weeks of Diwali 
have been good in terms of consumer demand. They have been 
positively reassuring us in terms of our offtakes and how the 
consumer is responding to the festive season. We do see that 
categories like gas stoves and pressure cookers are doing good for 
us. While we've been working very, very strongly, the non-electrical 
businesses have seen a sharper demand from the consumers.  
 
Mr. Promeet Ghosh I think it's fair to say that the demand outlook at a broader level is 
moderate. And as I said earlier, the key thing in these situations is, 
continue to mind the demand strongly in these times and grow in 
segments, and in certain segments grow disproportionately, in order 
to be able to bolster the overall revenue growth of the company. You 
already heard in pumps, we've grown disproportionately in solar, in 
lighting, we've been able to grow our ceiling and our outdoor and 
accessories business. In kitchen appliances, we've had very strong 
growth in mixer grinders. Actually in LDA, large domestic 
appliances, we've had very strong non-seasonal growth in air coolers 
to supplement our regular growth that we're anyway getting and so 
on and so forth. In fans, we've had very robust growth in TPW. So, 
yeah, so those are the kinds of tools and levers that you have to keep 
using.  
 
Ms. Bhoomika 
Nair 
Yeah, thank you so much, sir. 
 
 
Equirus Securities 
Next question is from the line of Umang Mehta. Umang, you can go 
ahead.  

 
Mr. Umang Mehta 
Yeah, thank you for the opportunity and congrats on a good quarter. 
So, I just wanted to check on pumps. So, this quarter, I believe solar 
pumps contributed a fair chunk of your overall pumps revenues. And 
still we've seen ECD margins kind of hold up quite well. Also in 
terms of receivables and inventories, we've not seen any kind of built 
up. So, your initial worry about going more aggressive on solar 
pumps, do you think that’s allayed and possibly you could do much 
more than what we've already seen?  
 
Mr. Promeet Ghosh In each of these businesses, you have to learn to do the business. So, 
we've scaled up pretty well in solar pumps. And we've done that 
together with other things that we do well, right. So, we continue to 
work at the backend quite aggressively, to continue to work on costs. 
So we have a long standing program, Unnati. Also, in solar, for 
instance, we've worked on how we bid. Just because you're seeing 
growth doesn't mean that we've gone and bid randomly. So what that 
has translated into is a very good rotation of money in the solar 
pumps business. So, even though there may be government-backed 
orders, we're getting paid in time, for the most part. So, those are the 
things that we've kind of gained more and more confidence and that's 
showing up in the way that we're doing the business.  
 
Mr. Umang Mehta 
Understood. And the second question is on Butterfly. It's more of a 
factual question. So, in the base quarter starting Q3, can we assume 
that the channel correction which had happened in institutional will 
be over? In the sense, last year Q3 was after the channel correction, 
right? That would be the correct assumption.  
 
Mr. Promeet Ghosh Okay, let me take a shot at it. I'd say I think we are substantively 
done with the journey.  
 
Mr. Umang Mehta 
Got it. Thanks a lot and all the best. 
 
Equirus Securities 
Next question is from the line of Achal Lohade. Achal, I will request 
you to announce your organization name as well. 
 
Mr. Achal Lohade 
Yeah, good evening, team. This is Achal from Nuvama. Thank you 
so much for the opportunity, sir. First with respect to Butterfly, since 
we are on that subject, if you look at 2Q performance, the gross 
margins is stable, while you talked about the price corrections, 
premiumization thing, and we've seen a substantial drop in employee 
cost and the other expenses. So, if you could help us understand in 
second half, because the third quarter will be a seasonally strong 
quarter. But given the drop in sales, focus on premium products how 
do we see the second half margins and the growth? Because if I do a 

rough math, I am seeing a double-digit decline in terms of revenue 
for the full year, and margins, maybe about 2%, 3%, 4%. If you 
could help us understand the journey from here on in terms of 
growth, and the margins for Butterfly specifically.  
 
Mr. Kaleeswaran 
Arunachalam 
Achal, we cannot comment on margin model that we have 
created but let us talk about what have we delivered and what are we 
looking at for balance of the year. So, fundamentally, what we have 
been consistently saying over the last few quarters is get the unit 
economics right for Butterfly, which means that we have to ensure 
that channel parity is brought in place. We have to ensure that pricing 
actions, including price ups have to be brought in place. And at the 
same point of time, operating cost needs to be reduced. So, what you 
see as a reduction in people cost is also part of some of the actions 
that we have taken to ensure that for a business and size of Butterfly, 
what are the kind of manpower requirements that you handle. So, 
today, as we stand compared to last year, our EBITDA margins in 
Butterfly has improved, even on a lower revenue base that we have 
delivered. So, that ensures that the health of the business is at the 
right place. I would like you to recollect and go back four quarters, 
precisely the statement that we made in lighting, where we said the 
step one is to get the unit economics right, get the operating 
parameters right and ensure that the business is in a healthy shape to 
invest. What is it going to do for us? The money that we have 
generated is going to help us to do a brand refresh and repositioning 
on Butterfly, invest in NPD, and that will ensure that it will drive 
growth for the future. And our priority, as we called out in lighting, 
here also is, step one is to address the decline and consistently 
deliver a steady margin and over a period of time start delivering 
operating leverage and improvement in margin also.  
 
Mr. Achal Lohade 
Understood. And the second question I had with respect to Fans, 5% 
revenue growth YoY, if you could guide us in the last 12 months, 
how much price hike have we taken? And also the volume growth 
for the second quarter? Is it fair to say that volume has been fairly 
flattish? And most of the growth, what you're seeing is driven by the 
price hike?  
 
Mr. Kaleeswaran 
Arunachalam 
It is partially volume growth and partially price increase that has 
helped us to grow in Q2. Over the last quarter, almost a year now, 
November last year is when we started taking the price increases. We 
have been taking bite-sized price increase of about 1.5%-2% every 
quarter. At this point of time, we think a large part of our pricing 
action is done, unless we see any other reason for us to do it, the 
commodity or other things. Outlook, as we look at from a gross 
margin perspective, the levers that we're looking at is one, how do 

we improve further our mix. We called out our ambition in terms of 
premium fans long time back. Also, we are looking at Unnati as a 
continuous lever to see how do we improve the margin model 
through that.  
 
Mr. Achal Lohade 
Got it. Thank you. I'll fall back in the queue for more questions. 
Thank you so much.  
 
Equirus Securities 
Next question is from the line of Latika Chopra. Latika, I will 
request you to announce your organization name as well.  
 
Ms. Latika Chopra 
Yeah. Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. I'm Latika from J.P. 
Morgan. A lot of my questions were answered. I wanted to just 
quickly check with you for some colour on the channel inventory 
levels, because it seems in appliances, the water heater sales were 
pretty good for you. And festive season this time was a little early as 
well, in case it influences the small appliances business for you. And 
if you could also comment on, how are you looking at the second 
half for ECD business from a growth perspective? You had 13% 
revenue growth in this quarter. Is this a number that you're 
comfortable and you believe all your initiatives on premiumization, 
channel expansion, new launches are going to sustain this kind of 
growth? So that was the first question.  
 
 
 
Mr. Kaleeswaran 
Arunachalam 
So, Latika, as you know, we don't give forward guidance. But the 
way we would see it is, I'm answering your first question on demand 
plus how are we looking at the business. See, we are a portfolio ECD 
business. We have fans, we have pumps, we have got large domestic 
appliances led by geysers and coolers. We have a portfolio of small 
domestic appliances and then there is large kitchen. And there are 
varied segments that we have within fans, which is ceiling, non-
ceiling and within ceiling, premium, non-premium. Pumps, we have 
clearly forayed into solar and that has delivered consistent growth for 
us. As far as LDA and SDA are concerned, we have not even tapped 
the full potential of the geography and the channel opportunities that 
we have. So, in the medium term to long run we don’t have, I would 
say, from our perspective, a challenge that we see. We have 
opportunity to grow and we would expect that in the long run, as we 
have been calling out, the business can double in about, say, five 
years time from now, coupled with the existing and new categories.  
 
 
 
 
 

 
Ms. Latika Chopra 
So, my question was actually on this quarter, did you see any early 
festive related demand benefit? And if you could also comment on 
the channel inventory trends. Actually, that was the key question. If 
you could comment on that, please.  
 
Mr. Kaleeswaran 
Arunachalam 
See, channel inventory, we are in line. We have average channel 
inventory. We have not got any channel inventory issues as we speak 
across categories. In terms of festive momentum, it's just a shift, 
mildly for some of our categories. For us, kitchen is the only 
category, where we would see as a large beneficiary of festive 
momentum. Otherwise, it has got nothing to do with an early festive 
or a later festive season driving a 13% ECD growth for us.  
 
Ms. Latika Chopra 
Understood. And the second bit was just on Butterfly. We did hear a 
lot of qualitative comments. And in one of the prior answers, is it 
right to assume that we're kind of done with this YoY dips in revenue 
and now revenue should start to stabilize or still a little early to call 
that out? That's the last question.  
 
Mr. Kaleeswaran 
Arunachalam 
It's true. We are looking to arrest the decline in revenue. By and 
large, the channel issues that we had to solve, have been solved.  
 
Ms. Latika Chopra 
Okay. So, even if there is any decline, these will be marginal. 
 
Mr. Kaleeswaran 
Arunachalam 
 
That's right.  
 
Ms. Latika Chopra 
All right. Thank you so much. 
 
Equirus Securities 
Next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay. Praveen, I will 
request you to go ahead with the question.  
 
Mr. Praveen Sahay 
Yeah. Hi, I'm Praveen Sahay from Prabhudas. So, I have only one 
question related to the BIS transition. As you had already mentioned 
in the non-ceiling fan and appliances, you had already transitioned to 
the BIS.  
 
Mr. Kaleeswaran 
Arunachalam 
Yes, we have 
 
 
Mr. Praveen Sahay 
So, is there any cost element associated to that and which you are 
able to pass on to? And are there any further segments where you 
have to transition yet?  
 

Mr. Promeet Ghosh Yeah, Praveen, actually BIS transition now are a feature of our 
business. So, in business after business and product after product, 
you will see BIS transitions being required. The important thing is to 
get your organization ready to be able to do these in a timely manner. 
Remember, we are Crompton, right? So if the government says 4th of 
September, it means 4th of September, every product, whether it is 
coming out of our own manufacturing facilities or out of some 
outsourced manufacturing facility. So, far, it's something that takes 
work, it requires a fair amount of planning, but I'd say that it's 
something that we've now got our arms around. It's not to say that 
there are no cost implications of it, but as you already know, our job 
is to keep working on costs as we go along,  and to be either able to 
pass on those costs to the market or be able to optimize costs 
internally. So, that's how we've been dealing with it. We have seen in 
the recent past, some of our peers lag in some of these. I think that 
tends to show up in margins in many cases, but we'll see how well 
they are able to sustain it or not. From our perspective, we are 
leaders and we'd like to do what's right for the business and we do 
see that’s paying off very well for us. So, we do expect to combine 
market-leading growth with strong profit margins and profit growth. 
  
Mr. Praveen Sahay 
Fair to assume that you gained out of that as well in terms of market 
share?  
 
Mr. Promeet Ghosh Tough to say. With regulatory change, you've got to make sure that 
you're on the ball. Whether you gain from it or not, depends on 
whether the government goes on inspecting everybody, whether 
everybody has changed and adhered to BIS norm and a bunch of 
other things. But you got to do what you got to do.  
 
Mr. Praveen Sahay 
Got it, sir. Thank you and all the best.  
 
Equirus Securities 
Next question is from the line of Harshit Kapadia. Harshit, you can 
go ahead with your question.  
 
Mr. Harshit 
Kapadia 
Yeah. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats for a good set of 
results. So, my question is on solar pumps. Some of the competitors 
have highlighted that they are facing challenges in sourcing the solar 
panels because it requires a DCR requirement. So, are you facing 
some challenges as well for your solar portfolio? That's the first 
question. And second is on the new product development, would you 
be able to share how much contribution do you have in each of your 
product segment for the NPD? Earlier you used to give that data. So, 
that would be of a value for us. Thank you.  
 

Mr. Promeet Ghosh The sourcing of solar panels so far hasn't been a material impediment 
for us. I don't know whether we've given out NPD numbers.  
 
Mr. Kaleeswaran 
Arunachalam 
Yeah, we have stopped calling that out in terms of what is our share 
of NPD. What we believe is that as a part of premiumization and as 
part of existing replacements, it does come in. But the way we look 
at it is what is the kind of investments that we are making towards 
our R&D and innovation. Currently, we are spending about Rs. 100 
crores per annum and the aim is to further invest to bring in much 
more meaningful products. 
 
Mr. Harshit 
Kapadia 
Understood, sir. Thank you and wishing you all the best. 
 
Equirus Securities 
Due to time constraints, this will be the last question from the line of 
Indrajit Agarwal.  
 
Mr. Indrajit 
Agarwal 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. I have one question on the solar 
pump side. Just want to understand, are you bidding it yourself or is 
it through a partner?  
 
Mr. Promeet Ghosh We bid together with a partner, but we are the lead partner.  
 
Mr. Indrajit 
Agarwal 
Sure, and which geographies or which states have you won most of 
the bids in?  
 
Mr. Kaleeswaran 
Arunachalam 
Haryana, Maharashtra. 
 
  
Mr. Indrajit 
Agarwal 
Sure, and you're only doing the pump side of things, right? Rest is all 
outsourced. In the sense of panel, the EPC, etc.  
 
Mr. Promeet Ghosh I mean, look, we obviously contribute substantively to the pump’s 
component of the business, but we get a share of the entire bid. So, 
we benefit from the entire size of the order.  
 
Mr. Indrajit 
Agarwal 
Sure, that's all from my side. Thank you so much. 
 
 
Equirus Securities 
I think, sir, that was the last question. I would request if you have any 
closing comments, then we can conclude the call. 
 
Mr. Promeet Ghosh Thank you for joining. Like I said, I'm delighted with the results that 
we've had. Looking around the market, I don't see many companies, 
whether in our businesses or others, which are able to grow their 
profits at a 30% YoY growth levels. So, that speaks to the kind of 
leadership that Crompton has together with Butterfly across 

products, and the kind of effort that we've been putting in, in 
solidifying our foundations, in strengthening our brand. And I think 
it's also visible, when we started out, there were a bunch of questions 
about how we were going to get growth, how we were going to 
turnaround, what we were going to do with Butterfly. And I trust that 
some of those questions, as we speak, are being answered. Because I 
can say anything, but you want to see what we deliver. And I think 
we are delivering. And, of course, if you guys have any other further 
questions, do feel free to reach out to our teams. Thank you.  
 
Mr. Kaleeswaran 
Arunachalam 
Thank you, guys.  
 
 
