 
 
23rd November, 2024 
To, 
The General Manager-Department of  
Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
 
The Manager-Listing Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
"Exchange Plaza", 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051. 
Scrip Code : 530999 
Symbol : BALAMINES 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Submission of Earnings Call Transcript under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the Transcript of Q2FY2025 Earnings Conference Call held on Tuesday,                             
19th November, 2024. 
 
The transcript of the said Earnings Call is also available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.balajiamines.com/investor-relations.php.   
 
This is for your kind information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Balaji Amines Limited 
 
 
 
Lakhan Dargad 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
LAKHAN 
SUGANCHAND 
DARGAD
Digitally signed by 
LAKHAN SUGANCHAND 
DARGAD 
Date: 2024.11.23 16:20:18 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Balaji Amines Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
November 19, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. D RAM REDDY – MANAGING DIRECTOR, BALAJI 
AMINES LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AMOGH DESHPANDE – ELARA SECURITIES 
PRIVATE LIMITED 

 
Balaji Amines Limited 
November 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Balaji Amines Limited Q2 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Elara Securities Private Limited.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amogh Deshpande from Elara Securities Private Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Deshpande. 
Amogh Deshpande: 
Yes. Thank you. A very warm welcome to everyone to discuss Balaji Amines Q2 FY '25 results.  
 
It is our pleasure to be able to bring to you the management of Balaji Amines Limited led by 
Mr. D. Ram Reddy, who is the Managing Director.  
 
So, with these words, I would now hand over the conference to the Balaji Amines Management 
for their opening remarks, which shall be followed by a question-and-answer session. Over to 
you, sir.  
D. Ram Reddy: 
Thank you, Amogh. A very good evening and a warm welcome on behalf of Balaji Amines 
Limited to all of you who have joined us for this con call to discuss the operating and financial 
performance for the quarter and financial year ended Q2 FY '25. We appreciate your time and 
interest in our company's performance.  
 
I hope everyone had an opportunity to go through the financial results and investor presentation, 
which have been uploaded on stock exchanges.  
 
We are pleased to announce a steady performance in Q2FY '25. The industry environment has 
remained challenging, impacting our revenue streams with volumes staying flat during the first 
half of the year.  
 
Despite these pressures, particularly from pricing, our EBITDA margins have improved by 110 
basis points over the previous quarter. This positive growth is a direct result of our strategic 
focus on higher margin products which has strengthened our overall profitability.  
 
Additionally, both the API and agrochemical sectors have demonstrated strong potential for 
long-term growth presenting promising opportunities as we move forward.  
 
We are pleased to announce the successful launch of our state-of-the-art Methyl Amine plant at 
Unit IV on 10th November 2024. This advanced facility will provide us with a significant cost 
advantage over the competitors. We have successfully increased our annual capacity from 
48,000 metric tons to 88,000 metric tons representing a close to 100% increase.  

 
Balaji Amines Limited 
November 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
However, it is important to note that while the plant is already commissioned, it will take some 
time to reach optimal levels of capacity utilization. We anticipate achieving full utilization by 
financial year 2026 and 2027.  
 
Additionally, Unit I and Unit III have successfully achieved BIS Certification for Morpholine, 
reinforcing our commitment to the highest quality standards. This accomplishment positions us 
as the only BIS certified Morpholine manufacturer in India, further elevating our reputation for 
quality and reliability in the industry. 
 
With this, we move on to the updates and the progress of our critical projects reflecting our 
unwavering commitment to innovation, operational excellence and value creation. The 
enhancement of our DMC, Propylene Glycol  plant with additional equipment is progressing as 
planned. A majority of the required equipment has already been delivered, and we anticipate 
commissioning within the current financial year.  
 
Efforts are underway to enable the production and pharmaceutical grade Propylene Glycol by 
augmenting the existing DMC, Propylene Glycol plant. The commissioning of this capability is 
also expected within the current financial year.  
 
The installation of the Di-Methyl Ether is advancing steadily. We project the commissioning by 
the end of this financial year or the first quarter of the next financial year.  
The company is undertaking modifications to the existing Ethyl Amine’s plant at Unit I to enable 
the production of Isopropyl amines with a planned capacity of 20 to 21 tons per day. This project 
will utilize most of the existing infrastructure. The plant is scheduled to commissioning in the 
next financial year. 
 
Speaking of the N-Methyl Morpholine plant, it is currently being developed at Unit IV with a 
capacity of 15 metric tons per day. We are in the final stages of detailed engineering and half of 
the required equipment has already been ordered. civil works are expected to commence by the 
end of November 2024 with the plant anticipated to be operational in the next financial year. 
 
In alignment with the ESG commitments and Carbon emission reduction goals, we have 
obtained the necessary approvals to establish a 20-Megawatt solar power plant near MIDC 
Chincholi, Maharashtra. In the first phase, we are setting up an 8-Megawatt DC of 6-Megawatt 
AC solar power plant expected to be commissioned within this financial year. This initiative will 
substantially reduce power cost across all our plants further strengthening our sustainability 
efforts.  
 
We are also proposing to set up a new plant for the manufacture of NBPT with a capacity of 
2,500 tons per annum. This project is scheduled to be undertaken in the next financial year. We 
are planning to establish a new Acetonitrile plant at Unit III, MIDC Chincholi with a capacity 
of 60 metric tons per day. Discussions regarding the transfer of the latest technology aimed at 
reducing production costs are in the final stages. We expect to sign the agreement by the end of 

 
Balaji Amines Limited 
November 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
November 2024 and new equipment based on this technology will be integrated with the existing 
Acetonitrile plant at Unit III.  
 
Balaji Specialty Chemicals Limited is making significant investments across a diverse range of 
products, which will enhance the portfolio and strengthen our market position. The products 
include Hydrogen Cyanide, Sodium Cyanide 30% and 100%, Ethylene Diamine Tetra Acetic 
Acid (EDTA), Disodium salt, Benzyl Cyanide, Phenylacetic Acid, Tri Ethyl Ortho Formate and 
Tri Methyl Ortho Formate. 
 
In recognition of the scale of potential of this expansion, the industry's Energy and Labor 
Department, Government of Maharashtra has granted mega project status to our Balaji Specialty 
Chemicals' expansion under the Packaged Scheme of Incentives 2019. This project involves a 
proposed phased investment of 750 crores.  
 
I would like to reaffirm our commitment to maintaining a debt-free strategy, which continues to 
be a cornerstone to our financial approach. We ensure that we remain resilient and well-
positioned to capitalize on growth opportunities while minimizing financial risks. We want to 
strategize on expanding our product range and investing in advanced manufacturing capabilities 
to set ourselves apart from competitors and seize a larger share of the market. We also believe 
that this approach will continue to serve us well as we move forward.  
 
Now let me take through the consolidated financial operational performance. Revenue from 
operations for Q2 FY '25 stood at INR 356 crores as compared to INR 393 crores in Q1 FY '25. 
Total value stood at 26,345 metric tons for Q2 FY '25 as against 28,071 metric tons in Q1 FY 
'25.  
 
EBITDA for Q2 FY '25 was INR 70 crores as compared to INR 74 crores in Q1 FY '25. EBITDA 
margin for Q2 FY '25 stood at 20% as against 19% in Q1 FY '25.  
 
PAT for Q2 FY '25 was Rs. 41 crores as compared to Rs. 46 crores in Q1 FY '25. Diluted EPS 
for Q2 FY '25 stood at Rs. 12.65 per equity share as against Rs. 13.36 paisa in Q1 FY '25.  
 
For Q2 FY '25 Amines volume stood at 7,660 metric tons and Amines derivatives volume stood 
at 8,685 metric tons and specialty chemical volume stood at 10,046 metric tons.  
 
On a standalone basis, we are a zero-debt company. Revenue from operations Q2 FY '25 stood 
at INR 326 crores as compared to INR 338 crores in Q1 FY '25.  
 
EBITDA for Q2 FY '25 was INR 64 crores as against INR 64 crores in Q1 FY '25. EBITDA 
margin for Q2 FY '25 stood at 20% as against 19% in Q1 FY '25.  
 
PAT for Q2 FY '25 was INR 40 crores as compared to INR 41 crores in Q1 FY '25. Diluted EPS 
for Q2 FY '25 stood at INR Rs. 12.47 equity share as against INR 12.51 in Q1 FY '25.  

 
Balaji Amines Limited 
November 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Now coming to the consolidated performance for the Q1 FY '25, the revenue from operations 
for the H1 FY '25 stood at Rs. 749 crores as against compared to Rs. 857 crores in H1 FY '24.  
 
EBITDA for H1 FY '25 stood at 144 crores as compared to Rs. 164 crores in H1 FY '24. EBITDA 
margin for H1 FY '25 was at 19%.  
 
PAT for the H1 FY '25 stood at Rs. 87 crores as compared to Rs. 104 crores in the H1 FY '24. 
 
Coming to our standalone performance for the H1 FY '25, revenue from operations in H1 FY 
'25 stood at Rs. 664 crores as compared to Rs. 672 crores in H1 FY '24.  
 
The EBITDA stood at Rs. 128 crores in H1 FY '25 as compared to Rs. 109 crores in H1 FY '24. 
Our EBITDA margin was 19% in H1 FY '25 as compared to 16% in H1 FY '24.  
 
PAT for H1 FY '25 stood at Rs. 81 crores from Rs. 67 crore in H1 FY '24. The diluted EPS for 
H1 FY '25 stood at Rs. 24.98 as against Rs. 20.73 per equity share in H1 FY '24.  
 
We remain steadfast in our pursuit of excellence and are confident in achieving these milestones, 
thereby delivering enhanced value to our stakeholders.  
 
Now I leave the floor for the question answers.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Rajeev Rupani, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Rajeev Rupani: 
My first question is regarding DME. Sir, in the May con call also, you had mentioned about the 
gazette notification for blending of DME with LPG and it has been, I think, five months. So, 
when do you think, do we get this gazette notification for blending of DME with LPG?  
D. Ram Reddy: 
It shows, as of now, it has gone for the publication. So, we are just waiting for the publication. 
Maybe by end of this month, the notification may out.  
Rajeev Rupani: 
And sir, once this DME plan gets commissioned, what kind of capacity utilization can we expect 
in the first year?  
D. Ram Reddy: 
Too early, Rajeev. See, it's a product first time in the country and introduction as an alternate to 
the LPG also first time in the country. It will take some time, and it is too early to assume any 
numbers or any capacities. But definitely, we feel that it should be a game changer.  
Rajeev Rupani: 
Sir, my next question was on DMF. Sir, now that our new Methyl Amines plant is commissioned, 
can we expect 100% capacity utilization for DMF? And also, let us know anti-dumping duty and 
exports.  
D. Ram Reddy: 
Definitely. We are aiming for, if not 100%, at least 80%, 85% capacity should be utilized for the 
rest of the year. And we are trying our level best for the anti-dumping. Maybe for the next 

 
Balaji Amines Limited 
November 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
quarter, we will have to initiate again for the anti-dumping if the price tend to continuously 
grows like this.  
Rajeev Rupani: 
My next question is on the BSCL Unit 2. Sir, last, you had updated us that the CAPEX will be 
in two phases, Phase-1 and Phase-2. So, I would like to know when does the Phase-1 CAPEX 
gets complete and when do the plants get commissioned and Phase-2 timeline?  
D. Ram Reddy: 
You can take Phase-1 exactly 11 to 12 months from today. The Phase-1 will be completed. There 
will be 2 to 3 plants that will be commissioned by exactly 365 days from today you can calculate. 
And Phase-2 will be another 12 months from the date of commencement of the Phase-1. 
Rajeev Rupani: 
And my next question is in BSC Unit 1. Sir, last time you talked about the de-bottlenecking, and 
by that we would get produce more quantities of Piperazine and DETA instead of EDA. So, can 
you update us on that and the capacity utilization in Unit 1?  
D. Ram Reddy: 
Yes, that work is actually going on. Probably, it may take another 4 to 6 months' time whereby 
you will see not only Piperazine and DETA, we are likely to get the additional new value addition 
products like TETA also we are likely to get and most of the EDA will be consumed for 
producing these things.  
 
So, lot of new things are happening Mr. Rajeev. You will be hearing in the next 4 to 6 months 
on the realistic figures. We will be adding one or two fresh equipments for the existing plant of 
the Unit 1 where we will get all these new products like increased capacity of the Piperazine, 
increased capacity of the DETA, then new addition of TETA and AEP also, much better-quality 
AEP will be getting.  
Rajeev Rupani: 
Sir, is this taking longer than usual the de-bottlenecking? Because we had talked about this in 
the May con call also.  
D. Ram Reddy: 
See, there is a lot of new development happening, Rajeev. We don't want to take the decision, 
we want to take the right whatever decision we take, whatever modification we do, it should be 
the latest as on the date of commencing. So, that is the reason it is taking little time. So, you will 
hear better only maybe in 4 to 6 months, the new things will happen.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Devang Mehra with SKP Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Devang Mehra: 
Can you give us a guidance of what will FY '25 will look in terms of volumes? And are you 
seeing any sort of like price increase which is visible across certain segments?  
D. Ram Reddy: 
Yes, definitely. We, as of now for the half yearly, if you take standalone basis, we have done 
6% to 7% volume growth when you compare to the last year volumes, and by end of the year 
we expect minimum 10% to 12% of the volume growth.  

 
Balaji Amines Limited 
November 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
And as regards prices, you are well aware that last two quarters, prices were going down and 
going down. Now we expect one or two, leaving one or two products, majority of the products 
are getting settling down with the reasonable prices and may be if not in this quarter, definitely 
you will see the end of the financial year, you will see the actual realistic increase prices.  
Devang Mehra: 
And sir, who are the primary target customers for MIPA and DIPA? And in which industry do 
you foresee the highest demand? And how we are going to fund our like CAPEX plan for both 
our like Balaji Amines and our subsidiary company?  
D. Ram Reddy: 
See, MIPA and DIPA is within the same basket. The customers are into pharma and agro dyes. 
All these actually existing customer base only who are required these materials and CAPEX for 
this product, there will not be major, because this, we will be using our Unit 1 Ethyl Amine 
plant, which was old Ethyl Amine plant idle. Same equipment, same catalyst we are going to 
use, and there will not be much. Only there will be some storages and some modifications 
required in the clearance like environmental clearance and MPCB. Those things we are already 
ahead of doing.  
 
And as regards specialty chemicals, we are having almost 750 crores CAPEX totally lined up in 
the Phase-1 and Phase-2 together, and Phase-1 may be about 300 to 400 crores, which will be 
met from the mostly internal accruals. At the end of Phase-2, we may need 100 to 200 crores 
from the borrowing. And Balaji Amines, all the expansions will be done from the internal 
accruals only.  
Devang Mehra: 
And sir, last question. Like Methyl Amine plant has just been commissioned, right? So, how do 
you see it is going to impact our top line?  
D. Ram Reddy: 
Top line, see, because this is, you might have heard what I said just now in my opening remarks. 
Our existing capacity is 48,000 tons, which we have increased to 88,000 tons. So, definitely it 
will take some time to get into the optimized level of capacity utilization. Maybe in the next 
year, you will see some 50% to 60%, but we expect in '26 and '27 we should be in a position to 
utilize more than 70%-80% capacity.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Mukul Deshpande from Insightful Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead.  
Mukul Deshpande: 
A few questions from my end. Sir, we were at active discussions with the battery players for 
some chemicals like 2P, NP, NMP and the others. So, have we received any orders from them, 
and if not, then when is the same expected, and if you could just tell me what is the situation 
over there?  
D. Ram Reddy: 
Mukulji, we are also worried on this because battery manufacturers, nobody has started as of 
now. We are hearing this for last two to three years, we are hearing that today or tomorrow they 
will start. I thought that somebody said that in November they will start, one will start the actual 

 
Balaji Amines Limited 
November 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
manufacturing, but to my observation, nobody is going to start at least the first quarter of the 
financial year.  
 
We are fully ready. NMP is approved with two, three manufacturers who are going to use this, 
and even DMC is also approved, and we are going to do much better DMC with this battery 
grade implementation in the facility. So, we are ready. The only thing is actual they should start 
the manufacturing. Then we will be with them.  
Mukul Deshpande: 
And on DME, could you quantify the revenues and the margins at 100% capacity from this 
chemical? 
D. Ram Reddy: 
Which product you said here? 
Mukul Deshpande: 
DME sir. 
D. Ram Reddy: 
Di-Methyl Ether.  
Mukul Deshpande: 
Yes, sir. 
D. Ram Reddy: 
It is also too early because we were expecting some 15%-20% originally, but that depends upon 
the situation as on the date we commence the production and during that time how the market 
acceptance will come. And you are well aware whenever any product comes first time in the 
market, the buyer industry definitely will try to squeeze, will try to take advantage of the new 
entrants. If you want to hear realistic margins, at least you will have to allow minimum six 
months to one-year time to ascertain actual margins.  
Mukul Deshpande: 
And can you give an idea of what our second half might look like in terms of the specialty 
chemicals business, and has the Chinese dumping eased or reduced in the third quarter so far, 
and when will we be back to our historical revenues and margins over here?  
D. Ram Reddy: 
As I said, we are really facing in one or two products the major dumping from the China. That 
is, one was the DMF and NMP in the parent and EDA in the specialty, Balaji Specialty. We look 
to the going forward NMP, once the battery grade thing starts, definitely there will be good 
opportunity, and DMF since we are thinking of utilizing, going to utilize the 80%, 90%, there 
we may get some volume advantages even if it is a lower margins also. On standalone basis, I 
feel that we should definitely reach to with the same prices also 1,300 to 1,400 crores annual 
turnover. If the prices improve, our top line also may improve to towards 1,700, 1,800 crores 
also. 
Mukul Deshpande: 
And some CAPEX that we have allotted for each of those divisions as you have shown in the 
PPT, which is MIPA, DIPA, NMM, NBPT and Acetonitrile. So, each of these categories if you 
could quantify the CAPEX numbers and the asset turns over here? 
D. Ram Reddy: 
See, as I said, some of the plants we are utilizing, like if you talk about the MIPA, DIPA, we are 
not going to spend much. Only de-bottlenecking is happening, and Acetonitrile, there may be 

 
Balaji Amines Limited 
November 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
40-50 crores we will be spending because most of the existing plant will be integrated with the 
new equipment. So, that is the reason you will not see much of the expenses there, and NBPT 
and N-Methyl Morpholine these two together may be about 70 crores. I am telling approximately 
70 to 80 crores will be the CAPEX in that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Rajeev Rupani, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead.  
Rajeev Rupani: 
I had a question on ACN. Sir, earlier I believe we had the latest technology, and you were 
supposed to set the plant in Unit 4, but due to some issues, dumping by China, we didn't go 
ahead with the plan. Now again, you are talking about the latest technology in your press release.  
D. Ram Reddy: 
Yes, we are modifying the existing plant. That is the reason I am telling you. If you heard my 
answer to the other question, we are going to a few of the equipment’s integrating with the 
existing ACN plant for the new technology and which can be faster than establishing a new 
plant.  
Rajeev Rupani: 
And sir, our competitor also has a 30,000-ton capacity and the Indian demand is 30,000 tons. 
So, how does it look for us? I mean, we will export some and supply Indian?  
D. Ram Reddy: 
No, because when I am talking about the competitive price, so definitely I will have my own 
share in the domestic market as well as international market share also. We will be having 
definitely, see, the technology, I am talking the technology on the consumption coefficient. So, 
it will be definitely totally different from the competitors. I am talking about not in the Indian. I 
am talking about the international competitors I am talking. So, you will see once we commence 
that.  
Rajeev Rupani: 
Sir, my next question is, let's say after two years, when the CAPEX in the standalone and the 
subsidiary is complete, what kind of revenues do you expect to do after 2 years, 2.5 years?  
D. Ram Reddy: 
They should be between 3,000 to 4,000 crores if the prices go to the realistic level. Suppose you 
know the Acetonitrile used to sell at 170-180 reasonable prices rather than high price up to 400 
also, and lower price is 110-120 also. If the product goes to the reasonable level, so we can 
definitely touch the kind of capacities we are established. We should be in a position to reach 
3,000 to 4,000 crores in the two years from now.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Rohit Sinha with Sunidhi Securities. Please go 
ahead.  
Rohit Sinha: 
Just in continuation of the participant on this ACN side, I mean, although we started this product 
quite a long time back and there was some, you can say, issues in the stabilization also of this 
product, but later we have been also looking at the prices which have corrected. So, kind of 
lower production was there from this product. Now, what has changed that we are adding up the 
capacity also and obviously, what kind of demand has changed in the last few months?  

 
Balaji Amines Limited 
November 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
D. Ram Reddy: 
See, you are well aware, Mr. Rohit, Balaji is a company that does not go for the manufacturing 
for the sake of numbers. The reason we were not very active in the ACN because the margins 
were very low, the competition for the international market was very high, and we were looking 
for an opportunity for the technology of the better where we can get the better margins.  
 
Now we could achieve in our R&D and the reason we are talking today, the new technology will 
give the advantage, and we have already having the plant. Just adding few equipments, 
integrating, and we are going to launch this new technology with the latest pricing and even you 
will see the quality of the product also will be like HPLC and all.  
Rohit Sinha: 
And second question on our Morpholine side as we have received that BIS mark on that, but 
already we are also adding capacity for one-step forward product for Morpholine. So, is it like 
going to impact in demand also for our new product or we will continue to see a good demand 
for Morpholine?  
D. Ram Reddy: 
The third plant which we are talking today is for the N-Methyl Morpholine or part of the capacity 
can be also used for the Morpholine. Today our capacity is almost 10 to 11,000 tons, we have 
the capacity in both the plants together, and the country's consumption is almost 9,000 to 10,000 
tons. So, looking into the next two years' growth, including the domestic and as well as 
international market, we are adding these capacities whereby partly we will cater for the N-
Methyl Morpholine customers and partly we will take care of the upcoming growth of the 
Morpholine in the country as well as the international market.  
Rohit Sinha: 
And just looking at the overall capacity which we have right now, I mean, lot of capacities are 
about to commission maybe in FY '26 or some would be coming by FY '27 also. So, after all 
these capacities coming into commercial stage, I just wanted to know what kind of volume 
growth we are looking at for Balaji on standalone basis and on consol level for next two, three 
years? 
D. Ram Reddy: 
See, current year, because the new capacities are only part, like if the DME comes in the end of 
the financial year, it may give very little. The reason I am talking about the 10% to 12% on 
annual basis the growth in the current financial year, but definitely after commissioning this, you 
will see the minimum 40,000 to 50,000 tons of the volume will be added into the total 
manufacturing in the next financial year after commissioning this Di-Methyl Ether and the other 
two plants.  
Rohit Sinha: 
And sorry to may be asking again on this DME product. Just I missed out that what is the status 
right now on the DME side for blending?  
D. Ram Reddy: 
Plant is getting ready. So, the commissioning will be ready may be end of the year or may be 
first quarter of the next year we will see the product will out. In the meantime, with the blending 
notification from the Bureau of Indian Standard, which is initiated by the Government of India, 
is at final stage. It shows on the, if you go to the website, if anybody is listening, you can just go 
to the website of the BIS and click on the Di-Methyl Ether situation. It shows that gone for the 

 
Balaji Amines Limited 
November 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
publication. So, it can be because of the elections in the state and the other activities and even 
international country level also, we expect minimum by end of this month the notification should 
out after publication.  
Rohit Sinha: 
And one last question on this DME only. I mean, since we are already adding capacity MA, on 
this full capacity once this DME would be operational, will it required further addition of Methyl 
Amine or that would be sufficient whatever we have added? 
D. Ram Reddy: 
There is no Methyl Amine consumption in the DME. It is totally different. So, it is no way related 
to Methyl Amine, sir. Di-Methyl Ether is totally different.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Anil Shah with Insightful Investment. 
Please go ahead.  
Anil Shah: 
I just wanted to ask a question on, are we not really doing a lot of CAPEX in anticipation of 
things going the way they should? So, we did a large CAPEX for DME in the hope that the 
alternative to LPG will happen. We are still waiting for the notification. We did similar CAPEX 
for a lot of products primarily for battery, but we are seeing that, that is getting delayed quarter 
after quarter, quarter after quarter. And now we have now planned another 750 crores of CAPEX 
in our subsidiary, which today is running at 3 crores EBITDA in the last quarter.  
 
I am not able to understand where exactly are we headed in terms of, obviously, I understand 
China dumping in multiple products. We have seen many other chemical companies also going 
through the same thing, but nobody has planned large CAPEX is on the hope of a few either in 
EV battery charging or the government doing something. We seem to be doing completely on 
that side only, and if these things don't happen, we have seen what happens to our P&L and our 
profitability over the last two years. So, can you just explain, sir, how…? 
D. Ram Reddy: 
Mr. Anil, first of all, you must understand what is going on around the country, you must 
understand the government policies. Then you will not talk all these things. There are almost 
15,000 crores investment at the verge of end in the EV battery. Do you think that these people 
not thought of anything and the Government has spent on the PLI scheme, few thousand crores 
they have allocated  for this battery. So, that is number one.  
 
Number two, you are talking about the DME. You know, how much is import today the LPG. 
There is about 30%, more than 30% of the country's consumption is totally imported today, 
which goes in millions of tons. And I am not talking about I am going total country. If we think 
of catering surrounding these districts, it is more than enough my 100,000 tons.  
 
If I go to the commercial level, if we invest some more money on small cylinders, which we are 
not presently concentrating, we are talking about only bulk, we are talking about only blending. 
If you go to the commercial, we have all survey, check, there is more than 10,000 to 15,000 tons 
in the three districts, consumption of the commercial LPG is there.  

 
Balaji Amines Limited 
November 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
If we cater to them because the government will not come in the way if we cater this to the 
private, and there is an aerosol requirement in the country who are presently struggling for the 
various type of this thing and depending for the imports. So, that is on the DME.  
 
In fact, if many people are thinking if this goes as a 20% blending, we need to go minimum 
another 10 plants like this, the various part of the country. And if you Google what the 
government is thinking on the alternate for the LPG, alternate for the fuels, if you see the 
speeches of the Honorable Cabinet Minister Mr. Nitin Gadkari, so, you will understand all these 
things what is happening around the country.  
 
And number two, you are talking about the specialty chemicals. Did you heard what I said what 
are the products? These are the products country is largely depending on those products. We are 
not producing. Nobody is producing in the country like Tri Ethyl Ortho Formate, Tri Methyl 
Ortho Formate. And we are struggling for imports. During the COVID, there was an acute 
shortage of these products, and there is a reason we have selected all these products. And we are 
not doing any big borrowings, and simply sitting on the cash will not give you any results, right?  
 
We are doing the majority of the expansions from the internal accruals and looking to the future 
thinking of the government, future policies of the government, we have designed. And not, any 
product is not taken a decision in single year. These are all taken a year or two years' time for 
concluding the decisions for taking these products.  
Anil Shah: 
So, coming back to DME, sir, since we have already, obviously, the CAPEX is done, you are 
talking about COD by latest in the first quarter of next year. At optimum capacity utilization, 
what do you think will be the possibilities of an absolute EBITDA that we can make in that 
100,000 tons capacity in DME that we have, sir?  
D. Ram Reddy: 
Mr. Anil, it is very difficult to assume. That is what you people are looking. Everybody, you will 
be very hurry. Before starting the plant, you want to know what is the EBITDA and what is the 
profit.  
Anil Shah: 
But if you have set up the plant, there would be some assumptions that we would have made no, 
sir? We are just asking on what is the, that is all that we are asking, where do you think on a 
rational basis that we can make?  
D. Ram Reddy: 
Let me finish my dear. If I say today 30%, immediately you will ask in the next quarter what 
happened to 30%? That is the reason I am not in a position to tell you.  
Anil Shah: 
So, we are not asking for the quarter. We are asking in a broad year, in a normalized year, and I 
am presuming even next year.  
D. Ram Reddy: 
Broad year already given. It will be at the par with the existing investment. The EBITDA will 
be between 18% to 22%, for all the investment what we are doing.  
Anil Shah: 
On the DME side?  

 
Balaji Amines Limited 
November 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
D. Ram Reddy: 
Yes.  
Anil Shah: 
And so, battery chemicals now, we also believe that some of these companies are going to start 
their production very soon, probably in the next couple of months. All of them would...  
D. Ram Reddy: 
Did you visit them?  
Anil Shah: 
Yes, sir, we visited them.  
D. Ram Reddy: 
Then how did you ask me, why I am planning for the expansion of the plant?  
Anil Shah: 
No, sir, the question to ask here is, sir, what is, they also would have given you.  
D. Ram Reddy: 
Don’t waste your time and my time, my dear. Let us go realistic. If it is realistic, you should tell, 
yes, what you have done, then I have to do.  
Anil Shah: 
Sir, that is what we are asking you from next year perspective, if these plants actually come in 
operations, then what is the kind of revenue that we as a company can provide to these people 
and in the products, particularly going towards battery chemicals.  
D. Ram Reddy: 
I will tell you. See, there are one main solvent which is NMP. So, nobody producing. We are 
only people producing in the country which is required for all the batteries and out of all these 
3-4 people, there are 2 people who already approved the sample. And in fact, they said that we 
will discuss and we will place the order in the November, but when we verified, it is too early. 
Probably, it may take a minimum of another 4 to 6 months' time, may be in first quarter of the 
next year only, the realistic commercial things will happen. That is one thing.  
 
Second thing, they call it as electrolytes. All the carbonates are required in the electrolytes, which 
are only a couple of companies, not all the companies, couple of companies are going to start 
this, where we will be catering this.  
 
And third thing I will tell you, the government has allocated and there are one or two big 
companies have already jumped into these semiconductors. Again, the same products. So, there 
are two-three products from our total basket are required in the semiconductor also, with the 
same little modification in the quality, more of the purity and more of the metals free required. 
Assuming all these things, looking into all these things, we are ready with the capacities. And 
we never expected that people will take two years', three years' time for the commencing.  
 
For your information, there is a company's largest company going for the EV batteries. They 
asked for the sample and price today. They have not even started the land digging. When we 
went and verified the site, they did not start even the land digging and they are asking for the 
price and sample. So, this is the situation with the battery manufacturers. So, the reason we are 
ready with the capacities, but we are waiting for the opportunity.  

 
Balaji Amines Limited 
November 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Anil Shah: 
And sir, other than these two, one being DME and the other obviously being more related to the 
battery chemicals, in general, are we now seeing a little bit more stability in end product pricing? 
And are we seeing the intensity of China's pricing pressure across the world easing a bit?  
D. Ram Reddy: 
Definitely, because there are few products. Like, see, China, other thing also, you must aware 
that U.S. and Europe, they started putting the huge anti-damping on the Chinese products. That 
is another additional opportunity to going around world like U.S. and Europe where you will get 
the opportunities for these new chemicals, which you are talking today that like cyanide-based 
intermediates. In addition to the India, we have an opportunities going around the world.  
 
And yes, you are right that earlier four to six months' time, because prices went rock bottom and 
now started coming to the realistic. This month we have seen something, but it may not be full 
of this quarter, but definitely next quarter onwards, we feel that the prices should come to the 
realistic levels and that will give an advantage to the companies who are having the readymade 
capacities.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question, the last question comes from the line of Bhagwan Chaudhary with 
Shubh Capital.  
Bhagwan Chaudhary: 
Most of the questions have been answered. Just one question I have. This is regarding that you 
had mentioned that the DMA, the new capacity is coming with the new technology as well as 
the ACN also you are coming with the new technology where you will be more competitive in 
terms of the pricing and all. So, how should we think that initial capacities, which we are having, 
will those be obsolete?  
D. Ram Reddy: 
This is the right question you asked me. Number one, the DMA, that Methyl Amine, new 
technology means as of now, all the plants, even we and whatever competitors are having, those 
are by nature, you will get the three products, Di-Methyl Amine, Mono Methyl Amine, Tri-
Methyl Amine. By default, you will get it. And for selling, like if I am not in a position to sell 
my Monomethylamine, sometimes even though I do not have the DMA, I will have to shut my 
plant. That was the situation even for the many people are having the situation.  
 
In this new plant, we can produce single DMA, 100 tons, 110 tons per day without producing 
other two products. That is the beauty of new technology. What we achieved in the Ethylamine’s 
also, I said, this I was telling for the almost one year that Tri-Ethyl Amine alone we can produce 
50 tons, we are producing today without producing other Ethyl Amine’s. So, same thing will 
happen with Methyl Amines. If the DMA demand is there, we can operate only our plant only 
for the DMA. So, that is the beauty of technology. That is the reason I am talking new 
technology.  
Bhagwan Chaudhary: 
And same is true with the other monomethyl, monoamine, this?  
D. Ram Reddy: 
Acetonitrile.  
Bhagwan Chaudhary: 
Mono MethylAmine.  

 
Balaji Amines Limited 
November 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
D. Ram Reddy: 
We will not talk about that.  
Bhagwan Chaudhary: 
The same is true with Mono Methyl Amine, means if you want to produce the 100% Mono 
Methyl Amine, that is also possible?  
D. Ram Reddy: 
No, we can take, plant can be, we can take into the mode of natural, like existing plants. Like 
that you can get all the three products. You cannot get the single MMA and TMA. Only DMA 
which is having the demand for the years. So, we have developed the technology, and we have 
implemented the technology, but the DMA's demand is more or on the wide. There is a reason 
we thought that single DMA can be produced, and we started that last 10 days. We started on 
10th. For your information, yesterday's production was 110 tons, only DMA.  
Bhagwan Chaudhary: 
And you think the initial, the earlier plant will also there be in existence and the requirement for 
other amines will be there, so that will also be functionally equal.  
D. Ram Reddy: 
Yes, you are right.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to the interest of time, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer 
session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Amogh Deshpande for closing 
comments.  
Amogh Deshpande: 
Thanks to all participants and special thanks to the Balaji Amines' management for sharing their 
views on the company Q2 FY '25 performance. We take this opportunity to thank Mr. Ram 
Reddy and his team once again. Would you like to make any closing comments, sir? 
D. Ram Reddy: 
Thank you, Mr. Amogh. Thank you. I would like to thank you all the participants, all the 
investors, stakeholders who have shown the confidence on the company. I am once again 
thankful to you all. I assure you all the members, company will not let you down for the 
investment you made and the company will be with you. All the expansions, investments are 
made by giving the due thought, and I once again thank you all the investors and participants. 
Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Elara Securities Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
