 
 
 
November 22, 2024 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
The General Manager, 
Listing Department, 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Company code: 533333 
The Manager, 
Listing & Compliance Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai - 400051 
Company code: FCL 
 
Subject: Transcript of Q2 FY 2024-2025 Earnings Conference Call held on November 14, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations 2015 
and with reference to our letter dated November 08, 2024, please find enclosed a copy of the transcript of the 
Investors/Analyst Concall held on Thursday, November 14, 2024 at 5.00 PM on Q2 FY 2024-25 financial 
result of the Company.    
 
The above information is also available on the website of the company i.e. www.fineotex.com  
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For FINEOTEX CHEMICAL LIMITED  
 
 
Sunny Parmar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
Encl:  As above  
SUNNY 
BHARATBHAI 
PARMAR
Digitally signed by 
SUNNY BHARATBHAI 
PARMAR 
Date: 2024.11.22 
11:11:43 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2025 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
 
Sanjay Tibrewala   
CFO and Executive Director 
Aarti Jhunjhunwala  
Executive Director 
Arindam Choudhuri  
Chief Executive Officer 

 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2025 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Fineotex Chemicals Limited Q2 FY2025 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Aarti Jhunjhunwala, Executive Director from Fineotex. 
Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Aarti Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you very much and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Q2 FY2025 Earnings 
Conference Call of Fineotex Chemicals Limited. We have provided the financial statements and 
the earnings presentation on both the Stock Exchange and our website, which I trust you had an 
opportunity to review in detail. 
 
Fineotex has maintained steady progress amidst the complex economic environment, staying 
focused on growth, innovation, and sustainable practices. Our position in the Specialty Chemical 
sector, driven by our dedication to delivering high-performance chemical solutions, enabled us 
to adapt to evolving client requirements, while strengthening our presence in both domestic and 
international markets. 
 
This quarter, we achieved several important milestones in alignment with our strategic roadmap. 
Notably, Fineotex participated in the Abu Dhabi International Petroleum Exhibition and 
Conference, ADIPEC 2024. This event provided us with a valuable platform to showcase our 
extensive product portfolio, engage with industry leaders, and reinforce our commitment to 
expanding Fineotex's reach in the global market. The exposure gained through ADIPEC opens 
up business prospects and opportunities for collaboration in the international arena in the oil and 
gas industry. 
 
Our dedication to ESG principles remains at the heart of our mission. We continue to set industry 
standards through ethical practices, transparency, and operational excellence, with our ESG 
initiatives driving sustainable long-term value creation and enhancing trust with our 
stakeholders. In addition to these advancements, we are committed to fostering an empowered 
and engaged workforce. 
 
Recently, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee approved the allotment of 25,052 
equity shares through the Fineotex Chemical Limited ESOP 2020, with 110 employees now 
included for ESOP as of September 30. This initiative underscores our focus on attracting, 
retaining, and rewarding talent, ensuring alignment with Fineotex's growth and organizational 
goals. As we move forward, Fineotex is well-positioned to leverage these strategic initiatives, 
driving our mission of value creation, sustainability, and industry leadership. 
 
With this, I now invite Arindamji to provide a deeper insight into our operational performance 
for this quarter. Thank you so much. 
Arindam Choudhuri: 
Thank you very much, Aartiji. Very warm welcome and good evening to all. We are at Fineotex 
Chemicals Q2 FY2025 Earnings call, Fineotex has continued to pursue a strategic path of 

 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2025 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
diversification, expanding our product portfolio from our initial focus on specialty chemicals for 
the textile industry into complementary segments such as hygiene, oil and gas, among others. 
The expansion aligns with our objective to deliver high-value customized solutions that enhance 
our client operations, underpinned by the trust they place in our brand and product reliability. 
 
Over the past few quarters, we have intensified our focus on operational agility, a cornerstone 
of our competitive advantage in today's fast-paced market. By enhancing efficiency across our 
production processes, we are able to respond to shifting market demands swiftly, ensuring 
minimum lead-time and optimized delivery for our esteemed clients. This operation resilience 
has allowed us to maintain our leadership in the specialty chemical industry. 
 
In R&D, our team has made considerable advancement in eco-friendly and sustainable product 
portfolio in a direction that has not only reinforced our market position, but also facilitate our 
expansion into significant international textile hubs. We remain dedicated to meeting global 
standards of sustainability and innovation, a commitment that will continue to shape our growth 
initiatives. 
 
As we move forward, we remain focused on leveraging our capabilities to explore emerging 
market opportunities, maintaining our commitment to quality, and providing unmatched 
solutions for our clients. 
 
I now invite our Executive Director, Mr. Sanjay Tibrewala, to take us through the company's 
quarterly financial performance and other strategic updates. Over to you, Sanjayji. Thank you. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Thank you, Arindamji, and good evening, everyone. I am pleased to present the financial 
highlights of Q2 FY2025. For Q2 FY2025, Fineotex Chemicals Limited has reported 
consolidated revenue of INR 1,457 million, reflecting a growth of 3% approximately compared 
to the Q1 FY2025. This growth is driven by stable demand and improvement in operational 
efficiency across our key business divisions. 
 
Our profit after tax for the quarter has increased to INR 321 million, a growth of 10% 
approximately compared to Q1 FY2025, maintaining a PAT margin of 22%, which demonstrates 
our continued focus on driving profitability and maintaining operational excellence. 
 
For H1 FY2025, our consolidated revenue from operations stood at INR 2,876 million, reflecting 
a growth of almost 4% YoY basis. Our PAT for H1 FY2025 reached INR 612 million, marking 
a growth of 6.3% compared to H1 FY2024, with a PAT margin of 21.3%. 
 
The Specialty Chemical industry in general remains strong with significant long-term potential. 
However, the current quarter has seen a slowdown in demand due to seasonal factors and certain 
market uncertainties over the raw materials. Despite this, we are optimistic about the sector's 
future. 
 
We anticipate that the demand for Specialty Chemicals will pick up in the coming quarters as 
industry activity strengthens and supply chain stabilizes. The industrial fundamentals remain 
sound and we believe Fineotex is well-positioned to capitalize on future growth opportunities. 

 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2025 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
I would also like to share an exciting update regarding our expansion efforts. The construction 
activity at our new Ambernath plant is progressing at good speed. The new facility, once 
operational, will significantly enhance our manufacturing capabilities and allow us to serve 
better our growing customer base with the highest technological abilities. 
 
We are on track and expect the plant to be operational in the coming year, which will further 
strengthen our position in the Specialty Chemical sector and enable us to meet the increasing 
demand of our products. 
 
We are also pleased to share that ICRA on 11th November upgraded its credit rating for 
Fineotex. The long-term fund-based cash credit rating has been upgraded to ICRA A+, with a 
positive outlook, while the long-term and short-term unallocated rating has been reaffirmed at 
ICRA A+, and ICRA A1+, with a positive outlook. This is a clear indication of the market's 
confidence in our financial stability and growth trajectory. 
 
Additionally, we have completed a successful fund-raise of INR 218 crores through preferential 
allotment of equity shares and commodity warrants, bringing our total fund-raise this year to 
INR 342.55 crores. These funds will be strategically deployed to support both organic and 
inorganic growth, enhancing our capabilities and market position. 
 
Our continued focus on operational efficiency, prudent capital allocation, and value creation for 
stakeholders positions us well for sustained growth. With these accomplishments, we are 
optimistic about the future and look forward to the continued support of our investors and team. 
 
With this, we conclude our opening remarks and we will now open the call for interactive 
question and answer session. Over to you, Siddhant. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first 
question is from line of Kautuk Yemdey from Axanoun Investments. Please go ahead. 
Kautuk Yemdey: 
Congratulations, sir, for the good set of numbers. I had a couple of questions. The question being 
if you could tell us about expenditure in current research and development, either in absolute 
terms or as a percentage of revenue from operations. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Yes, thank you so much for your message. So, as we have mentioned in the past, our lab has 
been accredited by NABL, and this is the second time renewal of NABL. Our lab is established 
in Sasmira, the application lab, which has been certified by NABL.  
 
There are a lot many products which have been certified and a lot of ecological tests and analysis 
which our company has been doing. The percentage earlier, if you compare about two years 
before, it was a higher percentage. As and when the company has been growing in the last two 
years of almost 40% year-on-year growth, the last three years actually and so the percentage has 
been reducing from that point, but the absolute numbers have been increasing. As such, more or 
less, our outflow of R&D budget is almost INR 7 crores to INR 8 crores as we speak today. 
Kautuk Yemdey: 
 Okay, thank you, sir. Thank you so much. 

 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2025 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Thank you so much. 
Kautuk Yemdey: 
Second question. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Kautuk Yemdey: 
The price trend of silicone oil and other major raw materials. What according to you, is the trend 
we are seeing in silicone oil and other raw materials used for specialty chemicals? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
See, as such we have like more than 1,400 SKUs and we are into 450 product categories. The 
total top 10 products for us is not even contributing more than 28% of our revenue. And 
similarly, the top 10 raw materials don't contribute more than 20% of our purchases. 
 
So, I would say, the significance of any raw material on us is not high as such. Now coming to 
silicone oil and other chemicals, I just can give you a general trend about it. What is happening 
in the last three months or last two months especially, there has been a lot of fluctuations in the 
prices of freight coming from China and other countries. 
 
And also there has been pricing variations in the crude oil, which also leads to ups and downs in 
the market. Which also is not, it's so much fluctuating that it's not easy for any manufacturer to 
determine the right time to purchase the raw material. So we have seen certain ups in the prices 
in August, then again little downs and again going up and things like that. 
 
Again speaking so, now the dollar is also picked up by 2% more or less. And also, the freight 
cost, as you know, from China and other countries has increased. There is in fact shortage of the 
containers also. So trend is going up as such at the moment. So I would not be able to comment 
on specifically silicone oils or anything like that, but it is very subjective. There are many kinds 
of silicone oils. 
 
Some are based on block, some are based on D4, some are based on other PDMS and other 
things. So it also depends on the supply demand of that chemistry and also the kind of 
maintenance things going on in the big manufacturers in China and other countries. So I would 
not be able to give you a pinpoint answer to that, but generally speaking, the trend of rising has 
gone up in the last two, three months. 
Kautuk Yemdey: 
Right, sir. And the last question being, if time permits, if you could show some light more 
specifically on the funds raised to preferential allotment and equity warrants? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Yes, absolutely. As we have also announced in the past, we have gone for the fundraise and even 
now, like we have discussed, so we have raised almost INR 342 crores as such. Out of this, some 
more in the warrants. And the promoter, myself, I've also participated up to a tune of INR 45 
crores, out of which INR 12 crores – INR 11.5 crores or something approximately has already 
been paid to the company. The remaining will be done in the next 18 months from the date, let's 
say another 12 months from now. So out of this INR 342 crores the promoter has contributed 
INR 45 crores. And so yes, this has been done with view for the organic and inorganic 
opportunities, which you are very excited about. 

 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2025 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Kautuk Yemdey: 
Okay, sir. That will be all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from line of Kriti Tripathi from NVS Brokerage. Please go 
ahead. 
Kriti Tripathi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Kriti. Can you please switch to handset mode? We are not able to hear 
you. 
Kriti Tripathi: 
Hello. 
Moderator: 
Yes, yes. Please go ahead. 
Kriti Tripathi: 
Yes, yes. Thanks for the opportunity. So based on our Q2 and H1 FY25 results, can we generally 
expect H2 FY25 to pan out on similar lines or better? So this is the first question. And second 
question is any development on the oil and gases segment? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
So yes, as such, historically, always the H2s has been better than the H1s. H1 typically also has 
a monsoon season in which there is a little bit lack in demand for the textile chemicals, also for 
the detergent chemicals. And that trend we have always been seeing. H2 has always been better 
in general purpose. 
 
At the same time, to come to your next question, the sector in oil and gas, yes, we have great 
interesting developments been done on that. In April, we were in OTC, Houston, where we had 
exhibited. Last week, we were in ADIPEC also. This was the first time we have been 
participating in ADIPEC. This is the biggest exhibition and show, it happens in Abu Dhabi every 
year for the Middle East and other markets. 
 
Interestingly, we were quite excited to know that the demand is going to flow from other 
countries to India for those products, which goes more for the oil and gas. Also, the Russian 
demand is looking at India as a supplier. At the same time, there are a lot of opportunities coming 
in. So, we are very excited with the kind of developments we have done. Recently, we are under 
NDA with certain big oil companies as well, with whom we are announcing our product lines 
and developing certain tie-ups. 
 
We will eventually be able to share more details as we go ahead. But this segment is looking 
very exciting. And the growth in this segment, we have already started doing a lot of exports for 
this sector, which was never done in the past. So, in this quarter, this was the first quarter that 
we were able to export our oil and gas specialty chemicals to various countries. And – yes, so, 
that is the answer to your question, Kriti. 
Kriti Tripathi: 
Yes, thank you, sir. Thanks a lot. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Yes, Thank you. 

 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2025 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Karan Kamdar from DR Choksey Finserv. 
Please go ahead. 
Karan Kamdar: 
Hello. Good afternoon, sir. Congrats on a good set of numbers. So, I understand it has been a 
tough market. Can you just help me understand how has the market been like? How has the 
macro been like for the chemical industry? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Thank you very much, Mr. Kamdar. So, like I was also mentioning to the other participants, 
there has been unprecedented fluctuation in the prices of freight and basic chemicals also and 
also US dollars in the last quarter. Generally, we don't see so much fluctuation. Generally, what 
happens is there is a trend which continues for six months. If it's going down, it's going down 
for six months. 
 
If it's going up, it's going up for six months minimum. However, this was the time when we are 
seeing fluctuations, like, one week, you start booking your products and raw materials. By the 
next week, you will see that it's gone up or it's gone down. So, it's very hard to predict the right 
time to do that. And obviously, the customers in most any markets will always be not ready to 
accept your -- the new prices or higher prices or whatever it is. 
 
Luckily, as you know, we are into speciality chemicals. And for the last 54 quarters of being 
listed, you might have seen our EBITDA have always been at least 18% for any of the quarters 
from 2011 from the time we have got listed. And in the last six years there has been enough ups 
and downs in the market. And even after that, we have been able to have a gross margins of at 
least 35% to 40% in this range. So, this also depicts what kind of speciality chemicals which we 
are producing, which has a very high entry and exit barriers. 
 
So, as such, it doesn't affect our profitability that these kinds of jumps in the prices to a massive 
extent. But obviously, it can always be better to have a 100 basis point additional EBITDA or 
200 basis point additional EBITDA. But if you also see, we have been able to maintain our 
EBITDA margins, which is almost 25% even in this quarter. So, as such, we have been able to 
have more better product mix of speciality chemicals, sustainable product lines, which is helping 
us to add and deliver more value to the customer at the same time helping us to have healthy 
EBITDAs. So, this is the trend actually. 
 
From the demand point of view, we have done very well in textiles. There has been growth in 
the volume in textiles by almost 14% to 15% Q-o-Q basis. And in fact, Y-o-Y basis, there has 
been in fact, further growth of almost, I can say 17% to 18% in the textile division. 
 
In health and hygiene, there has been slightly downfall on that lines about almost 10% to 15% 
lower volumes and lower realization also because of this trend, which is happening in the FMCG. 
A lot of our customers are rebuilding their portfolios and the new products have been launched. 
And then always when there is a change in the product, there is always a period of slackness or 
changeover of the brands or changeover of the recipes and things like that. 
 
So, it's readjustment of product line, which is happening at the customer's end. And also, 
generally, monsoons are not a great season for the detergent business as such, because generally 

 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2025 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
the rural markets and the markets at large are not using the detergents a lot. So, this is something 
which will cover it up. So, we are not having any kinds of pessimism on that at all. It will be 
reviving very quickly. And what is happening is there are a lot many new products, which we 
have launched, which have great sustainability portion of it, which will be going to the detergents 
and the textile as well. 
 
At the same time, in this quarter, we are pleased to inform that we have started exporting our 
water treatment chemicals also, which is similar to the oil and gas industry as such, but it is 
going for water applications. We have been able to export it. This is also some breakthrough 
which we have got in the Middle East. So, as such, this was one of the quarters where many 
things started shaping up. And obviously, once it gets matured, we'll be able to see that in good 
numbers. 
Karan Kamdar: 
Okay, got it, sir. Sir, I would like to ask the next question. If possible, could you share how has 
been the update like on the acquisition? By when could we see a more detailed update and further 
guidance? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
See, as such, what's the maximum information I can give on this platform, It's something which 
we have already mentioned on the stock exchange also, that we are on an advanced stage of 
discussion with certain company and a lot of documentations and exchanges and due diligence 
and legal and finance, as you know, these things have to be well done. 
 
And knowing our management by now, we are very much disciplined in deployment of cash, as 
you have seen. And so, we are very much, let's say, cautious in our approach and we prefer to 
go step by step and being very sure about the actions which our company will be taking.  
 
And as we are also in the year-end now, and as soon as it touches November, most of the 
European and American companies are on a little lower level of approaches. So, we are hoping 
to keep things up. And as soon as we do it, we'll be coming up to the investors via the stock 
exchange medium to update them. 
Karan Kamdar: 
Got it, sir. Thank you. That’s it from side. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Right now, the best thing I can say is that the funds are ready and there is a great amount of 
internal accruals with the company. This is the strongest quarter financially, I would say, where 
the company has super strong war chest funds available for any kind of organic and inorganic 
expansion. By the way, our organic expansion, we have already been deploying the funds in the 
new Ambernath plant and the new office also which has been set up. 
 
So, going forward, I think, and also there is a good accumulation which we will be seeing of 
cash generated from operations in the coming quarters. By and large, we are very hopeful about 
the position where we are today. And this is the right time when we are looking at more 
acquisitions right now and which can be immediately grabbed. Rather than we get the 
opportunity and then we go for the fundraising. Now, the situation is that we have the funds and 
we are just trying to get on to that acquisition opportunities quicker. 
Karan Kamdar: 
Got it, sir. Thank you. That's it from my side. 

 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2025 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Thank you, Karanji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next is a follow-up question from the line of Kautuk Yemdey from Axanoun 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Kautuk Yemdey: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. One last question from my side. If you could tell us about the 
situation from international markets, like in previous earnings calls, you have mentioned that the 
biggest competitor you have are foreign companies. So, what is the current outlook of those 
companies? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Well, I mean, everyone will have the same external factors. Everyone will have the pain of the 
Chinese prices, Chinese shortages, container shortages and the global geopolitical situation, 
which we all are watching very much and getting affected in all the industries, not only chemicals 
as such. So, everyone is in the same boat as such. 
 
And coming to the point is that we are more stronger at the moment than where we were before, 
which gives us the confidence. The customers are also increasing the number of products with 
us. We have developed a lot many new solutions and products, which are shaping up rapidly. 
That is the reason you can see a good growth in our textile core speciality businesses. 
 
As this has been going forward, we are very confident that the coming quarters will be much 
better than where we are. The competitors from European companies in the detergent and 
cleaning hygiene businesses and in textiles, if you talk about the biggest companies like 
Archroma and others, these companies, they are also being in the same thing like Bangladesh 
issues and other things. 
 
But as such, like Bangladesh, we had some issues for some couple of weeks, which has got 
totally resolved. In fact, we are increasing our team members more in Bangladesh right now. 
And we are very excited with the kind of opportunities we are getting. So, these things are 
shaping up. It is getting better and better as we are going ahead. And I mean, that's all about it. 
There is nothing greatly changed in the last three months in external companies or us. 
Kautuk Yemdey: 
Okay, fair enough. Thank you very much. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Anupam Agarwal from Lucky Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Anupam Agarwal:  
Hi, Sanjay. Good evening and congratulations on good numbers. My first question is on your 
volume. We have done about 33,000, 34,000 tons, which is largely flattish on the half H1 over 
H1. What is your sense, if I see the entire FY25, you mentioned in one of your comments that 
the second half is largely better and higher than H1? What exactly are we looking at in terms of 
volume given this year? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Thanks, Anupamji, for your kind words. So, as such, as you have pointed it out, we have already 
done almost 33,000, 34,000 tons this H1. And as you also know about the product mix, there are 

 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2025 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
a lot of products which keeps changing. Like if you are doing more of exports, the point is that 
we have to give products which have more purity. More purity means the volumes are the same, 
but we will have to increase the pricing of it to give them and to save their freight cost. 
 
Now, this is again picking up. So, volumes are one side. Yes, it's increasing. It will keep on 
increasing, but there is a product mix which also keeps fluctuating at the same time. So, 
nonetheless, what is more important for us has been our PAT growth and EBITDA growth in 
absolute numbers. This is the way we have been always looking at things. The H2 will be 
definitely much better than the H1. 
 
And we are also seeing a lot of positivity in all the kinds of businesses which we are, whether 
it's textile, cleaning and hygiene, detergents, oil and gas, and water treatment. This is really 
looking much excited than the last quarter, actually. So, the excitement which comes now will 
be reflected in the coming H2. 
 
We would be able to feel that, if you see in the last three years, we might have done more than 
40% CAGR Y-o-Y basis. In the last five, six, or let's say in the last 54 quarters, or let's say in 
the last 13 years of being listed, our CAGR has been 28% broadly. So, I would say that we will 
be at least be able to have in the coming couple of years, you know, having at least 28 to 30% 
Y-o-Y growth. This is what we are looking at. 
Anupam Agarwal:  
Understood. My second question is, if you can broadly give a sense of how the export volume 
growth has been and how the domestic volume growth has been. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
So, as such, our exports have slightly increased. It is now almost 30% from our earlier was I 
think 25% to 24% or something like that. 
Anupam Agarwal:  
Okay. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
This has increased definitely. This is also because of the increase in the textile chemical exports, 
Bangladesh picking up. We had also participated in Vietnam. In fact, we have been participating 
every month in some or the other international shows, which you can see on our LinkedIn profile 
and via various social media things. And like Vietnam was one. Last week, we had also in 
Bangladesh, the biotechs, the European company, which is our subsidiary, they had also 
participated in Bangladesh, while we were in ADIPEC in Abu Dhabi. 
 
So, these things are going on. We are getting very popular. The brand value is well recognized 
and respected. At the same time, the customers are appreciating the kind of R&D investments 
we have done. I would like to probably also say, we have the highest number of products under 
ZDHC and ecological approved product lines under GOTS and ZDHC amongst any other 
company. 
 
Almost, I think we have crossed 250 products in that category itself, whereas, even if we 
compare to the likes of the European multinationals, they will not have more than 150 or 200. 
So, this also reinforced in the minds of the customers how technical company we are and how 
we are focused on our R&D and getting better than others, much ahead than others. So, this is 
shaping up very well. We have increased a lot in geographies, a lot in distributors. Our numbers 

 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2025 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
have been increased in marketing. There are a lot of actions which have been done on the ground. 
And yes, these things are going to surely be seen in the coming times. 
Anupam Agarwal:  
Right. So, just an extension of this. So, coming to Eurodye and Healthguard, so what traction 
are we seeing in terms of global inquiries with regards to this tie-up that we have? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
See, what happens in textiles as we know that there are always trends coming up. Now, the new 
trend which has come up due to the geopolitical situation is that there is a big requirement of the 
technical textiles because of the defense. Now, India is trying to be a good player in the world 
for technical textile and defense. The biggest players in the world is Turkey, Pakistan and Brazil 
as such. And as the more and more geopolitical situations and unrest and war situations are 
ongoing, this means more demand for such kind of fabrics. 
 
Now, companies are not asking for antimicrobial much. People are appreciating, yes, you have 
the right product and the right quality, but this is not picking up because this is not in the trend. 
There is no COVID now. And in fact, I think even if COVID comes back, the demand for these 
chemicals will be coming back surely, but we are not sure how much, up to what level it can 
reach. 
 
It all depends on the brand. What does Walmart and Target and Turner Bianca think about it? 
How would they like to position their brands in the market if there is, again, the beginning of 
COVID or something which realize. Right now, the quality is more on the technical textiles, 
water repellent, blood repellent, moisture management and things like that, where we are very 
strong in. And this is also going to help us a lot. At the same time, we have been increasing our 
approach to lot many customers across Bangladesh, Vietnam, India. So that's helping us. 
Anupam Agarwal: 
So because of the exhibition that we take part in and the tie-ups that we have, are we getting 
inbound interest from global customers with respect to the new category of products we are 
entering into? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Definitely. This helps a lot. There is no doubt about it. So we have many kinds of models. One 
is -- we keep increasing our wallet share with the existing customers. That is one, which helps 
us a lot with the new product, which we are launching always. And also, we keep increasing our 
geographies and distributor network, which helps us to increase the customers and their attention 
towards it. So this is what we have been doing and also helping us a lot. 
 
At the same time, we have been giving a lot of accountability and responsibility on our shoulders, 
which is helping the customers to be more satisfied with us. Like I can give you an example 
where we have started doing entire package offers. So what we have started doing in the recent 
past also, I mean, we were doing it in the earlier days in a couple of quarters before, we initiated 
those time, but now things are picking up where we go and do the entire guarantee of the fabric 
for the customer from unfinished to finished, in which we can give a basket of a product, we 
give our own recipes. 
 
What helps us is that we get the orders of the basket of the products rather than a couple of 
products. What helps the customer by that is they are satisfied with the accountability. 

 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2025 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Otherwise, what used to happen in the market like if one of the raw materials in the fabric is not 
working well, the blame will not be taken by the supplier and one will push it to the other 
shoulders and this and that. But here, we will be more accountable, which helps the customers. 
 
And also importantly, the costing is controlled for the customer. So we fix the price for them. 
Like, this is the price per kilo, rupees per kilo, rupees per meter for them, which helps them to 
be satisfied that they don't need to worry on the costing, whether the dose goes higher or lower, 
they only have to pay as much as what we have promised for. It's like a fixed fare kind of 
approach. Instead of, like the taxi meter, we are doing a fixed fare approach in which they are 
more satisfied about their cost. This is something which I can give an analogy to you about. This 
has helped us. 
 
At the same time, we have also convinced the customers' customers, like we have approached 
the brands who are giving their fabrics on job works to many textile companies in India. And 
now as we have got approvals from them, they are insisting their suppliers that is our customers 
to use Fineotex products only so that they can get consistency in their output of the fabric which 
we are doing in numerous places in India. 
 
So their qualities are more consistent when they export their fabric. So these are the things which 
we have been doing a lot. And in fact, I would say, which we are doing a lot and our European 
co-producers are not able to do or are not interested to do whatever we could say so. So this 
gives us an edge over there. 
Anupam Agarwal: 
My third question is on the expansion of our Ambernath facility. By when are we looking to 
commission the plant and what is the ideal volume that we can get so from the plant? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
So the first step would be to have the Phase 1, which will be around 18,000 to 20,000 tons. That 
is number one. And we are hopeful that by the beginning of the next financial year, it should be 
up. And as you know when the plants have been commissioned, there are so many kinds of 
approvals being taken from the central, from the state, from the local authorities and everything  
has to be done in the perfect way. 
 
So the initial commissioning does take time. However, once the Phase 1 is done, after that, the 
incremental increase in the production will not take so much cost or time. As you have also seen 
in our Ambernath 1 plant, which was started 3 years back, we have started with 20,000 tons and 
now it's 61,000 tons. And it is done beautifully within time, within cost parameters, and it has 
been done in a way where the expenses are very much controlled. So this is what ideally we are 
looking at to be done. 
Anupam Agarwal: 
So on the 20,000… 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Also, we'll be shifting some of the product lines and machines from the Mahape, Navi Mumbai 
plants over there, which will help us to also have a better cost of production in the new facility 
where we'll be having a faster reaction machining, faster technology to move in and move out 
the raw materials and the finished goods. 
Anupam Agarwal: 
So Q1 of '26, we will have 124,000 tons in the Phase 1 of Ambernath facility? 

 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2025 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Or maybe 122,000… 
Anupam Agarwal: 
So that's Q1 of FY26. And by when we are looking to even maybe announce the acquisition, 
either Q4 of FY25 or Q1 FY26? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
See, I mean, the most important thing for an acquisition is that to be very sure about the kind of 
pricing we are paying, the kind of asset we are getting and to be very sure about the customers' 
engagement with them and things like that. And most important thing, the funds to be in place. 
Because we cannot have the acquisition first being fixed and then we go to get the funds. 
 
I think that's not the right approach because once the deal is on the table, you cannot go to the 
bank or the market or whatever it is to line up your funds. It has to be lined up first and then you 
look for it because then the probabilities of it falling off is much higher.  
Anupam Agarwal: 
Yes. What sort of plants are we looking at either it is water chemical or oil and gas or what 
exactly are we looking at 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
We are looking at companies which are fungible. It's not necessary to be only one sector, 
something like us, something similar to our ROCs and ROEs, something similar to our EBITDA 
margins, something similar to the fungibility which we have, where we can produce in the same 
facilities, various kinds of chemical specialties depending on the kind of the industry we want 
to cater to. So this is what ideally we would love to do. 
Anupam Agarwal: 
These would be plants which are already up and running and doing good enough margins and 
profits or these are slightly distressed plants which are not able to run properly or what? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
No, no, not at all. Good question. Thanks for asking this because I never thought that this could 
also be one of the point to be clarified. So we would never like to buy distressed assets or 
anything like that because we believe that we are not those, with experience of that. We have 
done our first mid end acquisition in 2011, as you know. So in March 2011, when we came up 
with an IPO, we raised the funds and we deployed the funds within 4 months of raising, and we 
invested in this company, which is founded by Europeans, producing specialty chemicals in 
Malaysia called Biotech. 
 
Now the Europeans and the Germans are still 28% shareholder even now of this company and 
are running it very well. At the same time, our team and directors are well placed there, and they 
are taking care of the top management activities as well. So we are very sure that we will not be 
able to accept any distressed assets or something which we have to start from scratch. We– don't 
believe in that thing much. Rather, we want something which is running, up and running where 
they may have a succession issue in the company. And in chemicals, we do often see a succession 
issue because the new generation generally are not too inclined to have businesses in specialty 
chemicals or chemicals for whatever reason. 
 
So that is also helping us to give certain opportunities. And also, we are looking at what kind of 
cross-selling we can do. Now this is very interesting for us because, as you know, we are in 
India, we have a lot many chemistries. We are handling a lot many product lines. Now these 
products can be accepted in their existing customers, which can take us to a different level. So 

 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2025 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
we are considering a lot of things before we make any kind of decisions on it. That's why it takes 
time. And we are very much disciplined in our deployment of funds. We have always been cash 
rich, as you might have seen in the last 13 years of being listed. 
 
So we would like to go step by step. We are not in a hurry, and it's better to have the best deal 
because if some deal in inorganic acquisition doesn't go well, it's not only you lose money, but 
you use lose your important 5 years of the -- how do I say, the specialty chemical cycle, I would 
say. Time is also very much important than money. 
 
So it's better to be more careful rather getting quickly into something which we regret like some 
of the other co-producers of our industry, most of them have repented after doing an acquisition 
because it was done in a hurry. And then at the end of the day, these guys put in a lot of extra 
valuation to it and then their customers are not going to pay extra value for any extra cost of the 
company which they have purchased. So anyway, this is the thought process the management 
has. 
Anupam Agarwal: 
Perfect. Thank you so much Sanjay for answering all the questions and wish you all the best and 
talk to you next quarter. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Thank you so much Mr. Agarwalji. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as our last question. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Sanjay Tibrewala for closing comments. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Thank you very much all the participants for hearing us and being together with the company. 
There is a lot of more information which we are happy to share, you can connect our Investor 
Relations Churchgate Partners or you can access and visit our portals also to get all the 
transcripts. We'll be happy to share maximum information and see you soon. Good evening, and 
have a good weekend. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Fineotex Chemical Limited, that concludes this conference. We 
thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2025 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
 
For further information, please contact: 
 
 
 
             
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability 
 
 
Corp. Office: 42-43, Manorama Chambers, S. V. Road Bandra (West), Mumbai - 400 050, India 
         Web: www.fineotex.com 
        CIN: L24100MH2004PLC144295 
 
 
 
 
Cautionary Statement: This release contains statements that contain “forward looking statements” including, but 
without limitation, statements relating to the implementation of strategic initiatives, and other statements relating to 
Fineotex’s future business developments and economic performance. While these forward-looking statements 
indicate our assessment and future expectations concerning the development of our business, a number of risks, 
uncertainties and other unknown factors could cause actual developments and results to differ materially from our 
expectations. These factors include, but are not limited to, general market, macro-economic, governmental and 
regulatory trends, movements in currency exchange and interest rates, competitive pressures, technological 
developments, changes in the financial conditions of third parties dealing with us, legislative developments, and 
other key factors that could affect our business and financial performance. Fineotex undertakes no obligation to 
publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future / likely events or circumstances. 
 
 
Rajiv Pandya / Anvita Raghuram 
Churchgate Partners 
fcl@churchgatepartners.com  
+91 22 6169 5988 
