 
 
 
Letter No. FFL/SEC/2024-25/SE-118 
                    Date: 21.11.2024 
The Manager  
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block Bandra 
Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: FUSION 
Scrip Code: 543652 
 
Sub: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – 
Transcript of Q2&H1 FY24-25 Earnings Conference Call. 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
In continuation to our Letter No. FFL/SEC/2024-25/SE-116 dated November 16, 2024 regarding Audio 
Recording of Q2&H1 FY24-25 Earnings Conference Call on the Un-Audited Financial Results of the 
Company for the Quarter and Half year ended September 30, 2024, we hereby inform that the 
transcript of the aforesaid call is available on the Company’s website at www.fusionfin.com . This can 
be also accessed via the following link: 
 
Link: https://fusionfin.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/11/Transcript-of-Q2H1-FY24-25-Earnings-
Conference-Call-16.11.2024.pdf 
 
The aforesaid Call commenced at 1:00 PM (IST) and concluded at 2:00 PM (IST) on November 16, 2024. 
 
Request you to take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
Sincerely, 
For Fusion Finance Limited  
(Formerly Fusion Micro Finance Limited)  
 
 
 
Deepak Madaan 
Company Secretary & Chief Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A24811  
Place: Gurugram 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DEEPAK 
MADAAN
Digitally signed by 
DEEPAK MADAAN 
Date: 2024.11.21 
17:31:38 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Fusion Finance Limited Q2 FY-25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 16, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DEVESH SACHDEV – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - FUSION FINANCE 
LIMITED. 
MR. GAURAV MAHESHWARI - CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER - FUSION FINANCE LIMITED. 
MR. TARUN MEHNDIRATTA - HEAD CUSTOMER 
LOYALTY PROGRAM & NEW INITIATIVE - FUSION 
FINANCE LIMITED. 
MR. SUNIL MUNDRA – COO, MFI BUSINESS - FUSION 
FINANCE LIMITED. 
MR. DEEPAK MADAAN - COMPANY SECRETARY AND 
CHIEF COMPLIANCE OFFICER - FUSION FINANCE 
LIMITED. 

 
Fusion Finance Limited 
November 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Fusion Finance Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchstone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
From the management today we have Mr. Devesh Sachdev MD and CEO; Mr. Gaurav 
Maheshwari, CFO; Mr. Sunil Mundra, COO of the MFI Business; Mr. Tarun Mehndiratta, Head 
Customer Loyalty Program & New Initiative; and Mr. Deepak Madaan, Company Secretary and 
Chief Compliance Officer. 
We will have opening comments from the management team post which we will open the call 
for Q&A. With that, I will hand over the call to Mr. Devesh Sachdev. Thank you, and over to 
you sir. 
Devesh Sachdev: 
Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining Fusion’s Q2 Financial Year 24-25 Results 
Conference Call. I am here along with my colleague Sunil, who has recently joined as Chief 
Operating Officer for our MFI vertical, Tarun, who is now handling Customer Loyalty Program 
and New Initiatives. Gaurav, the CFO and Deepak Madaan, who is Chief Compliance Officer 
and IR. I hope you got a chance to go through our investor presentation for Q2 FY25.  
As we all know, the microfinance industry has been facing headwinds since past few months. In 
our last earnings call, we were one of the few MFIs which had highlighted the increasing stress 
in the sector. The headwinds in MFI were not evenly spread across the country, and there were 
few states that experienced elevated levels of stress on asset quality. A large part of the 
differential impact for the various micro finance lenders can also be attributable to their exposure 
to those geographies. As part of our early recognition of portfolio stress and to ensure that we 
have adequate coverage, we had made an upfront provisioning in June quarter. We had also 
shared an early estimate of expected provisioning of between 500 to 550 crore for Q2 FY25 in 
mid-September, which was subject to limited review by auditors. 
I would like to mention that post the review of our auditors, our actual credit cost for Q2 FY25 
has been determined at Rs.693 crore. The elevated provisioning has been due to us proactively 
taking accelerated provisions due to observed rapid deterioration in the on-ground collections. 
Looking at our portfolio performance and challenges faced by the sector, our auditor wants to 
bring to the attention that there are covenant breaches that will require waivers. We are in 
discussion with our lenders and rating agencies. We have received all the waivers in Q1 and 
remain confident that similar waivers will be granted further too. Importantly, we believe that 
these breaches are temporary in nature and we have already planned additional remedial 
measures, including the rights issue of up to INR 550 crore, on which we have been working on 

 
Fusion Finance Limited 
November 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
the last month or so. Now that our Q2 numbers are out, we have fast tracked the process and 
hope to file it within this quarter. 
Would like to highlight that our balance sheet remains strong, with a capital adequacy of 24.4% 
as of September ‘24 with a robust liquidity position of INR 1700 crore plus as of Q2 FY25. 
Now, I would like to talk about the measures which we have undertaken to ease the stress and 
bring the business back on track. Firstly, I would like to talk about the steps on improving the 
collections. As highlighted in the last call we now have a senior resource as collection head. We 
have strengthened our collections team as well, and now we have a robust team of 550+, 
dedicatedly focused on 60+ DPD bucket. We have strengthened our tele-calling infrastructure 
to reinforce outreach to our customers for better recoveries. We have also appointed third party 
agencies in the few of the geographies to recover dues from 90+ DPD customers. Additionally, 
we have rejigged the incentive structures across business team to increase focus on collections.  
Second, we have tightened our credit criteria. As a result, our new customer onboarding criteria 
is now tighter than the MFIN guardrails for new clients. This has calibrated our overall 
disbursements which have dropped to Rs.1661 crore from Rs 2987 crore in Q1. This has also 
led to a rise in our rejection rates, while ensuring that we are building a quality portfolio. Here, 
I would like to highlight that while at the sectoral level, the uncertainty still persists regarding 
the duration of this situation and customer behavior evolution as core issues gradually normalize. 
We are observing some early positive signs, though these remain in an nascent stage. 
Sectoral measures are showing results and over-debtness is beginning to decline. The rural 
agriculture economy is expected to improve due to favorable monsoons, which is likely to 
enhance income levels. Specific to Fusion, as we continue to progressively align with the 
changing external environment, we are observing the following trends. Early preemptive actions 
taken in the previous quarter, followed by a sector-wide guardrails issued by MFIN have 
moderated the composition of portfolio, vis-a-vis customers having equal to or more than four 
lenders with a corresponding impact on over-debtness levels. We have mentioned this in slide 
number #9. 
Collection performance seems to be stabilizing, and we continue to monitor the same closely. 
Further, in addition to the measures that I spoke about, we have also taken more steps to address 
the current challenges and support the healthy growth of the business. To tackle the issue of low 
center meeting attendance, we have already reduced our customer handling per relationship 
officer to 380 customers per relationship officer, so that we can improve our customer outreach 
on ground with strong focus on customers with irregular attendance. Further, we have been 
working on our customer loyalty program while it is in an early phase. We have received 
encouraging response from our customers, and we have seen improvement in their attendance 
wherever this program has been launched. 

 
Fusion Finance Limited 
November 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
In addition to this, we also have a separate tele-calling infrastructure for customers up to 60 DPD 
which is helping us to increase touch points with our customers and enhance engagement. The 
moderation in client handling per field officer will also help in reducing workload and attrition 
at the ground level. Apart from this, we have also stepped up our efforts in training our field 
staff so that they are well equipped in a dynamic environment. We also taking several other steps 
to motivate and incentivize the field staff. We have continued to strengthen the executive 
leadership team of the company, and as previously mentioned have initiated a search to appoint 
a new CEO, which is also on track. Additionally, we are also initiating a project to further review 
and enhance our internal policies and processes with respect to disbursements, over and above 
the changes we have already made. From a medium term perspective, our focus remains on 
enhancing our IT capabilities to improve our operational efficiencies, field personal management 
and risk controls. We see this as critical going forward  given our extensive geographical 
presence. 
Our other key focus areas would be our MSME vertical, as we ramp up our efforts to expand it’s 
share in our overall business. Our MSME AUM has grown to Rs.620 crore, with almost 78% of 
portfolio being secured. We have implemented new loan origination and customer management 
tech platform, which has been built in-house, once fully rolled out, it will bring in better 
operational efficiency and scalability. Our MSME portfolio quality continues to be healthy. At 
the overall company level, I would like to reiterate that we continue to remain adequately 
capitalized, which will be further strengthened post the completion of the rights issue. As 
mentioned earlier, we continue to maintain healthy liquidity in excess of 1700 crores. I would 
like to assure you, that our strong focus is on improving collection efficiency and thereby our 
overall portfolio quality. As seen in the past, second half of the financial year should see better 
rural activity. We are hopeful this will aid in our recovery process. We remain watchful and 
continue to evaluate the situation on quarter-on-quarter basis while taking measured approach. 
Thank you very much. With this, I hand over the call to my colleague, Gaurav.  
Gaurav Maheshwari:  
Thank you, Devesh. Good afternoon, everyone. Firstly, I would like to talk about our liability 
side, including fundraising, capital position and liquidity. In Q2 FY25 we have raised 1513 
crores, including direct assignment of 435 crores, and till H1 we are able to raise INR 4060 
crores, including direct assignment of 915 crores. In the month of September, we drew the 
remaining tranche of $5 million from DFC, which is US International Development Finance 
Corporation. As on September 30th, our liquidity stands at 1800 crores approx. and we have 
sanctions in hand of approximately 1500 crores. Refer slide number #26 for stable liquidity 
position from October to March 25. 
We are maintaining a healthy capital adequacy of 24.39% as on 30th September. And as 
mentioned by Devesh, we are in a process to raise capital under the rights issue. Our marginal 
cost of fund has further reduced by 4 bps on quarter-on -quarter basis, and 53 bps on year-on-
year basis. Average cost of fund has decreased by 50 bps on year-on-year basis and by 4 bps on 
quarter-on-quarter basis. The NIM of the company has reduced by 15 bps to 11.48% from Q1 

 
Fusion Finance Limited 
November 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
and increased by 37 bps on year-on-year basis. QoQ drop is largely due to the higher write off 
taken in this quarter. The interest income of the company grew by 0.77% on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis and 26.02% on year-on-year basis. The total income has reduced by 0.42% on a quarter-
on-quarter basis and increased by 23.19% on a year-on-year basis. 
Cost to income ratio stands at 40.41% which as Devesh has mentioned that we have rationalized 
the manpower on the field level, where RO productivity has been reduced to a particular level. 
And apart from that, we have revamped the incentive structure for the collection team and the 
regular field staff. The operating cost has increased by 21 bps on a quarter-on-quarter basis. As 
mentioned earlier for cost-to-income ratio, the major reason is the incentive structure and the 
rationalization of the manpower at a field level. 
Operating cost for MFI business is 6.18% and MSME business contributes 0.30% for Q2 FY25. 
As on September 30th, 2024 the pre-provision operating profit is INR 284 crores increased by 
17.39% on a year-on-year basis and decreased by 4.67% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. The ECL, 
as on September stands at 1140 crores, which includes 59.50 crores of management overlay. We 
have done total write off in H1 of Rs 254.84 crores. And in Q2 we have done write off of INR 
196.44 crores. The de-recognition of interest pertaining to this write off is 34.41 crores in Q2. 
The gross NPA stands at 9.41% and net NPA stands at 2.41%. In this quarter as I mentioned 
earlier, we have done direct assignment of 435 crores. The DA outstanding as of September 30, 
2024 is approximately 11.70% of the total book, and we will continue to do so as per the market 
condition. Thanks and now we can open the floor for the question-and-answer. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Just two questions, first things first, in the opening remarks you highlighted the external 
challenges which are there, if you could also just highlight what are the deficiencies that you 
have identified internally, because I am sure you will also acknowledge our performance, our 
asset quality, our credit cost, are much higher than what you have seen in the rest of the industry. 
So what are the deficiencies that you have identified, maybe in your processes, controls, 
supervisory levels, that is the first question. The second one is, what is the basis on which your 
auditor has put out the note on the going concern premise, so he went through the note where 
you have spoken about almost 5000 crores of liabilities which are repayable on demand given 
the breaches in covenants. So if you could just throw some more light on that, just trying to 
understand, what is the probability that maybe Fusion might default to its liabilities going ahead, 
particularly what is the support that our two promoters have shown in this regard. And lastly, 
which are those five banks where only on your liability side, which have the highest exposure to 
Fusion today? 
Management: 
Yes, so thank you. I will first like to take your question on whether we have identified any 
deficiency or process and everything. My answer to this is, when you look back you can always 

 
Fusion Finance Limited 
November 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
say that you could have done more. But, I don't think anywhere we have found any such 
deficiency. We as an evolving organization always look at our processes  for where we want to 
strengthen. That is what we have been doing, if you look at the fact that the sector itself is going 
through a challenge. We have been putting out the leverage of the customer in all our past 
conference calls, and this has an accentuated by the customer, overall center meeting, discipline, 
door-to-door collection, some pain at the ground. So what we have noticed is that, overall the 
profile of the customer, the credit profile of the customer, has weakened because of this over 
leverage. That is what is our observation, and that is the reason that even at a sector level if you 
see, everyone has come together for this four lender guardrail though, Fusion we have always 
been ahead. Even we had that guardrail since 2022 and we have now kept it more stringent. And 
then overall,  some of the aspects of the sector are changing and we are aligning with that. Like, 
we mentioned even in the last call that now you need to have a separate collection team that we 
have put in place, because of the model, simply the guy who was doing the sourcing was also 
doing the collection, but now because the customer profile and the difficulties are in the field, 
due to customer, the boy has to go door-to-door, and then there are in some pockets, there are 
outside influences on because of the pain, people who have illegal agencies who are trying to 
influence customer not to pay. And you have also seen there are various disruptions which may 
have accelerated this situation because there were floods. We had highlighted the floods last year 
in Punjab in Northern India, Rajasthan, MP, we have also highlighted the pain in Punjab because 
of the factors which are outside the control of the sector, which is the Karj Mukti Abhiyan. 
Similarly, in  Q1 we have seen heat waves and all that. So, the point where I am trying to drive 
away is that there were some of these factors which also have played a role in impacting the 
customers, actually impacting their livelihood, and the customers are not able to pay on time. 
We have seen in the past, if you go back, look at the sector, how resilient it was during the 
demon, all the events which happened after demon and COVID. What we have seen is that there 
are certain customer who are taking some time. There are some delays, we are seeing even in 
the higher bucket some customers are trying to make a payment. Once the overall leverage of 
the sector is going down, which we have referred in Slide #9, which is clearly visible even in 
our portfolio, and overall economic activity at the ground will go up. And I am sure that this 
customer will come back as the way this customer has come back in the past in various events. 
So this is my response on your first point, the second point you mentioned about that, about this 
covenant breach, because we have done an oversized, overall provisioning in this quarter, and 
some due to acceleration of provisions. Our auditor thought it prudent to bring to the attention 
that there are covenant breaches that will require waivers. You asked about our confidence. In 
the past we have received all the waivers till Q1 for the covenant breaches, even in Q1. We have 
got all the waivers as I mentioned in my commentary, we are in discussion with the lenders and 
rating agencies. We remain confident that similar waivers will be granted further too, and these 
breaches are temporary in nature. We have already planned our rights issue; I can confirm again 
that our promoters are completely behind this 550 crore rights issue. We have been working on 
it for the last month or so, now because we were waiting for our Q2 results to be out so that we 
can do the filing. The filing process has been fast tracked, and you will see that we are confident 
that within this quarter we will be able to file this and as far as our liquidity is concerned, we 

 
Fusion Finance Limited 
November 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
have a strong balance sheet capital adequacy of 24.4% and we have a robust liquidity of upwards 
of INR 1700 crore, which gives us confidence that we will be able to continue to remain 
sustainable going forward. Regarding your other query, Gaurav can you answer on some specific 
point on the number of lenders, top lenders. 
Gaurav Maheshwari: 
So the top five lenders are HSBC, Axis Bank, Yes Bank, ICICI, SIDBI. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. And roughly, the top two, three will be in excess of 200, 300 crores? 
Gaurav Maheshwari: 
So, they are having an exposure of more than 500 crores per bank. And having said that, we are 
already in discussion with the bankers. So as of today, we are in active discussion to have the 
waiver to be happening and as mentioned by Devesh in Q1 we got breach from 12 lenders. All 
the 12 lenders have given the waivers for Q1 and largely, they have given waivers for the entire 
financial year. And some of the bankers have given for Q1 and Q2 also. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it, Gaurav sir. And sir just one follow up on that, what are the covenant breaches that have 
happened, is it more in the nature of the level of GNPA, NNPA where we are at, or is it more in 
the nature of the kind of credit cost that we have reported in the quarter and one follow up for 
the Devesh sir. Sir in the opening remarks, you also spoke about that there are few states which 
have experienced elevated levels of stress, and whatever we have seen in this quarter can also 
be attributable to the respective lender exposure to those geography. So if you could give some 
nuances around those particular states which are a problem area today? 
Gaurav Maheshwari: 
So as far as the covenant breaches are concerned, it is largely what you have said, Abhijit one is 
gross NPA, second is net NPA, and third is a rating downgrade which has happened by CARE, 
which was in the month of September. As we have already communicated about the rating 
downgrade to all the lenders, and it has been near about more than 30 days to all the lenders 
where the rating downgrade has been communicated. Everybody has confirmed that they are not 
doing something, and they are active in discussion with us. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Perfect, thanks. 
Tarun Mehndiratta: 
Also your first question on the states, like we had mentioned last time as well. So we had seen 
pain in our states of Jharkhand, Odisha, Rajasthan, Gujarat. And we had mentioned also that 
there were a mix of reasons, obviously like Devesh had mentioned in his opening remarks about 
unnatural and unforeseen climatic conditions, added to the pain. But having said that, other than 
those reasons, we have also now seen some of these parts of these states showing resilience like 
we have always witnessed. So we see some, some bit of pain easing in parts of East Odisha, we 
see some bit of pain, we have seen actually in Punjab and Haryana, as I remember last year as 
well because of issues there. And then parts of some Southern Tamil Nadu, and then especially 
some parts of in and around Bhopal. So these have been some of the encouraging geographies 
which have shown resilience. So, while they are part of the larger state, but we have seen them 
showing resilience to come back to normalcy. 

 
Fusion Finance Limited 
November 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. Please 
go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Sir my first question is on the lender data that you have shared fusion plus four or more lenders 
was, is that 10% now it was at 17% in March 24 so if you can help us understand the 7% 
borrowers that have moved out of this bucket, how many were written off, or did they close their 
loans with the other lender, do we have some color around that and I guess that the PAR data 
you shared that about 70% of these 9.7% customers are paying regularly. So is there still due in 
your assessment, do you think there is still some risk of this 9.7% slipping further more any 
color around this would be very helpful. My second question is on the loan officer attrition. So, 
what I understand is, if you can help me understand how much part of these loan officers salary 
is variable. So for example, if majority of the salary ends up being variable in times of stress, 
they may find leaving the job easier. So are we having any discussions around that on what kind 
of salary structure do we want to keep, do we want to keep majority in variable form, or majority 
in fixed form. And my last question is, you spoke about these unauthorized, illegal agencies. So 
just wanted to understand, because I thought this Karj Mukti Abhiyan was done and dusted in 
Punjab and the Northern area, so this shouldn't have been impacting us in this quarter at least. 
And if it is happening, which states are these unauthorized individual agencies operating in? 
Management: 
Shreya I will go one by one. The first question was the number of over leveraged number of 
customers which have come down. So, look I do not have the very specific number, but I can 
tell you the broadly, it is factors like there were customers in our book which were at the fag-
end, which have closed their loan, and we have not renewed their relations. This could be the 
customers who are fag end with others, and they have not renewed, because guardrails are in 
place. They could have closed their loan, and then some customers have also been written off, 
that could also affect us, so it's a very good sign that it shows that, from people even at the 
industry level there is an attempt to make sure that the guardrails are followed by everyone, and 
the customer who is defaulting, customer has more lending relationships, is not given further 
money. So in my view, any such kind of situation creates some temporary, scarcity at the 
customer level, because the supply is low, but for the long term sustainability of the sector we 
are all aligned towards better customer acquisition, follow some of the common norms at the 
industry level, also persuade customer, engage with the customers to come on the center. And 
some of these steps will really help in making sure that, the industry becomes more resilient. 
And then there are certain issues which still remain which is, there is some pain, income level 
pain at the ground. Once the customer’s leverage will come down, it will be easy for them to 
repay their loans. We have gone further tighter in terms of even old indebtedness. What we have 
done is that, though at the sector level  the indebtedness limit, has been fixed by the SRO at 2 
lakh. We have gone state-by-state, we have looked at certain states which have given more pain. 
We have even gone further and say, okay we will be only 1.5 lakh. Then we are doing some 
more granular work in terms of understanding the villages. So, all those steps should help in the 
long run, there will be some temporary pain which will remain. 

 
Fusion Finance Limited 
November 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Your next point was about the incentive. So, Shreya you are absolutely right as a company, we 
have never, ever had the situation where the large proportion of the money which the field officer 
gets is variable. I totally agree with you, we have seen in our case the incentive out of the total 
salary is around 25%, 30% only. It has never gone beyond that. Just to give example, if RO gets 
around 15,000, so around 4000, 3500 to 4000 has been our average incentive over the years. 
But, also in terms in situations like this, just to compare I will take you back to COVID and 
situations, events post demonization, we always have ensured a certain lower cap so that these 
people remain incentivized and we encourage people by making sure that at least some base 
level incentive goes to them. But we never do the situation where the proportion of the incentive 
is too high in overall component of the salary structure for the field officer. So, that is my point 
on incentive structure. 
Third thing, what we have mentioned, that the situation which we see is accentuated. I am not 
talking about this quarter, what I was talking about that if you look at the events in the last one 
year, starting from what happened in Punjab and then in some areas, that is what I was saying 
that, there are illegal outside agencies which have tried to influence customer, and especially 
during the stress crisis, any stressed customer has this inclination to really bank on some of these 
people, to really not to pay. We, at a MFIN level, are very closely working with some of the 
states to make sure that wherever something like this which happens, it is taken care of, however 
the point I am trying to drive is that, yes there are some small events here and there, which keep 
on happening like we have seen even in Eastern UP some of these events. So they keep on 
happening, we try to at a sectoral level, we all come together. We work with our local 
administration, we work with the state government. However, once the situation from the outside 
influence situation is curtailed, the customers take some time. You need to do a lot of visits to 
them, persuasion, moral persuasion, engagement, to bring the customers back. That is the point 
I am trying to drive here, that it takes some time for the customers to really realize that, there is 
no waiver, they will not get money, once they need the money then they really come back and 
they start paying. And that is the reason you will see, we have seen in our situation also, even 
the customer we have written off, we always have around 6%-7% collection happening even 
from that pool, because customers comes back and realize, so that's the point. I hope I have 
comprehensively covered your three points.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Bhavik Dave from Nippon. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhavik Dave: 
Few questions sir, one on a little bit on the past. One is when we look at our data and when we 
analyze the customers that we have written off over the last H1 FY25, where is the pain coming 
from in the sense, is it like the three plus customers who had three plus loans over and above 
Fusion is where the pain is, or is it customers with higher indebtedness is where the pain is, or 
is it where external environment has gotten difficult and things have gone bad. So if you can, if 
you had 100 customers that you have written off, if you could just explain us where is the pain 
coming from in terms of cohorts, that will be question one. Question two is, when we look at the 

 
Fusion Finance Limited 
November 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
customers that have gone down, 1,30,000, 1,20,000 odd customer that we have maybe written 
off, and the customer the count has come off, what exactly is the reason there, in a sense again, 
any, any customers where we saw documentation not being done properly from our end because 
what we understand is, there have been lot of lapses across players in terms of KYC, and if you 
could just talk about out of a 38 odd lakh customers that we have, how many have we 
underwritten on Aadhaar versus any other document like a voter ID or any other document, to 
onboard the customer. So if you could just talk a little bit on this, just to understand how the past 
has been? 
Devesh Sachdev: 
So one, Bhavik let me tell you with full confidence that all the customers are KYC-compliant. 
We onboard the customers with the KYC, we look at the credit bureau. So as far as that angle is 
concerned, I don't think there is any lapse which we have found, we remain very committed to 
very tightly follow the processes. However, to your second question, your point on the color of 
this thing. So, if you see in our slide number #9, we have even mentioned that and if you look at 
our PAR 0, composition of PAR 0, and especially with the customers where relationship is with 
Fusion plus three and more than Fusion plus four, you look at the PAR 0 composition is higher. 
So what we have absolutely seen that when the relationship goes beyond a certain threshold, it 
impacts the performance. So, Bhavik, as I mentioned earlier also that when the overall client 
indebtedness goes beyond 1,50,000 and depending on geography especially geographies which 
are in pain like Chhattisgarh, Rajasthan, Gujarat, MP, Odisha and Jharkhand and customer 
relationship with the number of lenders goes beyond four. That's where we have seen, the cohort 
clearly shows that the pain is more. Just to give you one more data point that in terms of how we 
are tightening it now - we also looked at the fact that if the customer goes to a 30+ DPD more 
than twice in last 12 months, the tendency to default is more. We have also now, we are even 
going this detail to make sure in our new credit policy, we have brought this point, that we will 
not onboard a customer if it has gone more than 30+, so that is on this thing, but broadly Bhavik, 
if you see it is also accentuated by the over-lending, the door-to-door collections. We have seen 
in many cases where the customer intent is there, but because of the whole model, where it was 
dependent on all the customers coming on a center meeting has been impacted. Earlier the center 
meeting would complete in around 15, 20, 25 minutes. Now, center meetings are happening 
longer and in around 45-50 mins.- In 50% of the cases, the boy has to go door-to-door, now the 
customer knows that if they don't pay today, they can always promise to pay. So that discipline 
has got disrupted. So, it is very difficult. We are not saying no, there's been some lapses in terms 
of onboarding. There has been some, if there is some credit exuberance, which has happened. 
And then we have also been publishing that data is the retail overlap, this is one more animal we 
have seen where whether its Fintech, whether it is their customers taking loans from two wheeler, 
the customers who are taking loans from other sources, that also has increased the over-leverage 
of the customer. So, over leverage in my view, is the basic point and then, because of these issues 
of door-to-door, somewhere attrition as for the boy, the conditions have become tough. He has 
to go and haggle with the customer, engage with the customer, door-to-door. And then he is not 
able to, now since everyone has tightened onboarding, he is not able to source those many 
customers. We have even lowered, to earlier question which Shreya, asked about incentive. We 

 
Fusion Finance Limited 
November 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
have even lowered the number of customer, new customer, he is going to source every month. 
We have even gone ahead saying okay, this is a certain number you cannot even source because 
we believe that if you do more customer, that means there is some kind of quality issue. Then 
the new third eye we are trying to bring, many branches we have put a third eye where we have 
the third layer. In one of the slides, we have mentioned that we are bringing in the quality OPs 
guy and we already have given offer to around 60 people in the first phase, we will bring it 
around in 200 branches. The idea is that, look at some of these things. So, it's a more broader 
this thing, but whatever learnings we have seen, we are trying to implement those. 
Bhavik Dave: 
And sir, second question is on future, and when I look at like you mentioned, if we take that 
point of over leveraging, where almost 28%- 29% of the customers have three plus and four plus 
loans, and even when we look at the cut on ticket, the average indebtedness of the customer is 
around 27% odd over a lac, so around 30% of the customers are under stress. And out of which 
almost 15% is PAR 0. Going ahead, what kind of credit cost, or how much is more to come in 
terms of pain, will 50% of this 15% go off in the second half, or will it be 70%, 80% how are 
we looking at it, because we have already utilized the kind of provisions that we spoke about in 
this quarter itself. How bad is going to be the second half, considering things have not materially 
improved, they are improving like if I look at your number from March 24 to now, 5% of the 
customers have gone lower in terms of the +100,000 indebtedness, but the write off that you see 
is almost 10% odd. So from a second half perspective, how are you thinking about business out 
of this 15% odd of PAR 0, how much can like really come as a write off or a credit cost, if you 
could guide us something on that would be really helpful. Thank you. 
Management: 
Yes. So my two, three comments here, one just to say that any customer who has more 
relationships, all those customers will behave badly that's not the right assumption, because I 
can give you one more data point. We have looked at our customers in the top five states, and 
what we saw that 85% customers are still current. They are either current or up to 30, but they 
are still, in the last six months, they have not gone beyond 30. So, there is some pain they are 
going through. So they are still there is an effort. So which is a one data point I can share with 
you. Your second point is on, in my view in our assessment in terms of provisioning in this 
quarter, and there's a peak we have hit. From here on, we should see improvement in our 
performance based on the steps we are taking. Having said that, things still remain dynamic and 
we remain watchful. Therefore, I will reserve myself from providing any guidance for H2 
Bhavik, I can only give you as we mentioned that we are seeing some green shoots. The book 
after the tightening of the credit norms further is performing better, though given it’s months on 
board, it is not the right metrics. But when we talk next time after Q3 that will be a better time. 
But we have seen the early signs that, that book is behaving better than what the similar book 
was behaving in the last two quarters. And then as we have put up the collection team, we have 
seen that there are amounts which are being picked up, though the overall quantum in those 
buckets are still high. But that numbers are progressively in the last three months have improved. 
Our overall collection efficiency, which we have mentioned in our PPT, is holding up. So, I can 
tell you that even till now, in October the numbers are more or less similar. So it's not that it is 

 
Fusion Finance Limited 
November 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
going down. So that gives us some kind of confidence that look once this could be over, 
hopefully, if there is no other intervention and how things are coming and all this everyone is, 
has tightened the norms. Overall, you see at the sectoral level, the disbursements are down. 
Customer will realize that, they need to keep their records clean. They will need money, right 
now the activity will go up once this pain is goes down. So, that is what we would like to say on 
your point. 
Bhavik Dave: 
And, sir it will be helpful if you could just, maybe post this call give us a 30 DPD, 60 DPD cut 
of this 14.9 and just talk a little, give us a flow chart of how it happened in first quarter and 
second quarter. Because what will happen is the 30 DPD roll forwards are not stopping, then 
eventually it will hurt us in terms of credit cost. When they have crossed 90, and we will have 
to provide 50% and 70% odd respectively as they move bucket. So if you could just give us that 
flow, that will be important because otherwise, even if we have a second half which is half as 
bad as the first half, I know things will really look bad in terms of the overall numbers, and 
because our challenge is liability because, if I heard Gaurav correctly, this quarter we have been 
only been able to get 1000 odd crores from lenders. Any, color on how the conversations are 
panning out with banks in terms of borrowings that we might have to raise, in terms of the 
liability side, if you could just talk a little bit about that, that will be helpful. Thank you. 
Devesh Sachdev: 
So, I will let Gaurav add, but I will make two, three comments here. normally, we carry on our 
balance sheet cash of around 8% to 10%. Keeping this situation in mind, we were already 
carrying as we mentioned around 1700 to 1800 crore of cash. Our disbursements were down 
from earlier if you see, we had said its around 50% to 60% drop from what we did in Q1 so, we 
thought this is sufficient. I can make one more observation here that if the way the collection 
efficiencies are holding up, around 91, 92. Even at a 90% collection, we are able to comfortable 
service our debt and our OPEX. So, so that is my second comment. I will let Gaurav respond to 
add more. 
Gaurav Maheshwari: 
Yes. So, as Devesh has mentioned, because we usually calibrate the incremental source of money 
as per our disbursement plan, but obviously after Q1 result, we have made a slight change in our 
overall liquidity position to carry. So that is what Devesh has mentioned that we are carrying 
approximately between INR 1700 to 1800 crores on balance sheet as cash. Now obviously we 
have come out with Q2 result, and obviously we know what the flavor of the sector is. So we 
are actively engaging with the lenders and we are getting a good response from that, that they 
are they are going to have some discussion with us on the on the covenant waiver, once the 
covenant waiver is there, then obviously we are going to have normalcy.  
Devesh Sachdev: 
Also, Bhavik one more big confidence we are trying to give to all our stakeholders is this rights 
issue. This INR 550 crore rights issue is giving a good confidence to all our stakeholders and 
promoters are completely backing us up. In the past also we have similar some challenges we 
have faced, whether post demonetization or COVID, we have got full support from our lenders. 
And, we are hopeful that lenders will give us full support. We have a very healthy capital 

 
Fusion Finance Limited 
November 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
adequacy and once this INR 550 crore is in, it will further strengthen our capital adequacy, as 
from a cash flow perspective as I mentioned to you, we will be going back to our normal 
disbursement levels very soon. So disbursement levels will still be slightly subdued. So, we will 
keep you updated how our discussion is going on. We are very actively speaking to them, and 
we are very hopeful. 
Gaurav Maheshwari: 
Again, adding to what Devesh has said that in Q1 also we had certain breaches in the covenant. 
We got all the waivers from all the lenders. As of today, from Q1 perspective, we are not in 
default of any of the breaches. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranav Gupta from Aionios Alpha Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Gupta: 
Two questions and one clarification. If you talk about collection efficiency in the x bucket or in 
the zero DPD bucket, how is that trend moved you mentioned that, there have been certain green 
shoots but could you give out that number, that would be very helpful, that’s my first question. 
Management: 
So, Pranav, I could not hear what did you say. So, can you repeat your question please, the voice 
is not clear. 
Pranav Gupta: 
Just two questions and one clarification. So first question is, if you can talk about the collection 
efficiency in zero bucket or x bucket, that will give us an idea of how the flow forwards are 
moving. If you can give that out, that will be very helpful to understand how we can think about, 
the quarter going ahead, that's the first question. 
Management: 
Okay, you can tell me both the questions, and then I can answer all. 
Pranav Gupta: 
So the second question is, if we talk from an industry perspective and even if we look at our 
numbers, it seems that a large part of the over leverage has mainly come in the industry because 
of the relaxation of RBI norms from moving from our ticket size cap to a household income 
assessment gap, when we analyze the borrowers that we have today, is it fair to assume that a 
large part of those borrowers, as per our assessment would sit in the more than 2.5 lakh half lakh 
household income bucket. Is that a fair assessment to make. Those are the two questions. 
Management: 
So, to your question on the collections efficiency in the current bucket. So at a pan India level, 
we have been maintaining almost 97% collection efficiency on that particular bucket. And this 
has been kind of consistent across the months. And just to give you a flavor, so that has been 
what the number that we have shown you is on all the buckets taken together that's the 
comprehensive number, but it's about 97% on the current bucket. To the second question, I 
would like Devesh answer that to you. 
Devesh Sachdev: 
So, once this RBI deregulation, and especially the change of rules happened in March 2022, and 
this was definitely an ask from the industry as the overall household level caps of 2 lakhs and 

 
Fusion Finance Limited 
November 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
1,60,000 I remember were low because overall income levels, inflation taken into account. And 
this was done with the fact that everyone will follow all these norms, but looking at it now, you 
are right there are other retail overlaps which has led to the over leverage of this customer. 
Looking at, when we look at our this thing, because we are rural MFI, and we see that mostly 
the customer income level, household level, income levels are hovering anywhere between 2 to 
2.75, 2.8, so that's the broad income levels. However, you have to also appreciate that all this is 
it's very difficult to really ascertain, so there's no formal way. So all this is done in a very informal 
method, speaking to the customer on the face-to-face, and asking them questions around it. So, 
that we also have to have to keep in mind that there are no formal ways to understand even at a 
sector level we are discussing now to come out with some kind of template. How do you treat 
overlaps, which is like if there is no EMI but there is a loan of suppose the customer’s husband 
has a credit card and there is no EMI which is mentioned so we will say, okay which is minimum 
due at least 5% has to be taken into account in calculation of the liability of the customer every 
month. If there's a gold loan.. So we have come out with even those formulas now at a sectoral 
level, and we are in the process of implementing. Only in case if there is no EMI mentioned, so 
it's an evolving thing. I agree with you as companies, we all have to really move towards a 
situation, where how do you assess the customer better, but keeping in mind that it still remains 
informal asset class, and there would always be ambiguity in terms of understanding the real 
income of the customer. 
Pranav Gupta: 
Right, thank you. Sir just one clarification. 
Management: 
You can actually reach out personally to my IR team for any clarification please. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. We will close the call 
now. On behalf of Fusion Finance Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
