 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.                 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051 
Symbol: JLHL 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, 
25th Floor, Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai 400 001 
Code: 543980 
 
Subject: Q2 & H1 FY25 Earning Conference Call – Transcript 
 
Reference: Intimation of Earnings Conference Call dated October 29, 2024 and Audio Link of 
Analyst/ Investor Conference Call dated October 11, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Q2 & H1 FY25 Results Conference Call 
held on Monday, November 11, 2024 at 10:30 AM (IST) for the quarter and half year ended on 
September 30, 2024. 
 
The same will be available on the website of the Company at www.jupiterhospital.com.  
 
You are requested to kindly take the afore-mentioned on record and oblige. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
For JUPITER LIFE LINE HOSPITALS LIMITED, 
 
 
 
Suma Upparatti  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As stated above. 
SUMA 
VINAYAK 
UPPARATTI
Digitally signed by 
SUMA VINAYAK 
UPPARATTI 
Date: 2024.11.14 
17:41:31 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 7 
 
 
 
“Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 11, 2024 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 11th November 2024 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. ANKIT THAKKER – ED & CEO, JUPITER LIFE 
LINE HOSPITALS LIMITED 
MR. ANAND APTE – CHIEF OF BUSINESS & STRATEGY, 
JUPITER LIFE LINE HOSPITALS LIMITED 
MR. NITIN PATODI – HEAD OF FINANCE, JUPITER LIFE 
LINE HOSPITALS LIMITED 
MRS. SUMA UPPARATTI – COMPANY SECRETARY & 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER, JUPITER LIFE LINE 
HOSPITALS LIMITED 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISORS  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HARSHAL PATIL – MIRAE ASSET CAPITAL 
MARKETS 

 
Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 7 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call of 
Jupiter Life Line Hospitals hosted by Mirae Asset Capital Markets. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harshal Patil from Mirae Asset Capital Markets. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Harshal Patil: 
Thank you, Sejal. Good morning, all. On behalf of Mirae Asset Capital Markets, I welcome 
you all to Q2 and H1 FY25 Post-Results Conference Call of Jupiter Life Line Hospitals. 
From the management, we have Dr. Ankit Thakker – the ED and CEO, along with other Senior 
Management Team members. Dr. Ankit, over to you for the initial comments. 
Ankit Thakker: 
Thank you, Harshal. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our earnings call to 
discuss the business and Financial Performance of Q2 and H1 FY25. I hope all of you had a 
chance to go through the “Financial Results” and the “Presentation” posted on the website and 
the exchanges. 
I am accompanied by Mr. Anand Apte, our Chief of Business & Strategy; Mr. Nitin Patodi – 
our Head of Finance, and Suma Upparatti – our Company Secretary & Compliance Officer, 
along with our Investor Relations Advisors, SGA. 
So, we got listed in the 2nd Quarter of last year. Today marks a year of us meeting over these 
calls. After a year of doing this, realization dawned upon me. All of you have signed up for our 
Earnings Call, not for my Mann Ki Baat. So, out of respect for all of you and your time, 
beginning today, we will do away with generic opening remarks. Of course, whenever there is 
something substantial to announce, we will talk about it. 
Let us move straight to the numbers and then dive into the Q&A: 
For the quarter, the income stood at Rs. 324.2 crores, representing an increase of 22.7% year-
on-year. The EBITDA was Rs. 76.6 crores, representing 23.5% growth. The EBITDA margin 
was 23.6%. The PAT at Rs. 51.5 crores, an increase of 52.9% YoY. The PAT margin is 15.9% 
for the quarter. The half yearly numbers, the revenue was Rs. 612.8 crores, a 20.5% increase 
YoY. EBITDA Rs. 141.9 crores, 22.3% increase YoY. The margin is 23.2% of EBITDA. The 
PAT is Rs. 96.1 crore in the first half, representing a 9.5% increase. And the PAT margin is 
15.7%. The ARPOB for the first half is Rs. 57,700 as against Rs. 53,100 for the same period 
last year. ALOS is 3.85 days compared to 3.89 days last year. 

 
Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 7 
The occupancy for the period this year was 67.2% as against 62.3% last year. The overall 
volume has been 486,000 in the first half compared to 435,700 last year. The payer mix 
insurers contributed 55.4% of the revenue, self-payers 53.5% and the government schemes at 
1.1%. So, these are the headline numbers, and I am happy to answer your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Dr. Sandeep, who is an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Dr. Sandeep: 
If I can be indulged, I have two small questions. The first one is on having this doubt on the 
auction process in Andheri to Medanta. Do we have any plans now to have any inorganic 
growth opportunities in our planning process? This also becomes important from the fact that 
KIMS also is coming up very soon in Hiranandani estate in Thane. 
Ankit Thakker: 
Yes, thank you Dr. Sandeep. So, we keep on exploring growth opportunities from time to time. 
Currently, we have two new Greenfields underway. One in Dombivli which we have started 
constructing for 500 beds. The second one in Pune is under regulatory clearances. We expect 
approvals in the next quarter and plan to start construction soon after. So, the thought process 
is that we must expand some more. Current geography in mind is Western India. While we will 
keep looking at opportunities, we also are mindful of the value we need to pay for to pursue 
that growth. So, wherever we have that opportunity and value intersection, we will go ahead 
and do that. 
Dr. Sandeep: 
That is true. And if you please do not mind, just a quick one on that. We do know that Thane 
Hospital is the star hospital. Invariably, this has gotten a very decent occupancy level. So, 
would there be an idea to take over the Fortune Hotel property and convert entirely into the 
hospital? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So, yes, Thane is the first one which we started. Our thought process is that there should not be 
one star in the group. All the hospitals are designed to deliver at a similar level. They are built 
similarly, they are sized and scaled similarly. So, as all of them achieve maturity, which Pune 
has already pretty much achieved, you will eventually find there are no star hospitals. To 
answer your specific question about Fortune, even today as we speak, Fortune occupies I think 
2% or 3% of the built-up space, less than 4% in any case. And it is not a huge footprint. It is 
more of an amenity that helps us deliver better care. It is a source of comfort for the patients 
and the doctors and the community and which is why it exists, it will not make too much of a 
difference. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit from SK Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rohit: 
I have a couple of questions. And the first one is in H1 FY25, our overall volume and EBITDA 
increased by 12% and 9% on YoY basis, respectively, right. And can you please highlight for 
Q2 FY25 as well? 

 
Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 7 
Ankit Thakker: 
So, it is part of the growth process generally, you know, there is no magic that we can spin 
quarter to quarter. As this year against last year, we have had a little bit of increase in 
bedoccupancy, I mean bed capacity availability and Indore being in its growth phase now, you 
are seeing that growth in terms of numbers how to extrapolate it. You guys are more adept at it 
than I am. In terms of business guidance, what I can tell you is that the Pune 22 beds which 
were just added in this quarter will continue to get more occupied in the second half of the 
year. Indore, we are adding 75 to 80 odd beds, which are expected to begin operations in the 
next quarter so they should start contributing a little bit. And Thane is currently at good 
occupancy, so it should continue performing the way it is. 
Rohit: 
My second question is a little bit of broader level that how do you see the healthcare landscape 
evolving over the next few years and how is Jupiter positioning itself to maintain its leadership 
role in the western region? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So, healthcare landscape has a huge headroom to grow because if you look at both the metrics 
because what we strongly believe is that you need to analyze the quantity and quality both. The 
easier thing is to analyze quantity if you look at the number of beds currently in the areas 
where we operate in western India versus what the desired numbers, you will see that there is a 
huge gap. But if you do a secondary analysis and say that, okay, from the available beds, how 
many are of the quality that I desire, then you will see that the gap is still bigger. Even in a city 
like Mumbai, a large share of healthcare is provided by the unorganized sector, which is small 
nursing homes and not large, organized healthcare providers. So, over the next decade, I think 
both the factors will play in a) new capacity will get added and b) the old unorganized capacity 
will eventually have to get replaced by new organized facility. So, this is on the supply side. 
On the demand side, we believe now that the insurance sector in healthcare has reached a 
critical mass and from here forward it has only one way to go, and that is north. So, with 
increased insurance penetration, the affordability for healthcare of a common man will 
drastically increase. And once people are insured, which means they don't have to pay out of 
pocket, then their desire for a higher quality consumption goes up disproportionately because if 
I had to pay out of pocket, I am willing to make some compromises, but if my insurance 
provides for my care, then who wants to go to those dimly lit unorganized places. Everyone 
wants to go to a place where they can fully trust the quality, so I think are two key factors 
which will play out over the next decade. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shivam Agarwal from Mirae Asset Capital 
Market. Please go ahead. 
Shivam Agarwal: 
So, I have a couple of questions. So, firstly on the Indore side, Indore facility. So, can you 
provide for the occupation for the current quarter? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So, it was around 61% in this quarter, the Indore occupancy.  

 
Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 7 
Shivam Agarwal: 
And for the first half, we have reported 59% of the occupancy. So, how can we see ramp up 
over the next 1 to 2 years post like 75-bed addition that we have spent? 
Ankit Thakker: 
Yes, so in percentage terms, next quarter you will see a dip because the base will go become 
bigger. But in absolute terms, you will see that the occupancy will be higher. Typically, when 
we achieve a +60% occupancy, we want to expand more beds. So, between 60% and 65%, we 
always try to add more beds if it is possible. So, now we have crossed that 60% mark in the 
next quarter, we add these new beds. So, in absolute terms, they will keep growing, but in 
percentage terms, you will see a little drop. Once in the expanded base, we again cross 60%-
65%. We will try and explore the possibility of adding some more beds in it. 
Shivam Agarwal: 
Okay, so like I guess like 200 odd beds can be added in the Indore facility that I think I 
remember correctly. So, out of the 75 like 125 beds, more can be added in the facility. Am I 
correct? 
Ankit Thakker: 
Yes, something like that. 
Shivam Agarwal: 
Okay, and second one is on the CAPEX front. So, like we have few Greenfield opportunities in 
Dombivli and Pune facility. So, like any update on both the facilities? 
Ankit Thakker: 
Yes, Dombivli is progressing as per schedule. We should expect to start operations in the 
calendar year 26. Pune is in the regulatory phase. We have cleared up a few steps. Currently, 
because of elections in Maharashtra, the government is not really on for too much of 
clearances, but it has made progress. I think in the next quarter we should have all approvals 
and then thereafter we should be able to begin construction in Pune as well. 
Shivam Agarwal: 
what is the CAPEX plan for FY26 like CAPEX number if you can just provide it? 
Ankit Thakker: 
For Pune? 
Shivam Agarwal: 
Like overall CAPEX for the whole company as a whole? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So, overall company in the next year I think the main CAPEX will only be for Dombivli and 
Pune unless of course we get new land, and we start a new project. So, I am not talking about 
that now because there's nothing to announce. But from the existing what we have, Thane, 
Pune and Indore, all three are pretty much set in terms of their CAPEX needs for the time 
being. Dombivli will need Rs. 150 odd crore I think in the next year and Pune should also need 
maybe Rs. 50 plus crore in the next year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sakshi Pratap from Worth Investment & 
Trading Limited. Please go ahead. 

 
Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 7 
Sakshi Pratap: 
I just have one question. So, the second Pune Hospital is in advanced stages of regulatory 
work. When can we tentatively start the construction process, if you could highlight it? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So, we expect the approval Sakshi in the next quarter, which is Q4 of this financial year. So, 
towards the end of this financial year, beginning of the next financial year, sometime in that 
vicinity, we should begin construction. 
Sakshi Pratap: 
Also, how many more can we add after adding 75 beds in the Indore hospital? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So, we have a large land area, +5 acres of land in Indore. So, there is a lot of empty land 
available where we can build. We have one semi-finished building which can take 100 plus 
beds. So, what we have committed currently is that we can do about 200 beds. But it depends 
on the need and depends on the growth, we can take that up. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anisha Shah, who is an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Anisha Shah: 
So, I just had two questions. First is, we added 22 beds at the Pune Hospital. So, post this 
addition, is there any further scope of addition or will it reach maximum capacity? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So, we have 10 to 12 beds which we can add in Pune. After that we are at maximum capacity. 
Anisha Shah: 
And second question was that Indore occupancy for H1 stood at 57% and ARPOB was Rs. 
46,100. So, can you please share for quarter 2 as well? 
Ankit Thakker: 
So, for quarter 2, we had 61% was the occupancy and Rs. 43,500 was the ARPOB. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jainil Shah from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Jainil Shah: 
My question is on EBITDA margins. So, we have delivered almost 23% revenue growth, but 
our margins are still flat. So, is it fair to assume that most of it is being dragged by our Indore 
expansion or is there something else also? 
Ankit Thakker: 
Yes, so Indore expansion definitely is a factor. I think the margin for this quarter is what, 
23.6%. The new beds in Pune would not have full capacity utilization currently and Indore 
would not be at peak occupancy currently, so those are two slight drags. But having said that, 
our aspiration for EBITDA margin as we have said is 25% give or take something so we are in 
that zip code and that is where we are operating. 
Jainil Shah: 
So, when do we think we will reach the 25% mark because we will be adding more beds in 4Q 
in Indore and then probably next year or so we will also have Dombivli expenses coming in. 

 
Jupiter Life Line Hospitals Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 7 
Ankit Thakker: 
So, on an individual level, the properties may reach. On a group level, I hope we don't because 
that would mean that there is always a growth pipeline, and something is still in a phase of 
maturity. So, we would always want to have something new coming up which is dragging us 
down. I like to be dragged down rather than be flat. So, yes, on a mature unit level, I think we 
are probably there in Thane and Pune and by the time Indore reaches there, Dombivli should 
create a little bit of drag and then Pune should create a little bit of drag and then something 
else. Yes, that is a process. 
Jainil Shah: 
Sure, and just one more question, have we seen any attrition in Thane so far? And I mean do 
you expect something to go ahead there? 
Ankit Thakker: 
No, we have not seen any attrition in any of our hospitals, unusual attrition let us put it that 
way and when I am talking about it, I am talking about senior level which means doctors and 
senior management. I am not talking about nurses because that is a perennial problem, I must 
admit. Apart from that on the senior level, we have not seen any attrition. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Ankit Thakker: 
So, thank you everyone for joining us on this call. I hope the answers were satisfactory. If there 
is any further clarification needed, please feel free to call our IR team. Thank you and have a 
good day. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Mirae Asset Capital Markets, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
