          CIN NO: L63040MH2005PLC158404 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
November 20, 2024 
 
Listing Manager,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051, India  
Symbol: YATRA  
ISIN No.: INE0JR601024 
Manager - CRD 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001, India  
Scrip Code: 543992 
ISIN No.: INE0JR601024 
 
 
Sub: Intimation – Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter ended September 30, 2024.  
 
The above information will also be made available on the website of the Company at www.yatra.com.  
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking You,  
 
Yours sincerely,  
For Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
Darpan Batra 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No. A15719 
 
Encl.: as above 
DARPAN 
BATRA
Digitally signed by 
DARPAN BATRA 
Date: 2024.11.20 
13:08:22 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Yatra Online Limited 
Q2 FY25 Earning Conference Call” 
November 13, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
       
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DHRUV SHRINGI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
YATRA ONLINE LIMITED 
 
MR. ROHAN MITTAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
YATRA ONLINE LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. ANMOL GARG – DAM CAPITAL ADVISORS LTD 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q2 FY25, Earnings Conference Call of Yatra 
Online hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Ltd. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference has been recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anmol 
Garg from DAM Capital Advisors Ltd. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Anmol Garg: 
Thank you, Muskan. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of DAM Capital, we welcome you all 
to Q2 FY25, conference call of Yatra Online Ltd. We have with us Mr. Dhruv Shringi, CEO of 
the company, and Mr. Rohan Mittal, CFO of the company. I'll now hand over the call to Mr. 
Dhruv for his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, Dhruv. 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Thank you, Anmol, and good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our second 
quarter of fiscal 2025's earnings call. As you would recall, we completed the acquisition of Globe 
Travels, a leading corporate travel and MICE company headquartered out of Calcutta, on 
September 11th. Our results will include Globe's performance for the 20-day period. 
 
So let me begin by giving you an overview of the quarter. So for the quarter ended September 
30th, 2024, we reported total revenue of INR2.36 billion, marking an impressive year-over-year 
increase of 151%, primarily fueled by strong organic performance in our hotels and packages 
segment, particularly in our meetings, incentives, conferences, and exhibitions, which is the 
MICE business. Our organic growth rate was also an equally impressive 121%. 
 
The robust growth in MICE underscores our ability to capture the rising demand for corporate 
travel and event services, further solidifying our market presence. Despite headwinds in the B2C 
air segment, our corporate travel segment continued to demonstrate strength, showing significant 
growth across all major metrics. In the second quarter of FY25, we onboarded 29 new corporate 
clients, collectively adding an annual billing potential of INR1.2 billion. 
 
This not only expands our client portfolio, but reinforces our value proposition as a trusted 
partner in the corporate travel solution space. As I mentioned earlier, on September 11th, 2024, 
we completed the acquisition of Globe for INR1.28 billion in cash. I'd like to highlight some 
strategic advantages that we expect from this acquisition. 
 
Through this acquisition, Yatra adds approximately 360 new Globe travel customers to its 
existing base of over 850 corporate clients. This substantially increases our leadership position 
in India's corporate travel market and reinforces our competitive advantage. The expanded 
customer base is expected to strengthen our position with suppliers, enabling us to negotiate 
more favorable terms, which in turn allows us to deliver even greater value to our customers. 
 
Globe is well known for its expertise in the MICE sector. By integrating Globe's travel 
capabilities with our recent organic growth in MICE, Yatra is positioned to become one of the 
largest players in this fast-growing segment in India. The acquisition of Globe Travels brings 
access to a diverse and largely non-overlapping client base, thereby diversifying our client 
portfolio across various industries. 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
This portfolio presents ample opportunity for cross-selling for Yatra's hotel and expense 
management solutions, allowing us to provide a more comprehensive suite of travel solutions 
tailored to meet the specific needs of our customers. With Globe Travels last year reporting 
adjusted revenue of approximately INR470 million and adjusted EBITDA margins exceeding 
30%, this acquisition is immediately accreted to our financials. We also foresee additional 
potential for margin expansions as we realize some of the synergies. 
 
Importantly, Globe Travels operations are primarily offline, presenting an opportunity to 
introduce our corporate self-booking platform to their customer base, thereby creating 
significant efficiency and enhancing our value creation potential. Globe Travels corporate clients 
can expect improved cost savings and streamlined operations by leveraging Yatra's digital 
platform. As part of the combination of Yatra and Globe, we had identified synergies of 
approximately INR60 million per year. 
 
And as we move forward, we expect that we should be able to realize synergies slightly ahead 
of this initial target that we had set for ourselves. These synergies are on account of combining 
supply, getting on to the same GDS deals, and automating a lot of the business processes at the 
end of Globe Travels. Additionally, we have achieved notable organic progress in our corporate 
hotels and MICE business as well this quarter. 
 
This is evidenced by our performance in our hotels and packages segment. The segments of 
gross bookings increased by 68% year over year, of which organic growth itself was about 44%, 
with the rest coming on account of the acquisition of Globe. Our adjusted EBITDA for the 
quarter reached INR136 million, up 29% year over year. 
 
This was up about 9% year over year and 10% quarter on quarter on an organic basis as well. 
This strong performance underscores the continued momentum of our strategic initiatives. 
Moving on to some of the more recent initiatives. 
 
Firstly, let me talk about our expense management solution. Our expense management solution, 
RECAP, is progressing well with several customers currently in the pilot phase. This product 
has seen encouraging responses, indicating its strong potential as a cross-sell offering within our 
current client base and also on a standalone basis. 
 
Given the significant demand and profitability potential in the expense management sector, we 
see substantial opportunity to scale up RECAP both in India and internationally, deepening our 
customer relationships and reinforcing our value propositions. Moving on to our corporate 
platform partners program. Last quarter, we announced a strategic partnership with DW Travels 
out of Dubai. 
 
This is a premier travel management company based in the UAE. As part of this program, this 
partnership will enable offline and online travel agencies to benefit from new revenue streams, 
differentiated offerings, and advanced travel-related products and services. And through this 
program, partners like DW Travel can leverage Yatra's cutting-edge platform to offer a superior 
travel experience, thus unlocking new growth opportunities and solidifying their market position 
as well. 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
For us, this also acts as a highly profitable revenue stream, given that for us the incremental 
servicing cost of these is fairly marginal. All these partner programs that come on will have a 
very high degree of operating leverage for us. Some of the other new technology advancements 
that we've made is that we've become one of the first travel management companies in India to 
integrate the new distribution capabilities that the airlines are offering. 
 
This is a transformative technology solution developed by the IATA. And through our self-
booking tool, NDC offers a richer booking experience, greater transparency, and special fares to 
our corporate customers. NDC modernizes airline distribution by granting travel agents and 
intermediaries access to more dynamic and detailed content, such as personalized offers, real-
time seat availability, and tailored pricing options. 
 
By integrating NDC, Yatra ensures that corporate travelers have access to the best possible fare 
options on our platform. This milestone again reinforces Yatra's commitment to innovation and 
leadership in the corporate travel management space, ensuring that we remain at the forefront of 
technological advances that benefit our clients. Moving on to our B2C segment, the B2C 
business continues to face direct competition from some of the domestic air suppliers who 
differentiate pricing on their own website and apps. 
 
However, despite this competition on the B2C airfront, we've managed to stabilize the volumes 
and have focused on improving operating performance. We've seen the benefits of this flow 
through in the months of September and October, and expect the same to continue in Q3 as well. 
Our brand, Yatra.com, continues to have strong brand recall, which has, in a relatively short 
period of time, enabled us to offset the impact of these industry headwinds. 
 
In addition, we continue to make strong inroads on selling personal travel to the employees of 
our corporate customers, and I'm happy to report that the attach rate of personal travel was up 
almost 20% versus the same quarter last year. This channel continues to remain a very cost-
effective channel of customer acquisition for us. Towards the end of September, we also 
launched a revamped user experience on our website and our mobile apps for B2C on both the 
Android and iOS platforms, and the initial response to conversion optimization on the new 
platform is very encouraging. 
 
Looking at the macro environment, in the September 2024 quarter, India's corporate travel sector 
experienced significant growth, reflecting the country's robust economic performance and 
evolving business dynamics. The RBI's economic outlook during this period further underscores 
the nation's economic resilience and growth prospects. India's corporate travel market is 
undergoing a transformative phase, driven by new work models and technological advances. 
A recent Deloitte report highlights that innovation in corporate travel is key to enhancing 
employee experience and optimizing costs. The MICE segment has been a significant 
contributor to this growth. Companies are increasingly investing in MICE activities to foster 
team cohesion, engage clients, and drive business opportunities. This trend has led to a surge in 
demand for hotels, conference facilities, and related services, benefiting the hospitality and 
travel industries.  

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Technology advancements have played a pivotal role in reshaping corporate travel. The adoption 
of tech-enabled, personalized, and sustainable solutions is driving the corporate travel landscape 
in India. Companies are leveraging digital platforms like ours for travel bookings, expense 
management, and real-time itinerary adjustments, enhancing efficiency and traveller 
satisfaction.  
The RBI's outlook for September 2024 reflects a positive trajectory for India's economic 
development. Domestically, the RBI has maintained a favourable growth forecast of 7.2% for 
FY '25. Inflation has remained within the RBI's target range, providing a stable environment for 
economic activities, and the central bank has kept the policy rates unchanged at 6.5%.  
The robust performance of corporate travel sector is both a contributor to and a benefactory of 
India's positive economic outlook as business expands and engages in a more face-to-face 
interaction, the demand for corporate travel services increases, stimulating growth in these 
related industries such as hospitality, aviation, and event management.  
While challenges remain in the B2C segment, we are highly encouraged by the strong 
momentum we are experiencing in our corporate travel business, alongside the value creation 
expected from the acquisition of Globe Travels and the growth in our organic MICE segment.  
The addition of new corporate travel accounts and the developments in our MICE business 
exemplify our commitment to delivering long-term value for our stakeholders. We will continue 
refining our strategic initiatives to maintain our leadership position in the corporate travel sector, 
and are simultaneously exploring ways to increase our share in the direct-to-consumer business 
as well.  
With that said, I'll hand the call over to Rohan who will provide a more detailed breakdown of 
our financial performance. Rohan? 
Rohan Mittal: 
Thank you, Dhruv. Thank you all. I will now review our financial performance for the quarter 
ended September 30, 2024. For this quarter, our overall gross bookings remained largely stable 
on a year-over-year basis at INR17.6 billion. This was because of a mixed performance across 
different business segments.  
Air gross bookings fell by 10% year-over-year to INR13.3 billion for reasons just mentioned by 
Dhruv. On the other hand, our hotel and package segment saw a robust growth with gross 
bookings increasing by 68% year-over-year to INR3.7 billion. This was because of strong 
performance across corporate hotels as well as our MICE business. Our overall adjusted margin 
for the quarter was at 1.5 billion. Our adjusted margin percentage for air ticketing business was 
at 7% and 11% for hotel and packages.  
Moving on to expenses. As a percentage of total gross booking value, our marketing, sales 
promotion expenses, including consumer promotion and loyalty program, decreased by 18% on 
a Y-o-Y basis to INR679 million. Our personal expenses, excluding share-based payment, 
increased by 20% Y-o-Y as we continue to invest in talent to build out our mid-market, MICE, 
Visa, expense management, and other businesses. This also includes a partial impact of our 
annual appraisal cycle.  

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Our payment gateway cost as a percentage to gross bookings has reduced by 15 basis points, 
from 0.7% in year-ago quarter to 0.55% in the current quarter. On an overall basis, our adjusted 
EBITDA was INR136 million, which was an increase of 29% Y-o-Y. Profit came in at 73 million 
compared to a loss of 171 million in the same period previous year.  
Lastly, as of 30th September 2024, we had a cash and cash equivalent term deposits equivalent 
of about INR2.1 billion on our balance sheet. And we were carrying gross debt of approximately 
INR277 million. 
With this, we conclude our prepared remarks, and I'd like to hand it over back to the moderator 
for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM Capital Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Anmol Garg: 
Hi, Dhruv and Rohan. Couple of questions from my side. Firstly, what would be the organic 
revenue growth during the quarter, if you can indicate it ex of Globe? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
If I look at -- Anmol, let's start with revenue from operations. Revenue from operations, 
excluding Globe, grew 121% year-over-year on an organic basis. And revenue less service cost 
grew 15% year-over-year, excluding Globe. 
Anmol Garg: 
Sorry, you said 121% Y-on-Y on an organic basis. 
Dhruv Shringi: 
That's right. That's the revenue from operations. And if I look at revenue less service cost, that 
grew at 15% year-over-year on an organic basis. 
Anmol Garg: 
Understood. Secondly, Dhruv wanted to understand the more longer-term margin profile of the 
business. If we have to look at the company from one-year perspective or two-year perspective, 
how should we look at the margins for the company right now? And just in continuation of that, 
now despite Globe having relatively a little bit better margin than us, if I look at the absolute 
EBITDA margin front, then absolute EBITDA margin has gone down versus last quarter. So if 
you can indicate why that has happened and also what will be the sustainable margin profile for 
the company over the next few quarters? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
So Anmol, I think we have to look at this firstly from a first principle basis as well. Because 
when you look at from a reported revenue point of view, the revenue reporting that happens for 
MICE is similar to packages and they get recorded at a gross basis. So to my mind, the right way 
to look at operating margins is to look at revenue less service cost. And from there, then look at 
what is the margin.  
So if I look at the adjusted EBITDA for this quarter, our adjusted EBITDA for this quarter is 
about INR136 million or INR13.6 crores. This INR13.6 crores of adjusted EBITDA margin is 
on INR93 crores of revenue less service cost, which is almost a 15% margin. I think that's the 
way to start looking at this given the MICE component, because MICE will always get recorded 
from an accounting perspective, accounting principle perspective on a gross basis. So the key 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
metric to my mind to start tracking would be revenue less service cost, and then operating margin 
as a percentage of revenue less service cost, which currently is close to about 15%. 
Anmol Garg: 
Understood. And if you can give outlook over here, how should we look at the margins going 
ahead? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Yes, so here the endeavour would be that the revenue less service cost margin, right, or the actual 
underlying operating margin improves to about 20% over the course of the next three quarters. 
So by summer of next year, we should be looking at this number getting to about 20%. 
Anmol Garg: 
Understood. Thanks, Dhruv. I'll join back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Congrats on a good quarter. I wanted to sort of understand the improvement in EBITDA for the 
quarter, primarily because I think the last quarter, we have INR4 crores improvement in absolute 
EBITDA. The last quarter, there was a provision for impairment which was around INR3.5 
crores. So adjusted for that, it looks like it's only a marginal improvement. But if I just look at 
everything else, like there's a 19% sequential growth in the standalone business, revenue minus 
service cost. And air take rates have also improved. 
 
So logically, one would expect that there's some benefit of operating leverage and the 
incremental EBITDA contribution should have been better. So what is it that has sort of impacted 
the operating leverage negatively this quarter? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Sure. So in terms of just walking through the numbers on a Q-on-Q basis, if I look at revenue 
less service cost in the second quarter, it was approximately INR80 crores, which went up to 
INR93 crores in the current quarter. So we added INR13 crores of net revenue Q-on-Q. 
 
And EBITDA improvement happened from INR10.5 crores to INR13.6 crores. So that's an 
improvement, which is there of about INR3-odd crores. The reason it's at three and not more is, 
one, there is a little bit of investment, which is still there on the people side. 
 
So if you see the people cost, there is some enhancement or increment, which is there in terms 
of people cost. This is on account of, one, the annual wage increment that ends up happening. 
And plus, some teams which are there on the mid-market space. 
 
The other factor which is there is that there is incremental legal and professional expenses, which 
are there, which are associated with the acquisition of Globe and the ongoing matter with 
EasyGo. So there is some incremental legal and professional cost also that we've incurred on 
account of this. The combined effect of these factors would be almost to the tune of about INR3.5 
crores. So had these factors not been there, you would be seeing almost 50% flow-through of 
the incremental revenue to profitability. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Got it. And how much of, obviously, the annual increment is understandable, but the legal and 
professional, is that a meaningful number overall? And do you think that that will sort of sustain 
into quarters going forward? 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Dhruv Shringi: 
No, so that could not carry forward because it's linked to the acquisition of Globe. So you've got 
legal costs, you've got due diligence costs related to the transaction. And then you've got the 
EasyGo matter also, which is ongoing, on which we had some incremental legal costs as well. 
So the combined effect of all of this would be approximately about INR1.4-odd crores. So that 
would not be there on an ongoing basis. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
So going forward, I think it's fair to assume that we should start seeing operating leverage, 
considering the 90 people on the consumer side will be off, and this INR1.4 crores will also be 
off. So I think almost INR4.5 crores will not be a cost for next quarter, broadly speaking. Or do 
you think incremental investments will still curtail this and we'll not see the full operating 
leverage? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
There will still be some amount of incremental investment, which will be there. But a large part 
of this should actually flow through in terms of improvement in performance. The only one thing 
to take into account, Nitin, is the seasonality of corporate travel in Q3. 
 
But if I look at Q4, the math that we just did, the walkthrough of that, that should flow through 
in Q4. Q3, while in the month of October and November, we see that benefit on the ground. And 
I mentioned this in our prepared remarks as well. December will be a significantly slow month 
for business travel. That's just the nature of the industry. But in Q4, you will see all of this flow 
through. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
You will see all of this flow through. So is there a likelihood that underlying earnings can come 
off in Q3 because of the weakness in corporate in Q3? Or do you think because consumer is sort 
of stabilized and those 90 people costs will not be there, the underlying earnings should still be 
in a range, it shouldn't come off? Is that a fair assumption? Or do you think there will be a drop 
in earnings? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
No. As of now, the trending seems to indicate that they shouldn't come off. They should remain 
range bound to what we had just reported. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Got it. Just one last before I skip the flow. Is that the other current assets on the balance sheet 
has sort of increased by around INR57 crores? And are these basically incremental deposits with 
airlines? Because they also feel a little bit sort of improvement in take rate for air. 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Yes, maybe Rohan can respond to that please. 
Rohan Mittal: 
Of incremental deposits with the airlines? Nitin? 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Yes, there's a INR57 crores sort of increase on other current assets. So a large part I presume is 
that airline item. But because there's an acquisition, I don't know if there's something else added 
to that. So just wanted to clarify. 
Rohan Mittal: 
No, these are not airline deposits. These are advances given to vendors for our MICE business. 
So they're recorded as other current assets. They get dissolved as the trip comes to an end and 
the billing is completed. They typically tend to get dissolved. 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Got it, got it. Fair enough. I'll come back for a follow-up. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Rohan Mittal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
Thanks you for the opportunity. Some of my questions have already been answered but would 
be great to understand how are you perceiving the air ticketing business going forward given 
some of the recent challenges? That's question number one. The second question essentially is 
that if you could give us some perspective of the split of air and hotels business for the acquired 
entity. 
Dhruv Shringi: 
So in terms of the air ticketing business, Manik, on the corporate side, we continue to see strong 
traction on the air ticketing business. The part which is getting a bit impacted on that, and this is 
not a negative thing, is just that the international air ticket prices are finally beginning to ease 
off a little bit and we would expect them to soften a bit more in the fourth quarter of the year. 
But in terms of volume on the corporate side, we don't see any slowdown. 
 
We continue to see healthy double-digit plus kind of volume growth on the air ticketing side on 
the corporate front. On the B2C front as well, as I mentioned, we've reached a point where we've 
been able to stabilize the volumes and the last couple of months we've started seeing a gradual 
increase. This is happening on account of some improvement and work that we've done on the 
technology front in terms of optimizing conversion and trying to find other avenues, more 
creative avenues of customer acquisition. 
 
These would include partnerships that we've had with the likes of Swiggy, where we have a large 
alliance partnership going on with them, which is helping us acquire some customers at a 
relatively lower cost of acquisition. So all in all, we are at a stage where now we should start 
seeing air ticketing gradually beginning to grow. We still on a year-over-year basis might face 
competitive challenges because of the base being higher in the last year. 
 
But if I look at this on a sequential quarter-on-quarter basis, you'll start seeing air ticketing 
beginning to grow gradually, but you will see very strong growth happening on the hotels and 
MICE side. That's the area which is much higher in terms of margins, and we continue to push 
quite actively on both of those fronts. So we feel that's the key way in which we can enhance 
our operating margins and our gross profit margins, and those are the areas which will see much 
faster growth rate. 
 
In terms of the split of the acquisition between hotels and air, so Globe, again, being a large 
MICE-focused business, their business is split almost 60% of their gross bookings come from 
air and 40% of their gross bookings come from hotels and packages. 
Manik Taneja: 
Okay. That's helpful. The last one, basically, you've been talking about, and with this acquisition 
also you basically increased your B2B or the corporate side of the business. If you could help us 
understand what proportion of our GVR as well as revenues are now linked to the B2B business, 
it would be great to essentially get some perspective on that. 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Sure. So in terms of gross bookings, now almost 60% of our gross bookings are coming from 
the corporate travel business, from the B2B business. That's how we plug it. We talk about B2B 
and B2C. Our combined B2B business is now accounting for almost 60% of our gross bookings. 
Okay. 
Manik Taneja: 
And this number should be going up as we consolidate Globe and that could be… 
Dhruv Shringi: 
 That's right. That is right. 
Manik Taneja: 
Yes. Thank you and all the best for the future. Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jinesh Shah from RSPN Ventures. Please go 
ahead. 
Jinesh Shah: 
So my first question would be regarding the take rate of hotel and package business. So we can 
see that it has gone down from 13% to 11%. So I would just like to know that the reason for the 
same and what should we expect in the coming quarters and next year? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Sure. So the change in mix out here between more focus on corporate hotels and mice, where 
margins at a gross level are lower, but then you don't really have any marketing and sales and 
distribution costs to that extent, right, is the reason why the weighted average margins on hotels 
and packages has moved from 12.7 to 10.9, right? It's only a mixed issue and nothing else. 
 
In terms of going forward, I would see these margins rationalizing a little bit more, closer to 
about 10%. I don't see that as a bad thing because what that means is the more profitable part of 
our business is scaling up in terms of overall share. And if I look at this from a, let's say a long-
term margin perspective, right? 
Over the next three years, given that the business would be largely focused on corporate and 
mice, I would expect this number to be range bound between nine and 10%. That's going to be 
the long-term kind of margin profile out here. 
Jinesh Shah: 
So my other question would be with respect to the gross margins, like if I see Y-o-Y or Q-on-Q 
basis, so like it was like 80% to 83% last quarter and last year corresponding, corresponding 
quarter. So like we can see that in this quarter it has been like around 40%, so what would be 
the reason linked to that? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
It is just purely on account of the accounting of packages, especially on the mice side, which get 
accounted for on a gross basis. That's the only reason. Otherwise there's no change in anything 
else. As I mentioned, to my mind, the right metrics to start focusing on would be the revenue 
less service cost. And look at how the revenue less service cost is growing quarter-on-quarter.  
Jinesh Shah: 
And one last question from my side, as you mentioned that since Globe and Yatra both are in 
mice business segment, so like you mentioned that the customers, you have like different 
customers and you don't overlap. So like I would just like to know the target customers from 
Globe and Yatra's perspective, whether it's like or based on class or geography? 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Dhruv Shringi: 
So in terms of the customer profile, on the corporate travel side, Yatra is much more focused on 
the large corporate space, what we call elite customers, whereas Globe is much more focused on 
the mid-market corporate space, which is our travel pro customer base. So that's the 
segmentation. Globe's customers will typically be between the INR2 crores to the INR5 crores 
kind of annual corporate travel spend space, whereas Yatra's customers will be much more closer 
to like on average about INR25-plus crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan Uppal from PhillipCapital India. Please 
go ahead. 
Karan Uppal: 
Two questions from my side. Firstly, just wanted to understand how much of the business is 
dependent on agents before the acquisition and how the mix changes post the acquisition of 
Globe? That's the first question. 
Dhruv Shringi: 
So in terms of business dependent on travel agents, that is just about maybe 10%-12% of our 
overall business. In terms of gross bookings, in terms of revenue, that would be more like 5%-
7%. So it's a very, very small part of our overall business. It doesn't change materially post the 
acquisition of Globe either. 
Karan Uppal: 
And secondly, I think you mentioned in your opening remarks about the partnership with a 
DMC, destination marketing company based out of Dubai. So if I understand correctly, these 
DMCs basically agents partner with these DMCs for offline bookings when they are organizing 
the group packages. 
Dhruv Shringi: 
No, that's not what we're looking at. Just to correct that, this company is a company called DW 
Travel. They are a very large travel management company, similar to us as a corporate travel 
company. We are their technology solution provider as part of corporate platform partnerships. 
So their customers in the Middle East will use now going forward, they will start implementing 
Yatra's technology platform as a white label for them. 
And then we will get a revenue per transaction from them for use of our platforms. So this is 
focused on the corporate travel space only, not on the DMC market. DMC is basically the guys 
which are the destination management companies that service travel agents. That's not what we 
are looking at. DW Travel will have customers like DP World, which is the largest port operator.  
They work with some of the large government organizations. So they're servicing the large 
corporate customers of the Middle East. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Khush from InCred Asset Management. Please 
go ahead. 
Khush: 
Just wanted two data points. One is in the air ticketing business, what would be the mix between 
B2C and B2B? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
So in the air ticketing business as well, we are now at a stage where B2C would be a shade under 
50% and early 50s would be B2B. 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Khush: 
And in the hotels, we would be at 60% B2B, right? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Yes, more than that, right? So it's closer to about 65% being B2B. 65% B2B. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
So on the partnership with DW, so this would be a revenue per customer. So it's not on a… 
Dhruv Shringi: 
No, it's a revenue per transaction. So it's more like, you can think of it in a way like a GDS 
segment fee or a SaaS platform transaction fee. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
So actually, we're looking at this, the DW seems to be part of this Emirates group, which is a $6 
billion group, and it looks big, but how would you treat this? Is this a partner that sort of will 
drive a lot of incremental revenue and EBITDA in the medium term, or do you think this is one 
of those partnerships, which is sort of maybe start off with, but it's not going to be meaningful 
to start with? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Nitin, how these partnerships would play out is that they will initially go through a transition 
phase, similar to what India went through in terms of adoption of digital technologies, right? So 
if you recall, our corporate travel adoption also happened at a very gradual pace until COVID 
happened and then suddenly it went up on a hockey stick. 
So when we look at the Middle East market, we look at this more as a long-term thing. Here, my 
sense is in the first year, we will get maybe revenue and our projections are between the $100,000 
to $150,000 a year from customer like this. But as you go forward, firstly, it's going to have a 
very long lifetime value of customer. 
And then the potential is to get to about $300,000 per year by the second, third year, once you 
see technology being implemented at a larger scale. So on the first year basis, we would expect 
a customer like this to deliver about $100,000 to $150,000 in terms of revenue to us. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
So one should expect that you'll have a lot more of these partnerships going on in different 
places. So your overall time sort of expands. Is it a fair assumption? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
That's right. So our objective is to look at this as a regional alliance to start with, where we do 
this across the Middle East markets in Southeast Asia and build a regional player on the same 
platform so that we can go and bid for larger contracts as well and offer large multinationals at 
least a uniform experience on the tool across different markets. 
So that's how we would look at this. So there would be more of these opportunities that we will 
continue to evaluate and explore as we move forward. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
And where would this reflect from an accounting perspective? Is it in the other services? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Yes, it will reflect in the other income. Yes, in the other services. 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
In the other services. And this would be a very high margin business, right? So even if it's 
$100,000… 
Dhruv Shringi: 
I mean, even more, because when you look at it from an incremental cost point of view, the 
incremental cost on this is fairly limited. So there's very high operating margin. It's like a SaaS 
kind of GP business. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Lastly, I just wanted to check on the MICE business. Q3 will be soft, right? So when we think 
about accretion from Globe and just look at their last year's reported revenue, typically, how 
should we think about it? What proportion of the annual revenue typically comes in the Q3 and 
Q4? Just some sense on seasonality for us to think about from our modelling perspective would 
be helpful. 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Sure. So then, you know, MICE is general business, right? So this would apply to Yatra's MICE 
as well, is that you would see approximately about 30% happening in Q2 and Q4, and about 
25% happening in Q1 and 15% happening in Q3. Because Q3 has the tightest availability in 
terms of inventory, and MICE typically needs large inventory, right? So the kind of group 
movements that we do, we need large inventory of hotels. 
So from that perspective, inventory is the tightest in Q3, given the Diwali, Dussehra break and 
the New Year Christmas break.  
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
So when you look at MICE overall, what proportion of the business would be MICE today? And 
strategically, as a percentage of the overall business, where do you think it should be considering 
that it has its own ebbs and flows and whatever it is? How would you want it to be longer term? 
And how is it currently? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
So in terms of MICE, what we would look at is out of our total gross bookings of hotels and 
packages, we would want MICE to be in the range of 25% to 33%. So at max, about one-third 
of our business should come from there. And we are today, with the combination of Globe and 
with our own organic efforts, getting to that stage of about 30%, 35%. 
 
What we will see, Nitin, maybe at a slightly faster pace would be the growth on the standalone 
hotel side as more and more customers, which are currently in the pipeline for deployment on 
our hotels program, go live over the course of the next quarter or so. So we'll start seeing some 
step function increases in that starting with January. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Right. And by when do you think the mid-market will really start kicking for us in terms of 
revenue and, the onboarding and earnings? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
In the mid-market segment, the onboarding is happening, but over there given that per customer 
revenue is still relatively small, right, compared to the large corporate, it will be a long-term kind 
of initiative, right? My sense is that for it to really start being material, we are looking at this to 
be maybe, in the second half of next year. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
And I also want to think about how large this is today on the overall portfolio as a percentage of 
the gross bookings and how could it be maybe longer term? How would you think about it? 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Dhruv Shringi: 
So today, it's just about 10% of the portfolio. If I look at from an overall industry dynamic point 
of view, right? So 70% of the industry on the corporate travel side is unmanaged business travel 
and 30% is managed business travel, right? So we are just about dipping our toes in the 70% of 
the industry right now. 
 
So longer term, it will become, it should become, meaningfully larger. The difference between 
the two is that on the larger corporate side, you do a lot more tech integration. So the stickiness 
does tend to be much higher, whereas out here, the stickiness is relatively lower because it's a 
more standardized product. 
 
But I look at this as a big opportunity, given that, the vast majority of the offline players don't 
really have the technology chops to be able to, scale this segment. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Got it. Perfect. Very helpful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Khush from InCred Asset Management. Please 
go ahead. 
Khush: 
Yes, hi. This is more of a question to Rohan. I was looking at your 6K that you have filed. The 
adjusted EBITDA, there is a INR66 million compared to what we have reported in the 
presentation as 136. So what will be the differential? 
Rohan Mittal: 
So the differential would be on multiple counts. One, there is a cost item which is sitting in our 
U.S. Holdco, which primarily concerns the cost of compliance. So for example, our stack 
auditors in U.S., our fees for SOX compliance, DNO insurance, etc. So there'll be those items 
which will add up to the differential. 
Khush: 
Got it. And what is the position right now on the Holdco structure? 
Rohan Mittal: 
In the sense of we were looking to collapse that structure, right? We continue to evaluate options. 
There was a restructuring committee which was formed in the month of July. And the committee 
has evaluated certain options. We do, we are working with our consultants, lawyers, etc. To 
come up with a structure which is the most optimal structure for the organization and the 
shareholders. We will make some announcements on that in due course of time. 
Khush: 
Got it. And lastly, on the ESOP cost, what it was in this quarter? 
Rohan Mittal: 
The ESOP cost for this quarter is about INR2.5 crores. 
Khush: 
And this has substantially come down from INR9.7 crores. So this will be the current end date 
or this will increase in the subsequent quarters? 
Rohan Mittal: 
See, the ESOP cost is a function of grants. And once new grants are issued, which is subject to 
board's discretion, once new grants are issued, then there is a waterfall mechanism for recording 
those ESOP grants. So the initial few quarters are always high. And then that cost tapers off over 
the period of that ESOP grant, which typically in our case is four years. So it is difficult to 
comment on the exact numbers in future, but expect a range bound number going forward. 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinay from Hathway Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Vinay: 
Yes, thanks for the call. Just wanted to check out on two things. One is in your Slide 7, where 
you mentioned cross-booking and adjusted revenue. Could you just give me what is the 
difference between the two? Cross-booking, I can understand. Adjusted revenue is left of service 
cost? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Adjusted revenue is basically the sum total of all the commission income that we earn from all 
our suppliers, right? Plus any service fee that we charge to the customer. So that's the total pool 
of margin that we have. 
Vinay: 
But that doesn't add up to any numbers in your quarterly consolidated financial performance that 
you have given in Slide 10? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Yes. So the way this number is worked out is you have your total revenue, less your service cost, 
plus add back up discounts and coupons which are issued to the customers. So in our 6K, there 
would be a reconsideration of this as well. 
Vinay: 
And just one more point. You have a good platform where you can service MICE and your 
corporate travel customers. Would you in future look at using the same for individual occasions 
like weddings and all? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
That's an interesting question. We've looked at some of these things. It's just a matter of 
prioritization. At some point, we will get to that. But as of today, I think we've got a great 
opportunity in front of us on the cross-sell of MICE to our existing customers itself and some of 
the large customers that we carry forward from the Globe acquisition where we are servicing 
MICE. 
 
So I think there's a big farming opportunity there itself for the next few months for us to do 
before we open newer segments like weddings. But yes, at some point in future, given that it is 
a very lucrative segment, we will evaluate that. But it's still a bit further out in the roadmap. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Is there no further questions from the participants? I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Dhruv from Yatra Online for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Thank you so much, operator. And I would like to thank all of you for taking out the time to join 
us this afternoon. As you would have seen, we've made substantial progress in the business and 
we remain very confident that going forward as well, our performance will continue to improve 
as we go forward. 
 
We've got a very strong brand. We've got a very large corporate franchise. And now we've got 
multiple ways through which we can monetize this, whether it's through the MICE channel, 
whether it's by adding hotels and standalone hotels on the corporate travel platform and things 
like expense management. So we remain very confident of our plan and our ability to execute 
on it. And thank you for all the trust that you have put in us. Thank you. 

Yatra Online Limited 
November 13, 2024 
Page 16 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of DAM Capital Advisors Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings.
