 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (Stock Code: DRREDDY-EQ) 
BSE Limited (Stock Code: 500124) 
New York Stock Exchange Inc. (Stock Code: RDY) 
NSE IFSC Ltd. (Stock Code: DRREDDY) 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings call conducted on November 5, 2024  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings call for 
the quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2024, conducted on November 5, 2024. Also please note 
that this transcript of the call has been uploaded on our website and is available at the following link.  
 
Weblink: :  https://www.drreddys.com/cms/cms/sites/default/files/2024-
11/DRL_Q2FY25%20Earnings%20Call%20Transcript_5Nov2024.pdf 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited 
 
 
 
K Randhir Singh 
Company Secretary, Compliance Officer & Head-CSR 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KUMAR 
RANDHIR 
SINGH
Digitally signed by 
KUMAR RANDHIR 
SINGH 
Date: 2024.11.11 
21:59:39 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Limited's  
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call  
 
November 5, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. EREZ ISRAELI: CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. M. V. NARASIMHAM: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MS. RICHA PERIWAL: HEAD - INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
STRATEGY & CORPORATE ANALYTICS 

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 5, 2024 
 
 
2 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call of     
Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the ‘listen-only’ 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
(*), then zero, on your touch-down phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I, now, hand the conference over to Ms. Richa Periwal. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Richa Periwal: 
Thank you. A very good morning and good evening to all of you and thank you for joining us 
today for Dr. Reddy's Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us the leadership team 
of Dr. Reddy's comprising of Mr. Erez Israeli, our CEO; Mr. MV Narasimham, our CFO, whom 
we fondly call as ‘MVN’ and the Investor Relations team. 
 
Earlier during the day, we have released our results, and the same is also posted on our website. 
We kick off today's call with MVN taking us through the financial highlights of the quarter. This 
will be followed by Erez, sharing his thoughts on operating environment and business 
performance. Post which, we open the forum for Q&A.  
Please note that today's call is a copyrighted material of Dr. Reddy's and cannot be re-
broadcasted or attributed in press or media outlets without the Company's expressed, written 
consent. This call is being recorded, and the playback and transcript shall be made available on 
our website soon. All the discussions and analysis of this call will be based on the IFRS 
consolidated financial statements. The discussion today contains certain non-GAAP financial 
measures. For a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures, please refer to our press 
release. 
 
Before I proceed with the call, I would like to remind everyone that the ‘safe harbor’ contained 
in today's press release also pertains to this conference call. 
 
Now, I hand over the call to MVN. 
MV Narasimham: 
Thank you, Richa. A very warm welcome to all. It is my pleasure to interact with you for the 
first time and present results for Q2 FY25.  
We delivered a strong performance this quarter with broad-based top line growth and healthy 
operating margins, resulting in highest ever quarterly sales and PBT. As you all know, we 
completed the acquisition of the NRT portfolio and paid an upfront cash consideration of         
GBP 458 million. We also completed the transaction with Nestlé India on 1st August, and all 
business activities of the Nutraceuticals portfolio is now being carried out through our 
subsidiary, ‘Dr. Reddy’s and Nestlé Health Science Limited’. 
 
Following the completion, Nestlé India was allocated share of the subsidiary, representing a 49% 
stake. We have also recently completed 5-for-1 stock split, following the approval from our 
Board and shareholders. 

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 5, 2024 
 
 
3 
 
 
Let us now look at the financial performance of the quarter. For this section, all amounts have 
been translated into US dollar at a convenience translation rate of Rs. 83.76, which is the rate as 
of September 30th, 2024.  
Consolidated revenues for the quarter stood at Rs. 8,016 crores, which is $957 million and grew 
by 17% on YoY basis and 4% on a sequential basis. All markets contributed to this quarter’s 
YoY growth.  
Consolidated gross profit margin stood at 59.6% for the quarter, an increase of 92 basis points 
over the same quarter of the previous year and a decrease of 81 basis points sequentially. The 
YoY increase was primarily on account of an improved product mix and manufacturing 
overhead leverage, partially offset by marginal price erosion in generics markets. The QoQ 
decline was on account of overall mix change. Gross margin for Global Generics and PSAI were 
at 63% and 30% respectively.  
The SG&A spend for the quarter was Rs. 2,301 crores, which is $275 million, an increase of 
22% YoY and 1% QoQ. The YoY increase was primarily on account of investments in new 
business initiatives, building capabilities, higher freight costs, annual merit increase and certain 
one-time costs related to the acquisition of NRT brands. The SG&A spend as a percentage to 
sales was 28.7% and was higher by 138 basis points YoY and lower by 87 basis points QoQ. 
Excluding the one-time acquisition related cost, SG&A spend was at 28.1% of sales. We expect 
SG&A to be in the range of 27.5% to 28% for the full fiscal.  
The R&D spend for the quarter was Rs. 727 crores, which is $87 million, an increase of 33% 
YoY and 17% QoQ. We are developing a robust pipeline of small molecules, biosimilars and 
novel oncology assets, through internal and collaborative efforts, to drive future growth. The 
R&D spend was at 9.1% of sales and was higher by 115 basis points YoY and 100 basis points 
QoQ. We expect the investment to be in the range of 8.5-9% for the full fiscal. 
The other operating income for the quarter was Rs. 98 crores, lower versus Rs. 180 crores last 
year, due to a one-time product related settlement income in the United Kingdom in the same 
quarter of the previous fiscal. 
The EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 2,280 crores, that is $272 million, an increase of 5% YoY 
and 6% QoQ. The EBITDA margin stood at 28.4% of sales and was lower by 326 basis points 
YoY and higher by 30 basis points QoQ. Excluding the one-time acquisition related cost as 
mentioned earlier, the underlying EBITDA margins stood at 29.1% of sales. 
Impairment loss was of Rs. 92 Crores on intangibles related to a product in the Mayne portfolio 
that was facing procurement constraints from its contract manufacturer.  
The net finance income for the quarter is Rs. 156 crores, as compared to Rs. 123 crores for the 
same quarter last year.  

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 5, 2024 
 
 
4 
 
Profit before tax for the quarter stood at Rs. 1,917 crores, that is $229 million. PBT as a % of 
revenues was at 23.9%. Excluding the one-time acquisition related costs and impairment charge 
as called out earlier, the underlying PBT margin stood at 25.7% of revenues. 
Effective tax rate (ETR) for the quarter was at 30%. Pursuant to the amendments in Finance Act 
2024 resulting in the withdrawal of indexation benefit, the Company reversed a deferred tax 
asset of Rs. 48 crores created in earlier periods on land. Excluding the impact of this one-time 
reversal, adjusted ETR for the quarter on the underlying PBT is 25.9%. We expect our 
normalized ETR to be around 25% for the fiscal.  
Profit after tax, but before minority interest, for the quarter stood at Rs. 1,342 crores, which is 
$160 million. PAT margin was at 16.7% of revenues. 
  
The non-controlling interest share of profit after tax for the quarter was Rs. 86 crores. This 
primarily includes the share of a one-time deferred tax asset recognized upon transfer of             
Dr. Reddy’s nutraceuticals brands to the subsidiary. 
Profit after tax excluding the non-controlling interest for the quarter stood at Rs. 1,255 crores, 
which is $150 million. This is at 15.7% of revenues. Excluding the impact of one-time 
acquisition related cost, impairment charge, tax reversal and non-controlling interest share as 
indicated earlier, underlying PAT margins stood at 19% of revenues. 
Reported EPS is Rs. 15.04. The EPS has been derived on the increased number of shares post 
the stock split and after non-controlling interest. 
Operating working capital as of 30th September 2024 was Rs. 12,066 crores, which is                    
$1,441 million, an increase of Rs. 511 crores, which is $61 million over 30th June 2024. 
Capex cash outflow for the quarter stood at Rs. 735 crores, which is $88 million. The free cash 
flow generated during this quarter was Rs. 204 crores, which is $24 million. Post acquisition-
related upfront pay-out, we have a net cash surplus of Rs. 1,889 crores, i.e., $226 million as on 
September 30th, 2024.  
 
Foreign currency cash flow hedges in the form of derivatives are as follows. US dollar is          
$693 million, hedged around rate of Rs. 83.9 and 84.1 to the dollar, maturing over next 12 
months which allows participation when USD strengthens and RUB 5,290 million with 
minimum protection rate of Rs. 0.905 to the Ruble maturing in the next 6 months.  
With this, I, now, request Erez to take us through the key business highlights. 
Erez Israeli: 
Thank you, MVN. And a very good morning or good evening to everyone on the call. Thank 
you for joining us this time.  
Our growth momentum continued in Q2FY25 across all markets, translating into yet another 
quarter of highest ever revenues and operating profit.  

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 5, 2024 
 
 
5 
 
The quarter witnessed two milestones in our journey towards building new businesses. Our 
venture with Nestlé for nutraceutical products in India was operationalized in August. We also 
completed the acquisition of Nicotinell® and related brands in the Nicotine Replacement 
Therapy category in September.  
We continue to strengthen our presence in existing spaces by building best-in-class capabilities 
and commercial infrastructure to leverage our portfolio globally, and by driving operational 
efficiencies. We remain focused on our core businesses of generics and APIs, while also 
investing in our pipeline, as well as growth drivers of the future, in line with our stated strategy.  
Let me take you through some of the other key highlights for the quarter. One, double-digit 
growth in revenue in Q2 at 17%. Two, both reported EBITDA margins and annualized ROCE 
were over 28%. Adjusting for one-time expenses related to the NRT acquisition, the EBITDA 
margin was higher at 29.1%.  
Net cash surplus was $226 million. This is after making an upfront payment of GBP 458 million 
towards the recently acquired NRT portfolio. 
Our subsidiary, Aurigene Oncology, announced promising results of Phase 1 study for India’s 
first trial for novel autologous CAR-T cell therapy for multiple myeloma. Further, the USFDA 
approved the IND for AUR-112, an asset developed by Aurigene Oncology for the treatment of 
lymphoid malignancies. 
We have secured a Marketing Authorization from the European Commission for our rituximab 
biosimilar, our first such MA in Europe. 
We recently entered into a voluntary licensing agreement with Gilead Sciences to manufacture 
and commercialise HIV treatment drug, Lenacapavir, in 120+ countries. 
On the regulatory front, the USFDA classified three of our facilities as ‘VAI’ – this includes two 
of our formulations manufacturing facilities in Duvvada, Visakhapatnam, following their routine 
GMP inspection in May 2024, as well as our API manufacturing facility in Srikakulam, Andhra 
Pradesh, following their GMP inspection in June 2024. In August, the USFDA completed a 
product-specific Pre-Approval Inspection at our formulations manufacturing facility, FTO SEZ 
PU1, in Srikakulam, Andhra Pradesh and issued a Form 483 with three observations. We have 
responded to the observations within stipulated timelines. In September, the USFDA completed 
a routine GMP inspection at our R&D centre in Bachupally, Hyderabad and closed the inspection 
with zero observations. 
Sustainability continues to remain central to our business strategy. Recognizing our focused 
efforts in sustainability, KPMG India awarded us their ESG Excellence Award 2024 in the 
‘Large-cap Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare’ category. Further, we were featured amongst the 
‘Top 15’ Most Sustainable Companies 2024 by Businessworld India. 

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 5, 2024 
 
 
6 
 
Now, let me take you through the key business highlights for the quarter. Please note that all 
references to the numbers in this section are in respective local currencies.  
Our North America Generics business recorded revenues of $445 million for the quarter with a 
YoY growth of 16% and a sequential decline of 4%. The increase in sales volumes helped offset 
single-digit price erosion and additional generic competition in certain base products. We 
launched 4 new products during the quarter and will close the full year with 15-20 launches. 
Our European Generics business recorded revenues of €63 million this quarter, with a YoY and 
sequential growth of 7%. The increase was largely contributed by revenues from new launches, 
partly offset by pricing pressure on certain of our products. During the quarter, we launched a 
total of 8 products across markets.  
Our Emerging Markets Generics business recorded revenues of Rs. 1,455 crores in Q2, recording 
a strong YoY and sequential growth of 20% and 23%, respectively. On a YoY basis, market 
share expansion and revenues from new products launched in RoW markets, more than offset 
the unfavorable forex. We launched 22 new products during the quarter across various countries 
of the Emerging Markets. Within the segment, the Russia business grew by 27% YoY basis and 
23% sequentially in constant currency.  
India business recorded revenues of Rs. 1,397 crores in Q2, with a double-digit YoY growth of 
18% and a sequential growth of 5%. The growth was primarily on account of additional revenues 
from the recently in-licensed vaccine’s portfolio from Sanofi and new brand launches. As per 
IQVIA, our IPM rank continued to be at 10. We have launched 3 brands this quarter, in addition 
to integrating the nutraceutical products under our subsidiary, ‘Dr. Reddy’s and Nestlé Health 
Science Limited’.  
Our PSAI business recorded revenues of $100 million in Q2FY25, a YoY growth of 18% and 
sequential growth of 9%. The YoY growth was primarily on account of improvement in volumes 
and growth in the CDMO business, which is also reported thereunder. We filed 22 DMFs 
globally this quarter.  
We invested 9.1% of our revenues to strengthen our R&D capabilities. Our R&D investments 
this quarter stood at Rs. 727 crores. Our efforts are focused on developing complex, value-
accretive products, including several generic injectables, peptides and biosimilars, in line with 
our patient-centric strategy of enabling access and affordability. We have made 60 global generic 
filings, including 2 ANDAs for the US market during Q2FY25. 
In addition to investing in our development pipeline, we continue to strengthen our presence in 
our core areas of business, while also collaborating to build businesses in three areas – consumer 
healthcare, access to novel molecules, and digital therapeutics. We are also evaluating value 
creating inorganic opportunities in existing spaces, as well as businesses of the future. We are 
certain that these strategic investments, coupled with our sharp focus on improving efficiencies 
will enable us to deliver sustainable growth as well as profitability. And with this, I would like 
to open the floor for questions and answers. 

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 5, 2024 
 
 
7 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
comes from Kunal Dhamesha from Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. First one on the 
North America business, we have written that the sequential decline is primarily due to volumes. 
So sequentially, is it fair to assume that the pricing was stable? 
Erez Israeli: 
The prices are relatively stable in the way we normally calculate them. We did not have major 
issues on the big products that we normally discuss. As for the sequential, I would not take it too 
seriously. Part of it is a normal supply chain behavior that comes into inventory of the 
distributors or inventory of the retailers. We can definitely guide that we'll continue to grow in 
America on the base products as well. So, I will not read too much into that. You'll see different 
numbers in the next quarter. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Okay. And this decline in sales volume, one, you said is the channel inventory adjustment. And 
could it also be some seasonal products not kicking in in this quarter? 
Erez Israeli: 
Yes. So it was mostly about supply chain. There is no real decline. So, there is no loss of market 
share or anything like that. Actually, if at all, we have a gain of market share. So I will not read 
too much about the sequential decline. I think, year-over-year actually reflects the situation. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure. And then the second one on the India Business. We have posted around 18% growth. But 
let's say, if we remove the Sanofi vaccine business, would we be at the double-digit growth for 
our base business? 
Erez Israeli: 
It's almost there. It's 9-point-something percent, even without the vaccines. So, almost there. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
So, we have improved a lot from the single digit to low double digit in this quarter? 
Erez Israeli: 
So yes, we are in the double-digit even without the vaccines. Obviously with it we are well there. 
So, it's in the right direction, but it's almost there. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure. And then do you think that this can again accelerate beyond what we have done in Q2 in 
the coming quarters, given the launch momentum has been very strong, right? We have been 
launching a lot of products in India? 
Erez Israeli: 
Absolutely. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Neha Manpuria from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Thank you for taking my question. My 2-part question is related to the US business. Given we 
have seen a host of facilities clearing inspections in the last few months and while we are 
launching products, we have not really seen high-value launches from Reddy's in the recent 
times. So, when do you think we launch certain of these limited competition high-value products 
for the US business? When do we start seeing that? 

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 5, 2024 
 
 
8 
 
 
And second, our R&D has stepped up a fair bit. But I did see filing momentum has been fairly 
muted. So when does that R&D spend reflect in higher filing or higher-quality filing, better filing 
and therefore, revenues? 
Erez Israeli: 
Yes. So on the first question, I hope that you'll see it probably in Q3, but I cannot guarantee that. 
It's about the ability to get approvals. But we have a couple of those kind of products waiting for 
approval by the USFDA. And I hope already in Q3, we will see that. Let's say, the remainder of 
the year and for sure, in FY26, we should see a much better take on that. 
 
As for the filing of the R&D, we are primarily focusing on the, what I call, high-quality R&D. 
We are not going for the 40 files per year, but we are spending on the, let's say, more selective 
type of products, but with a higher value. And we are doing globally, not just in the United 
States. So every product is going globally. Plus, the investment in biosimilar is primarily for 
abatacept. So, this is where the R&D money is going to. I believe that there is a better yield and 
better improvement performance of R&D and we should eventually see it also in the numbers. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Got it, sir. And sir, the R&D spend, how much of this would be for biosimilars and the oncology 
asset? And any updates that we can get on the timing for our two biosimilar filings? 
Erez Israeli: 
Sure. Out of the total R&D, 36% is going to both biologics as well as Aurigene. Aurigene is our 
innovative arm. And the rest of it is going for the generics. The generics is about 50% of the 
number of the R&D and 14% is attributed to the API. So this is give or take the pie. But about 
biologics, I believe that the most important product we will launch in the beginning of 2027, and 
this is abatacept. And we have a couple of licensing activities that is not impacting the R&D, 
but will be impacting, obviously, the portfolio that we'll have. One of them is denosumab. And 
of course, this is on top of what we do now with rituximab and bevacizumab in Europe. 
Neha Manpuria: 
And we were supposed to file denosumab towards the end of this year. Are we on track of filing 
denosumab in the US market? 
Erez Israeli: 
Yes. So Europe is on time and also the United States will be filed also by the end of the calendar 
year. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from Amey Chalke from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Amey Chalke: 
Thank you for taking my question. My first question is on Revlimid. So, in first half, whatever 
the sales we might have booked for lenalidomide, do you expect the sales to be similar in second 
half? Or you expect the run rate to be on the lower side? 
Erez Israeli: 
You know it, I cannot speak about the sales of Revlimid, per se, because of the agreement. But 
let's say, you are going to see that it will continue to be very healthy also in the remainder of the 
year and also in FY26. 
Amey Chalke: 
Sure. The second question I have, if you can tell us about the preparation for the GLP-1 products 
for both US and ROW markets, which are going to face patent expiry or where we are going to 
launch these products. 

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 5, 2024 
 
 
9 
 
Erez Israeli: 
Sure. So first of all, on the overall question on GLP-1, it's a very important segment for us, 
primarily because of focus on peptides, especially on the API side. So we identified close to, in 
addition to Semaglutide, liraglutide, etcetera, we are talking about 14 or 15 GLP-1s that are 
coming up. Obviously, those will mostly be with the patent dates that will be in the next decade. 
But, let's say, we are going for the entire segment as we speak. Specifically, for Semaglutide, 
we are planning to be on Day 1 in all the markets that will be open and that we will have, of 
course, from an IP standpoint, clearance to launch. And that's basically the plan, and we are 
ready with our internal capabilities on both, API as well as our formulations. 
Amey Chalke: 
Sure. Just last question I have on the spend. Our SG&A spend, excluding amortization or 
depreciation, have gone up sharply over the last 2 to 3 years. I understand we have a big 
opportunity in US where we are generating good profits, which we are reinvesting in the 
business. But let's say, post FY26, do you expect this SG&A spend to remain elevated like this? 
Or you expect some correction after? 
Erez Israeli: 
Indeed, we increased the SG&A in the last few years, primarily because of the mix of markets 
that we have. We are focusing more on India, on emerging markets. And these are, as you know, 
very profitable markets for us. And they paid well also for those SG&A. So, the level of SG&A 
in B2B markets is obviously lower. So, part of the SG&A growth is also part of the mix of the 
markets that is changing, and it's actually changing in a healthy manner. 
 
In terms of the growth of the SG&A, it will be much, much more moderated. I will say flat to 
moderate, depends on the quarters and the years that we will discuss because like you said, we 
had an opportunity to build that kind of a franchise and infrastructure in many, many emerging 
markets and now it's well established. 
 
The caveat for that will be that we're naturally going for India for innovative products. We are 
licensing those products. Naturally, some of these products will require certain investments. So 
likely this will do them, but I don't think it will be materially change the level of SG&A, and it's 
not going to happen also very soon.  
MV Narasimham: 
So, I also just want to add, if you look at adjusting one-time costs of this quarter, our SG&A is 
28.1% of the sales, and then we expect on a full year basis, it will be in the range of 27.5% to 
28%. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Balaji Prasad from Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Mikaela Franceschina: 
Hi, this is Mikaela on for Balaji. Thanks for taking my question. We're just wondering how you 
can leverage the situation where ‘Make-in-America’ for generics gets a stronger emphasis? And 
if you do increase manufacturing in the US, what would this mean for operating margin? Thanks 
so much. 
Erez Israeli: 
We are not increasing manufacturing in the US. The products that we are launching in the US 
will be made outside of the US, primarily in India.  

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 5, 2024 
 
 
10 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Harith Ahamed from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on the rituximab biosimilar, for which we 
got an EMA authorization recently. So, will you be able to share some color on the timelines for 
launch and our expectations from this particular product? And for the same product in the US, I 
believe we are awaiting clearance of our facility in Bachupally, which was last inspected in 
October '23. So, what is the status of that inspection? Do we have a final classification from the 
FDA? That's my first question. 
Erez Israeli: 
Yes. So, thank you for the question. So the European launch is planned for February '25. And as 
for the US, we did submit our response to the US FDA. And obviously, we will wait for this 
approval. Likely that it will be in the first half of FY26. So of course, it depends upon when we 
will get the approval from the US FDA. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Okay. And on generic Nuvaring for which we've disclosed a Rs. 90 crores impairment this 
quarter. So, can you share what percent of the intangibles related to this product has been 
impaired? What I'm trying to understand is whether this product is completely out of our 
expectations? Or do you still expect some revenues from this product? 
MV Narasimham: 
So, we have provided for the full carrying value, because the existing contract manufacturing 
organization is unable to supply the product. Hence, we have provided for 100% of the carrying 
value. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Okay. Sir, last one with your permission. The intangibles related to the Haleon portfolio 
acquisition, which I believe is around Rs. 5,500 crores. Over what time frame will we be 
amortizing this? I'm trying to understand the impact on our P&L. 
MV Narasimham: 
So, largely around 20-plus years. Currently, we are still evaluating, but I think it will be 
somewhere in the 22 - 23 years range. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Damayanti Kerai from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. My question is on R&D. So, you mentioned you are focusing 
on high-quality R&D. So, can you just talk about the segments or products which you are 
working on? And do you think you can launch some material products in, say, next 1 to 2 years 
in the US market, specifically, which can help you to cover up some sales lost on the Revlimid 
part. So that's my first question. 
Erez Israeli: 
So, on the first part of the question, like I mentioned to Neha - about 50% of the R&D goes to 
generics. So, this is primarily peptides and injectables, especially complex injectables. The 
biologics is going primarily on the pipeline that we have, but most of the money, in the short 
term, will go on the clinical trials of abatacept. And, then we have the investment in the next set 
of products for first-to-market, which will come later. This is on the API side, mostly GLP-1 
type of products and the oncology products of Aurigene. So this is one. 

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 5, 2024 
 
 
11 
 
 
On the second part of the question - yes, there is a healthy pipeline of about 20-plus products of 
that nature, that have relatively higher value. Of course, most of them are approval dependent. 
So it's hard to know when exactly we will launch them, but we are ready, and they should 
contribute to that. And this is including, obviously, Semaglutide in which there is a patent date 
- we were asked before about that - and this will be launched once the market will open up for 
this. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Sure. My related question is you mentioned peptides, GLP-1 is one of your focus segments. On 
the R&D part, I understand you are covering the entire product basket, which will open up in 
market in coming years. But on the manufacturing part, do you have in-house manufacturing 
capability, or you intend to get it done through some manufacturing partners? 
Erez Israeli: 
So, we are going to make it in-house, both the APIs as well as the finished dose and we are 
primarily dependent on our own internal capabilities. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
 Okay. So mostly, it will be done in-house and maybe some parts can be done through external 
parties? 
Erez Israeli: 
Yes, yes, absolutely. The part that is not done by us is the device. The device itself, we are not 
making. But our main strength is on the API, as we have those certain technologies, primarily 
microwave, that allow us to scale it up very, very nicely. And this is probably our biggest 
advantage so far in this segment. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Sorry, I think I missed. So you said API is your strength, but the formulation that can be done 
through CMOs? Is that right? 
Erez Israeli: 
So, we are making the API. We are making the formulations. We can also use CMOs for 
formulations, but primarily, it will be made by us. And the part that we have to buy is the device 
- the device we are buying. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. Understood. My second and last question is on the Nestlé JV. So, you concluded the deal 
in August. Like what kind of sales or any number you have booked in the second quarter? And 
from here on, what kind of ramp-up you see, in terms of putting more products in the portfolio 
or in terms of revenue. How should we see updates there? 
Erez Israeli: 
So, right now, it's very small in terms of growth, because most of the Nestlé products are not yet 
registered and brought to India. So, the main intent of this franchise is to bring the Nestlé brands 
that are very successful outside of India to India and to bring them over time. 
 
So, at this stage, we are talking about tens of crores. It's not material - let's say - somewhere 
between Rs. 50 to 60 crores. It's not significant. The main impact will come, obviously, from the 
ability to grow the brands in the future. So, this is the kind of business that it will take us time 
to scale it up. But we believe that it's very good and very sticky for many, many years to come. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Bino Pathiparampil from Elara Capital.  

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 5, 2024 
 
 
12 
 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Hi, good evening. Just following up on a previous answer - abatacept, you said could be a launch 
in early '27. Did you mean calendar '27? 
Erez Israeli: 
Yes, calendar '27, yes. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Okay. And I was looking at the Russia growth adjusted for the currency fluctuations. It seems 
the first half growth in Russia and CIS is a bit muted, probably around the mid-single digits. 
Any particular reason? And what's the outlook for the rest of the year? 
Erez Israeli: 
So, like I mentioned, Russia is doing really, really well. So in constant currency, we grew 27% 
in Q2. And indeed, there is some devaluation, but I think we have also the right reasons for it. 
So overall, it is likely that you're going to see this high level of double digit in Russia. You have 
some seasonality in Russian products. So, not every quarter is growing in the same way. But 
overall, this is the level of growth, especially as some of our peers are not investing in Russia 
the way we do, and we are gaining rank as we speak. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Okay. And, one last question on PSAI. There is a lot of optimism in the market around the 
CDMO business opportunity coming India's way. Are you seeing that helping your PSAI 
business in any way? 
Erez Israeli: 
So, it does contribute to our growth. For us, strategically, I see CDMO, primarily, as an area 
which helps us to build relationships and build capabilities, especially in R&D as the CDMO is 
working on the products of the future, and it allows us to scale ourselves up, both small 
molecules as well as in big molecules. It has also contributed to the growth. And I hope that we 
will be able to see triple digit on sales of API, if not next year or the year after, but in this range 
of time. So it's a nice growth. In addition to that, most of the growth in the PSAI comes from 
collaborations and partners that we have across the globe. This is an important, strategic pillar 
for us as part of the B2B business. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Surya Patra from Phillip Capital. Please go ahead. 
Surya Patra: 
Sir, my first question is on the Nicotinell® business integration. So having completed the 
transaction, if you can share your thought process now about your growth plans, your integration 
strategy of this business across various markets and your margin and cost positioning for that 
business? 
Erez Israeli: 
Sure. So we are going to get the markets in a certain sequence. And just to make sure that I'm 
explaining it in the right way. Naturally, it's a carve out of brands from activities that Haleon is 
having today. So, for some of those countries, we have to create either a legal entity or sales 
force or distribution agreement or any of that. So, there is an agreement of sequence of countries 
in which we are going to get and we will be ready to accept those countries with relevant 
infrastructure, both internal and external. The starting market will be UK in April and in the next 
12 to 14 months, we should get more than 80% of the sales managed by us. Until then, it will be 
managed by Haleon.  

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 5, 2024 
 
 
13 
 
Obviously, in terms of numbers, we will start to recognize them already in Q3. So from Q3 
onwards, you will see the full impact of that, including some commissions that we need to pay 
for Haleon for doing the work for us during this period of time. 
 
We see three types of synergies that will come once we will manage it directly. One is our ability 
to invest and focus on those brands. This we feel that this brand had certain lack of focus or lack 
of attention for several years. And we believe that by doing that, we can increase the growth. By 
the way, the brand is growing single digits already today. 
 
And second, we can bring it to more markets, more countries. And number three, much more 
important, we appreciate that there is a lot of changes we can do in terms of innovation - different 
products, different packaging, different life cycle management of the brand, etcetera. So between 
the three, we believe that we can add value to these brands. And so right now, focus is on the 
integration, like I mentioned, to get it and to build the infrastructure. And post that, obviously, 
to invest and to grow it further. 
Surya Patra: 
Sure, sir. Second question is about the CDMO business again. Because of our manufacturing 
base and positioning within the US, whether this Bio-Secure Act development will offer any 
kind of a meaningful kind of footprint for our CDMO operations, which has been kind of 
relatively muted or seeing a kind of muted performance since some time. Do you expect any 
kind of meaningful kick-start to the momentum there? 
Erez Israeli: 
We do see more projects that are coming on the biologics side of the CDMO, which is relatively 
new to us, but we definitely see that the Bio-Secure Act, as you mentioned, brings more attention 
to this segment. And yes, I believe that it will translate to future business. And yes, I do see an 
opportunity. I cannot tell you that it's huge at this stage, but it's absolutely in the right direction. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. Just last one clarification for the US business growth. You mentioned you are seeing some 
volume-related impact in the quarter. But is it possible to give some sense, excluding of 
lenalidomide, some color to the growth Y-o-Y for the quarter or for the first half, what growth 
that we would have seen for the base business? 
Erez Israeli: 
So again, like I mentioned to Kunal, I would not read too much on the sequential. On the year-
to-year, we are growing the base business, and it's not just lenalidomide. So we are growing that. 
And I will not read too much into the Q-on-Q. 
Surya Patra: 
No, I wanted to know just on a Y-o-Y basis, sir, for the first half? 
Erez Israeli: 
Y-on-Y, we're growing. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Tarang Agarwal from Old Bridge. Please go ahead. 
Tarang Agarwal: 
Congrats for a very strong set of numbers. Three questions. First on Russia. The Rs. 600 crores 
investment in working capital - what's driving this now? And basically, just wanted to 
understand or get a bit more color on the business, in terms of how working capital intensive is 

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 5, 2024 
 
 
14 
 
that business, some dynamics on the market. Some point, I think DRL had a 2.5% market share 
in that market. How has that moved? And what's the volume market share there? 
MV Narasimham: 
We have managed working capital through factoring and short-term loans. Now, it is becoming 
costlier. And then as a group, when we evaluated this working capital funding as an equity from 
India to subsidiary, it is beneficial at overall level. That's why we are infusing as an equity 
towards working capital requirement.  
Erez Israeli: 
As for the market share, I don't remember exactly the numbers, but we definitely increased 
market share and increased our ranking in Russia. So we're clearly growing primarily because 
of focus. We are a company that's still focusing on this market and there are companies with less 
focus. I think this is going to very much going to help our side. I think overall in terms of market, 
both in months as well as quarters, we are growing faster than the market in all segments, on Rx, 
on OTC etcetera. 
Tarang Agarwal: 
Erez, just to get a sense, I mean, how big is the covered market in Russia where Dr. Reddy's 
operate? And I mean, it's a sizable business now almost $300 million. So how big is the market? 
And my sense is that the end market may not be growing, but from your vantage, could you 
expect this business to grow at the same speed as which you probably see your India business 
growing? 
Erez Israeli: 
I believe so. I believe that you are going to see continuous growth. Indeed, the market itself is 
not growing in volume, but obviously, value, you see a growth because, of course, the situation 
in a country, price increases, etcetera. 
Tarang Agarwal: 
Okay. Sure. Second, on capex, overall, if I see the trajectory over the last 3, 4 years, we see a lot 
of investments in R&D, buying products between market access and as intangibles. In terms of 
physical infrastructure, if you could give us a sense, where are you in terms of your utilizations 
between your injectables, your oral solids and your API business? And what are the kind of 
investments that you are looking at, in terms of expanding your physical infrastructure from here 
on? 
Erez Israeli: 
Yes. So most of our investment is in the following spaces. We are investing in our injectables. 
We are investing in our biosimilars. And we are investing in our API business. And most of the 
investment in the API business, which is about right now, let's say, give or take 50% of the capex 
is primarily to build capacity for the GLP-1, as well as the other peptides in the pipeline that we 
discussed before. There are many, many peptides, not just GLP-1. And we are gearing up for the 
launches of some of these products in FY25, '26, '27, etcetera. 
 
Some of the GLP-1, in terms of API can be very, very big. And I believe, that we are one of the 
most reliable suppliers today, not just to ourselves, but also to the entire industry, of the API, 
and it is actually very big opportunity for us, in that respect. So let's say, between the injectables, 
the biosimilars and the peptides is the lion's share of the physical infrastructure. And all of it is 
in India. 

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 5, 2024 
 
 
15 
 
Tarang Agarwal: 
Sure. And last question on the Nestlé JV. How long should the current capital contribution 
between you and the partner hold the JV in good stead? I mean how far along will we see till 
further capital contribution of the JV? 
Erez Israeli: 
So, I believe that it will take us a couple of years to build a meaningful size and a meaningful 
brand recognition, primarily because the brands are new. It's not a brand that we have taken from 
India. It's a brand that we need to build. The idea is to build the #1 nutraceutical company. Both 
companies see this for the long term. But unlikely that we'll see a major contribution to profit in 
the next coming years. It will be primarily investment and whatever we gain, it will be unlikely 
that we'll reinvest. So it's primarily more of a longer-term type of activity. But, like I mentioned 
before, I believe - very sticky and very meaningful. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Kunal Randeria from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Randeria: 
On denosumab, the first biosimilar launch in the US should be in year '24. Given that you are 
yet to file for it, just wondering how many players do you expect will be ahead of you when you 
eventually launch? 
Erez Israeli: 
You are talking about denosumab? 
Kunal Randeria: 
Yes. 
Erez Israeli: 
Denosumab, it depends, of course, on the success of the others, but it should be somewhere 
between number 3 to number 5, I believe. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Right. And would this be like a late FY26 launch? 
Erez Israeli: 
It should be FY26. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Anubhav Agrawal from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
Just one question on SG&A. So this year, we'll be about 27.5% to 28%. Can you qualitatively 
give a sense that once in a more normalized stage - once the generic Revlimid is more 
normalized, let's say, FY27, once you have ramped up the biosimilar portfolio and also 
infrastructure for that, what would this number look like in a rough range? And, so when I look 
at pre-COVID, you guys were doing 29%, 30%. Would you go back to that? Or would you retain 
27%, 28%. Can you give a rough sense in a more normalized stage? 
MV Narasimham: 
I believe it will be in the same range for next year at this point of time, but it will not increase 
significantly. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
Yes. But next year, you still have the support of generic Revlimid. So I'm just trying to 
understand, one, let's say, one-off revenues are not there. On a more sustainable base business, 
what would this -- would you go back to pre-COVID number 29%, 30%? Or would you still be 
at 28%? 

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 5, 2024 
 
 
16 
 
MV Narasimham: 
I think as Erez had explained earlier, our new products also kicking in and thereby, a top line 
growth will also come. So hence, we believe it will continue to be around that range. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
Sure. And you're saying that this is beyond next year as well - same range of 28% continues per 
year? 
MV Narasimham: 
Around that range. We cannot give exact guidance - it would be largely in that range. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Vishal Manchanda from Systematix. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Good evening and thanks for the opportunity. On rituximab biosimilar launch in Europe, would 
you be selling on your own? Or you would have a partner there? And how long would you take 
to ramp that up to its full potential? 
Erez Israeli: 
We will sell on our own. We have a list of, primarily, tenders that we know we can participate 
in and hopefully, we'll be successful in them. But let's say, on the B2B side of the biosimilar, it 
should be relatively fast, in accordance to the dates in which the tenders will be open. In Europe, 
you have also the physician countries. In this, obviously, we will have to do some legwork and 
it will take some time. But yes, there is no reason why we should not see this relatively fast. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
And would this be a $100 million plus opportunity for you? 
Erez Israeli: 
I cannot guide there that much. I don't think it will come to this range, but I cannot quote numbers 
for this one. 
Moderator: 
The next follow-up question comes from Kunal Dhamesha from Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Yes. So just for abatacept time line that we have given, it is for the biosimilar launch and not the 
new indication that our partner is trying. Is the understanding correct? 
Erez Israeli: 
Sorry, I'm not sure I got the question. On the biosimilar, sorry? 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
So Abatacept, I think, we are developing the biosimilar, and we have out-licensed this biosimilar 
to Coya for the indication of ALS, right? So the launch time line that we are talking about is for 
the biosimilar version that we are developing, right? 
Erez Israeli: 
Correct. This is not for the Coya product. The Coya product will come whenever they will finish 
the clinical trial. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
And what stage of development are we on the biosimilar side, in terms of the clinical trial or 
filing? 
Erez Israeli: 
We are in Phase III, and we are supposed to gear up to submit and to launch it in the end of 
calendar '26, beginning of '27. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Okay. So as of now, let's say, patient enrolment and all will be over? Do we have those details? 

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 5, 2024 
 
 
17 
 
Erez Israeli: 
I don't know if it's over or soon to be over, but it’s in a very advanced stage. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Surya Patra from Phillip Capital. Please go ahead. 
Surya Patra: 
Just one clarification, sir. When we talk about the GLP-1 API capability. So here, we do say that 
it is complete end-to-end integrated at our end itself. 
Erez Israeli: 
So we have the API. We are making also the finished product. So in that respect, it's completely 
back integrated and we are buying the device, if I got the question right. 
Surya Patra: 
Yes, within API, the complete manufacturing capability that we have. And hence, it is a full end-
to-end integrated operation for us? 
Erez Israeli: 
Yes, it is. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Richa 
Periwal for closing comments. 
Richa Periwal: 
Thank you all for joining us for today's evening call. In case of any further queries, please get in 
touch with Aishwarya or myself. Thank you once again on behalf of Dr. Reddy's. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
