MONTE CARLO &~ 
SoT SaaarowTssaaiz 
It's the way you make me feel 
TAN - JLDM04272¢ 
CIN - L51494PB2008PLC032050 
"MONTE CARLO FASHIONS LIMITED 
Regd. Office : B-XXIX-1 06, G.T. Road, Sherpur, Ludhiana - 141 003 (Pb.) India. 
Tel.: 91-161 5048610, 5048620, 5048630, 5048640 Fax : 91-161-5048650 
MCFL/SE/2024-25 
November 21,2024 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited. 
o 
\ 
Exchange Plaza, 5" Floor, Plot No. c/1, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051. 
Mumbai-400001. 
Symbol: MONTECARLO 
[ serip code: 538336 
Sub: TRANSCRIPT OF EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL — Q2 and H1 FY25 
Dear 
Sir / Madam, 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule 11l of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith transcript of the earnings 
conference call of the Company held on November 18, 2024 to discuss Q2 and H1 FY25 results. 
We request you to kindly take this in your record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully 
For MONTE CARLO FASHIONS LIMITED 
Digitally signed by ANKUR 
ANKUR GAUBAGL 
5z 1121 11500 
+0530° 
ANKUR GAUBA 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
ICSI Membership No: FCS 10577 
Visit us at :- www.montecarlocorporate.com E-mail 
: info@montecarlo.in

MONTE CARLO £ 
It's the way you make me feel 
“Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
Q2 FY’25 Results Conference Call” 
November 18, 2024 
MONTE CARLO& 
2,4, 
’ 
Your success Is our suciess. 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. DINESH GOGNA — DIRECTOR — MONTE CARLO 
FASHIONS LIMITED 
MR. SANDEEP JAIN — EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR — MONTE 
CARLO FASHIONS LIMITED 
MR. RISHABH OSWAL — EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR — 
MONTE CARLO FASHIONS LIMITED 
MR. R.K. SHARMA — CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER — 
MONTE CARLO FASHIONS LIMITED 
MR. ANKUR GAUBA — COMPANY SECRETARY — MONTE 
CARLO FASHIONS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MAHEK SHAH — EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES 
Page 1 0f 12

MONTE CARLO 2. 
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
It's the way you make me feel 
Moderator: 
Mahek Shah: 
Management: 
November 18, 2024 
Ladics and genflemen, good day, and welcome to Monte Carlo Fashions Limited Q2 FY 25 
Results Conference Call hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services. We have with us today 
M. Rishabh Oswal, Exccutive Director; Mr. Sandeep Jain, Exccutive Director; Mr. RK. 
Sharma, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Dinesh Gogna. Director; and Mr. Ankur Gauba, Company 
Sccretary. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on 
your touch-tone phene. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mahck Shah from Emkay Global Financial Services. 
Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Shah. 
Good morning, everyone. I would like to welcome the management and thank them for this 
opportunity. I shall now hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks. Over 
to you, gentlemen. 
A very good morning to everyone and thank you all for joining us for today's camings call to 
discuss the performance for second quarter and first half of financial '25. Let me start by sharing 
the consolidated financials and operational highlights. 
For the second quarter under review, the company has reported revemes of INR220 crores, 
representing a growth of 3% year-on-year. We had an EBITDA profit for the quarter of INR28 
crores, which has declined 17% year-on-year. Net profit stood at INRS crores for this quarter, a 
decline of 40% year-on-year. 
Talking about the first half of financial year '25, the revenue from operations stood at INR346 
crores, which has marginally declined by 2% year-on-year. EBITDA was around INR26 crores, 
witnessing a decline of 13% year-on-year, with EBITDA margin reported at 7.52%. Net loss 
stood at INRS crores compared 
to a net profit of INR2 erores for previous year. 
Now moving on to the operational performance. Monte Carlo Fashions contimues with its 
endeavour to build a leading branded apparel company, with continued cffort to increase its 
distribution network. The company has added 8 new EBOs in quarter 2 financial '25. With this, 
the total number of EBOs have reached 430 across 23 states and 4 union territories. Currently, 
‘we have 1,611 MBOs and 1,212-plus national chain stores plus SIS. 
For Brand Cloak & Decker, the company has opencd 3 EBOs and we'll continue to open more 
in size of 500 to 2,000 square fect. For the coming years, we committed to open 45 to 50 EBOs 
across India, including West and South. Our online sales to our own website stood at INR3 
crores for the first half of this financial year. Our online sales have picked up, particularly from 
our own website. We have tied with our quick commerce partners like Blinkit, Swiggy and Zepto 
for up to 30-mimte deliveries and have also collaborated with Salesforce to streamline and 
enhance operational efficiency and driving customer loyalty and expericnce. 
‘With this now, we open the floor for question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Page 2 of 12

MONTE CARLO 2. 
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
It's the way you make me feel 
Moderator: 
Saurabh Sartaj: 
Management: 
Management: 
Saurabh Sartaj: 
Management: 
Saurabh Sartaj: 
Management: 
Moderator: 
Vi 
j Parekh: 
Management: 
November 18, 2024 
Thank you. First question comes from the line of Sawrabh Sartaj with ICICI Life. Please go 
ahead. 
Iwould want to know the reason for increase in imventory levels as of September 24 end vis-a- 
vis September 23, The overall sales in the quarter are almost at the same levels. 
Sce, the inventory basically s built up because of the late dispatches, which is happening as 
winter is a little late this year. So it is showing more inventory on September 30. But once we 
come in next quarter, so imventory will be lesser than the largest levels, because of late winter 
starts, the dispatches have been a lttle late as compared 
to last year. 
ir, my follow-up question is like would increasing inventory also see an increase in the mumber 
of COCO stores, because last year at September '23 end, they were 97 and now they stand at 
128. So what will be the average inventory for cach COCO store that we are changing ourselves? 
If I have clearly understood your question, yes, the one reason s that they have been increasing 
€OCO stores, which also increases the inventory. But at the same time, the major factor is the 
dispatches have been a little late as compared to last year, and that is why the inventory is more 
looking in the books on September 30 as compared to last year's levels. 
Okay. And sir, one last, what is the cash balance unencumbered as of 30th September 20242 
Ithink it's INR290 crores. 
INR290 crores? 
INR290 crores. 
The next question comes from the lin of Viraj Parckh with Camelian Asset Management. 
A few questions from my end. First being, can we have some kind of sense on the winter outlook 
this scason? Do you see it being late also this year as it was last year? And what is the kind of 
demand sentiment you'te getting from your channel partners? 
Yes. Winter is a litle late as compared to last year. And so that is why our dispatches have been 
a little delayed. But as far as overall picture is concemed, we see that the sales have now started 
picking up from last 1 week. And we don't sce any reason that we should not be matching our 
guidance which we have given in the last-to-last conference call. We stick to our guidance of 
flat revenue growth to single-digit revenue growth in this financial year. 
And we see that going forward as we are in November right now, so October has been very 
g00d. I we compare across to all the channels, October has been very good. And November, 
there is now slightly pick up in the salcs from last 1 week, and we arc very optimistic going 
forward in this quarter also. 
Sir, I mean, when we havea primary dispatch, that is when we book the revenue for the quarter, 
1ight? So there would be no scope of winter revenue shifting from Q3 to Q4 because of a delayed 
winter. All our revenue booking will be on dispatehes, right? Correct me if I'm wrong. 
Page 3 of 12

MONTE CARLO 2. 
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
It's the way you make me feel 
Management: 
Viraj Parekh: 
Management: 
Viraj Parekh: 
Management: 
Viraj Parekh: 
Management: 
Viraj Parekh: 
Management: 
November 18, 2024 
Yes, you're right. 
Sir, if any kind of - like, I won'tstick you to a number, but some kind of year-on-year quarterly 
cutlook can give for the sales as compared to December 123 in terms of volume or in terms of 
value because I think our trade show has been good. So, I think you arc in a place to help us 
understand how the Q3 will pan out. 
Ithink broadly, we have already given the guidance that we would be -- see, we normally give 
annval guidance. We don't give quarterly guidance. So broadly, we have given the guidance that 
we'll be sticking to the carlicr guidelines of having the flat revenues in this financial year as 
compared to last financial year. 
And we've also reiterated that the margin would be better in this financial year in this quarter as 
well as in the next quarter as compared 
to last financial year because the inventory issue which 
affected 
us last year majorly 
in margins has already been sorted out. So that is a good thing right 
now. I think we can say that we will be definitcly having a flat reverue, but with improved 
‘margins. 
Sir, since you touched upon margins, I know that we look on an annual basis and a cumulative 
basis. But just for this quarter, I see our other expenses have increased a bit more, which is lets 
say some pressure on our margins along with our ad spend. So if you can please tell me because 
other expenses on an overall basis, including ad spend, improved by 25% year-on-year. So, if 
you could just give me some gramular kind of breakup of the increase in the other cxpenses. 
The ad spend have increased because we have launched a new commercial. So that expense was 
incurred in this quarter. But going forward, I think the guidance which remains around 3% of 
our ad sales is the ad revenue. So that will balance out in the coming quarter and also in the Q4 
quarter. So overall other expenses, 
I don't see any increase as far as other expenses arc concerned. 
Yes, there has been increase in the personnel expenses, which is salary, which is a regular 
increment, which happens every year. 
So definitely, there's increase in that. But I think that will be mullified by the improved margins 
in the product and lesser inventory we have right now. So overall picture, I can say that the 
revenue should be flat n this financial year and margin would 
be better as other expenses would 
be in control going forward in this quarter and next quarter. 
Is it possible to give some kind of a range for our margins for the anmual -- on an annual basis? 
Sce, it will be difficult for us to give you a range as of now because we arc in the mid of 
November, but Lthink can give you a better picture once we end this quarter, maybe in the next 
conference call 
Understood. Can I ask 2 more questions, or shall I get back in queuc? 
Yes, sure. 
Page 4 of 12

MONTE CARLO 2. 
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
It's the way you make me feel 
Viraj Parekh: 
Management: 
Viraj Parekh: 
Management: 
Viraj Parekh: 
Management: 
Management: 
November 18, 2024 
Sir, last year, we had an issuc in relation to a discounting and returns, right? I mean one thing 
we point out, because of the demand was weak. Secondly, few channel partners were more on 
SOR basis. So in terms of correcting our strategy, I was looking at our presentation, the mix of 
the channcl - revenue mix of our chanmel partners and then more or less same, especially 
increase on the EBO side, where 
it was 7% last H1 and now it's 8%. 
However, I think we had a pain a little bit on our LFS partners, which I think we included NCS, 
the national chain stores. That has remained as it is year-on-year, HI last year and H1 this year. 
So can you help me understand how are we improving our channel mix and a little bit more on 
the discounting and refurn policy for this financial year? 
Ithink the channel mix would more or less remain the same and maybe a little more in case of 
MBOs and EBOs, a litle lesser in LFS, but there will be increase in the online salcs in this year 
as compared 
to last year. So that is a growth channel mix, What was the second question, which 
you asked? 
Sir, last year, we had a litle bit carly discounts. 
Yes. So last year, the issuc was because of the more inventory, which we were carrying from the 
lnst year's levels. So our retailers were having more inventory. So that I think corrective action 
already 
been taken by the company. As we told you in the last conference call also, that inventory 
has already been taken care. And the production of this year has been lesser as compared 
to last 
year's level. And also, at this point of time, the stocks at retail level, whether it is EBO or SIS or 
MBOs, itis lesser as compared 
to last year's ever because of lesser production 
we have gone for 
this year. 
So, 
I don't think there could be any inventory issuc going forward, and we have taken all the 
corrective actions. So, we only look forward at a very good year, particularly next financial year 
because all these issucs have been sorted out in this financial year as well. 
Sir, will you have a number of our inventory levels right now in winter 124 versus winter 222 
Sce, if you see this inventory of this quarter, basically, first half, it looks more because dispatches 
have been delayed. But one thing which I can guarantee you with surety is that once we end this 
quarter, 31st December, you would sce that inventory level has drastically come down as 
compared to last year's levels. 
Somry, sir. Let me rephrase my question. I didn't mean that. Not the inventory level of the 
company, but the inventory level at our channel partners in winter 22 versus winter '24. 
As of now, though the inventory is more in companics' warchouses because dispatches have 
been delayed 
to October, basically from September. But if you talk about the retail levels, even 
though at retail level inventories, at last year's level, it is lesser than last year's level because of 
less production and less dispatches from the company. But we'll get back to you with the detailed 
answer on your -- for this question. 
Page 5of 12

MONTE CARLO 2. 
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
It's the way you make me feel 
Viraj Parekh: 
Management: 
Moderator: 
Astha Maheshwar 
Rishabh Oswal: 
Astha Maheshwar 
Management: 
Astha Maheshwari: 
Management: 
Moderator: 
Saurabh Sart 
Management: 
November 18, 2024 
And just the last question. You - as the last participant asking about the cash reserves. 
I mean 
we have around INR290 cores cash sitting in our books. Any plan on the - any plan we have on 
utilization of cash for increasing the growth prospects going ahead? Or is it too carly to call for 
that? 
Ithink it's too carly to call for that. The companyis already giving a dividend every year, and a 
part of the cash is being used. So right now, as of now, we don't have any plans for utilization 
of cash in any other way, but definitely, the companyis going ahead with dividend policy. And 
any other policy which comes up, definitely, we'll let all the exchanges know about. 
Next question comes from the line of Astha Maheshwari with Roka Capital. 
I just wanted to know, are you planning to venture out in quick commerce as well? And how 
much of your revenue comes from online as well as offline? 
This is Rishabh this side. So, I'l answer the second part of the question first. So around 7.5% of 
company's revenue comes from online sales as a whole, And looking at quick commerce 
specifically, we've just closed 2 deliverics to Blinkit and Swiggy, respectively. And we are also 
talking terms with Zepto about future collaboration with them. 
So, we arc experimenting with quick commerce and it's a very new vertical for quick commerce 
as such. Very few brands have tried. So we are also trying our handsets. And having the strong 
equity during winter, it was easy for us to get into quick commerce. So let's see, I think by next 
quarter, we should have an update on the performance of this vertical. 
Al right. Sir, I just wanted to know how nmuch do you spend as advertising spend during this 
quarter and the upcoming winter scason as a percentage of sales? And what will be the target for 
this year? I think the demand scenario is being a litile muted this time around. 
Yes. So, as we mentioned before, 50w target our advertisement spend at 3% of our nt sales 
on an amual basis, and we'll stick to that target. 
Sir, coming to the winter sales, particularly, 
can we say this winter season will be kind of muted 
considering the consumer sentiment compared to last year? 
It should be at par with last year, not muted. And we'll - because there's less pressure of 
inventory on us, so this will - that gives us headroom to offer lesser discounts. So, I think the 
top line should remain the same as last year, and we should be working on improving our 
margins this year. 
Next question comes from the line of Saurabh Sartaj with ICICI Life. 
Sir, T just wanted to know what are the actual inventory levels as of October end? 
‘We don't have an inventory level of October end as of now. But I think definitely, you can letus 
~ you can send an c-mail fo us, 5o we can share our inventory level of basically 31st December 
because right now, the season is going off. So most prudent thing should be that if you look at 
Page 6 of 12

MONTE CARLO 2. 
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
It's the way you make me feel 
Saurabh Sartaj: 
Management: 
Management: 
Saurabh Sartaj: 
Management: 
Moderator: 
Keshav G: 
Management: 
November 18, 2024 
the inventory level of 31st December this year and last year's levels. So that we can update you 
by, I think, in the first or second week of January. 
Okay. And sir, next question is like volume-wise, last financial year was subducd. So this 
financial year volume-wise, could the volumes would be at the same level as last year? Or are 
you sccing any marginal aspects or any down trends at that volume level? 
More or less, I think the volumes will remain same. So we don't see any major increase in volume 
also and also major decrease in volumes. So volumes will almost remain the same at last year's 
levels. And the revenues will also be same as compared to last year's levels. 
Okay. And sir, one last question s sales return for the last Q2 financial 25 was roughly INR52 
crores, which is at similar level as Q2 FY 24, which was INRSS crores. So is it still high? Is 
there any rationalization that you're expecting going forward? And what s the appropriate level 
that you want to achieve in sales retur parameters? 
No, I think it is lesser than last year if you see at the full first half. And we anticipate that going 
forward in this quarter and last quarter also, it will be lesser than last year's level. So there is no 
benchmatking of basically how much sales returns we could have in this scason. But our 
intention s that we should be at lcast 10% less as compared 
to last year's levels in sales returns. 
Okay. Yes, you have already answered it. It will be beneficial if October inventory levels could 
be shared in some point in this conversation. 
Yes, sure. We'll do that. 
Next question comes from the line of Keshav Garg from Counter Cyclical PMS. 
Sir, last call, you mentioned about margin improvement in this financial year by approximately 
1000 200 basis points. Butsir, if we see for the first half, our margins, our EBITDA 
has actually 
gone down from INR21 crores last year H1 to INR12 crores in this year H1. Sir, 
I mean, are you 
confident that for the full year will be - I mean in H2, the growth has to be significantly more 
year-on-year to compensate for the lower margins in the first half? 
Sce, if you closcly look at the figures of first half, the major impact was basically advertising. 
So advertising will even out in third quarter and fourth quarter. So that effect will be millified. 
And also, we had a high-valuc dispatch, which normally happens in this quarter as compared to 
second quarter. So that would again improve our margins. So we are very confident that 
whatever we have stated carlier in our con call that there can be 100 basis points of margin 
improvement. So as of now, we don't see any challenge in doing that because October has been 
very good, and November has just picked up because of now the winters have started in Northern 
region. 
So going forward, the one thing which is - improvement in inventory. So last year, while margin 
went downwards because we were sitting on a large inventory. For that, we needed 
to push the 
inventory to higher discounts and higher discount sales. And also, there were higher returns. So 
those things have been taken care of. So that is giving us the confidence that this year, we will 
Page 7 of 12

MONTE CARLO 2. 
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
It's the way you make me feel 
Keshav Gar 
Management: 
Keshav Garg: 
Management: 
Keshav Garg: 
November 18, 2024 
have no inventory issue and also the discounting should 
be lesser than as compared tolast year's 
level. So that will help us in improving the margins going forward. 
Right, sir. And sir, if you compare with our peers, like, for example, if we see Cantabil Retail, 
sir, they have basically maintained their margins. And sir, like if we compare our performance, 
do T understand our winter wear contributes more? But they're - our EBITDA has fallen from 
INR220 crores peak in FY 23 to almost INR140 crores in trailing 12 months, wheras sir, they 
are stable at-- they did INR165 crores in FY 23 and they are doing INR172 crores. So they have 
not expected - Imean, experienced any fall neither in the margins and sir, actually, their revenue 
has actually increased. So at least in the non-woollen wear we should be, 
I mean, comparable 
with them? 
Sce, Cantabil operates only in 1 channel, that is EBO channel, and they don't operate in LFS or 
in MBO channel. So we operate in all the channels. So sometimes we got impacted in one 
channel and other channel s performing well. So EBO has been doing well. So there has been 
some impact of inventory at our LFS and MBO last year. So I think those impacts have now 
been taken care of. 
So going forward, as we have already stated that we will be having improved margins as 
compared to last year's financials level. And I can't comment on Cantabil's performance because 
Tcan only comment about our performance that we'll definitely be improving our performance 
as compared 
to last year and this year. 
Right, sir. And sir, our right to use assets and our rental expenses continuously increasing. Sir, 
so how many more company-owned stores we plan to open and why aren't we exploring 
franchisee -- owned, franchisce, operated -- o franchisce, owned, company-operated stores so 
that our fixed expense can reduce? 
Sce, we have stated carlicr also that the blend of company-owned stores and the franchise should 
be around 10% to 15% of the company-owned and the balance should be franchise stores and as 
it reduces our capex also. But at the same time wherever there are opportunities where franchises 
wonlt 
be able to make money out of it as there are some higher rentals in some locations, whether 
it is in malls and high strects, so companics go and prefer to have their own outlets, first of all, 
to increase their awareness in that area where it has high footfalls. 
And secondly, we don't want to lose a chance to be present in that arca, which attracts higher 
footfalls. So that s why a company go and open their own outlets in those areas. We have opencd 
basically more in Delhi and South where the rentals are high. And also South, we're not able to 
find franchisces who can invest in our brand right now. So that is the reason that our company 
has gone for a company-owned outlets in these arcas. 
ir, and lastly, if you could give us some idea about the receivables and margins in the different 
segmants, different sales channcls like, for example, online franchisce-owned, franchisee- 
operated, company-owned, company-operated multi-brand outlet and large format stores. Sir, 
how does our receivables and our margins, they vary in each of these scgments? 
Page 8 of 12

MONTE CARLO 2. 
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
It's the way you make me feel 
Management: 
Keshav Garg: 
Management: 
Keshav G: 
Management: 
Moderator: 
Viraj Parekh: 
Management: 
Viraj Parekh: 
November 18, 2024 
Sce, for us, we can't share it in a public domain. It is something which is discussed internally in 
our management. But we can give you a broad idea of all the channcls, how they operate, and 
we can send an email to you. I you can please give us your cmail address. 
Sure, sir. We can do that. And sir - but sir, in general, if you could tell us where the margins 
and receivables are higher or lower, sir, so that we know that as the sales mix changes, sir, for 
example, as the contribution of online keeps on increasing, should the margins keep on reducing? 
And should the reccivables keep on increasing? Or like what to expect with the change in product 
mix? That's what I was trying to understand. 
I'm glad to hear that the online have higher margins than the rest of the channcls. So there is no 
worry about that. Online salcs are increasing. It is only adding to our margins because we have 
a same policy of same pricing across all the channcls. So as far as total margin layout is 
concerned, so there has been a difference of 100 to 200 basis points actoss all the chamnels. So 
that is not a major difference, I think, on all the channels and the company is basically playing 
inall the channels almost at the same margin of difference of 100 to 200 basis points. 
And sir, what about the receivables? Are the receivables higher in online? 
The receivables are basically more in MBO and SIS segment because we have a 90-day payment 
basis. But in case of online, LFS and EBO are sales-based. So as the sales happens, the 
recsivables comes first. 
Next question comes from the line of Viraj Parckh: with Carnelian Asset Management. 
Sir, just another follow-up, which you already addressed twice before on the advertiscment 
expenses. I was just looking at the quarterly trend. We already spent around INR19 crores of ad 
expenses in the first half, Now as I see the last 2 years, the H2 has had a higher share of ad 
expenses compared 
to H1. So how are we supposd 
to look at it? Will we be like capping our ad 
expenses of INR3S crores? Or is there a high possibility for that to reach to go above INR45 
s, INR50 crores? 
e 
Thank you, Viraj. So no, there's o plan of increasing up ad spend to the levels of INR4S crores 
to INRS0 crores. There are 2 reasons why you sce higher spend in advertisement in the first. 
First is that we've produced a new campaign for our winter collection as well as our summer 
collection. So all the cost of that production has been added into our first quarter. 
Second, being heavy on winters, the management took a deliberate call to spend extra during the 
summer season 
to promote our summer categories more 
as we 
don't need that much 
advertisement during winter as we need during summers for education of our customers. So that 
is the reason as you see highest trend in the first hal€. But on an annual basis, we maintain our 
guidance of 3% of total revemue. 
And just another question. A few quarters ago, we launched a shoe collection. So just wanted to 
understand how are we doing on that front? And what are the plans going ahead to scale on that? 
Page 9 of 12

MONTE CARLO 2. 
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
It's the way you make me feel 
Management: 
Viraj Parekh: 
Management: 
Viraj Parekh: 
Management: 
Viraj Parekh: 
Management: 
Moderator: 
Gunit Singh: 
Management: 
Gunit Singh: 
Management: 
November 18, 2024 
So Viraj, when 
we launched footwear, we sent -- we did a pilot run. We sent it to around 40 of 
our EBOs. But we soon realized our EBOs were not - the store design was not accustomed for 
selling a pair of shoes. Then we took a call that we will focus online, and I'm very happy to tell 
you, on an average, we're selling 150 to 200 pairs per day online. This is with minimal 
advertisement. And the first round of shoes that we have got, we have sold that out. We've 
ordered a second round of around 20,000 pairs, which should be coming in the next 2 o 3 
months. 
Can we quantify the revenue from footwear in H1? 
Yes. So year-to-date, we've done around INR3.4 crores of revenue from footwear. 
And for the quarter? 
Quarter, one seeond. Out of that, INR2.15 crores has come from the last quarter. 
Understood. And we sce this reaching around INR10 crores or INR70 crores by this end of 
financial year? 
No. I don't think it will reach INR10 crores this financial year. We can target INR10 crores for 
the next financial year. This year, we are still not in a position to give you a definite number on 
this. 
Next question comes from the line of Gurit Singh from Counter Cyclical PMS. 
So sir, our revenues in H1 have been flat or slightly lower year-on-year and you're guiding for a 
flat revenue in FY '25. Sosir, I would like to understand numiber of EBOs have gone up by about 
15% year-on-year. So I mean what is the reason that you're still guiding flat revenucs, 
I mean, 
despite EBOs going up? And also, sir, 
I observed that our number of MBOs have -- the volume 
bas fallen from 1,774 to 1,611 year-on-year. So what is the reason for fall in MBO and 
distributors? 
So that is why we arc saying that we'll be having a flat revenue growth because there has been a 
declining trend in the like-for-like sales in the first 6 months. So we sec that there could be a 
decline of around 3% to 4% as far as like-to-like growth is concerned. That is why with the 
addition of EBOs, we will like to compensate in the growth, which has been declining in EBOs. 
And also, there has been some decline in the SIS and MBO also, in LFS also. So that would - 
addition of EBOs and addition of online sales would compensate that. So that is why we are 
guiding for a flat revenue growth in this financial year. 
Why has the number of MBOs and distributors declined about 10% year-on-year? What is the 
reason? 
Yes. So what happens in MBOs, MBOs are basically small mom-and-pop stores. And as you 
sec more and more of these MBOs are getting converted into bigger formats, which are known 
as shop-in-shop. We have around 250 of the shop-in-shops in our company right now. All of 
Page 10 of 12

MONTE CARLO 2. 
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
It's the way you make me feel 
Gunit Singh: 
Management: 
Gunit Singh: 
Management: 
November 18, 2024 
them have been converted from MBO to shop-in-shops and the penctration of these small MBOs 
are decreasing day-by-day. 
Also, there are around 50 to 60 MBOs that the company closes because of bad payment issues 
or the business being too small. We arc trying to focus more on bigger shop-in-shop and large 
format rather than small mom-and-pop store, which do an average anmual revenue of 10-plus 
Iakh rupees 
a year. So we are focusing more on bigger customers rather than on smaller 
customers. And going forward, we foresce the number of MBOs getting reduced more, but the 
average billing per MBO will increase. So that is how we look at i. 
Allright. And what would 
be the drivers of growth going forward? Imean which channels would 
we be focusing on? And I mean what kind of guidance do we have in terms of adding more 
EBOs in FY 
'25 and guidance for FY 267 
Ithink clearly, the focus is on all the channels because all the channels have been performing 
well, as rightly said by Rishabh. So focus would be on the SIS where we are having higher sales 
as compared 
to smaller MBOs and focus would remain on the EBO channel also. We are already 
given a guidance of around 40 to 50 EBO stores in this financial year. And there have been 
increase in online sales because of the addition of quick commerce also, which is rightly I think 
told by Rishabh in the carlier question which was asked. 
So the focus will remain on all the channcls, which have been growing. And we sce that going 
forward in the next financial year, we're even more confident as far as Monte Carlo is concerned. 
And we anticipate going forward that we could have a double-digit growth next financial year, 
because whatever problems have been there last year's imventory levels, this year's inventory 
levels and other things, they have been taken care of. So we have enough growth drivers for the 
next year to go for double-digit growth. 
ir, 
I mean, 
I would like to understand in case the demand for next year remains the same, and 
Imean in terms of revenue. So 
I mean with the kind of cfforts that we arc putting in, in terms of 
increasing our EBOs or other channels, I mean what kind of growth should we expect I mean 
just considering that the demand remains the same in terms of the cffort that we're putting in, 1 
mean the internal projections that we have? 
Sce, we sce the market will grow going forward next year because right now, we have been 
impacted by the inflation, which is impacting all the consumers around India. So I think that 
once we have some interest cut rates from the RBI and also inflation comes down, demand will 
definitely improve. Everyone s looking at India very seriously. So we don't sce any reason why 
the demand will not grow next year. 
And then the demand growth definitely will be outperforming and will be growing double digits 
as we have — I think most of the things which we were discussing last year have been sorted out, 
like inventory issucs, like higher returns, like discounting and all. So we have learned a lesson 
from all these things, which has happened last year. And we have -- there have been no shortage 
of efforts from our side. So I am very confident that the results will also follow in the due course 
of time. 
Page 11 of 12

MONTE CARLO 2. 
Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
It's the way you make me feel 
Gunit Singh: 
Management: 
Gunit Singh: 
Management: 
Moderator: 
Management: 
Moderator: 
November 18, 2024 
Got i, sir. Just for modelling purposes, 
I mean [ want to understand just if you consider that. I 
mean same-store growth remains flat and everything remans flat, and demand remains the same. 
So I mean with the kind of cffort that we arc putting in, in terms of growing EBOs, MBOs, 
online channel, I mean with everything else flat, what kind of growth should we expect just by 
the cffort that we're putting internally, I mean, for modelling purposes? 
Even though with a lot of pessimistic view, if we have that, everything remains same, still we'll 
be able to grow around 10% next year. 
Al right. And along with that, you are expecting better demand and better inventory situation. 
So I mean with better margins and better demand, we should do better than that only as per 
expectation? 
Of course, yes. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of question-and-answer session. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing commerts. 
Thank you all for participating in this carnings con call. T hope we have been able to answer your 
questions satisfactorily. Still if you have any further questions or would like to know more about 
the company, please reach out to us at our IR manager at Valorem Adrisors or cmail us at 
investor@montecatlocorporate.com. Thanks a lot. 
Thank you. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 12 of 12
