 
 
E-filing 
 
REF: TTL: SE: 11/07 
 
 
 
 
             Date:  November 19, 2024  
BSE Limited 
P.J. Tower, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Thru: BSE Listing Centre 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited      
Exchange Plaza,   
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai 
- 400 051 
Thru: NEAPS 
STOCK CODE:  533655 
STOCK CODE:  TRITURBINE 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Investors/Analysts Conference call held on November 12, 2024  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the 
earnings conference call held on November 12, 2024 for investors/analysts in respect of 
the standalone and consolidated unaudited financial results of the Company for the 
second quarter and half year ended on September 30, 2024.  
 
The transcript is also available on the Company’s website at www.triveniturbines.com.    
 
You are requested to take this information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours’ faithfully 
For Triveni Turbine Limited  
 
 
 
Pulkit Bhasin 
Company Secretary 
M. No. A27686 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
PULKIT 
BHASIN
Digitally signed 
by PULKIT 
BHASIN 
Date: 2024.11.19 
18:44:15 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
Triveni Turbine Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Triveni Turbine Limited 
Q2 FY 25 Earnings Conference Call. 
 
We have with us today on the call Mr. Nikhil Sawhney, Vice Chairman and 
Managing Director; Mr. S.N. Prasad, Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Sachin 
Parab, Chief Operating Officer; Mr. Lalit Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer; Ms. 
Surabhi Chandna, Investor Relations and Value Creation. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rishab Barar from CDR India. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Rishab Barar: 
Good day, everyone. We will now start this call with opening remarks from the 
management, following which we will have an interactive question-and-answer 
session. I now request Mr. Nikhil Sawhney to share some perspectives with 
you with regard to the operations and outlook for the business. Over to you, 
Mr. Sawhney. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Thank you, Rishab. Apologies, ladies and gentlemen, on starting this call a 
little bit late. But it's with good news that we have this call for another record 
quarter for Triveni Turbines. This is the 18th straight quarter of record results, 
and I'm very happy to take you through our results.  
 
This is again the highest quarterly revenue and EBITDA, along with a record 
closing order booking, providing very good visibility for the near term in this Q2 
and H1 FY 25. 
 
We have had the highest quarterly revenue in Q2 FY 25 at ₹5.01 billion, which 
is an increase of 29% year-over-year. Domestic sales increased by 32% to 
₹2.79 billion, while export sales increased by 26% to ₹2.22 billion. This is also 
the highest ever quarterly EBITDA with ₹1.31 billion, up 47% year-over-year, 
with a margin of 26.1%, which increased 320 basis points year-over-year. 
 
PAT for the quarter was at ₹910 million, an increase of 42% year-over-year, 
and we also had a very healthy order booking of ₹5.72 billion during the 
second quarter, which is a growth of over 25% year-over-year. It was a record 
outstanding carry forward orderbook as of the 30th of September of ₹17.96 
billion, an increase of 22% year-over-year. 

 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
The P&L highlights for the half year, the revenue from operations grew 26% to 
₹9.64 billion, which is a record for the Company. As far as the sales mix 
between domestic and export goes, we had a domestic sales increase by 
29%, while export turnover increased by 22%. In the half year, the mix of 
domestic versus export sales was 55% to 45% as compared to 53% to 47% in 
the previous corresponding period. 
 
EBITDA increased by 42% to ₹2.46 billion in the half year as opposed to ₹1.76 
billion in H1 FY 24. Margins for the half year versus previous year increased by 
280 basis points to 25.5% in H1 as opposed to 22.7% in the last corresponding 
period. 
 
I'd be happy to take questions, because I'm sure a lot of you will ask you about 
the sustainability of these margins. As you all know, the Company operates in 
a customised engineered-to-order segment and has different margin profiles 
for export orders as well as domestic orders. And between our aftermarket and 
product, we also have a different margin structure, where it's more weighted 
towards the aftermarket. 
 
As you can tell from the sales mix, which is still currently more domestic 
focused, but I think order booking is more export focused. We don't seem to 
really have issues with our margins at this point in time. And so, we're happy 
with these margins, and we think that they may be somewhat sustainable in 
the short term. Though in the medium term, we imagine that we would like to 
expand sales and having sales as a focus for the business and sales growth 
for the business is really the greater priority. 
 
As I said, order booking for Q2 FY 25 ended at ₹5.72 billion as against ₹4.59 
billion during the second quarter of FY 24. This is a growth of 25% and export 
order booking grew by 50% year-over-year at ₹3.04 billion. The domestic order 
booking grew by 4%. 
 
Order booking for the half year was at ₹12.08 billion, which was an increase of 
32% over the half year FY 24. Domestic order booking for the first half grew 
3%, while export order booking grew by 63%. This augurs well for the 
execution of these orders, which will happen in the subsequent quarters as 
well as in the next financial year as well. 
 
Coming to the segments. Order booking for product grew 30% year-over-year 
to ₹3.98 billion, and for the half year grew at 44% to ₹8.85 billion. The product 
segment turnover recorded a 26% year-over-year growth in Q1 and 25% 
growth in the half year compared to the previous year. The aftermarket 
segment grew 13% in terms of order booking to a record high of ₹1.74 billion in 
the current quarter and grew by 8% in H1 FY 25 compared to the previous 
period of the previous financial year. 
 
This again augurs very well for the short-term execution of these projects and 
the aftermarket contributes a very healthy 33% to the total turnover of H1 FY 
25 with the high contribution of aftermarket to turnover as well as a robust and 

 
Page 3 of 19 
 
healthy growth in our order booking for the export segment. The Company 
seems to be making good headway in its newer market geographies in higher 
MW (megawatt) categories and the API segments as well as in both renewable 
as well as Industrial Power Generation (IPG) segments. 
 
To take you through the total outstanding order book position, which stands at 
₹17.96 billion as of the 30th of September 2024, which is higher by 22% 
compared to the previous year. This augurs very well. The domestic 
outstanding order book was lower by 16% at ₹7.09 billion, while export order 
book stands at ₹10.87 billion, which is a growth of 71% year-over-year and 
contributing to a robust 61% of the closing order book. 
 
The Company continues to focus on R&D and technology. Our investments 
there continue to bear fruit. Our developments happening from the carbon 
dioxide (CO2) fronts have already been commercialised, and we have good 
success in certain applications. I'd be happy to go through some of those if 
there are questions along those lines, but it provides us visibility and 
commercialisation of new technologies and newer product introductions, which 
Triveni Turbines will be bringing out in the subsequent quarters and provides a 
good medium-term and long-term runway for diversification of our product mix 
over and above the diversification that we already had in terms of going into 
higher MW categories, going to API and newer market segments as well as 
focusing more on refurbishment as a specific growth driver to our Aftermarket 
business. 
 
All of this is only possible with a great focus on people. We are expanding our 
resource base in terms of people and investing significantly in training and 
development. We not only take a good intake of Graduate Trainees (GTs), 
Graduate Engineers and Diploma Engineers to be able to augment our staff 
and provide adequate succession planning for intermediate levels of 
professionals, but we do this at higher levels as well. If you find people who 
are good, please do encourage them to apply to the Company for jobs and the 
job positions are available on our website. 
 
As far as the outlook goes, we expect to maintain a robust business 
performance in the medium term. As I said, this is our 18th record quarter in a 
row and we aim to maintain that momentum going forward as well. The 
expectation is supported by a substantial order booking in both the 
renewables, API as well as Industrial Power Generation segment. The 
Aftermarket business is also showing good promise in terms of growth and is 
bolstered by the standard range of offerings, including spare parts, services 
and refurbishment. These services are also being augmented with our digital 
offerings, and we aim to enable all of our services with a certain degree of 
digital offering as we go forward, so as to be able to provide a greater value to 
our customers. 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, Triveni Turbines operates in the space of industrial 
heat and power. If we look at the incremental amount of energy consumption 
that is going to happen in the consumption of heat, we are very aptly poised to 
be able to leverage the positions that are transforming the market, both from a 

 
Page 4 of 19 
 
perspective of energy transition, as well as the growth that will happen in terms 
of the replacement of the current capital stock that is currently in place mostly 
in developed countries. 
 
With that, I'd be happy to open the floor for question-and-answers. And I hope 
to be able to answer them. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Harshit Patel from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Harshit Patel: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity. My first question is, how are our 
domestic and overseas enquiry books? How much they have grown on y-o-y 
basis at the end of second quarter? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
When if you look at it for the half year performance, our enquiry book for 
overall level is somewhat flat. If you have to remember that the domestic order 
booking in the previous financial year, Q4 FY 24 as well as Q1 FY 25 has been 
muted due to the election situation. But having said that, we said that the 
enquiry book has grown, and it has again grown in this current quarter for 
domestic. Mr. S.N. Prasad is with me, can you give some visibility as to the 
segments that you are seeing growth in the domestic enquiry book? 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
Yes. So, on our domestic enquiry book, basically Q1 was muted, we saw a 
strong recovery in Q2 in terms of enquiry. So again, the enquiries come from 
process cogeneration where combined heat and power is one of the key 
segments where we are operating quite strongly. The other opportunity is 
Municipal Solid Waste (MSW) based power plant, cement and steel we are 
seeing the traction is increasing compared to the earlier, of course, chemical 
and petrochemical plants. So that way stronger enquiry pipeline from different 
segments getting added into Q2 domestic market. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So just to finish on the domestic market before I touch on international, you 
should remember that H1 order bookings, which was impacted by the enquiry 
books pretty much Q3, Q4 of the previous year. We believe that the growth in 
the enquiry book that has happened in H1 in Q1 and Q2 of this financial year, 
it will translate into better order booking in Q3 and Q4. 
 
But having said that, the point is that we anticipate this growth in the total 
market to be along our expected lines or may be a 15% to 20% growth year-
on-year in the total market domestically. And what is quite encouraging is that 
we believe that this is a sustainable growth. This is not any sudden peak. We 
see consistent demand coming right now from certain segments as Prasad 
had pointed out, be it in the cement space or steel space. Obviously, newer 
market requirements that are happening both from renewable municipal solid 
waste as well as biomass-based applications. And specifically, on the energy 
efficiency side, we see a lot of interest, both domestically and internationally.  
 
Internationally, our enquiry book is an effort of our endeavours and our 
salespeople and partners reaching out to expand it. The enquiry book is still 

 
Page 5 of 19 
 
quite robust. And for the half year represents, I must say, a consistent market 
to what we had in the previous year. And as we currently stand, we believe 
that the enquiry book is sufficient for us to give the growth that we need in our 
order book, which will then translate into turnover in the coming quarters and 
coming years. 
 
The segments for international, which are contributing is the API segment, 
which is oil and gas. As we said, that was a big contributor in the first quarter 
of this financial year, but we believe that this segment will continue to 
contribute in the coming quarters as well. We have good requirements from 
both industrial cogeneration, which is both heat and power applications from a 
variety of different industries, including paper and pulp. And we also have 
requirements coming from renewable-based applications such as municipal 
solid waste incineration as well as other Waste to Energy (WtE) based 
applications. 
 
Harshit Patel: 
Understood. Sir, secondly, I wanted to get some colour on to specific end 
markets in India. First, on distilleries. I believe we expected a pickup towards 
the end of FY 25, do you still see that happening or there is some slack in the 
new investments, which are happening in this particular sector? Secondly, you 
also alluded to a little bit towards answering the previous question. Are there 
any green shoots in the waste-to-energy theme in India? Have we booked any 
such orders so far in FY 25? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Let me ask Prasad to answer. 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
Yeah. Coming to waste-to-energy plants, yes, we supplied turbines to some of 
the waste-to-energy plants in India, recently one plant commissioned in 
Ahmedabad also with our turbine and more than 8-9 plants with our turbines 
are in operation and enquiry pipeline is strong in waste-to-energy.  
 
Coming to distilleries, yes, Q1 is a muted quarter for us. But based on the 
enquiry pipeline, there is a small growth we are seeing from the distillery. And 
we are seeing some sort of traction in finalisation in Q3 as we moved the last 
45 days. So that way, we are hopeful on distillery. Otherwise, we are quite 
bullish on MSW, the way how the enquiry is picking up and there's a focus 
coming on MSW plans. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Anwani from PL Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Congratulations for the great set of numbers. And thanks for the opportunity. 
My first question is on U.S., and you have been talking about setting up 
workshop and investing in employees in U.S. I wanted to understand, was 
there any contribution and post the change in government in the U.S., are you 
seeing anything impacting our view with respect to expansion in U.S. for the 
after-service business? And I wanted to understand how much contribution 
from U.S. aftermarket business can come in the next couple of years, yes? 
 

 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Okay. As it currently stands, the plant is set up is somewhat small additional 
machinery that we need to get anyway, but the majority of it has already been 
capitalised. But it is not contributing at all in terms of revenue. In fact, as we 
have said in the previous conference calls, we would anticipate a full-year loss 
from that entity in excess of ₹25-odd crore. But that has been factored into 
consideration, and a proportionate amount is already included in our H1 
results. 
 
So, the results that you see post the expenditure that we have had in the U.S. 
Of course, the investments that we're making in people, in capital and 
machinery in the U.S. is because we do see a very large market there. In fact, 
as I pointed out in our last conference calls, the estimation that we have for the 
market has only improved and the visibility is only improved since we have 
established our presence. 
 
Our efforts there to be on two fronts. Not only will it be to sell new products and 
to service our existing base in the region, but it will also be to capture the 
markets for refurbishment, which includes refurbishment opportunities for 
steam turbines as well as other rotating equipments. And we are very 
encouraged by this because, as you would imagine, the U.S. market presents 
the largest capital base any in the world. And so regardless of which 
government and administration is in, you have requirements that stem from 
very short-term returns. 
 
Triveni has always played in an unsubsidised market. So, subsidies only 
sweeten the value proposition for our customers. But ultimately, for us, we are 
agnostic to it. We think that this is very consistent with both global demand as 
well as trends. And what I mean by that is regardless of the way that you view 
the subsequent administration of the United States, the push for energy 
efficiency is going to be not only be mandated by global protocol, but it will be 
mandated by economics with energy inflation and the cost of energy, the 
expenditure on efficiency is really the need of the day, and it's something that 
we see everyone spending on. 
 
And so, we see the U.S. market contributing in the subsequent years, as you 
rightly point out. As it currently stands, it is not contributing at all, and we do 
not expect it to contribute in this financial year in any significant manner. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Yeah. So, my next question is on the strong growth, which we are witnessing 
in export. Just wanted to understand if you would like to highlight any key 
geographies or markets where this growth is happening apart from U.S? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
The growth is not in the U.S. It is in other markets. The market, as we see it, 
the Middle East is a strong market for us for oil and gas applications. We see 
very good demand coming actually from parts of the other Americas as well as 
parts of Europe for both process cogeneration and mainly renewable-based 
applications. So, this changes quarter-to-quarter. A market segment that has 
sort of been underperforming in the last two quarters has been Southeast Asia 
for us, but we think that we need to push a little bit more. It is not as if the 

 
Page 7 of 19 
 
market doesn't exist. It's based on our marketing efforts, and I think we need to 
double down on and spend more time. 
 
But as it currently stands, and I did point out in my opening remarks, we have 
approximately 60% of our closing order book, which is from the export market, 
and we are extremely bullish on taking this number up. We think the Indian 
market will continue to contribute, but it will provide a base for us to grow from. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Sure, sir. And one more thing I wanted to ask on, you highlighted about the 
higher MW category and last quarter also we entered into 120MW. Any new 
higher MW products on the verge? And will that expand our market and by 
how much they can expand a market just to get a sense on the higher MW 
category, yes? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
We have the technology to produce up to 120MW. It's different if the customer 
places orders on us. Again, this is based on customer confidence, in them 
having the confidence to be able to place orders for different applications in for 
different use. In fact, in this current quarter, we have an order of a 95MW 
turbine also in this space. 
 
I wouldn't like to go into too much details on the applications and the 
geography. But suffice to say that this is a high-technology product with a 
variety of different extractions which are necessary. So, we do have the ability, 
and we are confident that we will get further higher MW orders as well, which 
will help aid our growth. Because as you know, the market for higher MW 
turbines is something that Triveni Turbines has been pursuing independently 
or only over the last couple of years, last 3-4 years since our joint venture 
ended. 
 
And that is where our market share has been traditionally very low. So, to 
augment that now that we have the products and the push and the 
establishment of the confidence that we have given to customers, we will get 
more orders in this segment. This as well as the API segment will continue to 
provide good growth opportunities despite market cycles for our product 
business. The Aftermarket business will, of course gain from being close to 
customers and the installed base as well as the refurbishment opportunities 
that come about. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Right. Lastly, very quickly, so there was an announcement on CBG plant set 
up by Reliance. So just wanted to understand, is there any scope for you for 
gas to energy conversion with the turbines might be needed, that is my last 
question. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Typically, a gas-based power plant would either use a gas engine or a gas 
turbine. And the way that you should think about it is unless you hit a gas 
turbine requirement of somewhere in the region of 25 to 40MW only then will 
you go for combined cycles because we would take the waste heat that would 
come out of a gas turbine. 
 

 
Page 8 of 19 
 
And the ratio is approximately 3:1. So if the gas turbine is 3MW, you'll have a 
1MW stream turbine. If it's for gas engines, it's 10:1. So 10 MW of gas turbine 
would equate to 1 MW of steam turbine. So, there's economics in terms of 
what is viable to be set up. I think these small CBG plants don't have the 
economics to allow for a steam cycle to capture waste heat. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Chirag Muchhala from 
Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Congrats on the good set of numbers and thank you for the opportunity. Sir, 
first question is on the Aftermarket segment, where in the press release, as 
you have mentioned that you have win some breakthrough orders through 
some diverse customers. So, is it possible to give some more details regarding 
the same? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
The segment of refurbishment covers a very varied set of customers in 
different applications. For us, when we enter into new segments, it is very 
meaningful because it allows us not only in certain geographies with certain 
types of customers which propel our value proposition forward. If we start 
going to what those newer segments are, it's never ending. Because it can 
cover either other rotating equipment, it can cover similar steam turbines and 
the applications, but it can also cover the different and larger types of 
companies. In fact, we're making progress on all three. So, we have very 
reputed utility refurbishment opportunities that have come to us from key 
OEMs. We have great applications, which have also contributed as well as 
good customers. 
 
So, we're making some traction on this space. And we think that as we invest 
more in people and then being close to customers, we will have greater 
opportunities that will come to us because, ultimately, we have to be able to 
provide value to our customers. So sorry we're not able to provide much more 
specific clarity on these types of orders. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
No issue, sir. And just one follow-up regarding the previous question on 
compressed biogas plant. So actually, two avenues where heavy investments 
are being made in India, it is compressed biogas, whereas you mentioned gas 
turbines are used and the pump storage where I believe hydro turbines would 
be used. So, in Aftermarket services domain, where we have actually 
enhanced our offerings to go beyond steam turbines and also service this type 
of turbines. So will Aftermarket segment play any role in this to Indians, pump 
storage and CBG, where very huge investments are lined up in India? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Firstly, I think that the Aftermarket only comes into play once the installed base 
has been there for a little bit in this period of time. So, it's a little premature to 
start talking about this plan. Secondly, I would imagine that the local OEMs 
would have adequate capabilities to service them. The real value proposition 
for refurbishment only comes when the OEM is no longer present or no longer 
able to service that at an adequate price point. 
 

 
Page 9 of 19 
 
But having said that, and you did bring up two applications on what I would 
say, battery storage side, it gives me an opportunity to talk about our 
development that we have in our carbon dioxide front, which is quite 
encouraging. We have already commercialised our carbon dioxide-based 
turbines and which is for a battery storage application, quite similar to pumped 
hydro storage. And this is for a 20MW application in Italy. And we look forward 
to those results, which come sometime in April, May next year. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
So how large is this CO2 turbine market has already become globally, or it is 
still in its very initial trial and error phase in terms of end-user application? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
It's still an innovative product. It is still required. But the fact is that the cycle is 
quite well known. And so, we'll have to wait and see, but this provides a 
diversification for us in terms of our product offering. And so, we're quite 
optimistic on this front. And it will aid in sustaining our growth. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. So basically, I just wanted to know that are there already sufficient 
battery storage related CO2 turbine orders in the market where I mean year 
after year, we can still have a, let's say, single-digit contribution in our total 
order inflow and this is still in the next 3-4 years going to be more of a 
developmental phase type of thing? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, this is no longer developmental. It's commercialised. We are one of two 
companies or three companies making this globally. So, it's an innovative area, 
but the point is that it's very difficult for us to say how the market will develop 
and how it will contribute. All I can say is that we are excited that this provides 
another route for us to diversify our revenue base. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. And sir, lastly, on API turbines. So, as you mentioned that H1 has seen 
good order inflows from Middle East. So how large would have API become 
now? I mean, would it be kind of a one-fourth of the total inflow would have 
come from this space? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, no. It's less. But I think that it is a meaning contribution, and we think that 
we shy away from giving exact breakups, but it is a meaningful contribution to 
our order book. But as you would imagine, these are customers who are 
extremely demanding on quality and specifications as well. So, while the MW 
may be lower because the specifications are higher, such as vibration, etc, the 
costs also are quite high. But the margins would be commensurate with our 
export margins. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Yash Gandhi from 
Stallion Asset. Please go ahead. 
 
Yash Gandhi: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. So, the question was more to do with just 
slightly long-term basis. I think in your presentation, you have a chart where 
the global steam turbine market itself has degrown over the past 10 years. So, 
I'm just trying to understand while obviously our growth has been way, way 
higher than what the industry has grown. So, like what are the drivers of this 
growth? Like are you gaining market share from your peers? Or is there some 

 
Page 10 of 19 
 
sort of a new trend within the steam turbine market? And do you think that this 
trend will persist that the market will keep on sort of decreasing in size and 
maybe we are just gaining market share? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So, I think your reading of the chart is wrong. The overall market for steam 
turbines has reduced, which you are very right about. So that includes utility 
turbines. And what we try to distinguish is the requirement from an end-user 
perspective 
between 
utility 
requirements 
for 
turbines 
and 
industrial 
renewables-based requirements for turbines. And we typically just split that 
market as to below 100MW and higher than 100MW. So, if you look at the 
market as a whole, yes, you're very right, it has year-after-year continuously 
declined. 
 
But if you look at the market below 100MW in fact, going back the last 15 
years, you've seen that market grow by anywhere between 1% to 3% CAGR. 
You will have one or two years where it will go down a little bit, but on average, 
that is the trend. And the reason for that is that industrial heat and power is 
generated at site and at source, so you have both fixed capital formation that 
plays into this. But increasingly, you have a requirement that comes from 
renewable-based applications, which are either direct renewable-based 
applications, such as municipal solid waste or biomass or geothermal or 
energy efficiency-based expenditures. 
 
We see this latter continuing and picking up. At the same time, given the global 
shortage in terms of energy generation and the push towards energy transition 
and increased electrification of requirements stretching anywhere from industry 
to data centres, etc., we see a robust requirement for electricity. At the same 
time, the requirement for heat, which is required for industry also remains 
robust. 
 
So therefore, we see this growth of whatever 1%, 2%, 3%, 4% of the overall 
market continuing. In fact, it may pick up in case energy requirement goes up 
more. But we see the requirement for energy in its entirety, which includes 
both heat and power to increase going forward. This is driven by not only 
increase for capital consumption, and therefore, more requirement for 
developmental energy consumption, but also the transition itself which 
because it will be decentralised in nature, therefore you have more capacity 
and excess capacity that will be set up over actual requirement. 
 
Yash Gandhi: 
Got it. Thank you. And just last question. I don't know if you disclose this 
number or not, but what would be your EBITDA margins in Aftermarket and 
product? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, sorry. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Soni from Sharekhan. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Ankit Soni: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Just wanted to understand, we have been on 
the domestic order book, we have been more of flattish or something. So, any 

 
Page 11 of 19 
 
sort of guidance or view as to what would be the factors the domestic order 
book should be growing, or the domestic order should be growing? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I think I kind of alluded to this a little bit earlier that Q4 FY 24 order booking 
was lower because, I think of due to uncertainty of elections. And Q1 of this 
financial year was also impacted, because of election. So, if you look at it on a 
year-on-year basis, you will find FY 24 as well as FY 25 has one quarter each 
of constraints. 
 
So, when you look at the H1 performance in terms of order booking for FY 25, 
and which is a resultant of the enquiry book as of Q3, Q4 of the previous 
financial year, we think that the subsequent quarters should provide more 
leeway in terms of growth in these markets.  
 
At the same time, as Prasad had pointed out earlier, we see a consistent 
requirement in terms of enquiries from all sectors. And so, I think that we 
would see growth in the overall market in this current financial year. It's not 
going to be very large, but there will definitely be growth and the growth in our 
belief is something that will be more sustainable for the next one, two, three, 
four years. 
 
Ankit Soni: 
Okay. That's true. Now second question, basically, our exports business and 
the Aftermarket segment is expected to be contributing significantly higher in 
the coming quarters and all. So, do we have any sort of cushion for the 
margins to improve from here? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No. You see the margins are actually quite high already. Like I've said in 
previous calls, we aim to maintain at least a 20% margin level, and now we're 
ending up with margin level somewhere in the 25% such level. So, we've 
already said that margins are really not a problem for Triveni Turbines. What 
our push is to increase our enquiry book, and therefore, our order booking and 
therefore our revenue. And now the constituent of that order book is what is 
resultant in our margins. The more export you have, the more margins, you'll 
have, the more aftermarket you have, the more margin you have. So therefore, 
the conscious strategy is to expand sales and order booking as much as 
possible. And the resultant of that because it's diversified in energy to order 
and a customised product, it will differ quarter-to-quarter, product-to-product 
and order-to-order. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Harsh Tewaney from 
Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
 
Harsh Tewaney: 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question. So just one question on the gross 
margin front. If you see sequentially, there has been around 250 basis points 
contraction. So how do you read this contraction as per you? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So again, it's a question of the mix in terms of what has been executed. We 
had a certain large value service contract that was in our Aftermarket segment 
which has contributed significantly less in the current quarter. So even though 
the mix of aftermarket in the previous half year to this half year has gone from, 

 
Page 12 of 19 
 
we were record at 33-34%. The margins of Aftermarket are significantly higher 
also.  
 
Also at the same time, exports and our revenue is also higher. Having said 
that, the reason that a lot of this has happened is because we have more 
stability in our commodity pricing, when you look at a year-on-year basis, we 
have longer in-term contracts. We have more standardisation of our 
engineering platforms. So, we have more operational efficiency. We have 
certain operating leverage that has also come through. You have a product 
mix that is benefiting us and genuinely higher margin orders that we have been 
executed. 
 
But I think 52% is full credit to the team in terms of being able to get the 
operating efficiencies out. And we aim to maintain it anywhere between this 
region of 52-53-54%. 
 
Harsh Tewaney: 
And what is the status of the SADC order that we had got the second order 
that we had got? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No. So that's why I talked about, it just contributed less in the current quarter. 
And so therefore, margins were a little bit higher. Our turnover would have 
been higher otherwise. But, if you look at it on an absolute basis, our absolute 
profitability is still quite strong. We have INR 90-plus crore PAT for the current 
quarter, and we aim for the coming quarters to be even record going forward. 
 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Mayank Chaturvedi from HSBC 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
 
Mayank Chaturvedi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So just on the other expenses piece of things, 
there's been a sharp fall quarter-on-quarter. So, is there any one-off gains 
included there? You've already said that there's a large service value contract 
besides that anything else that you would like to highlight here? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So, in general, most of our expenses and other expenses are proportionate to 
our growth. So, manufacturing expenses would increase with obviously some 
operating leverage to the growth in revenue. Our warranty and other expenses 
would also continue to rise at the same proportion of being prudent. The real 
degrowth that happened there was because of the servicing contract, which 
we used to have a separate line item, but we no longer need to actually give 
that explanation. But you've already hit it on the head. 
 
Having said that, all expenses are under control. It's not as if those expenses 
are out of control in any manner. We see a good degree of predictability in our 
supply chain costs. In fact, I have our COO on the call as well. Mr. Sachin 
Parab, let him give you an idea in terms of how costs are looking at both the 
supply chain and other expenses as well. 
 
Sachin Parab: 
So, our efforts on the supply chain front in trying to improve our margins is 
continuously on. So, we are looking at different opportunities to bring down our 
cost. There are, as our Vice Chairman has mentioned, efforts on always to get 

 
Page 13 of 19 
 
into long-term rate contracts so that we can stabilise our costs and take care of 
unexpected fluctuations. Also, we are looking at diversifying our vendor base. 
We are also looking at imports from low-cost origins, that pursuit is always on 
to identify sources where we can look at improving our margins. So strategic 
sourcing is a big initiative at our supply chain team, and we are always 
scanning the environment at looking at opportunities to improve our margins. 
So that is definitely a focus area for us. 
 
Mayank Chaturvedi: 
So, would it be right to assume now that you have a healthy vendor base. I'm 
assuming it is in the SADC region that you're alluding to. So, the 
subcontracting charges as a percentage of what you are executing in the 
SADC region is starting to come down, now that you're increasing the 
expectation? 
 
Sachin Parab: 
Sorry to interrupt. My answer was more to do with our supply chain in terms of 
our cost structure and the future possibilities. As far as the SADC area is 
concerned, it is one strategic order that our Vice Chairman mentioned about. 
So, the dip in that order is what has caused a reduction in the subcontract 
expenses and that's to do with a small period of time. So, we are always 
looking at improving our margins even in the SADC region and there is more 
amount of in-house work that we are trying to target so that we can optimise in 
terms of the expenses that we incur. But that is specific to only just one large 
strategic order. 
 
Mayank Chaturvedi: 
All right. So why I'm harping on this piece is, because we are seeing that in the 
short term, these margins will be sustainable. So, I just wanted to get a sense 
of how the other expenses could pan out. But no worries. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Despite the fact in the subsequent quarters, we will see this business return, I 
think our margins are still quite robust and something quite resilient. 
 
Mayank Chaturvedi: 
Of course. Just the other piece, Nikhil, you have been guiding in the past that 
the possible growth that you might see in probably the mid-term would be 
closer to what we saw in the previous two years, but now domestic order 
booking has slowed down, and it is playing as spoil sport. So, any revisions 
that you would like to make on that front, that guidance? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, no. Our order booking is very robust. Why would you say the order 
booking is slowed? In fact, our order booking has grown. 
 
Mayank Chaturvedi: 
On the domestic piece? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
On domestic, well, as a company, overall, the fact is that we aim to diversified. 
As you know, we cannot instigate demand. We are the reactionary towards it. 
Our reading of the enquiry book is that actually these are very serious people 
who want to take the place orders. It's a question of timing. That's something 
that we cannot force that on anyone. So, we think that if the domestic market 
can grow at this 20-odd percent level every year. It's a sustainable type of 
number for the next several years. And we see that as being a greater driver. 

 
Page 14 of 19 
 
So, we are optimistic on Q3 and Q4 coming through, given the fact that overall, 
the market between H1 of FY 25 and H1 FY 24 is pretty flat. 
 
Mayank Chaturvedi: 
All right. Okay. That was very helpful. Thank you. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Because we know that Q4 of last year was low. So, if you look at it on the full-
year to full-year, we know that Q4 of this current year will be significantly better 
than Q4 of last year, even if we continue the same momentum. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Omkar Chitnis from Trade 
Brains. Please go ahead. 
 
Omkar Chitnis: 
Good afternoon. My first question is, how much are you planning to spend 
R&D over the next three years? And can you give guidance for a top line for 
FY 25? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So firstly, sorry, we don't provide guidance. But I think you can hear our 
previous conference calls and ultimately, our order booking translates into 
revenue. So, you'd be able to get a fair idea as to how we execute in the 
coming quarters. As far as R&D goes, you're very right, it is a keen focus for 
the Company both in terms of personnel and people who are required for the 
multiple disciplines that we require for our steam turbine, but we also required 
for our product diversification. 
 
So, we have both in-house requirements, requirements at academic 
institutions, requirements with certain consultants who are aiding us in this 
endeavour. At the same time, we also have expenditure that will happen on 
infrastructure such as what our test beds and other infrastructure will cost us to 
set up and the sensors, etc., and the data mining and the data gathering 
endeavours costs that will come. So, some of those will be one-time costs 
because we don't need to spend them continuously. Some of the other 
variable costs will be spent year-on-year. We typically, as far as what is 
reported on our balance sheets, have spent anywhere between 1.2-1.3 odd 
percent of turnover in R&D. 
 
But that really doesn't capture the full number because most of our R&D 
projects are end up getting sold. So, when we end up selling these projects, 
we get recognised as revenue don't really form a part of what would be R&D. 
So, having said that, our R&D spend is still quite high. We have a very large 
department and continuously developing newer Intellectual Property (IP). So, 
without giving you a specific number, our expenditure is significantly higher 
than that 1.3%, which is reported on our annual report. 
 
Omkar Chitnis: 
Your global competitors have adopted USC technologies and modular and 
digital technologies in their turbines. Do you have any plans on that? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I couldn't understand that question. Can you speak a little slower please? 
 

 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Omkar Chitnis: 
Yes. Even some of your competitors globally have adopted the Ultra Super 
Critical technologies and modular and digital technologies for their turbines. Do 
you have any plans on that? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So Ultra Super Critical turbines are well, we have critical technology. The point 
is it's not economic to make it at a small size. So, I don't know which 
competitor of ours is making in this industrial range. I don't think that's correct 
information. As far as digital and modular, all our products are digital and 
modular and have digital and modular offerings. 
 
Omkar Chitnis: 
Okay. Got it. Can you explain about the asset-light model you have mentioned 
in your strength in presentation. What do you mean the asset-light model? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
You know your line is not clear. Can you pick up the phone? 
 
Omkar Chitnis: 
Yes, sir. In your presentation, you have mentioned your strength as an asset-
light model. Can you provide some updates on that? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
When you see the asset-light model, you see our balance sheet, you see our 
assets employed and you see our returns. The numbers are quite apparent. In 
fact, actually, if you take cash off the book, you'll see in this current quarter on 
an annualised basis, our return on capital employed is in excess of 600%. So 
that is not an asset-light model, I don't know what would be. 
 
Omkar Chitnis: 
Okay. I thought about in hospitality business, there is asset-light model, sir, in 
that way I thought it. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Asset as we look at it on a balance sheet basis, our metrics of performance 
and the way that we'd like to be evaluated by our investors is on return on 
capital on an equity basis. We aim to be a free cash generative company. We 
aim to deploy those free cash in a way that is productive to the Company and 
to the long-term growth of the Company. 
 
Omkar Chitnis: 
Okay. Got it. And my last question is, are you planning for any partnership with 
any PSU companies in India for the upcoming projects? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
The Company continues to evaluate a variety of different schemes. It has to 
ultimately form the basis within the strategy that I just said, we aim to be a 
technology-first customer-centric organisation, which has to translate into 
higher return on capital, higher return on equity. The risk that the Company 
takes are never apparent on commercial terms, etc. We reach out to a variety 
of different customers with a variety of different applications. Some of those 
are PSUs, some of those are non-PSUs. Though I have to say that going 
forward, we will have a much greater diversification in product mix as well as 
geographic mix coming in. So, I don't know what specifically you're talking 
about, but even then, I wouldn't be able to talk specifically about an order. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bimal Sampat, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
 

 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Bimal Sampat: 
Yeah, good afternoon. Two, three questions. One is now America, you are 
saying this year, we will be losing about ₹25 crores. And next year onwards, 
will we start contributing? I mean will be able to breakeven next year or still 
one or two more years of drag? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, no. We should see from next year, it would start contributing maybe not as 
meaningful a manner, but we have to wait and see. The fact is the factory has 
just come out, people are ramping up. We're optimistic on the market. There is 
a certain degree of transition happening over this quarter and beginning of 
next quarter. We'll have to see how that plays out into the confidence of 
customers there. 
 
Bimal Sampat: 
Yes. But in two years, definitely, it will start contributing, correct? By 26? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Our attempt is to get it to contribute as quickly as possible.  
 
Bimal Sampat: 
Yeah, that I understand. I mean business is dynamic. We don't know what 
happened. But our estimate is that by 26, it will start contributing to our bottom 
line? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes. Not as meaningful a way that general market does, but we think that it 
provides us a very good base to then leverage on. 
 
Bimal Sampat: 
Now this U.S. base, will it help us to the South American market also, will we 
be able to service from their better? Canada? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
You already know our strategy better than us. 
 
Bimal Sampat: 
No, sir. And lastly, now we are sitting on a lot of cash. So, our buyback also 
was some time back. Now as you said, I know you have some products ready, 
so are you planning to get into more products now? Or still there is more juice 
left in our API turbines and the current products? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
There's much, much more juice left in our steam turbine business. That is the 
business. So before I say that is our business, we have a very good runway for 
growth in our product line. We just want to create newer product lines so that 
we are able to sustain our growth. And we de-risked from any market cycles 
that may come about. 
 
Bimal Sampat: 
Right. So next four, five years, we have a good runway for growth?  
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
The thing is that we have had the appropriate products. We have to have the 
capabilities in place to be able to cater to our customer requirements and 
make sure that they're satisfied. Now the predictability that we had in terms of 
visibility for revenue is based on our enquiry book, which will translate to order 
book and then revenue. So, as we expand our product offerings, our enquiry 
books will grow and give us more confidence. But as it currently stands, the 
relevance of our products and market segments which are where a lot of 
people are spending money seems to be quite appropriate. So, we think that 
there is a certain degree of medium-term growth. 

 
Page 17 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kushant Arora from Baroda 
BNP Asset Management Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Kushant Arora: 
Hi Sir. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My question is on the 
capacity front. What is the current capacity utilisation? And what kind of 
number can we achieve with peak utilisation levels? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I think you brought up a very good point. I didn't get the opportunity to address 
this a little bit earlier. We are asset-light business model, as we've already 
heard. But having said that, given the growth that we are seeing, which is even 
more than what we had expected when we had expanded our shop a couple of 
years ago, we would probably go to the Board for a capex approval to expand. 
But this will be, again, as you know, how much we spent in our last capex 
growth. This will be something that will be spent over FY 26 - FY 27. But it is 
something that will be well within, I would say, the resources of the Company. 
 
Kushant Arora: 
All right. Any ballpark number on the capex front? 
 
Lalit Agarwal: 
We'll come back, but it will be annualised. It would be somewhere in the region 
of about ₹70 crores, ₹80 crores, I would imagine. 
 
Kushant Arora: 
All right. Understood. And is the capacity being fungible for refurbishments? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
You see a majority of our capacity that comes up is in the nature of being able 
to assure quality to our customers. So, a majority that comes up is an 
assembly testing, quality assurance. As far as manufacturing capacity goes 
directly that is fungible between both in-house and third-party that is 
refurbishment requirements. And those will be taken on the basis of being able 
to augment our vendor and subcontractor capabilities, so that we're not either 
dependent on one vendor excessively or that we are at risk at any given point 
in time in terms of breakage of machinery, etc. So, I think that we make sure 
that the machinery has multiple uses, the facility and factory has ample area 
and the capability to be able to service. So, we do cover both things that you 
talked about. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now take the last question from the 
line of Sriram R, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Sriram R: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I mean you have just mentioned that the 
market for a sub-100 growing at 1% to 3%. But then we are actually growing 
much faster than that, whereas if you look at FY 13 to 20, our top line actually 
stagnated. So, what has actually changed post-COVID? I mean is it like other 
competitors are focusing on above 100MW, and we have some kind of white 
space in the industry. Can you please elaborate on that? That's my first 
question. Second is what is the mix between replacement to OEM demand for 
domestic as well as export market? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Okay. Unfortunately, the point is that there are many analysts on this call the 
data that is available in terms of market size is a post-fact data, which we've 

 
Page 18 of 19 
 
always said is something that is susceptible to the fact of data being reported. 
There are not many players in this market. And so, if people don't report 
accurately, we can't really comment on that. But now on where is Triveni's 
performance been and what is pertinent to us as a company.  
 
Until maybe 3-4 years ago, we were not really participating in the above 30MW 
category directly. That was not contributing either to our top line and very 
indirectly really to our bottom line to our joint venture. At the same time, we did 
not have any participation in the API market space and our refurbishment as a 
sector was not meaningfully contributing to our turnover.  
 
So, what has happened over the last three years is that all of these three 
segments have started meaningfully contributing to our order booking and they 
will now start contributing to our revenue going forward. Like, for example, the 
API orders that we got in the last quarter will be executed next year or the year 
after, I'd say with the large value MW orders. 
 
So, you see our market share in certain segments is growing from being 
largely negligent negligible to something more significant. And we believe that 
we can sustain this till we hit some level of appropriate market share. 
 
Sriram R: 
Great, sir. And on the second part, I mean the mix between OEM and 
replacement for domestic and export? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah. So, India doesn't have a large capital base. But if you see a majority of 
our industrial capex has happened over the last 20 years only. So, there's not 
that much of a replacement capex that happens in the Indian market to such a 
large extent in terms of OEMs leaving the market. In India, most OEMs are still 
present as have been. I think the Russians who left the market have a 
replacement market, which is more in the utilities side. But I think this is more 
of a value proposition internationally. 
 
Again, the requirement stretches from sector to sector and product to product. 
But there's no generic answer to what you are seeing. But the generic answer 
is that the larger the capital base that exists, which is mostly in developed 
countries such as the United States or Europe, the greater the refurbishment 
opportunities, I think that would be there. 
 
Sriram R: 
Great. Sir, what are the life span of these products? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So, we have turbines that have been operating from over 45 years. Now what 
has happened in the meantime is that technology has changed quite 
significantly. And so therefore, newer technologies can even validate the 
replacement of a turbine as young as five to seven years old. So, do you 
replace the entire footprint of the turbine or do you replace the rotor? These 
are different commercial proposition that we take to customers, and we see 
what works for them. But turbine, its health is robust enough to be able to last 
for multiple decades. 
 

 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management 
for closing comments. Over to you. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Thank you for joining our Q2 and H1 FY 25 earnings conference call, ladies 
and gentlemen. We hope to continue our performance in the coming quarters 
and coming years. And I look forward to speaking to you after our Q3/ 9M FY 
25 results in the next year. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Triveni Turbine Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is the output of transcribing from an audio recording and has been edited for clarity, consistency with 
published information. Although efforts have been made to ensure a high level of accuracy, in some cases it may be incomplete or 
inaccurate due to inaudible passages or transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such inaccuracies or errors. It 
is compiled as an aid to understanding the proceedings of the event but should not be treated as an authoritative record. 
