  
   
  
  
Our intensity. 
Your agility. 
Ref: ITL/SE/2024-25/52 
Date: November 11, 2024 
To, 
The Manager, 
The Manager 
Corporate Relation Department 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor; Plot No. C/1 
Dalal Street, Fort 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai —- 400001 
Mumbai - 400051 
Scrip Code: 532326 
Symbol: INTENTECH; 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference call 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
In terms 
of Regulation 
30 
of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations 
and 
Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the Q2 & H1 FY 2024-25 Earnings 
Conference Call held on November 06, 2024. 
The same is also uploaded on Company’s website: https:/ /www.in1l0stech.com/Investors 
  
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Intense Technologies Limited 
Pratyusha Podugu 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
  
Intense Technologies Limited 
Unit # 01, The Headquarters, 10th floor, Wing B, Orbit by Auro Realty, 
a i 
Knowledge City, Raidurg, Hyderabad-500019, India 
Nn 
S 
T: +91 40 45474621 
F: +9140 27819040 
E: info@inlOstech.com CIN - L30007TGI990PLCOTI510 
Our Global Offices 
: Dubai 
| Florida 
| London 
www.iniOstech.com 
 
PODUGU 
PRATYUSHA
Digitally signed by 
PODUGU PRATYUSHA 
Date: 2024.11.11 
15:58:26 +05'30'

Intense Technologies Limited 
6" November 2024 
Inlos” 
Inlos”’ 
Intense Technologies Limited 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 06, 2024 
Management: 
Mr. C.K. Shastri, Managing Director 
Ms. Anisha Shastri, Director 
Mr. Jayant Dwarkanath - Director 
Mr. Nitin Sarda, Chief Financial Officer 
Page 
1 of 13

Inlos” 
Intense Technologies Limited 
6" November 2024 
  
Moderator 
Richa Singh 
C. K. Shastri 
Anisha Shastri 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Intense Technologies Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for 
you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “O” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
| now hand the conference over to Ms. Richa Singh from CDR India. Please go ahead, ma'am. 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today on Intense Technologies Q2 
and H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call. 
Today, from the Management, we have Mr. C. 
K. Shastri 
- Managing Director; Ms. Anisha Shastri — 
Director; Mr. Jayant Dwarkanath - Director and Mr. Nitin Sarda - CFO of the company. 
Before we start, please note that the statement made on today's call will be forward-looking in nature. 
A note to that effect has been included in the earnings release of the company, which is available on 
the stock exchange and our company website. 
| would now like to invite Mr. C. K. Shastri for his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Thank you, Richa. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. 
It is a pleasure as always, to interact with 
our stakeholders for this financial result for H1 of FY25. 
| am very happy to inform you that we had a year-on-year 44% growth from last year. Last year, we 
had revenue of Rs. 56.21 crore compared to this year Rs. 81.21 crore. It is a significant growth of 44%. 
And even in terms of EBITDA, there has been a growth of 39%. 
Last year, we had Rs. 11.67 crore for H1 and Rs. 16.27 crore for 24-25. These numbers are very 
encouraging and it is a proof of whatever strategies we put in on project Butterfly is paying off. And 
we are investing in a lot of high-end Technologies like Al, Big Data and MLOps. 
| would hand it over details or detailed operations to be addressed by Anisha Shastri and CFO and we 
are there to take all your questions thereafter. 
Thank you so much, Mr. Shastri. Good afternoon, everybody, very happy to have you all on our call. 
| 
hope you are having a fantastic festive season. 
| understand that there are quite a few of you on this 
call today who are joining us for the first time, so 
| will give you first a quick brief of what we do as an 
organization and then | will head to my operational updates. 
So as an organization, we are a platform-driven services company. Our strengths lie predominantly in 
centralized communication governance, data and managed services using our low-code platform. So 
we have IP assets, we have platforms, strong platforms that have been tried and tested to India scale 
and we use these platforms to deliver services to customers in BFSI, Telecom and we recently opened 
up government last year. 
| will give you a little bit more of use case based context subsequently, so you understand just what 
we do with our platforms. We operate in across 4 continents and we have recently also reopened the 
US operations for us. We sent one of our strongest salesperson from India to open up that geography 
for us and we also signed on a very well-known personality in the BFSI industry in the US with great 
Page 2 of 13

Inlos” 
Intense Technologies Limited 
6" November 2024 
connections to help open doors for us. And we are hoping that this change in strategy will help bolster 
our journey towards opening up the US in a big way for us. 
This quarter, 
| am happy to tell you that we added a new customer in the insurance vertical in India. 
We added one new logo in the US as well in the tech space for managed services and we converted 
one of our existing engagements into a transmission driven engagement as well. 
| will tell you a 
little 
more about that subsequently. 
In terms of project Butterfly, the ones joining today may not really know what the significance of this 
is, but about 1-1/2 years ago, we set forward and apart which said we have so many large logos to our 
credit in the country. We work with some of the largest private banks, insurance companies, Telcos, 
etc., but we are not really able to leverage these relationships to fund these accounts better and 
provide more value to our customers. And so the birth of project Butterfly basically getting out of our 
cocoon and turning into a beautiful butterfly. 
The significance of this was threefold. One 
is how can we provide more value proposition to our 
existing customers and thus increase our wallet share from our existing customers. Two, how do we 
Open up operations across the western parts of the world where margin profiles typically are better 
and third, how do we bring in efficiencies and processes into our existing organizations so that we can 
deliver more effectively, more agilely as well as more profitably to our customers. 
| am happy to inform 
you that on all these three parameters, we have seen good progress. We added a few green shoots 
last year in order to increase our bouquet of offerings to our customers. 
In general, by virtue of 
working with a lot of large enterprises, we have always had very strong data management capabilities, 
but those were usually just passed into our communications offering. Today, we offer it as a separate 
managed service as well to help companies improve the quality of their data so that they are then 
able to leverage that data to cross sell, upsell to their customers better and also stay compliant with 
the regulations that SEBI, RBI, etc., have for banks, IRDA, etc., for insurance. 
We also added government as a new vertical. We never earlier had the muscle to be able to take on 
government as a vertical because in government you need the pockets, you need to have the patience 
to be able to wait for your receivables to come in, you need to have money to give performance, bank 
guarantees, EMVs, etc., but we are very strong on our cash position and this has given us the ability 
and the appetite to be able to take on government as a vertical. And 
| am happy to inform you that 
that has also taken shape in a great way. You are seeing a result of all of these efforts in our numbers 
over the last few quarters. 
In addition, we also wanted to see how we could expand on our communications options. So today 
we do enterprise grade communications for a lot of large logos that you may be associated with on a 
daily basis, whether it is for life insurance, whether you are banking with them, credit cards, whether 
it is returns that you file, the phone bills that you receive etc. And our idea was to see how we can 
build upon that and how we can provide additional, we can expand on this value proposition, so that 
we also get into the transmission services space. 
lam happy to inform you that we stepped foot on this a quarter ago and last quarter, we also added 
a couple of other customers of ours through these transmission services engagement. As such, our 
green shoots are taking off steadily, healthily. On the government front, our focus has been, so the 
Central Government has given out certain 
large budgets 
to state governments, 
to ULBs for 
IT 
enablement, so that there are smart city projects running, there are Swachh Bharat projects running, 
so urban local bodies are basically funded by the center and the state to run these projects and also 
for IT enablement to run these projects successfully. So we have been looking at opportunities in the 
government space where we can use our platforms to deliver automation, to deliver citizen services, 
etc., to various states. 
Another space in the government sector that we are looking at also is the education vertical. You know 
that the government last year came up with the national educational policy. The government is also 
investing very heavily on skill development of citizens and providing opportunities to them therefore. 
And we being a homegrown technology company, we are well poised to help in this journey as well, 
we have educational ERP's that help in the maintenance and management of education institutions 
and we also have platforms which we use to deliver other dashboard, workflow automation, many 
Page 3 of 13

Inlos” 
Intense Technologies Limited 
6" November 2024 
such use cases to education bodies as well. So in government, this is largely the focus that we have 
had. 
On the communications front, like 
| said, erstwhile, we just used to be a designer company. We used 
to design large scale enterprise communication. Today, we are proud to say that we do the designing 
of the communications, our marketing automation platform decides who should receive a message, 
at what time, on which channel, so that the enterprise 
is spending less on engaging with their 
customers, but engaging more meaningfully with their customers. And then finally sending out the 
last mile SMS, the last mile e-mail, etc. We don't have gateways of our own, we partnered with other 
transmission providers to be able to provide a one stop communications solution to our customers 
that a 
little bit on what we do as an organization and where we are on the sales standpoint. From a 
people standpoint, we continue to invest in sales. Over the last two years, we have consciously cut 
down on hiring in any other part of the organization. Our only agenda was twofold, one to strengthen 
our sales and marketing which in the past we had been weak on this front. We didn't really have the 
luxury of being able to invest in marketing, invest in sales, but over the last year, we have very 
consciously increased our sales present, like 
| mentioned to you, we sent one of our top performers 
to the US, to open up the US market. We have added a few more sales folks within India last quarter. 
We have partnered with a couple of re-makers to help make introductions at top level so that we can 
farm existing engagements better and also open up new doors for us. 
Another area of people focus was to see how we can make our organization more efficient and more 
lean. When we started the year off, we were almost 600 people and today, organically and through 
sustained efforts of ensuring we monitor performance and we reward appropriately. Today, we are 
about 530 people in strength and this is about the size that we would continue to remain for some 
time. We wanted 
to strengthen our leadership, 
bring 
in some professionals who have proven 
themselves, have proven track records outside with other similar sized organizations as well as people 
who can bring in some expertise from larger organizations, processes metrics etc. We brought Nitin - 
our CFO. Nitin, we brought him on early last year, which was 
| think Q3 of last financial year. This 
previous quarter, we also added a Head of Delivery who comes from the pedigree of being able to 
manage large scale BFSI deliveries for large Sls in the country and he is bringing in a lot of rigor in our 
delivery processes and the way we measure productivity as well. We also hope to add a Head of Sales 
again from industry pedigree, who can help bolster this growth trajectory that we are on to the next 
level. 
Apart from this, we have not really added any other resources as such within the organization. On a 
marketing front, we have spent significantly on improving our brand presence across. We have 
participated in three events last quarter as well and just in the duration of the year, we have already 
participated in about 6 events and we hope to continue to do so. We had a fantastic event just last 
month where we were very well received by the Telecom Ministry as well and by some large Telcos in 
the country and we got quite a bit of PR for it as well. 
On the US front, earlier we used to try to replicate the model that we had in India since we worked 
with a lot of large enterprises in India, we would try to see how we could continue to work and target 
large enterprises in the US as well. But we have now kind of reached that strategy. For the size of our 
organization, we believe we are better suited at focusing on regional bank, community bank. The US 
has about 10,000 banks and credit unions put together, so the canvas 
is extremely large and their 
smaller organizations are also 20 billion, 100 billion in size. So there is a lot of opportunity for us to 
tap into that market and that is our focus for the US geography. 
On a products front, we continue to invest in innovations for those of you who have tracked us across 
the years, you know that we are otherwise a very tech driven organization. We focus on innovation, 
we focus on ensuring that we are able to provide that kind of value to our customers and that is why 
many of our engagements with our customers have stuck on for decades together with 
us. We 
continue to invest in generative Al, LLM and SLM based capabilities in our product. In fact, our latest 
addition to our products is on how we can improve content generation and make that automatic, so 
that customer communication, drafting, designing, etc., all of that becomes easier for the customer. 
So our road maps are typically focused around twofold, either on leveraging Al to improve the 
customer’s value proposition or to improve the efficiency with which we deliver our services to the 
customers. And in fact, last quarter we were recognized by CELENT. CELENT is a very reputed analyst 
especially 
in the 
US European market. And we were recognized 
as luminaries 
in our customer 
Page 4 of 13

Inlos” 
Nitin Sarda 
Intense Technologies Limited 
6" November 2024 
communication space. So this is also proof of the putting that our platforms are customer focused and 
focused on delivering value in the spaces in which we operate. This is largely the update that 
| had for 
you on the sales people and product standpoint. 
Before 
| hand it over to Nitin for financials, 
| just wanted to walk you through a couple of case studies 
that we have delivered using our platforms, so that you get a better understanding of what we do as 
an organization and what we are capable of. The first piece 
is 
in the communication space, so 
communications is our bread and butter. That is our flagship platform and one of the leading banks in 
the country uses our communication platform to centralize their communications across all their 
systems. So if you take a typical bank for example, they probably have about 100-200 different systems 
operating across loans, across credit cards, across your CASA, your deposits, etc., every line of business 
has multiple systems and each of these systems otherwise individually communicate with customers. 
So the customer eventually gets inundated with a lot of messages, some may be relevant, some may 
not, for instance, if Rahul, hypothetically has received a 50,00,000 bonus, but you are still trying to sell 
him a 10,00,000 personal loan, which is kind of relevant to Rahul versus maybe Shweta has received, 
maybe been defaulting on her credit card payment for the last 10 months and you will still go and try 
to 
sell 
her 
a home 
loan. 
It 
is 
kind 
of impractical, 
the bank 
is spending 
a 
lot 
of money and 
communicating with customers, but it is not converting into anything. 
In addition, when you have your communications spread across these hundreds of systems, 
it is so 
difficult for you to stay compliant and the regulators today are really cracking down hard on banks, 
insurance companies, etc. And they are tracking communications with customers to the team, right, 
so our platform came in as the centralized communication dashboard and with our platform, this bank 
was able to realize almost Rs. 100 crore in just communication spend savings annually. That is huge, 
right? Typically, 
if the bank was spending, say, Rs. 500 crore a year, saving 20% on communication 
spend 
is directly hitting their bottomline and directly hitting their market cap. So that is the kind of 
value that we provide to them using our communication platform and they get centralized visibility 
around every communication that they have sent. They know that when if they have already sent 4 
promotional messages to Rahul, suppress the fifth one, or if Vivek has received regulatory information 
message from one system already, don't send it to another, suppress it or if Anisha has a 0 balance 
statement and don't send out the statement. So like that, we have really been able to save them on 
their communications spend and bring them that centralized governance across the entire bank. 
It is 
a pan bank incrementation. 
The second use case that 
| would like to present to you is what we did with the large revenue body, 
erstwhile, tax filing used to be a very manual, excel based approach. Without a Chartered Accountant, 
you could just not file your returns versus to date, 
it 
is next submit done, so we have completely 
automated the entire tax filing process. Every form 
is about 400-500 screens with thousands of 
business rules and validations and computations put in that and we used Chartered Accountants to 
develop these funds, not engineers because engineers are smart, but not smart enough to understand 
taxation. So we brought in domain experts and they developed them using our low-code platform 
with 
0 code, whatsoever. So we are able to provide such kind 
of managed services as well to 
government bodies, to private sector players etc. These are a couple of use cases that 
| wanted to just 
highlight. So you get a feel for what we do with our platforms and what we are capable of achieving 
in the future as well. 
| will now hand it over to Nitin to just focus on a little bit on the financial. Thank you. 
Thank you so much, Anisha. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, wish everyone a very Shubh 
Deepavali. 
| will briefly summarize the financial results and possibly provide contextual clarity for 
better understanding of our financial results. 
To begin with, 
| would like to state that Intense Technologies has been consistently paying dividend 
for the past financial years. We expect us also implement that dividend paying policy consistently. To 
begin with, we see our Q2 H1 revenue results as very encouraging. All our efforts to broaden our 
spectrum and to add value added offerings as part of project Butterfly has started to yield traction 
and we can see that reflecting in our results in topline. As a result of this, we have been able to clock 
Rs. 83 crore for H1 of this financial year as compared to Rs. 57 crore for the past financial years. So 
that is the quite jump that we see there. 
Page 5 of 13

Inlos” 
Moderator 
Zakir Nasir 
Nitin Sarda 
Anisha Shastri 
Moderator 
Intense Technologies Limited 
6" November 2024 
From a cost standpoint, there is a marginal increase in employee cost from Rs. 57.7-Rs. 16.7 crore. So 
there is an increase of Rs. 1 crore in credit cost. Although our employee strength remains at 524 as 
compared to 533 in Q1, we have added certain high compensation delivery leads and sale leads in 
MENA and US market. So that is the reason why we have seen that increase in employee cost and 
besides that we have also taken our compensation policy to provide a benefit of quarterly incentives 
to our high performing employees who are meeting their quarterly targets. So as we have achieved 
more of our those employees have achieved their targets. They have become eligible, so there is 
another reason for uptake in employee costs. 
Secondly, 
| presumably understand you will have a lot of questions on the interpretation of increase 
in other costs. So as part of other costs, we have some items there, one is the professional consultant 
cost which has increased from Rs. 78 lakhs to Rs. 5.18 crore. So basically as part of our endeavor to 
provide value added services to our customers, we are leveraging on the expertise of domain experts 
from the client industry to deliver design customer centric approach in our ongoing engagement such 
as data services, education department, delivery services and all. So as most of this delivery has been 
completed for and these are all these costs for the domain experts is onetime, which is also linked to 
milestone based, delivery based, revenues accruing from our green shoots. So these are those costs 
and out of this total increase of 4.35, 3.75 can be attributed as onetime cost linked to those external 
expertises. Despite this increase in costs, we were able to comfortably achieve our desired margin for 
this quarter. 
And coming to our cash flows, during the half year ended September 2024, there is a cash outflow 
from operations. Again that is the result of revenue approvals, invoicing to customers. 
| would like to 
bring to everyone's notice that we were working with an educational department for one of our state 
to deliver services from one of our platforms and as a result, that is a high value engagement that we 
are currently enrolling as part of our citizen service and most of these milestones were delivered in 
early and mid of September. We were able to invoice in September and as a result of that, we have 
ended up with large receivable position for the year ended September. But 
| would also like to state 
that we have collected those receivables in October. Currently, our receivable position has come back 
to Rs. 48 crore from my H1 sales and my DSO 
is in healthy range of 110 days as against 167 days 
computed based on September financial results. 
| would also like to state that we have realized 40% of our receivables from September 2024 post 
September results. Now, 
| would also like to state that we have a very strong liquidity position for this, 
our bank balances in terms of bank fixed deposits and investment in mutual funds as part of treasury 
Operations. We stand at Rs. 63 crore as against Rs. 60 crore in Q1. That is the update 
| have from the 
finance standpoint. We will now open the forum for further questions. 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin with the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Zakir Nasir, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
My first question would be to Mr. Nitin. Sir, about this professional cost you said that Rs. 3.75 crore is 
a onetime expenses, so without that could we assume that our profitability would have been Rs. 7 
crore plus sir, that is my first question? My next question would be to Ms. Anisha, ma’am, could we 
see this quarter as a base for the next 5-6 quarters going ahead? 
Responding to your first part of the question as to the onetime professional cost that we have incurred 
on hiring domain experts, so the thing is now these costs are closely related to the revenue that we 
derived from our green shoot segments, the data services and all. So the current engagements are 
ongoing with multiple customers and few of the delivery related milestones have concluded in Q2. 
That is where we are also seeing a corresponding cost to it. From a cost standpoint, there is again a 
lot of scope of work that remains to be delivered corresponding to it. We might see some expense 
populating in this particular bracket, but yes, this will be very close to the revenue driven costs. 
And for your second question, we continue to work towards that same trajectory. 
| would not want 
to give any forward-looking statements, but yes, that is our effort. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Soni from Nvest Analytics Advisory LLP. Please 
go ahead. 
Page 6 of 13

Inlos” 
Aman Soni 
Anisha Shastri 
Aman Soni 
Anisha Shastri 
Aman Soni 
Anisha Shastri 
Moderator 
Sumit Kothari 
Nitin Sarda 
Sumit Kothari 
Anisha Shastri 
Sumit Kothari 
Anisha Shastri 
Moderator 
Pratik Dedhia 
Anisha Shastri 
Intense Technologies Limited 
6" November 2024 
Given that the company has achieved revenue of Rs. 73 crore in first half, could you provide some 
color on the expected run rate for the full year? Additionally, what is the target revenue for FY25? 
So we closed H1 at 81 plus other income and we hope to continue the run rate, again like Mr. Nasir’s 
question, we would not want to make any forward-looking statement, but our effort is to continue 
this momentum. 
Secondly, can you also share some color in kind of contracts we have right now that are open for 
execution and what kind of visibility do you see for the next 2-3 days on the existence contract? 
| am not sure 
if 
| understood your question correctly, but 
if your question 
is around which of our 
existing contracts 
is still under execution and whether you will see those revenues reflect in the 
subsequent quarters? 
Yes. 
So there is a healthy number of projects of ours that are recurring in nature. So quarter-on-quarter, 
we deliver similar services across. So that annuity will anyway continue. And then the newer projects 
that we added on in Q4 and in Q1, etc., some may come to conclusion in this quarter, but newer 
projects that we added on in Q1 will continue. 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Sumit Kothari, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
My question is to Nitin here. Nitin, you mentioned that we have debtors of close to Rs. 48 crore as on 
date, which is a significant recovery. So can you just tell me how much 
is BS as a part of this Rs. 48 
crore in terms of percentage? 
That would be around 12%-15% Sumit. 
The second question is, we mentioned in the presentation that there have been some price increases 
in the managed services contract, so can you quantify the price increase and how it could affect the 
operating margins for the company? 
| think you are referring to one of the engagements that we renewed the previous quarter. The 
increase is about 65%, 
| would say from the previous number to this number, but overall as part of 
our overall revenue number, 
it is probably 5%-7%. So 
it won't really significantly move our overall 
number. 
And one more thing, we have added two more clients in the US market, so can you quantify the 
revenue potential from this client? 
So these are engagements that have started small. We are delivering certain managed services for 
them. We hope to increase these. Once you prove your capability, then the customer will be willing 
to trust you more from another continent. So that is where we have started. Potential is good and the 
potential is also recurring in nature, which is a great thing. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Dedhia, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
So 
| have a couple of questions. In your opening remarks, you mentioned about winning a logo in the 
US, so can you throw some light on what kind of opportunity that you are getting? And also the second 
part to the same question in terms of what traction, are you seeing with the rate cuts coming in? How 
are the clients reacting or how are they showing interest? 
So this is our managed services opportunity, application development and maintenance with a tech 
company, 
a tech client in the US. First, 
| think we are not large enough to be adversely impacted 
positively or negatively by any of the larger macros that happen in terms of rate cuts or elections or 
Page 7 of 13

Inlos” 
Pratik Dedhia 
Anisha Shastri 
Pratik Dedhia 
Anisha Shastri 
Pratik Dedhia 
Anisha Shastri 
Pratik Dedhia 
Anisha Shastri 
Moderator 
Narayan Vyas 
Nitin Sarda 
Narayan Vyas 
Intense Technologies Limited 
6" November 2024 
any of that. And our exposure to the US just yet is not as significant. We have only added about 3 
customers now in the US, so we don't see any of those things have too much of an impact on our GTM 
business. 
And any color you can throw in terms of deal size or the contractual length of the work that you are 
getting in US? 
So these are recurring in nature. 
| would kind of refrain from speaking absolute numbers, but the good 
part of it is that it will steadily reflect quarter-on-quarter, 
| think at least for 2 years. 
And in terms of the urban local bodies that you mentioned, so again similar question, what kind of 
projects and any contractual lends for the India business from government? 
So urban local bodies spend basically in two different directions. One 
is infrastructure growth, like 
your pipelines, your sanitization, those kind of things. And the second side 
is on 
IT enablement to 
manage all of these projects, to have governance, dashboard, metrics, etc. So our focus is usually more 
onthe second side. Of course, that also means that there are some projects where you have to provide 
associated infrastructure and then deploy your software build out, custom bespoke applications etc., 
for them. So we do that, but we largely focus around anything that has something software to do with 
it. 
And 
in terms of traction, so just 
if you can give some color in terms of government spending or 
government contracts, H1 of this year and H2 of this financial year, how is it different? So my question 
is more towards how say probably the heat wave or elections would have affected the contracts from 
H1 and to now H2, how the government is spending, some color on that? 
So existing contracts, touchwood are not affected. 
| will say definitely that some items in our pipeline 
have slipped through quarters, things that could have been closed, maybe a quarter or two ago are 
still continuing to linger because of election uncertainty, etc. So it does have 
a little bit of impact on 
our pipe, but existing contracts that we already have and are in the process of delivering those things 
are not affected. 
In terms of bid pipelines, if you cannot share the absolute numbers, which number of contracts that 
you would have bid for or you would have shown interest both local government bodies and national 
government bodies? 
| think that we are still in the process of streamlining our processes to be able to get to that kind of 
figure where we can give you quarter-on-quarter pipeline predictability. So now, 
| may not be ina 
position to give it to you as such, but visibility looks decent. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Narayan Vyas, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
My question was, 
| saw that we have added some intangible asset, so what exactly it is regarding? 
So 
| will take that question Mr. Narayan. So basically Intense has been spending on developing 
platforms which we use for deployment at our customers and also we provide our tech enabled 
services around it. So for the past 2 financial years, we have been developing this intangible platforms 
based on the feedback that we received from our customers, from our consulting team which directly 
deals with most of the RFP's, so all those expenses for the financial year to year ended 2022, 2023 and 
2024 particularly, we had incurred close to Rs. 20 crore, Rs. 20.91 crore to be precise on intangible 
assets over this platform and almost more than close to five of those platforms which are under 
development, we have started to monetize them, we have deployed them and we are seeing benefits 
coming over. So that particular spend which was sitting in under development intangibles have been 
moved to intangible assets and we have started to amortize since we see corresponding revenue 
accruing to the company. 
Another question of mine is that 
| recall we secured 2 logos in America, so should we expect some 
addition to it after the election results have been announced and might be some factor pushing it? 
Page 8 of 13

Inlos” 
Anisha Shastri 
Narayan Vyas 
Nitin Sarda 
Narayan Vyas 
Anisha Shastri 
Narayan Vyas 
Anisha Shastri 
Moderator 
Amit Ahuja 
Nitin Sarda 
Amit Ahuja 
Nitin Sarda 
Anisha Shastri 
Intense Technologies Limited 
6" November 2024 
So definitely, that is our goal. In fact, we added a couple of sales resources in the US to now targetedly 
focus on that. 
| was also in the US last quarter. So we are definitely seeing some traction build up. The 
election results will really not have any bearing on whether we do business and how much business 
we do per se for our case, but we are definitely hoping for more traction in the days to come. 
Well 
firstly, can you please provide geographical revenue bifurcation that will make 
it easy to 
understand the geographical landscape we are working on? 
Point noted. Probably, we will see how we can incorporate that information. 
And just last question that can you please give some guidance on the margin levels we are focusing to 
achieve because project Butterfly has created wonders for the company. Well that can be seen in the 
results, but what further can we expect on the margin side? 
So with bringing 
in the new head of delivery, we have added 
a 
lot of tools internally, industry- 
renowned tools like JIRA, CRM, a better HRMS etc., to give us that kind of visibility into utilization 
metrics, efficiency metrics, productivity metrics, etc. So given that now we have gotten on to this path, 
lam positive that when we have this conversation next year, it will have a decent impact at the end 
of it, how much revenue margin we generate. 
And the last thing that the current focus of ours 
is corely on CRM or are they doing some other 
activities too like for the Data and Cloud part? 
So we don't really do much on this CRM space per se for customer communications, 
if you are 
referring, then yes, that is a big space for us. Data is another big space for us. And so in data also, we 
focused predominantly around data management, data quality, data remediation, standardization 
enrichment like these spaces is what we operate on and data migration. We have done engagements 
where we have migrated data from on-premise systems to cloud, cloud based environments, etc. So 
we do that kind of work in data and the communication space we are anyway strong. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Ahuja from HG Hawa. Please go ahead. 
My question was with respect to the CAGR growth in revenue, which 
| am seeing is a jump from Rs. 
32 crore to almost ATM of Rs. 120 crore. That is a four-fold rise in revenue. But the PAT has increased 
from Rs. 6 crore to Rs. 14 crore like the revenue is growing, but not equivalent the PAT is not growing 
and other question was with respect to the fluctuation in the cash flow, so can you put some color on 
it? 
Just to reiterate the numbers that you have stated, for the half year ended, our number for the last 
financial year stood at Rs. 56 crore, which has increased to Rs. 81 crore. That is the increase in the 
topline. 
Sorry to interrupt, 
| am talking about the last 10-12 years, the CAGR of revenue is good, but the CAGR 
of profit is not good? 
That is a very broad question to answer in terms of timeline because 10-12 years would encompass 3 
different business cycles and we are as a company, we have also evolved as a company wherein we 
used to primarily deal with CCM with licensing and ANC at some point of time to bringing in new 
platforms in early 2019-2022 where we are today wherein we are focusing on managed services and 
trying to come up with transaction based business model. So what 
| can definitely tell you is that at 
this point of time, the objective of the company is to improve customer stickiness so that we are able 
to provide the services, improve our stickiness to them and the cost optimization is internal part of it. 
And we are very confident of optimizing cost as we progress along our journey. 
And what 
| would also like to add is, 
if you look at maybe 5-10 years ago, we didn't really have the 
appetite to invest in sales and marketing versus today, we actively invest very heavily in sales and 
marketing both, so some of the margin shrinking that you are seeing is also because we are now our 
risk appetite to invest in growth has increased as opposed to earlier. 
Page 9 of 13

Inlos” 
Amit Ahuja 
Nitin Sarda 
Moderator 
Marut Shah 
Nitin Sarda 
Marut Shah 
Anisha Shastri 
Marut Shah 
C. K. Shastri 
Marut Shah 
Nitin Sarda 
Marut Shah 
Nitin Sarda 
Intense Technologies Limited 
6" November 2024 
And the other question was with respect to the fluctuations in cash flow? 
So froma cash flow standpoint, our liquidity remains strong and stable for the first quarter ended, our 
cash flow liquidity base stood at Rs. 60 crore as against Rs. 63 crore for the September quarter. So 
from our liquidity standpoint, we are pretty stable, but yes, now as we on board lot of customers from 
different industries and particularly with government, there is always an element of delays in terms 
of being able to execute for reasons beyond our control, but we have formulated a very strong risk 
assessment and risk mitigation strategies so as to not really impact those at material levels. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of ___47.08__ Marut Shah, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
In the first half, we achieved around 
Rs. 81 crore. 
| want to ask how much of that 
is from the 
government sector and is that contribution onetime or it has some perpectual element like AMC etc.? 
So from a revenue composition standpoint, from a government as well, we have different segments 
within the government, we have PSU's, we have urban local bodies and then we also work with some 
other state governments directly, but 25% of our revenue would be a good percentage, probably 
would be a better representative of our revenues coming from government segments. In terms of the 
recurring aspect of that revenue, yes, the contract that we have entered into our multiyear contract, 
so once we have implemented, our solution 
will continue 
to be there. There 
will 
be services 
surrounding it, there will be AMC's revenue surrounding it. So that will continue to approve. But yes, 
in terms of amount, it might be a little low and it is just not that. It also gives us an opportunity since 
we have established that credibility of being able to deliver those projects at such scale there will be 
repeat contracts that we expect to come to Intense. So that would also be an element besides the 
new business that we are gunning for. 
Follow up question 
to that 
like going forward, are we thinking 
of increasing the share 
of the 
government business, in what line we are thinking about? 
We are investing equally heavily in government as well as BFSI vertical. 
No, why 
| am asking is because the government sector, the invoicing and the payment realization takes 
time and it hits the cash flow numbers. So that is what 
| am trying to do is like going forward will this 
share will increase, the government share? 
It is a good question, sir. We are balancing it very well between the PSUs, government and the private 
sector, which we really look at it. Some of the opportunities which today that Government of India 
and other governments are the biggest, largest vendors of money in the IT, just the income tax alone 
is Rs. 4,500 crore project. Similarly, if you look at large projects like Passport and all of those, they are 
run into thousands of crore given to TTS and 
all of them. So they spend ability 
is good and the 
payments are also not that very bad. We are very choosy about these things. That is what Nitin was 
mentioning that the 
risk assessment has done, due diligence 
has done thoroughly before we 
participate in any of these deals. 
| 
have one clarification from 
Nitin, 
like 
in the opening remarks, 
he said something about the 
receivables and it was built in September and some of the portion got realized in October. Can you 
repeat that part? 
So basically, our receivable for as such if you look at our September financial results stands at around 
Rs. 77 crore, 40% of it we have realized in October, in month of October and from our sales that were 
there in H1 outstanding is around Rs. 48 crore. So our DSO is range bound to 100 and 120 days is what 
we had stated earlier. 
So 40% we have realized in this quarter like? 
In October. 
Page 
10 of 13

Inlos” 
Moderator 
Pratik Dedhia 
Anisha Shastri 
Pratik Dedhia 
Nitin Sarda 
Anisha Shastri 
Pratik Dedhia 
Anisha Shastri 
Pratik Dedhia 
Anisha Shastri 
Pratik Dedhia 
Nitin Sarda 
Intense Technologies Limited 
6" November 2024 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Pratik Dedhia, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Sir, 
| wanted to check in terms of H2, what are your primary growth drivers? So 
| believe in terms of 
focus area, 
it should be government PSU’s, but any specific other areas that you could throw light, 
which probably could have been you working on doing the first half and then probably could realize 
in the second-half? 
In fact, government PSUs 
is one aspect of it. Our core continues to remain BFSI, so a lot of sales 
bandwidth, marketing bandwidth, etc., we spend on the BFSI sector. So our focus would be around 
improving our wallet share from our existing customers, trying to upsell cross sell new thing to them, 
so that we are able to provide more value to them as a vendor, they can depend on without having to 
go multiple places. That would continue to be our core focus and the rest of the green shoot as well. 
And probably in terms of lumpiness, is there any lumpiness in terms of revenue or cost that you would 
have realized during the first half which could probably normalize during the second-half this year? 
Earlier, we used to have Q4 heavy quarter. So this is something that we have proactively negotiated 
contract where we are able to recognize revenue across the quarter rather than recognizing at once 
in Q4. So we don't expect that lumpiness to be there in the current financial year. 
Even our accounting for that matter expenses also we used to accrue a lot of expenses to Q4 and we 
received a lot of feedback from multiple investors like yourself and we worked consciously on that to 
ensure that we also budget for our expenses across quarters, whether it is incentive, variable payout, 
whatever it may be, right, so we are trying to see that we remove the lumpiness as much as possible. 
And the other question 
| had in terms of project Butterfly, so in terms of these pending part of it, can 
you throw some color where we are? How much is it pending and overall yes, the numbers do reflect 
in terms of the margin improvement and scale, but from your perspective how satisfied you have been 
in terms of the project execution and what lies? 
Your first part, did you mean spending or pending? 
Yes, both spending and in terms of any pending activities on the particular? 
So our spends that we were focusing on were only around sales and we will continue to invest in sales 
even in this quarter. Even with your sales strength, you don't necessarily always get lucky in the first 
attempt, in fact, our founder keeps mentioning that, a senior reputed sales leader had once told him 
that if he wanted one good salesperson, he would hire 5 before he found that one good salesperson. 
So we will continue to invest in sales until we are satisfied with the kind of the strength and forces 
which we can go and approach the market. And that is the only area of spend really. All other spend 
very immaterial, like for instance, bringing in tools CRMs, and HRMS and project management tools, 
etc., these are not significant spend at all. And marketing 
is the other area where we consciously 
started spending more on events, on digital marketing, advertisements, 
etc., and that will also 
continue the way it is. As such, in terms of initiatives that are spending, 
| would say, we had started 
off with about 5 green shoots in mind. And maybe only three had actually taken off the way we would 
have hoped for them too. The other two, we found the markets are a little too crowded, a little too 
competitive in terms of prices and margins, etc as well. So we kind of pivoted out of wanting to 
continue to focus on those spaces and retargeted our efforts on the green shoots that are actually 
performing. 
And 
| have a follow up for Nitin. So in your opening remarks, you mentioned about incentives being 
given out on a quarterly basis, so wanted to check are these on the technical side or are these on sales 
or marketing efforts that have been achieved? 
Sales, predominantly on sales. 
Page 11 of 13

Inlos” 
Pratik Dedhia 
Nitin Sarda 
Anisha Shastri 
Pratik Dedhia 
Anisha Shastri 
Moderator 
Sumit Kothari 
Nitin Sarda 
C. K. Shastri 
Sumit Kothari 
Nitin Sarda 
Moderator 
Narayan Vyas 
Anisha Shastri 
Intense Technologies Limited 
6" November 2024 
And how do you see those incentives going ahead 
in terms of the second-half, do you see them 
normalizing or do you see them being in the same range going ahead? 
There are two aspects. One is the periodicity of payment, earlier the periodical payment that we used 
to do was on annual basis, but then we realized anyhow having it cost accrued and sitting in books. So 
there are two things, one is the payment that we do on a quarterly basis to our sales folk and in terms 
of our pipeline that we see we expect to continue the current momentum that we have gained in Q1 
and Q2. 
These measures were more focused on saying how you can improve motivation levels for sales folks. 
So when you incentivize on 
a regular basis, they also taste success, saves money, their hunger 
improved. That is kind of the direction. 
Just one last, how do you see that impacting in terms of the margins? So 
| know you are not providing 
any kind of guidance but some ballpark or some trajectory towards that? 
This is already factored into what we had budgeted for the year. There is no addition, 
| would say. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumit Kothari, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Nitin, our stock is in periodic call auction and do they know any reason why SEBI has put the stock in 
that and by when can we expect it to.... 
As a matter of fact, we have been, so basically, 
| will give you the framework that SEBI has put in place. 
Unfortunately, irrespective of your standing in the market that since Intense has been listed for more 
than 3 decades, right? We are dividend paying organization, so there is very little that we can do. We 
have been having discussions with the authorities, but see, 
it is more, not the most of the eligibility 
criteria is more on the volatile side of the price, it is more on the volume side of the price and we don't 
really have any control over 
it. So 
| can definitely assure you by saying that the reason we have 
categorized in ESM is because of the volatility of the price that it has witnessed in the last few weeks 
before 
it was put into that category rather than we remain completely fully compliant with all the 
regulations and there is no deviation from those standards. 
So to add to Nitin, Sumit, what we would want you also to help us is we have the marquee names, we 
do great work in technology, we helped large banks, reputed banks, reputed customers. 
If you see 
who’s who are the customer profile which we have. We have been paying dividends for the last 5 
years. We have deep pockets now to invest and grow in scale. Despite all these things, they say that 
this ESM rule is such that it can come out of it only if you cross Rs. 500 crore market cap, so this is 
chicken and egg story. 
| am planning to go to meet senior officials in the SEBI, but, however, 
if you 
have any suggestions to give reach us we are really welcome because it is a nuisance for all of us. 
Absolutely, because it brings some suspicion on the company why is it in ESM because you are doing 
so good, you are like net cash company having fantastic numbers and it is so surprising to see that 
start giving ESM and not only continuous trade, so sure, 
| will be in touch with you. Nitin, my second 
question is, 
| know we are not providing any guidance for revenue and 
| also know that there will not 
be too much of lumpiness in Q4, but would it be fair to say that second-half would be equal or better 
than first half? 
Yes, 
| can only say, it is safe to say that we will continue the momentum and if there is any upside, why 
not Sumit? 
Thank you. We will take the next question from Narayan Vyas, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
When 
| rejoined the queue for two questions, which 
| have, if 
| may ask, Nitin, can you please name 
some competitors in the BFSI and in government space? 
| will take that question Mr. Vyas. So across our platforms for different pieces of work that we do, we 
have different kinds of competitors like for instance in the communication management space, the 
Page 12 of 13

Inlos” 
Narayan Vyas 
Anisha Shastri 
Narayan Vyas 
Anisha Shastri 
Moderator 
Pratik Dedhia 
Nitin Sarda 
Moderator 
C. K. Shastri 
Moderator 
Intense Technologies Limited 
6" November 2024 
CCM space, we have competitors like Quadient, like Adobe, like NewGen. On the transmission front, 
we partner more with transmission service providers, 
so 
| wouldn't really share partners and 
competitors, it isa very commoditized world. On the data front, there are a lot of services companies 
that provide data services including the Big Four, EY and KPMG, etc., of the world as well. And on the 
low-code piece, there are a lot of American products like OutSystems, Mendix, Appian, etc., NewGen 
also has a low-code platform of their own. 
And what about the government space, we have some competition in that too here? 
In the government space, essentially you are competing with service providers essentially. 
| will reframe it correctly, like what 
| want to ask regarding the government parties, do we have any 
procedures and all for gaining the government orders like they open some auctions bid for that or we, 
| want to understand the procedure? 
Yes, 100%, all government contracts go through RFP procedures. You have to comply. They are either 
based on price or they are based on QCD, so based on a point system. So as long as you have a strong 
technical value proposition and your price is competitive, that is how you make the cut. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Dedhia, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
| just wanted to check in terms of the PSU or government contracts, so we see a lot of tech companies, 
as and when they win the order, providing those details on the exchanges, so wanted to check is there 
any confidentiality issue of you not putting it out or is there something else that 
| am missing out? 
So we do actually have some confidentiality NDAs that we sign up, because of which we refrain from 
putting out in the public domain. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. 
| would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, ma'am. 
Thank you very much. As always, it is a pleasure to talk to all of you and your critical inputs will enhance 
our approach to the market and all that and we really welcome any input even otherwise you can just 
drop our e-mail to us, we are always available. Thank you very much. 
Thank you, members of the Management. On behalf of Intense Technologies Limited, that concludes 
this conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
  
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility 
for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
Page 13 of 13
