 
 
 
 
21 November 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst / Investors Call (Regulation 30) 
 
Ref: “Vodafone Idea Limited” (IDEA / 532822) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
In terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of the Analyst / Investors Call held on              
14 November, 2024 relating to the Company’s performance for the second quarter and half 
year ended 30 September 2024. 
 
The same is also uploaded on Company’s Website: www.myvi.in 
 
The above is for your information and dissemination to the members. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Vodafone Idea Limited 
 
 
 
Pankaj Kapdeo 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
PANKAJ 
KAPDEO
Digitally signed 
by PANKAJ 
KAPDEO 
Date: 2024.11.21 
19:24:23 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
“Vodafone Idea Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings  
Conference Call” 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Vodafone Idea Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 23 
Moderator:  Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. This is Dorwin, the moderator for your 
Conference Call. Welcome to the Vodafone Idea Limited Earnings Conference Call for the Q2FY25. 
For the duration of this presentation, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. After the 
presentation, a question-and-answer session will be conducted. Should you need assistance 
during the conference, please signal an operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
We have with us today, Mr. Akshaya Moondra – CEO of Vodafone Idea Limited and Mr. Murthy 
GVAS – CFO of Vodafone Idea Limited, along with other key members of the Senior Management 
on this call.  
I want to thank the Management Team on behalf of all the participants for taking valuable time to 
be with us. Given that the senior management is on this conference call, participants are 
requested to focus on key strategic and important questions to make sure that we make good use 
of the senior management's time. I must remind you that the discussions on today's call may 
include certain forward-looking statements and must be viewed, therefore, in conjunction with 
the risks that the company faces.  
With this, I now hand the conference call over to Mr. Akshaya Moondra. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Akshaya Moondra: 
A very warm welcome to all participants to this Earnings Call. Yesterday, 
our Board of Directors adopted the Unaudited Results for the Quarter ending September 30, 2024. 
All the results-related documents are available on the website, and I hope you had a chance to go 
through the same. Let me provide key highlights for the quarter and insights on our strategic 
initiatives. Post this, I will hand over to Murthy to share details on the company's financial 
performance.  
Before I move on to company specific performance, let me share some thoughts on Indian 
telecom market and growth opportunities. In India, the need for connectivity is constantly 
increasing across sections of society whether we look at these sections in different Income 
brackets or Age brackets. The government's 'Digital India’ program aimed at transforming India 
into a digitally empowered society, has been a significant catalyst for telecom growth. The 
availability of low-cost smartphones has also significantly boosted telecom sector growth. The 

 
Vodafone Idea Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 23 
wireless broadband subscriber base has increased by 66 million between August 2023 and 
August 2024 – growth of around 8%. However, the overall broadband tele-density still remains 
below 65% and offers large opportunities.   
Indian wireless sector is at a crucial juncture. While on one side large investments are required 
to support the emergence of new technologies and explosive data growth, on the other side 
affordability of tariffs should be maintained to ensure connectivity to all sections of the society. 
This is possible when customers who are using more will pay more to enable the industry to 
generate reasonable ROCE on the large investments it has made. Hence, further tariff 
rationalization is needed for the industry to recover its cost of capital. 
Let me now talk about our strategic initiatives.  
Our first strategic initiative is our focused investment approach  
Our capex investments are gaining momentum post fund raise and in Q2FY25 we invested Rs. 
13.6 billion. We expect capex spends of Rs. 80billion in H2FY25. We have completed our quick 
win capex which aimed at capitalizing low hanging fruits while we were working towards closing 
our long term contracts during the quarter. Resultantly, our 4G data capacity has increased by 
approximately 14% and 4G population coverage increased by approximately 22 million from 1.03 
billion to 1.05 billion over last 6 months. During the quarter, we added almost 42,000 4G sites 
which is the largest ever addition of 4G sites in the Company in a quarter. We did significant 
network enhancement by deploying 4G on sub GHz 900 band across approximately 20,500 sites, 
including site expansion on recently acquired 900 MHz spectrum in some circles, thereby offering 
superior indoor network experience as also increased coverage. We also added approximately 
21,200 sites in the 1800 MHz and 2100 MHz bands mainly to increase the network capacity 
enabling customers to experience faster data speeds on Vi GIGAnet network. As a result, we have 
witnessed improvement in 4G data speeds by as much as 18% and consequent improvement in 
customer experience in the geographies where these rollouts have been completed.  
We are working on launching our 5G services, and we are committed to providing the best 
experience to our customers on whichever location and technology we are operating in. This 
commitment to customer experience is clearly reflected in the latest report from Opensignal on 
4G network experience, where Vi has emerged as the Best 4G network amongst 4G users, 
outrightly winning across all six experience categories in 4G nationally: Best  Download Speeds, 

 
Vodafone Idea Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 23 
Best  Upload Speeds, Best  Video Experience, Best  Live Video Experience, Best  Games Experience, 
and Best  Voice App Experience. This means Vi 4G users don’t just enjoy the fastest 4G speeds but 
also experience an overall superior quality of experience for everything they do online, whether 
it's  watching videos, live streaming, playing online games orvoice app calling. 
On the back of the extensive network expansion and upgrade, we rolled out one of India’s most 
hyperlocal campaigns to make consumers aware about the marked improvement that they’ll 
experience with our network.  
At the cost of repetition, I am pleased to share that in September, we concluded deals worth about 
Rs. 300 billion or USD3.6 billion with the three global partners, namely Nokia, Ericsson, and 
Samsung, for supply of network equipment over a period of three years. This is one of the key 
steps towards the rollout of the company's transformative three-year capex plan of Rs. 500 to 550 
billion.  
Post the conclusion of this mega deal, deployment has started in October 2024 and the Company 
has kick started its capex cycle. The 4G expansion is in progress and our target is to achieve 4G 
population coverage of 1.1 billion by March 2025 and 1.2 billion by September 2025. The rollout 
of 5G in key geographies will start in Q4FY25.  
Moving on to market initiatives  
Our recent tariff increase has aided our increase in ARPU as well as revenue growth. It will take a 
couple of quarters to witness the full impact of the tariff increase on ARPU and revenue. I would 
like to highlight that, in addition to blended ARPU, in view of the growing volume of M2M sims, 
we have disclosed our customer ARPU ex-M2M separately for this quarter. The difference 
between the two ARPUs is on account of M2M subscribers and revenues. Our customer ARPU ex 
M2M has increased by 7.8% QoQ. There is no tariff increase in the Enterprise post paid segment 
as well as M2M tariffs during the quarter. For postpaid, part of the price increase takes time to 
reflect in ARPU as price increase can be done only after 6 months for new postpaid customers and 
for existing post paid customers the impact of price increase is after 1 month notice. 
We registered a loss of 5.1 million subscribers with increased port outs to one operator which 
has not participated in the tariff hike. We have also seen a slight dip in our 4G/5G subscribers. 

 
Vodafone Idea Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 23 
However, basis the latest MNP data available till October, port-outs to this operator are declining 
post August.  
I am pleased to report that in the postpaid segment, we have been able to increase our customer 
base on QoQ as well as YoY basis. While a larger part of this increase is from M2M segment, we 
have seen consistent increase in retail postpaid customers over last one year, as we are providing 
optimum range of feature rich offerings to meet the diverse needs of postpaid customers. 
We offer a range of unmatched benefits to pre-paid as well as postpaid customers like offering 
‘Night Free Data’ and ‘Weekend Data Roll Over’ with our ‘Hero Unlimited’ plans for prepaid 
customers and a unique ‘Choose Your Benefit’ option under ‘Vi Max’ plans for our post-paid 
customers. We have received good response for Vi Guarantee program in the prepaid segment, a 
unique offer that provides 130GB of additional data to all 5G and new 4G handset customers. 
We also refreshed the offerings for our RED X Plan in postpaid which at a monthly rental of Rs. 
1,201 offers unlimited data for non-stop surfing, streaming, and connectivity in addition to 
complimentary offers like subscription to Netflix, Amazon Prime, Disney+Hostar, Sony Liv 
Premium, Sun NXT, EaseMyTrip benefits, airport lounge access, 7-day International Roaming 
pack, 3-month membership of SwiggyOne along with Priority customer service across all Vi 
touchpoints. Also, we offer the most comprehensive international roaming proposition to our 
consumers recognizing that different consumers have different needs. Vi is the only operator in 
the country to offer unlimited packs across a vast expanse of 29 countries that contributes to 
70% of the international roaming traffic. 
Our brand “Vi”, continues to garner good reception, building brand affinity across all customer 
segments in the country.  Our brand continued to get more recognition and accolades. Vi won at 
the prestigious London International awards, the Asia Pacific, and the SAMMIE awards for the 
Human Network testing Network campaign with the Dabbawalas along with winning at Cannes 
Lion awards, Spikes Asia, D&AD awards. Vi won the Best Social media brand – Telecom and for 
the Be someone’s we Campaign at SAMMIE awards 2024. Our Dabbawala’s campaign, Be 
Someone’s We Campaign and Postpaid Choose your benefits have won multiple awards at the 
ET Brand Equity Shark awards, DG+ awards, e4m India Marketing awards and AFAQS 
BrandStoryz awards. 
 

 
Vodafone Idea Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 23 
Moving on to Business services  
Our core strength also includes business services and enterprise sector, reinforced by our robust 
relationships with enterprise clients and diverse global expertise of the Vodafone Group. We are 
transforming our offerings from a Telco into a Techco, significantly expanding our enterprise 
solutions beyond our core connectivity offerings. This transformation includes advanced 
offerings such as hybrid SD-WAN, SIP, IoT, IIoT and cloud services. We continue to build the 
momentum by not only broadening our service portfolio but also actively collaborating with 
strategic partners to enhance the relevance and impact of our solutions for enterprise clients.  
We joined hands with digital payments giant PayU India to offer customized digital payment 
solutions to MSMEs. Under this partnership, digital solutions, including payment solutions, 
customized offers engine, buy-now-pay-later options and seamless WhatsApp integration are 
offered.  
We also entered into a partnership with US-based Genesys to transform contact centre operations 
and strengthen customer engagement and services. This collaboration marks Vi Business’s entry 
into the Contact Centre as a Service i.e. CCaaS sector.  
We have built a strategic partnership with Infinity Labs Ltd to introduce a Make-in-India SD-WAN 
solution as part of Hybrid SD-WAN portfolio. The collaboration enhances the existing SD WAN 
portfolio by integrating advanced AI-based security features, offering Indian enterprises a robust 
defence against the growing threat of cyber-attacks and demonstrating our commitment to offer 
indigenous technology & nurture. 
On the IoT front, all our Enterprise IoT customers have been migrated to IoT Smart Central, a 
comprehensive Connectivity Management Platform that manages SIM lifecycles, diagnostics, and 
billing needs—all from a single interface, addressing the evolving demands of the IoT market. 
Additionally, our IoT lab which serves as an ecosystem orchestrator aimed at creating an 
interoperable and standard IoT environment in the country, saw a lot of traction in the market 
with around 20 certificates issued to various IOT partners. 
Vi Business is also at the forefront of building cybersecurity, empowering organizations to thrive 
with confidence. This service gives access to: 

 
Vodafone Idea Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 23 
• 
Robust Threat Detection measures like Proactive monitoring and rapid response 
capabilities to identify and mitigate risks before they escalate. 
• 
End-to-End Protection through a holistic approach that secures infrastructure, 
applications, and user data across all platforms. 
• 
Expert Guidance by Our team of cybersecurity specialists who tailor solutions that meet 
unique needs, ensuring compliance and resilience. 
The next strategic initiative is driving partnerships and digital revenue streams  
Vi aims to be a truly integrated digital services provider with a very clear objective of driving 
higher digital engagement with our consumers and driving monetization through specific 
streams or by participating in select digital categories. Our stated strategy around this has been 
to build this through strategic partnerships and bring out most of these offerings on the Vi App. 
Vi App is a multi-utility app that offers not just end to end telco account management, but also 
allows consumers to play over 100 Games, participate in eSports tournaments, pay utility bills, 
shop across categories like entertainment, food, shopping and travel, or buy almost any OTT 
subscription, watch over 350 TV channels, and more.  
As discussed in the previous Earnings Call, we have launched Vi Movies & TV in an all new avatar 
with all new apps for mobile on both, Android & IOS as well as for TV across almost all major 
operating systems. It is an offering, mainly for Connected TV wherein our subscriber can buy a 
subscription plan to get access to host of their favourite OTTs like Disney+ Hotstar, SonyLiv, Zee5, 
SunNxt, just like the way we have been buying DTH plans for TV channels. All Vi Movies & TV 
plans are also bundled with loads of data for allowing our consumers to watch freely without 
worrying about their data getting over. We have a very strong roadmap to build Vi Movies & TV 
as a destination of choice for our consumers when it comes to their TV entertainment.  
In addition to mobility & content, to complete the ‘converged’ offering, we have ‘Vi One’ - a 
converged proposition offering broadband + mobility + OTT under one plan in 3 circles - 
Mumbai, Gujarat and Maharashtra. In July, we signed a strategic partnership with Asianet, a 
leading broadband player in Kerala, and launched Vi One additionally across entire Kerala – one 
of Vi’s leadership markets. We would be expanding this to other important markets as well 

 
Vodafone Idea Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 23 
going forward. This all-in-one bundle is designed to offer consumers exceptional value, 
convenience, and a seamless experience, addressing the growing demand for high-speed 
internet, reliable mobile connectivity, and OTT entertainment. 
I would like to reiterate that we will continue to have a disproportionate focus to build a digital 
ecosystem with our partners, enabling a differentiated experience for Vi users, which will help us 
drive customer stickiness as well as provide incremental monetization opportunities.   
Moving on to other important topic of debt raise 
We remain actively engaged with our lenders for tying up debt funding towards the execution of 
our long term network expansion. I am personally involved in these discussions alongwith the 
promoters. Post equity funding via FPO and Preferential issuance to one promoter group, we have 
cash and bank balance of Rs. 136.2 billion which is more than sufficient to execute our balance 
capex plans for H2FY25 of Rs. 80 billion. 
On the AGR matter, the Honorable Supreme Court has dismissed the curative petition filed by 
telecom companies. We addressed this topic in detail in the investor call held on September 23. 
The Government remains unequivocally supportive of 3 private player market and we are 
engaged with them in finding a solution 
Let me now talk about recently concluded India Mobile Congress. This year’s IMC theme ‘The 
Future is Now’ resonates deeply with our emphasis to deliver immediate, technology-driven 
solutions that are solving today’s challenges and designed to make an immediate impact. Our 
show themed 'Future is Live' highlighted how we are transforming the way businesses and people 
live, work, and connect with advanced technologies. 
We showcased Industry 4.0 solutions by integrating 5G, IoT, AI, and ML to connect human and 
non-human assets, digitise processes, and enable real-time monitoring. This was demonstrated 
through a fabricated Smart Mine with multiple use cases depicting real-time monitoring of 
worksites, rapid response during emergencies, smart wearables and safety management. We also 
exhibited ‘Ready for Next’ initiative for MSMEs, along with AI powered hybrid SD-WAN, CPaaS 
and CCaaS solutions. We showcased our comprehensive mobile gaming platform – Vi Games 
through first ever grassroots eSports tournament ‘Vi Game to Fame’. We had also set up a state-
of-the-art 360-degree immersive dome that transports the audiences into a different world, 

 
Vodafone Idea Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 23 
bringing to life the power of technology that can make people experience places or events. 
Further, we had music bands performing LIVE at the IMC where some of the band members were 
at the Vi IMC booth and others were remotely connected over Vi’s low latency, high speed 
network, and creating music in complete sync, showing how connectivity can enable the creators 
and the artists virtual ecosystem. 
Our solutions showcased at the IMC were designed to make a real-world impact and reflect our 
commitment to bring the future to life right now by creating a more connected, efficient world for 
all. 
With that, I handover to Murthy who will share the financial highlights for the quarter. 
Murthy GVAS: Thank you, Akshaya. A warm welcome to each of you. 
The revenues for the quarter stood at Rs. 109.3 billion, a growth of 4% versus last quarter. More 
importantly, the customer revenues for the quarter grew by 5.6% versus last quarter, driven by 
price increases effective from July 4th this year.  
The EBITDA excluding Ind AS 116 for a quarter was at Rs. 23.2 billion, improving by 10.5% on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis. This is the highest quarterly EBITDA since merger and the margin has 
improved to 21.3%. The reported EBITDA including Ind AS 116 stood at Rs. 45.5 billion as 
compared to Rs. 42 billion in Q1FY25, a quarter-on-quarter growth of 8.2%. The reported EBITDA 
margin improved to 41.6%.  
Further, depreciation and amortization expenses and net finance costs for the quarter were Rs. 
54 billion and Rs. 63.1 billion respectively. Excluding the impact of Ind AS 116, the depreciation 
and amortization expenses and net finance costs for the quarter were Rs. 39.4 billion and Rs. 51.1 
billion respectively.  
The finance costs for the previous quarter were lower due to the reversal effects arising out of 
the subsequent revenue share license fee, a judgment of the Supreme Court and the reversal of 
interest provision basis of settlement with some vendors. Due to the above and due to the Forex 
mark-to-market accrual impacts, the reported finance cost in this quarter is higher when 
compared to the previous quarter. The PAT loss this quarter hence stands at Rs. 71.8 billion.  

 
Vodafone Idea Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 23 
The debt from banks stood at Rs. 32.7 billion versus 78.3 billion at Q2FY24, a reduction of Rs. 45.8 
billion during the last one year. The cash and bank balances stood at Rs. 136.2 billion as of 
September 38, 2024. The deferred spectrum obligations stood at Rs. 1,419.4 billion and the AGR 
liability at Rs. 703.2 billion totaling to Rs. 22.6 billion as of September 38, 2024.  
With this, I hand over the call back to Dorwin and open the floor for questions.  
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have 
the first question from the line of Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead.  
Sanjesh Jain: This quarter, we had this tariff increase. I agree that there was a decent ARPU 
growth of 7.6% quarter-on-quarter on the customer basis. But the subscriber continues to 
decline. When do you think that we will stop the customer losses and by when do you think with 
this 80 billion of capex plan, we should be trending into a positive territory?  
Akshaya Moondra: Thanks, Sanjesh, for your question. I had mentioned a little bit in my opening 
remarks that we had first incurred the quick win capex, which has given us a result of a 14% 
increase in capacity and 22 million in coverage. Of course, that was just the start of quick-win, 
which could be deployed quickly. And as you have yourself mentioned in the guidance we gave 
that we are looking at putting in a capex of about 80 billion in the second half of the year.  
Now, it is difficult to predict a timeline as to when this will start turning around in terms of loss 
of subscribers. But definitely we can see that with the investments that we have made, some of 
the improvements are obvious, although at this point of time, they do not convert to increase in 
revenues or reducing the loss of subscribers.  
As we make these investments, which will be based on new supplies ,the impact of which will be 
more pronounced with us coming out of some of the subscriber losses in the quarter which is the 
impact of the tariff increase, my gut feel would be that by the end of this financial year, we should 
have turned around the trajectory.  
But this is just an expectation. I don't think it is possible to give you an exact timeline on when 
this could turn around. But our effort is now to start leveraging the benefit of the investments 
which have been there on the ground for some time, and also the larger investment which is now 
going to come in the second half of the year.  

 
Vodafone Idea Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 23 
Sanjesh Jain: A related question there is that we did the largest 4G expansion of 42,000 towers, 
and a decent amount of them came in a better coverage spectrum which is 900. And yet we have 
lost 4G customers in this quarter. Now, how does this carry? Is it more of a SIM consolidation or 
do you think there was an initial move towards BSNL which has stopped? How do you see this 
one? 
Akshaya Moondra: So, actually two things. One is as happens following any price increase, the 
overall number of subscribers do contract, which has also happened this time. However, this time 
we have had an additional factor that a significant number of customers have gone to BSNL and 
they have been a beneficiary this time, which has not happened in the past. And that has also been 
compounded by the seasonality factor because this quarter is seasonally a weak quarter.  
Now if we look at all those things, I would say that the impact of SIM consolidation, I have always 
maintained that with every price increase, the SIM consolidation, what is left to be consolidated 
is less and less. That impact, although it is there, but it is not as pronounced as it has been in the 
past.  
However, the impact of BSNL has been there in this quarter. We have seen that impact reversing 
quite quickly from August to September, from September to October and from October to 
November. And  in some ways we are inching towards the position which was there before the 
tariff increase. But yes, some loss which has happened during this period will still take some time 
to unwind, and we believe it will happen based on customer experience because there is definitely 
a differential in experience for a customer who is a high user of either data or voice.  
So, I would say that the quarter gone by represents a quarter which is a normal impact post the 
tariff increase and as you would have seen, if you just look at the delta of what the subscriber 
trend was Q4 to Q1, everybody has seen a much more pronounced decline on those past trends 
in Q2.  
So, this is across the board, and we do expect that some of these trends would start turning around 
with the seasonality coming back with some people who adjust their consumption or usage to the 
increased price points or basis the increased price temporarily before they come back to their 
original usage pattern and of course the impact of BSNL reducing as we go ahead. And we should 
see a reversal of this trend, but it will take some time.  

 
Vodafone Idea Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 23 
Sanjesh Jain: On a follow-up here, Akshaya, that we have not seen material difference in the 
usage pattern for the peers which is the data group particularly while for us the data growth and 
the data usage per subscriber has also fallen, I thought we have expanded the network that should 
have benefited us, right? What explains this difference? 
Akshaya Moondra: One of the things is that, there is reduction in this quarter for everyone. To 
your saying that ours is more pronounced, one of the major reasons is that the consumption of 
data on 5G network increased as the number of people who are using 5G data on competitors' 
network is increasing, and there is a lot of free data available on 5Gas that data is not subject to 
any limitation You can use as much as you want. So, the consumption will be higher compared to 
normal usage.  
Secondly, as we know that for streaming, for the same kind of usage pattern, subscribers will see 
a higher level of consumption on 5G. So, I would think that is the main reason for that difference. 
Otherwise, I cannot see any other reason why despite the decline being there for everyone or I 
mean, at least there is some impact on everyone, it is more pronounced for us. 
Sanjesh Jain: And on the matters of waiver on BG and AGR resolution, the amounts which are 
coming for repayment in CY '25, where are we in discussion with the government on each of these 
three matters?  
Akshaya Moondra: As far as the amounts which are coming up for payment, there is no specific 
engagement in the sense that the reforms package already provides for some conversion to the 
extent there is a shortfall in our ability to pay. So, there is no specific discussion because that is 
already provided for in the reforms package.  
As far as the support of the government on the AGR matter is concerned, we had mentioned on 
the earlier call also that once the curative petition has been dismissed, we have engaged with the 
government to support. Because as I had mentioned in the past, the curative petition was never 
taken up for merit. It was just rejected based on a technicality that it did not qualify for the criteria 
specified for curative petition. So, now we are engaged with the government. We have had 
multiple meetings and we are quite hopeful that the government remains committed to having 
three competitive private players. And I believe they recognize that while the court has not 
provided any relief, the merits on which the curative petition was filed is good. And we are 

 
Vodafone Idea Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 23 
engaged with the government to provide us support because the court has decided not to admit 
the curative petition.  
Moderator: Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Vivekanand Subbaraman from 
Ambit Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
Vivekanand Subbaraman: Extending Sanjesh's question on the BG waiver discussions, how 
important is it for you to secure a BG waiver or get legislative relief on the AGR amounts to raise 
debt funding? And from your vantage point, currently how long do you think it will take for you 
to tap into debt funding and any more color you can provide on the debt fundraising? That will be 
great. So, that's question one.  
Secondly, last time you had mentioned a certain impact in terms of the percentage of tariff hike, I 
mean, the tariff hike percolating into a certain percentage ARPU increase. I believe it was 11% to 
14%. Do you stand by that or is there any deviation after seeing the consumer behavior 
downgrades to or rather port outs to BSNL and any timelines there in terms of recognizing the 
full benefits of the prior tariff hike or July tariff hike, and also thoughts on how we should think 
about subsequent tariff hikes plus correcting the tariff structure to get high data consumers to 
pay more money than the light data users?  
Akshaya Moondra: Let me address your second question first. On the question of tarrif hikes, I 
remember that we have indicated a certain range that price increase was about, let's say, 16% on 
a blended basis between prepaid and postpaid. And what we have seen as an ARPU increase is 
7.8% quarter-on-quarter.  
I may also indicate that this is an average growth of ARPU quarter-on-quarter. Our exit ARPU 
increase over the June quarter is north of 10%. So, really speaking, that is the extent to which 
price increase is realized. From that level to the fact that the revenue has grown less, that is a 
function of subscriber loss. That is one part.  
Another part also to understand is that if we tried to see that the weighted average of the prepaid 
and postpaid price increase was, let's say, about 16%. And against that, we have seen an ARPU 
increase of 7.8%. This has delta of around, let's say 8%. And the major components of that delta 
is that in some components of the overall revenue, there is no price increase. Some of the 

 
Vodafone Idea Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 23 
components which constitute the ARPU that we are reporting, which is the enterprise segment, 
the M2M segment, where there is and also in some of the government segment, there is no price 
increase. So, that is one part which is not contributing to the revenue or ARPU growth.  
Secondly, as happens with such price increases is that some of the customers are sticking to the 
old price points, and they have not upgraded their consumption by paying a higher amount. This 
thing happens more initially, and some of the customers return back to their level.  
And third is that some customers, they are still not come to a point of renewal for the customers 
who are on longer validity. Some of the customers had bought long validity packs just after the 
price increase announcement and before it becoming effective. And as you know, in postpaid base, 
price hike happens over a slightly prolonged period of time.  
These are broadly the reconciliations between the 16% theoretical price increase and actual 8% 
ARPU increase, which we have seen. Does that answer your second question? Then I will go to the 
first one.  
Vivekanand Subbaraman: Sure. There are two follow-ups here. One, you said 16% blended 
price increase. So, does it mean that by the end of fiscal '25, you will be 16% higher on ARPU 
versus the June '24 ARPU levels?  
Akshaya Moondra: So, let's say about 3%- 3.5%, is the segment where there is no price increase 
and that will get discounted from the 16% that we are talking about. That is the balance target if 
everything was perfect. We are leaving aside the subscriber loss because that doesn't impact the 
ARPU. So, the downgrades of consumption, that we will have to see how much of it comes back.  
Of course, the balance impact, which has not yet happened, that will happen. So, the balance 
impact, which is not yet reflected, that will be a positive reversal from people who have 
downgraded their consumption. That will be a little positive. And there will be a further trickle of 
the churn because of the tariff increase when some of these subscribers come up for renewal. 
That would be a negative. But in about 16%, out of that about 3-3.5% where tariff increases don't 
happen at all, that will not be realized.  
Vivekanand Subbaraman: And just brief comments on how you look at the environment right 
now and when we can expect another tariff hike. And of course, the issue that you mentioned in 

 
Vodafone Idea Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 23 
the beginning of the call, the industry tariff structure being distorted and those users who heavily 
consume data aren't paying their fair share. How to think about these two things?  
Akshaya Moondra: I do not have a direct answer to this. the way I described it is that one point 
of time you could be a subscriber and keep on receiving incoming calls and all at a zero price and 
now that minimum participation price has gone to a level of, let's say, Rs. 190, Rs. 200 for the 
industry. There are some discounted pricing plans, but they are for a very few numbers of 
subscribers. As opposed to that the higher ARPU customers who were, let's say, north of 2,000, 
3,000, their needs can be filled with 500.  
Going forward, while tariff increases are required and they will happen, I don't think there is too 
much of room to increase the tariff at the entry level. That then by implication means that the 
tariffs have to increase more at the higher consumption levels. One of the ways this will manifest 
itself is that probably you will see and which was also bit at this time that at the entry level the 
tariff increase was about 10% whereas at the higher levels or higher price levels, it was more 
pronounced or, let's say, in some cases as much as 20%. This differential was reflected in the last 
price increase., This differential will go up and, in some way, take that principle which I was 
talking about.  
Secondly, I would say that once 5G consumption is increasing and 5G consumption starts getting 
metered and charged, that itself will provide some opportunities that higher consumption you 
can charge higher. So, this is a structural correction, cannot be done in a short period of time, will 
require the industry to think alike.  
I believe this is the need of time because it is quite clear that at the entry level, the room for price 
increase at this point of time is not very much but definitely, the affordability and the ability to 
pay at higher levels of consumption exists. It is basically for the industry to rationalize that 
charging mechanism to bring it in line with what is true for any industry that you have a telescopic 
pricing, but as you use more and more, you are actually paying the differential is significant and 
it is not step-by-step pricing as we have today.  
So, shall I move on to your first question?  

 
Vodafone Idea Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 23 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: My questions on the ARPU are addressed. Thank you so much. If you 
can address my queries on debt fundraising, the linkage to BG waivers and legislative action on 
rationalizing the AGR amounts. 
Akshaya Moondra:  There are two things. As far as the BG waiver is concerned, let's say, that the 
government has already done away with the requirements of guarantees for the future auctions. 
Also the guarantees were returned for the earlier auctions and they are kind of the as per the 
regulation as it stands now, there is a reinstatement.  
One of our representations to the government is that if it has been done away for future auctions, 
then why do we really need to keep it for past auctions? It should be done away as rational for 
doing away with the bank guarantees should be the same.  
In reality, the way it impacts us is that we are seeking a certain facility from the banks, and if we 
are going to seek the bank guarantee facility, it will reduce our ability to get debt funding. So, it is 
very clear that bank guarantee is something which the banks themselves will not be very willing 
to offer. We are trying to get debt funding, which will go towards making investments, which will 
help in improving our performance and then improving our cash generation. Bank guarantees 
will not have that result. So, in the first place, the bank guarantees that are being talked about, 
that is, not possible to get.  
Also it is not as if against that spectrum nothing has been paid as large amounts have been paid 
against the earlier auctions and there is a payment schedule. So, everything taken into account 
together, bank guarantee is something where we have requested the government, and we believe 
the rationale is understood and it is an industry request also. It's not only VIL request. The entire 
industry has requested that the bank guarantees should be done away with. So, that is where we 
are on the question of bank guarantees. 
As far as the debt funding is concerned, as I said, we have been engaged with the banks. Our 
promoters are also, I mean, I along with my promoters are engaged with the banks. Those 
discussions are on. Probably post the curative petition, everybody is in a bit of a wait and watch 
situation to see that how things are evolving, and so these things will move together, the 
engagement with the government on AGR and the banking discussions.  

 
Vodafone Idea Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 23 
Although I must clarify, which I had done in my earlier call also, that any reduction in the AGR 
liability was not a part of our business plan submitted to the banks on the basis of which a TEV 
report was done by an external agency and submitted to the banks. So, it is not a part of this, but 
as any interested party, the lenders are also looking at what is happening on the AGR matter 
although it was not a part of our business plan.  
So, we are engaged, and I think we should be able to close once some clarity emerges as to what 
is happening on the AGR side.  
Vivekanand Subbaraman: Is there any plan B that you have in case the government isn't able to 
relent on the AGR front for whatever reason?  
Akshaya Moondra: The point is that we are engaged with the government. I would not want to 
comment much on that. As I said, a conversion is already provided for in the reforms package, but 
our belief is that there was significant merit in what we had asked in the curative petition, and 
until now since the curative petition was in the courts, those merits we had not taken to the 
government because the expectation was that it would get addressed through the judicial rule. 
Since that has not happened, we are engaging with the government, and rather than talking about 
plan B, our position is that this needs to be addressed just on a basis of fairness and what is right 
for the industry.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Handa from Citigroup. 
Please go ahead.  
Saurabh Handa: It's kind of just a follow up on the previous question. So, just on the bank 
funding, if the banks are actually seeking some sort of clarity on the AGR matter, then is it fair to 
assume that this process can take a while? Because the way I look at it, there is no real urgency at 
this point because your AGR dues start becoming payable only after whatever, 10-11 months, in 
fact even beyond that, the moratorium isn't placed till September.  
Akshaya Moondra: March 26. 
Saurabh Handa:  Yes, March 26 is AGR, your spectrum payments start coming in before that. So, 
this thing can be a bit of a protracted issue. Is that a possibility? And the second thing is, I mean, 
if the TEV had already sort of given a clean chit even without a favorable resolution to the AGR 

 
Vodafone Idea Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 23 
matter, then why are things getting further delayed? And there have also been some public 
statements made by some financial institutions saying that we will not provide lending. So, I 
mean, how does one view some of those? Is it that these banks are basically looking for something 
from the government? I mean, just some for the color would just help, and any sort of possible 
timelines? I know it's a hard one, but still.  
Akshaya Moondra: No, I can't give you a timeline. I can only say that till the time this curative 
petition was dismissed, things were progressing as we had expected. there is a general sense or 
belief that if curative petition has been dismissed, is the government supportive or not? People 
try to put the two together, which is not the fact. But that is what the normal perception builds 
up. it's not related as to what the government does on AGR, but everybody is seeing that since the 
engagement is on, what is happening in that direction.  
It is not linked that what happens there and then basis that the bank funding will happen and we 
are in discussion with the banks, but probably it will take a while to get some clarity on because 
post the curative dismissal, we have engaged with the government. We are also waiting for some 
response and clarity on the subject.  
And it's a question of getting clarity and then how should the business be viewed? Is there some 
relief, which is going to be there, or no relief going to be there? Just some that clarity will be helpful 
to take anything forward. So, it is more about clarity rather than what happens with this.  
Saurabh Handa: So, for now, I mean, given that you are well funded for at least your next year, 
year-and-a-half of capex, so it's sort of just business as usual and these discussions with banks 
will be and the government will be sort of simultaneous.  
Akshaya Moondra: Yes, these are simultaneous, and not that if we have funding available, we are 
not progressing fast on these. It is important that we close these matters as quickly as possible. 
And that is where, as I said, I am myself engaged and the promoters are also engaged. And we 
should find a quick closure to this, not that if we don't need immediate funding because we have 
equity funding available for capex, that's not the basis of any actions that we need to take is all 
that I would say. It is being handled on top priority. And we should see progress coming in that 
direction also, but it's difficult to give a timeline given the nature of these discussions.  

 
Vodafone Idea Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 23 
Saurabh Handa: And just my second question was on the conversion of dues to equity. Now, I 
mean, I noticed that you have added this to your notes to accounts as well that this is permitted 
under the telecom relief package. Was this a requirement from the auditors or why has this 
actually come into the notes to accounts or is it just...? 
Akshaya Moondra: It's in the interest of disclosures given the fact that where our cash 
generation is today and post the moratorium, which is expiring in the next 12 months , you make 
this assessment. So, it is an important thing and given that the moratorium expires in the next 12 
months, it was considered prudent to make this disclosure.  
So, that disclosure has been made in notes to financial statements, but we have alluded on that 
point even on some of our earlier earnings calls in addressing those questions. So, in terms of our 
communication, we have communicated that in the past also but given that the moratorium 
expires in the next 12 months, we have also thought it prudent that it should be disclosed in the 
financial statements also.  
Saurabh Handa: So, once the moratorium ends, is it fair to assume that, I mean, a default situation 
would be that the government converts dues to equity because it's something which has already 
been approved by the Cabinet in the past. So, it won't really have to go through further rounds of 
government approvals, et cetera? 
Akshaya Moondra: Yes, anything, any request, it will go through the process or approval based 
on the guidelines provided, but it was approved by the Cabinet in the past and has been publicly 
disclosed. It doesn't need a Cabinet approval is my understanding, but whatever internal 
departmental approvals are required for any request which comes from anyone within the 
framework, those approvals will be required.  
But on the whole, as emphasized in the past, this was expected that this will be required. And that 
is the reason when the reforms package was announced in 2021, they have provided it upfront 
that post the moratorium which expires after four years, conversion will happen if there is a need. 
Otherwise, there was no need to put this in the reforms package for what would happen four 
years in advance. So, definitely that is the intent of the reforms package. And conversion will 
happen to the extent of shortfall of payment between whatever we can pay and what is the 
requirement of payment.  

 
Vodafone Idea Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 20 of 23 
Moderator: Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Gaurav Malhotra from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Gaurav Malhotra: I just had some follow-up questions on the bank guarantee. So, one is that, you 
know, what I heard is that the debt raise is somehow sort of connected to the bank guarantee 
issue to be resolved. That's one.  
And secondly, in terms of these bank guarantees obviously also have a cost associated. Is that cost 
meaningful from your perspective? And how much is the quantum of bank guarantees that you 
are talking about?  
Akshaya Moondra: The quantum of bank guarantees is disclosed in our financials i.e. about 
24,000 crores over a period of one year. So, that is the first figure to be given. In our plan of things, 
we have not considered provision of bank guarantee as a part of a plan because from a bank's 
point of view, whether it is a bank guarantee or a debt funding, the facility has to come from the 
banks.  
If it is a bank guarantee, the bank guarantee commission is a nominal cost, but the main thing is 
it is exposure for the banks. And if banks were to provide that facility, which will then not really 
benefit anything in terms of improvement in operations or cash generation, I don't think banks 
will be willing to provide the bank guarantee. They are happy to provide the debt funding because 
that is what will help in turning around the business. So, in our plan of things, bank guarantee 
provision is not factored in at all. We have just considered debt funding.  
Gaurav Malhotra: And where are we in the process? Obviously, we read what the minister has 
also mentioned, but where are we in terms of trying to resolve this bank guarantee issue?  
Akshaya Moondra: It is with the government. They have to decide. We have made whatever 
presentations we have to make. So, whatever we had to do has been done. We are awaiting a final 
decision from the government.  
Moderator: Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Vivekanand Subbaraman from 
Ambit Private Limited. Please go ahead.  

 
Vodafone Idea Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 21 of 23 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: I had a question on the proposal that the COAI and the industry 
participants had shared with the government on the big tech companies, especially those which 
account for disproportionate share of the network traffic to also be roped in to partially fund the 
capex that telcos are incurring to upgrade networks.  
My question is how is the government thinking about this matter? And if you could give us some 
insights into the polarity of traffic that is currently there by, let's say, the top two and three digital 
gateways or ecosystems and why you believe that this issue can perhaps lead to some alleviation 
of stress for the telecom industry?  
Akshaya Moondra: There have been engagements with the government, but what is the 
government's view on it is best for them to respond. I will not be able to give you any response 
there. You are asking about the traffic quantum but I will not be able to give you any data. 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: 
Just rough numbers in terms of proportion or? 
Akshaya Moondra: I cannot give you any numbers, but YouTube is the largest consumer of data 
is my understanding and then other OTT players would be large. I will not be able to give you any 
numbers there because that is somewhat confidential information. But it's not a question of that. 
Large networks have been built and it is not that the system is not capable of handling the traffic. 
So, that is not a concern. The concern is that large investments are being made and the industry 
as such is subject to multiple things. And there is also a limit to which you can raise tariffs for 
priority services. You cannot have a differential tariff today for some services and for priority 
services. You can charge extra for services which take up a lot of your network and the 
investments have to be large for that. There is a multiple layer of engagement. This is not in India 
alone. This is global. I would say that it is not something for which any result can be expected 
soon. But yes, we are engaging with the government and it is happening in many other countries. 
This is an evolving space and we will have to see what is the best way to solve for the situation. 
But business is going on as usual. It is just a question of getting the right balance between how 
each one benefits from the investments that they are making.  
The concern that telecom operators have is that they are the ones who are making large 
investments in running that traffic without a commensurate return. And if that return has to come 
by raising the tariffs, then it also raises the tariff for essential services, which is something one 

 
Vodafone Idea Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 22 of 23 
would not want to do. And that is why the question is, how can these large traffic generators also 
participate in contributing to the investment, which is being made without increasing the tariff 
for essential services very much.  
Vivekanand Subbaraman: This is helpful. Just one follow up. Are all industry participants 
aligned with you in this thinking or is there any difference of opinion among the industry 
participants?  
Akshaya Moondra: No, you started by saying that this was a representation from COAI. So, it is 
an industry issue. The larger the traffic, the larger the impact is. There is total alignment.  
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Akshaya Moondra for closing comments. Over 
to you, sir.  
Akshaya Moondra: Thank you, Dorwin. During 2024, the company has raised Rs. 240 billion of 
equity. In June spectrum auction, we acquired 50 MHz of spectrum across low band and mid-band 
spectrum in 11 circles. The tariff hike happened after a gap of more than two years, and we have 
seen its benefits and will continue to see the benefits in the coming quarters. However, as I 
mentioned earlier, considering the large investment requirements, industry will need further 
tariff rationalization to happen.  
The AGR curative petition dismissal was unexpected, but we continue to be engaged with the 
government to find a solution which can work for all stakeholders. This year is an important one 
for VIL as the company is taking critical steps in its transformation journey. We have kick-started 
the investment cycle and are deploying the funds from the fundraise towards 4G coverage 
capacity and for 5G rollout. These along with the mega deal with equipment suppliers are all key 
steps that will make VIL more competitive and ensure that the industry remains dynamic and 
competitive. With the continued support of the government, I am confident that VIL will stage a 
smart turnaround to effectively participate industry growth opportunities.  
So, as I said, this is going to be a very important year for us. Many things have happened. We are 
on the right track with investments being made, rollout happening, the benefit of tariff increase 
coming our way. And with the continuing investment that we do, we will continue to see 

 
Vodafone Idea Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 23 of 23 
consistent improvement in performance. I would say, we are on the right track. Thank you all for 
joining this call and have a good day.  
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Vodafone Idea Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
