Registered Office: SPARC, Tandalja, Vadodara – 390 012, Gujarat, INDIA 
Reaching People. Touching Lives  
BSE Limited  
Scrip Code: 524715 
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Limited   
SUN HOUSE, Plot No. 201 B/1,   
Western Express Highway,  Goregaon (E),  
Mumbai 400063, India  
Tel.: (91-22)  4324 4324 Fax.: (91-22) 4324 4343 
Website: www.sunpharma.com  
Email: secretarial@sunpharma.com  
CIN: L24230GJ1993PLC019050  
November 04, 2024 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Scrip Symbol: SUNPHARMA  
Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosed herewith a copy of the transcript of the 
Company’s Q2FY25 earnings conference call, which we shall be uploading on our website after sending 
this letter to you.  
For Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Limited 
(Anoop Deshpande)  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No.: A23983 
Anoop 
Anjanikumar 
Deshpande
Digitally signed by Anoop 
Anjanikumar Deshpande 
Date: 2024.11.04 17:44:24 
+05'30'

Sun Pharma Q2 FY25  
Earnings Call Transcript 
06:30 pm  October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Corporate Office : Sun House, 201 B/1, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 400063 
For further updates and specific queries, please visit www.sunpharma.com or feel free to contact  
Abhishek Sharma, +91 22 43242929, abhi.sharma@sunpharma.com, Gaurav Chugh, +91 22 43245373, gaurav.chugh@sunpharma.com, 
 
 
 
 Corporate Participants                                                                                                  
 
Dilip Shanghvi 
Chairman & Managing Director, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. 
 
Abhay Gandhi 
CEO (North America Business), Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. 
 
C. S. Muralidharan 
Chief Financial Officer, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. 
 
Kirti Ganorkar 
CEO (India Business), Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Sun Pharma Q2 FY25  
Earnings Call Transcript 
06:30 pm  October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Corporate Office : Sun House, 201 B/1, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 400063 
For further updates and specific queries, please visit www.sunpharma.com or feel free to contact  
Abhishek Sharma, +91 22 43242929, abhi.sharma@sunpharma.com, Gaurav Chugh, +91 22 43245373, gaurav.chugh@sunpharma.com, 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY ‘25 Earnings Conference Call of Sun 
Pharmaceutical Industries Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Dr. Abhishek Sharma – Vice President & Head (Investor Relations and 
Strategic Projects). Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Sharma: Thank you. Good evening, and a warm welcome to our 2nd Quarter FY ‘25 Earnings Call. 
I am Abhishek from the Sun Pharma Investor Relations team. We hope you have received our Q2 “Financials” 
and the “Press Release” that was sent out earlier in the day. These are also available on our website. 
We have with us Mr. Dilip Shanghvi, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. C. S. Muralidharan, CFO; Mr. Abhay 
Gandhi, CEO, North America and Mr. Kirti Ganorkar, CEO India business. 
Today, the team will provide an update on financial performance and business highlights for the quarter, pipeline 
update and respond to any questions that you may have. We will refer to the consolidated financials for 
management comments. The call recording and call transcript will also be put on our website shortly. 
The discussion today might include certain forward-looking statements, and these must be viewed in conjunction 
with the risks that our business faces. You are requested to ask two questions in the initial round. I also request 
all of you to kindly send in your questions that may remain unanswered today. 
I will now hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. C. S. Muralidharan. 
C. Muralidharan: Welcome, and thank you for joining us for this Earnings Call after the Announcement Of 
Financial Results for the 2nd Quarter FY ‘25. 
Our Q2 Financials are already with you. 
As usual, we will look at “Key Consolidated Financials”: 
Q2 FY ‘25 sales were Rs. 132,642 million, an increase of 10.5% versus Q2 FY ‘24, and an increase of 5.9% 
versus Q1 FY ‘25. Besides the underlying business growth, we also had higher sales of lenalidomide in U.S. in 

Sun Pharma Q2 FY25  
Earnings Call Transcript 
06:30 pm  October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Corporate Office : Sun House, 201 B/1, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 400063 
For further updates and specific queries, please visit www.sunpharma.com or feel free to contact  
Abhishek Sharma, +91 22 43242929, abhi.sharma@sunpharma.com, Gaurav Chugh, +91 22 43245373, gaurav.chugh@sunpharma.com, 
 
Q2 versus Q1. Material cost stands at 20.3% of sales, lower than the same period last year on account of the better 
product mix. Staff cost stands at 18.7% of sales. Other expenses were 32.5% of sales, higher year-on-year and Q-
on-Q on account of higher selling and distribution expenses. 
FOREX gain for the quarter was Rs. 1,281 million, compared to a loss of Rs. 341 million same period last year. 
EBITDA, including other operating revenues, was Rs. 39,390 million for Q2, an increase of 23.9% over Q2 last 
year, with EBITDA margins for the quarter at 29.6% against 26.1% for Q2 FY ‘24 and 28.5% for Q1 FY ‘25. Net 
profit after tax for Q2 FY ‘25 was Rs. 30,402 million, up 28% over the reported net profit of Q2 last year. EPS 
for the quarter was Rs. 12.7 per share. As of 30th September 2024, net cash was $2.6 billion at the consolidated 
level. 
Now we will discuss the “Half-Year Performance”: 
For the first half, gross sales were at Rs. 257,887 million, a growth of 8.4% over first half last year. Material cost 
for H1 was at 20.8% of sales, lower than H1 last year, mainly due to product mix, including higher specialty sales. 
Staff cost stands at 19.1% of sales. Other expenses were at 31.7% of sales, higher than H1 last year on account of 
higher selling and distribution expenses. FOREX gain for H1 was Rs.776 million compared to a loss of Rs. 321 
million for the same period last year. EBITDA for the first half was at Rs. 75,466 million, a growth of 15.9% over 
the first half last year, with resulting EBITDA margin of 29.1%. Net profit for H1 was at Rs. 58,758 million, up 
24.5% over adjusted net profit of H1 last year, excluding the exceptional items of H1 FY ‘24. 
Now over to Kirti, who will share the performance of our India business. 
Kirti Ganorkar: Thank you, Murali. 
I shall take you through the performance of our India business: 
For Q2, the sales of formulation in India were at Rs. 42,652 million, recording a growth of 11% over Q2 last year. 
India formulation sales accounted for 32% of total consolidated sales for the quarter. Sun Pharma is ranked #1 
and holds 8.1% market share in the over Rs. 2,170 billion Indian pharmaceutical market as per AIOCD AWACS 
MAT Sept-2024. The corresponding market share for the previous period was 7.7%. 
A small note on the new AWACS market share series: 
From September ‘24, AIOCD AWACS has rebased its data leading to lower market share reflections. Prior period 
data has also been rebased. Sun continues to show similar market share gains and volume-led growth in the new 

Sun Pharma Q2 FY25  
Earnings Call Transcript 
06:30 pm  October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Corporate Office : Sun House, 201 B/1, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 400063 
For further updates and specific queries, please visit www.sunpharma.com or feel free to contact  
Abhishek Sharma, +91 22 43242929, abhi.sharma@sunpharma.com, Gaurav Chugh, +91 22 43245373, gaurav.chugh@sunpharma.com, 
 
series. We are amongst the leading contributor to the volume-led growth of IPM. In the top 300 brands of the 
IPM, Sun Pharma has 28 brands, which is the highest number of brands by any company. 
For the quarter ending September ‘24, we grew higher than IPM, and we have done well across all represented 
therapy areas. Majority of the sales growth continues to be led by volumes and new products, launches versus 
IPM growth, which is predominantly price led. As per SMSRC March-June 2024 report, we continue to be #1 
ranked company based on prescription volume. Sun Pharma is also ranked #1 by prescription with 13 different 
doctor categories. For Q2 FY ‘25, the company launched 14 new products in India. 
I will now hand over the call to Abhay. 
Abhay Gandhi: Thank you, Kirti. 
I will update on the Performance Highlights of our U.S. businesses, which includes the U.S. portion of Taro as 
well. 
For Q2, our overall sales in the U.S. business was up by about 20.3% over Q2 last year, to $517 million. The U.S. 
accounted for over 33% of consolidated sales for the quarter. The U.S. Specialty business has continued to do 
well and has grown over Q2 FY ‘24. The underlying business and the prescription trends for the specialty business 
remain strong. For Q2, we launched 2 generic products in the U.S. 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Shanghvi. 
Dilip Shanghvi: Thank you, Abhay. 
I will now provide an Update on Performance Highlights of our other businesses as well as give you an update on 
our R&D initiatives. 
Our revenue in the emerging markets was at $293 million, up by 3.2% over Q2 last year. The underlying growth 
in constant currency terms was 5% year-on-year for Q2. All our large markets, barring a few, have done well in 
local currency terms. Emerging markets accounted for 18% of total consolidated revenue for Q2.  
Formulation revenues in Rest of the World were $199 million, lower by 3.5% over Q2 FY ‘24. Japan price cuts, 
as mentioned in the previous quarter, are an important reason for revenue decline in ROW. We expect this pressure 
to flow through the next few quarters’ performance. ROW markets accounted for approximately 12.5% of 
consolidated Q2 revenues. We continue to invest in building an R&D pipeline for both the global generics and 

Sun Pharma Q2 FY25  
Earnings Call Transcript 
06:30 pm  October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Corporate Office : Sun House, 201 B/1, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 400063 
For further updates and specific queries, please visit www.sunpharma.com or feel free to contact  
Abhishek Sharma, +91 22 43242929, abhi.sharma@sunpharma.com, Gaurav Chugh, +91 22 43245373, gaurav.chugh@sunpharma.com, 
 
the specialty businesses. Consolidated investments towards R&D for Q2 FY ‘25 stand at Rs. 7,929 million, 
overall, 6% of sales. Specialty R&D accounted for 38% of our total R&D spend for the quarter. Due to delay in 
the start of some of our clinical studies, our R&D spend is trending below our guidance for the full year. We 
expect our FY ‘25 R&D spend to be in the range of 7% to 8% of our sales. 
Moving to updates on Global Specialty in Q2 FY ’25: 
Our Global Specialty sales were up by 19.2% to reach $286 million. Sun recently entered into a global licensing 
agreement for commercializing Fibromun, a specialty product from Philogen. Fibromun is an innovative 
anticancer immunotherapy, which is being investigated in registration trials for the treatments of soft tissue 
sarcoma and subsequently for glioblastoma. 
With this, I would like to leave the floor open for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from Damayanti Kerai from HSBC. Please go head. 
Damayanti Kerai: My first question is on R&D spend. So, you mentioned delay in some clinical trials has led 
to lower R&D spend in first half. And then you mentioned the 7% to 8% range for the full year. So, do you think 
there will be a significant uptick in the second half R&D spend? And are you seeing pickup in clinical trials, 
which are currently underway? 
Dilip Shanghvi: Yes, I think the new guidance is based on our reassessment of the money that we will need to 
spend during the second half of the year. And we understand that for the first half, the spend is 6%. For us to reach 
7% or 8%, it needs to go up by a corresponding number so that the annual number is reaching the guidance. 
Damayanti Kerai: Sir, but any further delay or slow pickup in trials could keep your R&D lower compared to 
like your anticipated level? 
Dilip Shanghvi: That is true. 
Damayanti Kerai: My second question is on the litigation which you mentioned in your press release for 
Leqselvi. So, any time line to look at the next update on the IP litigation front? And then you can also please 
provide some update on your expectation for the launch time line for that product. 

Sun Pharma Q2 FY25  
Earnings Call Transcript 
06:30 pm  October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Corporate Office : Sun House, 201 B/1, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 400063 
For further updates and specific queries, please visit www.sunpharma.com or feel free to contact  
Abhishek Sharma, +91 22 43242929, abhi.sharma@sunpharma.com, Gaurav Chugh, +91 22 43245373, gaurav.chugh@sunpharma.com, 
 
Abhay Gandhi: So, we are awaiting the court judgment. And I really can’t put time to it, so we do not know, 
hopefully soon. And as far as readiness for launch is concerned, post the judgment and depending on what the 
judgment is, we would be ready to launch the product in the market. 
Damayanti Kerai: But have you done sufficient preparation to launch immediately once the court ruling comes 
favorably? Or will it take some time? 
Abhay Gandhi: It will be a couple of weeks, not definitely a couple of months. So, to that extent, we will be 
ready. 
Moderator: The next question is from Anubhav Agarwal from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Anubhav Agarwal: Just first question is on Leqselvi litigation itself. I am just trying to understand the scope of 
this litigation. So, based on my reading, the litigation is mainly on 335 patent, where the expiry of this patent is 
December ‘26, which is like 2 years from now. So, two subparts to this question. One is, is the scope of litigation 
only for 2 years or the scope of litigation is beyond the 2 years as well? That’s one part of my question. And the 
second part of the question is that in terms of worst-case outcome, what is the worst outcome here that does Sun 
have to pay a higher royalty here? Or you may not be able to launch the drug itself for 2 years? 
Dilip Shanghvi: So, as we understand the litigation, I think is the scope of the litigation is correct. I think the 
patent which they are using to litigate has an expiry date. And up to that is the worst-case situation is that in case 
if we get an unfavorable judgment and then even on appeal if we lose, then that is the time to which our potential 
launch gets delayed. 
Anubhav Agarwal: And Dilip bhai, on the second part of the question, so is this more the worst case on the 
extent of royalty that we need to pay with 10%, 20%? Or is it like do not launch at all for 2 years? 
Dilip Shanghvi: No. I think generally, royalty in such a situation would be subject to a settlement. It cannot be 
arbitrarily defined as to what would be the royalty and whether with a royalty, we can launch or not. It’s a binary 
outcome. 
Anubhav Agarwal: And the second question was on the ILUMYA. Today, when you are in the Medicare Part B 
market, the medical benefit product, what percentage of prescriptions are you missing already because you do not 
have approval of psoriatic arthritis. So, I am just trying to understand, let’s say, a year down the line, if the Phase-

Sun Pharma Q2 FY25  
Earnings Call Transcript 
06:30 pm  October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Corporate Office : Sun House, 201 B/1, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 400063 
For further updates and specific queries, please visit www.sunpharma.com or feel free to contact  
Abhishek Sharma, +91 22 43242929, abhi.sharma@sunpharma.com, Gaurav Chugh, +91 22 43245373, gaurav.chugh@sunpharma.com, 
 
III results are good, you have the approval, let’s say, what percent of prescription we are missing today and what 
we can get, roughly? 
Abhay Gandhi: So, typically, I mean, if I look at the other competitors in the market and their data, and also from 
conversations with doctors, the split between psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis is somewhere, and you can use this 
as a ballpark figure, so don’t hold me to it, it’s like a 70-30. So, the 30% is the market you are roughly kept around 
with. And this is data that you can also validate in the public domain of the others. 
Anubhav Agarwal: Abhay, that’s correct. But my question was that, if ILUMYA already being prescribed on 
off-label basis for those patients as well, so is the incremental gain not 30%? Or is it lower? Or your sense is that 
benchmark or a heuristic benchmark of 30% is still valid for Sun as well? 
Abhay Gandhi: I mean, Anubhav, how do you expect me to comment on any off-label use. 
Dilip Shanghvi: I think if you say, we have no prescription from rheumatologists. And if a dermatologist is 
prescribing for psoriatic arthritis, we wouldn’t know. But most likely in the U.S. context, they wouldn’t prescribe. 
Abhay Gandhi: And Anubhav, you need to also appreciate that if there are other products available whose label 
mentions the psoriatic arthritis, then the motivation of the doctor to use another product off-label is also very low. 
Anubhav Agarwal: My confusion was only on the Medicare Part B, where none of the other ILs are approved. 
That’s where my question was. 
Abhay Gandhi: I mean, I think I have answered your question to the best of my knowledge, Anubhav. 
Moderator: The next question is from Neha Manpuria from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Neha Manpuria: My first question is on Winlevi. Abhay sir, given the change that we had in strategy, you talked 
about it a few quarters back. If I look at the IQVIA data, obviously, the trend seems to be not reflecting that 
change. Are we seeing an improvement in Winlevi sales quarter-on-quarter? Is it in line with our expectation? 
And what should we expect in terms of when should we start seeing that prescription traction picking up given 
that we’ve changed the strategy only a couple of quarters back? 
Abhay Gandhi: So, we did expect the fall in prescription post our changes in strategy, which is what I think Dilip 
sir explained on the previous call as well. The focus was on generating a more profitable prescription. I think 

Sun Pharma Q2 FY25  
Earnings Call Transcript 
06:30 pm  October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Corporate Office : Sun House, 201 B/1, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 400063 
For further updates and specific queries, please visit www.sunpharma.com or feel free to contact  
Abhishek Sharma, +91 22 43242929, abhi.sharma@sunpharma.com, Gaurav Chugh, +91 22 43245373, gaurav.chugh@sunpharma.com, 
 
we’ve been able to achieve that. That’s why the numbers are good. Now on that lower base of prescription that 
we have, I think our task becomes to grow on that quarter-on-quarter. 
Neha Manpuria: And are we seeing that quarter-on-quarter, month-on-month improvement in terms of 
prescriptions? 
Abhay Gandhi: Yes, I do see that, yes. 
Neha Manpuria: And when do you think we get to, let’s say, a sustainable level of prescription that you would 
be happy about? Would it take us a couple of quarters, a couple of years? When do you think we get there? 
Abhay Gandhi: Honestly, I am already happy with the traction that we are seeing. And if I am able to grow the 
revenues with a more profitable prescription, then I am already happy. But having said that, I mean, the idea is to 
continue to grow prescriptions in whichever product we market, not only in the U.S. but in any other geography. 
I don’t have a set goal in mind that at this point, I’ll be happy. 
Neha Manpuria: And my second question is on the emerging market business. If you could give us some color 
on what the focus markets are for us in the emerging market and how we are thinking about growth in that business 
because it does tend to be fairly volatile. I understand, sir, currency is a big factor there. But otherwise, which are 
the key focus markets and how we should think about growth in the EM. 
Dilip Shanghvi: No, I think we’ve already shared the key markets like Brazil, Romania, South Africa, Russia and 
Mexico. Yes, I think those are there with you. And the focus would be to find a way to grow in this market. But 
at the same point of time, we have sales in many other geographies and many other markets. And all of them 
together make the emerging market business. 
Neha Manpuria: And sir, the focus in these markets would be growth over profitability. I mean, because each of 
them are separate markets, how should we think about the growth versus profitability in these markets because 
there’s a fairly large mix of markets? 
Dilip Shanghvi: The way our budgeting process works is that every country is expected to grow both top line as 
well as bottom line, irrespective of the size of the market. The focus from the business point of view would be 
that the corporate office, the business development team as well as the priority for R&D resources would be 
allocated to these geographies before they are available to the other geographies. So, that’s the essential difference. 
Moderator: Next question is from Bino Pathiparampil from Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 

Sun Pharma Q2 FY25  
Earnings Call Transcript 
06:30 pm  October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Corporate Office : Sun House, 201 B/1, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 400063 
For further updates and specific queries, please visit www.sunpharma.com or feel free to contact  
Abhishek Sharma, +91 22 43242929, abhi.sharma@sunpharma.com, Gaurav Chugh, +91 22 43245373, gaurav.chugh@sunpharma.com, 
 
Bino Pathiparampil: If I heard rightly, in the opening remarks, it was said that the lenalidomide sales in Q2 were 
higher than Q1. Is that correct? And could you also give some color Y-o-Y? 
C. Muralidharan: It was also higher year-over-year. 
Bino Pathiparampil: On the specialty side, this Fibromun which we have in-licensed recently, I believe it’s in 
registration trials. Any time line regarding completion of those trials? 
Dilip Shanghvi: No. I think we’ve also indicated that the trial is managed by the principle from whom we have 
licensed the product, and they are a public company. So, until they, what you call, disclose what is their time line 
for filing. However, we have seen before we licensed the clinical outcome data and we feel that it’s an exciting 
opportunity for patients who are currently significantly undertreated for this disease. 
Bino Pathiparampil: And sir, for Utreglutide, you were planning to start the Phase-II in the second half of this 
year. Is that on track? Have you started it? 
Dilip Shanghvi: No, I think if you see our disclosure, what we’ve said is that it will move to the first half of next 
year. 
Moderator: Next question is from Surya Narayan Patra from PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Surya Patra: Sir, first question is on the R&D spend. While we have become a bit aggressive about adding more 
and more specialty pipelines, we had indicated about 8% to 10% kind of R&D spend, and now we are cutting 
down to 7%, 8% kind of for the current year. So, how should one think whether it is because of the savings that 
is coming from the in-house capability, clinical capability, what you have indicated that you are building it up. 
So, it’s a benefit of that? Or it is just deferral of certain things that we have seen in the first half, that as a result 
of that is the number is reducing? 
Dilip Shanghvi: So, what your question is whether it’s an intentional delay or whether it’s the reason why -- 
because of any other reason, the -- 
Surya Patra: Yes. I mean, whether it is the saving that is coming from the in-house clinical capabilities, what 
you’re building it up. So, that has brought in this kind of saving, or it is something else? 

Sun Pharma Q2 FY25  
Earnings Call Transcript 
06:30 pm  October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Corporate Office : Sun House, 201 B/1, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 400063 
For further updates and specific queries, please visit www.sunpharma.com or feel free to contact  
Abhishek Sharma, +91 22 43242929, abhi.sharma@sunpharma.com, Gaurav Chugh, +91 22 43245373, gaurav.chugh@sunpharma.com, 
 
Dilip Shanghvi: No. I think there is also a delay in commissioning some of the studies. So, it’s not only in-house 
saving from managing the studies. It’s still a long time before we get to know whether there is any significant 
saving because of the change in the, what you call, organizational capability. 
Surya Patra: And second question is on the U.S. sales growth. See, interestingly, sir, after the many, many 
quarters, what we are seeing that, overall, the U.S. sales growth is higher than the Global Specialty sales growth. 
So, generally, the reverse used to be the trend. 
Dilip Shanghvi: We have not shared the U.S. specialties sales. 
Surya Patra: No. I mean, since U.S. is the majority of the Global Specialty. So, if I reframe that, U.S. sales 
growth is higher than the Global Specialty growth. The reverse trend used to be the kind of a trend. So, what is 
driving this U.S. business? Because the base business of plain-vanilla generic is obviously facing its own 
challenges. So, what is driving? Whether it is something coming from the Taro side? Or what is driving the forces, 
if you can just indicate and your outlook for the base business also? 
Abhay Gandhi: I think the reason is pretty obvious. Our major products, whether it is ILUMYA, Winlevi, 
ODOMZO or CEQUA, have done well. And the team continues to perform and deliver. That’s the reason. 
Dilip Shanghvi: See, my understanding, they’re trying to reconstruct specialty and generic separately. In the past, 
they were doing because Taro numbers were public. So, they were able to reconstruct. So, no, I think we need to 
internally debate and understand whether we want to share more information than what we are already sharing. 
Surya Patra: Just one last update, sir. This Chinese Ilumetri launch, whether we have seen any meaningful 
progress there? Any influence that we can see to our ROW sales? 
Dilip Shanghvi: I think we are very happy with the kind of traction Ilumetri has received in a relatively short 
period of time after launching the product in China. And we expect it to become a more meaningful product as 
time progresses. 
Moderator: The next question is from Shashank Krishnakumar from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Shashank Krishnakumar: My first question was on the domestic piece. So, when we are alluding to volume-
led growth, would there be a meaningful difference in terms of volume growth across town classes that you’re 
seeing in our portfolio? Would volume growth be meaningfully higher in metros and Tier 1 towns for us as 
opposed to, say, class 2 to 4 towns and rural markets? 

Sun Pharma Q2 FY25  
Earnings Call Transcript 
06:30 pm  October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Corporate Office : Sun House, 201 B/1, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 400063 
For further updates and specific queries, please visit www.sunpharma.com or feel free to contact  
Abhishek Sharma, +91 22 43242929, abhi.sharma@sunpharma.com, Gaurav Chugh, +91 22 43245373, gaurav.chugh@sunpharma.com, 
 
Kirti Ganorkar: So, broadly, it will be difficult to share whether it’s higher in Tier 1, Tier 2 cities compared to 
some metros. But what I can tell you, our volume growth is quite strong, and the volume growth for the industry 
is on MAT September ‘24 basis is 0.7% and we are 5.2%. So, strong, and I see that is across the businesses. 
Maybe geography wise, I don’t have the data to share with you, but it is across the businesses. 
Shashank Krishnakumar: My second question was on SCD-044. So, I understand that Amgen has received an 
approval for Otezla for pediatric use. And while this is an age group where there is no other approved option right 
now. So, is that a patient population group that we could also potentially target? 
Dilip Shanghvi: Yes. I think we are waiting for the Phase-II data to come and then we’ll decide because many 
times, the agency also requires that on approval that you have to do a pediatric study to get the product approved 
for pediatric patients and psoriasis as well as atopic dermatitis are both conditions for which there is a sizable 
number of pediatric patients. So, in this case, there is a business case, but we have to take a decision looking at 
the Phase-II data. But in any case, most of the people that develop the product first for the adult population and 
then go back to the pediatric. 
Moderator: Next question is from Anubhav Agarwal from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Anubhav Agarwal: I have two questions. One is on other expenses. So, in this quarter, other expenses are pretty 
high. Just trying to understand, is there any one-off here? For example, when you in-licensed Fibromun, have you 
paid some one-off milestone, which is included in other expenses or any other one-off there in other expense? 
C. Muralidharan: There is no one-off in the other expense in the current quarter. 
Anubhav Agarwal: So, what explains this is almost Rs. 450 crores increase in quarter? 
C. Muralidharan: It is mainly driven by the higher selling and distribution expenses in U.S. and EM and certain 
other geographies. 
Dilip Shanghvi: So, there would also be a ramp-up cost for launching Leqselvi, which are coming to the expenses 
for the first time. 
Anubhav Agarwal: But would you say, Dilip bhai, that this is the new base of other expense for us? 
Dilip Shanghvi: I mean, generally, we don’t guide for expenses, but I think our focus would be to run the business 
most efficiently. 

Sun Pharma Q2 FY25  
Earnings Call Transcript 
06:30 pm  October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Corporate Office : Sun House, 201 B/1, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 400063 
For further updates and specific queries, please visit www.sunpharma.com or feel free to contact  
Abhishek Sharma, +91 22 43242929, abhi.sharma@sunpharma.com, Gaurav Chugh, +91 22 43245373, gaurav.chugh@sunpharma.com, 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: Second question is on Leqselvi, actually not just on Leqselvi drug, but on the alopecia areata 
market. So, just trying to understand that there are 2 existing drugs in the market and the ramp-up has been slow 
in last 2 years of the market formation. So, out of the 2 factors, which I can think of, just trying to understand 
which is the bigger factor, which is leading to a slower ramp up of the market? One is insurance access or insurance 
coverage as factor one. And second is doctor’s lack of willingness to prescribe this category because of the black 
box warning on the JAK inhibitor class. So, out of these 2 factors or maybe third or fourth factor, which you guys 
can help think about that. Because when I see the 2 drugs on IQVIA, I only see less than 15,000 patients being 
treated in total on this category. And that’s what I meant by a slow ramp-up here. 
Abhay Gandhi: See, in the U.S., access always builds up gradually. It is not that the day you launch, you will get 
unrestricted full access across all the payer groups. Some of them have a new-to-market block. So, I think you 
should also look at access as a continuum rather than event upon launch. 
Anubhav Agarwal: But Abhay, is access the only reason why the -- 
Abhay Gandhi: See, one of the products also has multiple indications. It also depends on where a company may 
or may not focus. I cannot speak for anybody else. But our focus will be on growing both awareness as well as 
usage of our product in that indication. So, waiting to get to market and then we will see whether we can grow 
the market as well. 
Anubhav Agarwal: One just clarity on the other expense question which I asked. Let’s say, when you include 
the milestone payment that you paid for Fibromun, where would you capture it? Would it be captured in the R&D 
expense? Or would it be captured in the other expenses? 
C. Muralidharan: No, it’s not part of other expenses. It is part of a balance sheet item. 
Anubhav Agarwal: Part of the balance sheet item. But have you paid anything for it so far? 
C. Muralidharan: We’ve provided for it based on the contract. 
Moderator: Next question is from Vivek Agarwal from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Agrawal: So, my question is related to your obesity molecule, GL0034, right? You presented Phase-I data 
in June 2023. And now you post the Phase-II trials in 2025, right? So, it’s more than 2 years and the gap seems to 
be substantial, right? So, just trying to understand why there is a big gap of 2 years, either you lack confidence in 

Sun Pharma Q2 FY25  
Earnings Call Transcript 
06:30 pm  October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Corporate Office : Sun House, 201 B/1, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 400063 
For further updates and specific queries, please visit www.sunpharma.com or feel free to contact  
Abhishek Sharma, +91 22 43242929, abhi.sharma@sunpharma.com, Gaurav Chugh, +91 22 43245373, gaurav.chugh@sunpharma.com, 
 
the asset? Or are you looking to out-license the product to any big pharma to take it forward? So, how to look at 
this asset? 
Dilip Shanghvi: No, I think we are very excited. I don’t know whether you kept track. But otherwise, we’ve been 
consistently presenting the clinical outcome data, both in healthy subjects as well as in patients. And I think, we 
believe that we have a very, what I would call, best-in-class product. There is a certain amount of delay in terms 
of starting the large Phase-II study. But we hope that we will be able to make up during the conduct of the study. 
Vivek Agrawal: And sir, is it also fair to understand that your R&D spend are expected to move up substantially 
once you start the Phase-II trial of this particular molecule? Or irrespective of this particular molecule, should we 
expect R&D spend to go up substantially and to go up in the 8%, 9% kind of range? 
Dilip Shanghvi: Yes, we will cover it in our guidance. 
Moderator: Next question is from Saion Mukherjee. 
Saion Mukherjee: Sir, my first question is the intangible assets under development that we see has risen quite a 
lot in 6 months. So, can you explain what is driving this? 
C. Muralidharan: So, this increase in the intangible asset development, as I just said now, is for the Fibromun 
product which we have contracted licensed from Philogen. 
Saion Mukherjee: And my second question is on the psoriatic arthritis indication for ILUMYA. Would this 
require approaching rheumatologists separately? I mean, do you need to make any additional investments for that 
indication? 
Abhay Gandhi: So, we will definitely have to cover the rheumatologists. We are still trying to figure out how. 
So, I don’t have a complete fix on what will we need to do. We still have time. But it’s work-in-progress. But yes, 
we will have to cover the rheum segment definitely. 
Saion Mukherjee: But is it possible, sir, to sort of license out or work with some existing player in that segment? 
Abhay Gandhi: I don’t think it will be necessary. I think on our own, we’ll be able to do a good job. 
Moderator: Next question is from Rahul Jeewani from IIFL Securities. Please go head. 

Sun Pharma Q2 FY25  
Earnings Call Transcript 
06:30 pm  October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Corporate Office : Sun House, 201 B/1, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 400063 
For further updates and specific queries, please visit www.sunpharma.com or feel free to contact  
Abhishek Sharma, +91 22 43242929, abhi.sharma@sunpharma.com, Gaurav Chugh, +91 22 43245373, gaurav.chugh@sunpharma.com, 
 
Rahul Jeewani: Sir, the sequential growth, which we saw in the U.S. business, so apart from specialty and 
Revlimid quarter-on-quarter growth, was there any other driver which led to the growth in the U.S. business on a 
sequential basis? 
Abhay Gandhi: I think in more ways than one, I have answered the question. But the last way I can attempt is 
year-on-year, the generic business without Revlimid has shown growth. But quarter-on-quarter, it’s a small 
decline. 
Rahul Jeewani: So, I was just trying to check that whether there were any one-off NBO opportunities sitting for 
us in the U.S. generic business this quarter. So, that wasn’t the case, I believe. 
Abhay Gandhi: I don’t think so. 
Rahul Jeewani: And the second question which I had was on the domestic business. So, can you talk about your 
rep expansion plans for the domestic market given that, let’s say, a year back, we had added almost 1000 new 
reps to the domestic business. So, what are your rep expansion plans going forward? 
Kirti Ganorkar: I think I shared in the past is like we have expanded our field force. And today, we have 14,000 
people on the ground who are promoting product to the doctors. So, about future plans, we can’t comment it. But 
whatever expansion we have done in the past, I am thinking that it is helping us to grow faster than the market, 
yes. 
Rahul Jeewani: Sure, sir. So, sir, just a follow-up on that. So, do you think that the existing field force, which we 
have, that can continue this volume-led outperformance for us in the domestic market? Or let’s say, when do you 
anticipate the next round of expansion happening on the rep side, even if you are not willing to call out the exact 
number as such? 
Kirti Ganorkar: No, that’s what I said. We can’t disclose our strategic plan when we want to expand in the 
business. These are the calls we take during our budgets every year. 
Moderator: The next question is from Madhav from Fidelity. Please go ahead. 
Madhav Marda: Yes. Just two questions. The first one was on the PSA indication. In case we get the favorable 
Phase-III data in H2 CY ‘25, what could be the earliest launch for the PSA indication for ILUMYA? 

Sun Pharma Q2 FY25  
Earnings Call Transcript 
06:30 pm  October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Corporate Office : Sun House, 201 B/1, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 400063 
For further updates and specific queries, please visit www.sunpharma.com or feel free to contact  
Abhishek Sharma, +91 22 43242929, abhi.sharma@sunpharma.com, Gaurav Chugh, +91 22 43245373, gaurav.chugh@sunpharma.com, 
 
Abhay Gandhi: So, the attempt always is that whether it’s a launch of a new product or a new indication, you 
can only maximize your return if you’re able to launch immediately after receiving it. So, we will always attempt 
to do it as soon as we get the approval. 
Madhav Marda: Sir, my question was that in case the Phase-III data is favorable, what’s the time gap between 
the Phase-III data readout and the approval? Is it like 6 months or 12 months before that happens? 
Abhay Gandhi: When the FDA will approve. 
Madhav Marda: In case the Phase-III is favorable? 
Abhay Gandhi: We will launch as soon as we get approval in the new indication. And like I said, for another 
product which was asked, it will be a matter of a few weeks and not a few months. 
Madhav Marda: And the second question was on the staff cost. In the first half, if I have it right, it grew by 3%, 
4% only year-over-year. So, do we expect that sort of trend to continue for the rest of the year? Or do we expect 
some acceleration in the staff cost spending? 
C. Muralidharan: As such, we do not expect any material movement in the staff costs. 
Moderator: The next question is from Naresh Suthar from SBI Life Insurance Company. Please go ahead. 
Naresh Suthar: Sir, when Taro used to announce results, the R&D cost was around $60 million, $65 million at 
that time. And we have seen so many quarters, they have not done good in terms of the U.S. sales, which is 
predominantly derma portfolio. So, is there any thought process wherein we want to reduce the R&D significantly 
for Taro? 
Dilip Shanghvi: So, is your question, is the R&D to be reduced for Taro? 
Naresh Suthar: Right, correct. 
Dilip Shanghvi: Now we have to look at the overall R&D investment. We can’t look at separately. We can’t run 
2 separate businesses. It’s now part of Sun. So, we have to look at the holistic R&D capability and R&D spend. 

Sun Pharma Q2 FY25  
Earnings Call Transcript 
06:30 pm  October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Corporate Office : Sun House, 201 B/1, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 400063 
For further updates and specific queries, please visit www.sunpharma.com or feel free to contact  
Abhishek Sharma, +91 22 43242929, abhi.sharma@sunpharma.com, Gaurav Chugh, +91 22 43245373, gaurav.chugh@sunpharma.com, 
 
Naresh Suthar: So, my question was also related to whether the reduction in the R&D guidance includes some 
part of this rationalization in Taro R&D because the portfolio itself was not growing good, and it was seeing 
competition every quarter before the takeover. 
Dilip Shanghvi: I don’t think your assessment and our understanding is correct. Our understanding is that the 
new product that Taro used to file, and launch justified the money that was spent. But there was a steep price cut 
across other products, which was made up by this, but the overall rate of decline was significantly faster compared 
to the other products that we had in our portfolio. 
Moderator: Next question is from Neha Manpuria from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Neha Manpuria: My first question is on M&A. Given that that’s been a core part of our strategy in building out 
the specialty pipeline so far, I just wanted to get your sense on the environment today for specialty assets in the 
U.S. We’ve heard about the biotech funding crunch, big pharma sort of looking at assets given they sort of 
constrain the R&D. Is it more difficult to get specialty assets for acquisition? And is that the reason for us 
becoming more aggressive in terms of building our own clinical capabilities? I just wanted to understand the long-
term pipeline strategy for the specialty business. 
Dilip Shanghvi: So, I think the buildup of the clinical capability is more a function of at which stage we are able 
to or actually decide to license a product. If we decide to license a product which is, let’s say, completed Phase-
III, then we don’t need a big asset, I mean, organization. We license a product in Phase-II or earlier, then we will 
need an organization which can bring the product to market from Phase-II. And our sense is that it’s better for us 
to also look at a mix of products which are close to market or also products that we can develop on our own. 
Neha Manpuria: And sir, is it becoming more difficult for us to get, let’s say, near commercial products for 
acquisition in the existing focus areas that we have, in ophtha and derma and oncology. Is that the sense that you 
get when you look at the market, M&A market? 
Dilip Shanghvi: I mean, actually, I have no historical context. So, I can’t compare that 10 years back it was easier 
and now it is difficult. But I don’t see a situation where if we are interested in an asset. And since our area of 
focus is relatively narrow, not many competing potential bidders. 
Neha Manpuria: And my second question is on ILUMYA. Because ILUMYA prescription traction continues to 
be very good. Obviously, we had skepticism about biosimilars impacting that. We have another biosimilar launch 

Sun Pharma Q2 FY25  
Earnings Call Transcript 
06:30 pm  October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Corporate Office : Sun House, 201 B/1, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 400063 
For further updates and specific queries, please visit www.sunpharma.com or feel free to contact  
Abhishek Sharma, +91 22 43242929, abhi.sharma@sunpharma.com, Gaurav Chugh, +91 22 43245373, gaurav.chugh@sunpharma.com, 
 
coming next year. What’s essentially driving the growth in ILUMYA prescription? And do you think despite this 
biosimilar launch, we could continue to maintain the growth momentum in ILUMYA prescription? 
Abhay Gandhi: I mean, many factors go into it. But at the end of the day, it’s about execution on the strategy. 
And it’s a multifactorial product sell. It’s not an easy sell. And I think we are able to execute on multiple fronts 
to keep that engine moving. 
Neha Manpuria: And you don’t think another biosimilar in one of the other large products sort of impacts 
ILUMYA prescription growth? 
Abhay Gandhi: So, to be perfectly honest, I mean, we are, in the overall market, a relatively small player as 
compared to the big ones. So, I think any biosimilar will go after the big fish, and not necessarily the space that 
we are playing. So, I guess to that extent, I mean, we are relatively insulated as compared to the bigger products. 
Dilip Shanghvi: One more issue, you need to keep in mind is that the overall penetration of biologics in the 
market is also relatively low. So, with biosimilars and we also expect penetration to go up. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Gagan Thareja from ASK investment managers. Please go ahead. 
Gagan Thareja: So, the first question is Taro comparable quarter last year would have been consolidated at 80% 
and this year it’s fully consolidated. Would that roughly add $25 million to $30 million of sales even if Taro sales 
wouldn’t have grown year-on-year simply because of the additional consolidation? 
C. S. Muralidharan: So, as part of the transaction, Taro has become part of our overall U.S. sales. Earlier also 
what they were getting separately Taro. 
Dilip Shanghvi: They were giving separate number. 
C. S. Muralidharan: Not since it is no more public company part of the Sun, we are just showing the overall net 
sales of the US business, which includes Taro.  
Gagan Thareja: No, I get that but in in-principal, I am simply talking about the arithmetic, 20% extra 
consolidation would have added to sales, assuming that there is no precipitous drop in Taro sales at all. 
Dilip Shanghvi: No, there is no impact on the top line post-consolidation because as a subsidiary, were capturing 
the top line, at the end were providing for minority interest in the profit. 

Sun Pharma Q2 FY25  
Earnings Call Transcript 
06:30 pm  October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Corporate Office : Sun House, 201 B/1, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 400063 
For further updates and specific queries, please visit www.sunpharma.com or feel free to contact  
Abhishek Sharma, +91 22 43242929, abhi.sharma@sunpharma.com, Gaurav Chugh, +91 22 43245373, gaurav.chugh@sunpharma.com, 
 
Gagan Thareja: Second question is on Nidlegy™ and Illumetri, ILUMYA in China, is it possible to give some 
insight into how these have evolved and developed? 
Dilip Shanghvi: No, we do not give country specific sales detail. Broadly, overall looking at the offtake as well 
as the projections we are getting from our partner in China, we think that the product is doing quite well. 
Gagan Tareja: Sir, final one, on the post-grant review which went in favor of  Incyte on patent 335, on the legal 
document pertaining to that, they seem to indicate that they would be looking for a higher loyalty post if there is 
an approval for your product view, do you see a circumstance where royalty payments will be higher than what 
you have previously anticipated and therefore the overall profitability on the product could be different from an 
initial base case? 
Dilip Shanghvi: You have access to information which I don’t have. So, because I have not seen any disclosure 
from  Incyte which says that they are expecting a higher royalty. 
Gagan Tareja: No, sir, this is just the transcript of the District Court New Jersey hearing on this matter in July? 
Dilip Shanghvi: Now, since the matter is sub-judice at this point of time, we are not responding to specific 
questions. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Saion Mukherjee from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Saion Mukherjee: Sir, I remember some time back, you had mentioned about the regulatory approval on some 
of your complex products on the generic side in the US, there were uncertainties in terms of the regulatory 
guidelines which were delaying things. In the recent past, we have seen some complex generics getting approved. 
Has the landscape improved and to that extent, how do you think about the pipeline for Sun Pharma? 
Abhay Gandhi: I personally don’t recall any such comment or disclosure in any of our calls. 
Dilip Shanghvi: We have indicated that there are products for which there is lack of clarity from a regulatory 
point of view. I think for a specific product there would be guidances which will help. And we see an effort by 
the agency to work towards clarifying and sharing specific guidances so that industry has a greater visibility on 
the process to follow for approval of those products. 
Saion Mukherjee: Sir, would you like to comment how does impact Sun, should be therefore mean that the 
chances of you sort of crossing the hurdle on the regulatory front is much more now? 

Sun Pharma Q2 FY25  
Earnings Call Transcript 
06:30 pm  October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Corporate Office : Sun House, 201 B/1, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 400063 
For further updates and specific queries, please visit www.sunpharma.com or feel free to contact  
Abhishek Sharma, +91 22 43242929, abhi.sharma@sunpharma.com, Gaurav Chugh, +91 22 43245373, gaurav.chugh@sunpharma.com, 
 
Dilip Shanghvi: No, I think it is very difficult to give a non-specific response, but our view is that anything which 
has greater clarity for industry is always helpful for bringing a generic product to the market early. 
Saion Mukherjee: And sir, my second question, if you can respond like on the GLP-1 opportunity both from the 
regulated and from an emerging market perspective, how should we think about that and Sun’s preparedness to 
address that opportunity? 
Dilip Shanghvi: No, I think we are very excited. The only issue is how fast we can bring the product to market 
and what kind of clinical outcome benefit we are able to show while the product is in registration. That is what 
will ultimately help us in terms of working towards getting a fair share of the product globally. 
Saion Mukherjee: And the emerging market opportunity because your presence have a footprint in most of the 
markets, the key markets, so you expect that to unfold over the next say 2-3 years for you, much ahead of the 
regulated market? 
Dilip Shanghvi: Currently, the trial is being done in such a way that we will get approval in regulated and 
emerging market in a phased manner, but starting with the regulated market. If there is a change in the strategy, 
we will share that with you, but as on today that is the approach. And also another thing which I am sure you are 
aware is that some of the current GLP-1’s will start losing patent protection in emerging market much earlier than 
the regulated. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Ankush Mahajan from Axis Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ankush Mahajan: Sir, I am just looking at a very good set of number for the specialty, the 7.5% growth on Q-
on-Q also, so if I said take two reasons like one is the US market and other is other market, so can we say that the 
other market is going faster for the specialty and still there is a scope that we are looking for the new geographies 
to enter for the specialty? 
Abhay Gandhi: You are setting my goals for next year. 
 Dilip Shanghvi: So, I think he is trying to understand the split between US and non-US. 
Abhay Gandhi: I can only speak on the US business and I think there, as I said earlier, most of our key products 
we have grown  Levulan on as you know, this quarter is always a softer quarter. So, I believe that Q3, even that 
product will come up to where it should be because that is traditionally a big quarter for that product. So, I think 
I am personally confident that we can continue to grow our specialty business in the US. 

Sun Pharma Q2 FY25  
Earnings Call Transcript 
06:30 pm  October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Corporate Office : Sun House, 201 B/1, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 400063 
For further updates and specific queries, please visit www.sunpharma.com or feel free to contact  
Abhishek Sharma, +91 22 43242929, abhi.sharma@sunpharma.com, Gaurav Chugh, +91 22 43245373, gaurav.chugh@sunpharma.com, 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Anubhav Agarwal from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Anubhav Agarwal: Just last question from me, just on the ramp up of the specialty portfolio. So, we have derma 
products, then we added derma-oncology products, so just trying to understand how you are thinking about the 
other oncology products which are not derma-onco and what about ophthalmics? So, that is one set of questions? 
The second set of question is, thereby you mentioned in the press release that you want to leverage your strong 
cash position to standard pipeline portfolio. So, largest deal you have done is close to $600 million when we 
acquired LEQSELVI. Are you okay acquiring a platform with a broader thing or you still want to go drug wise in 
these three areas or you want to expand the scope? Can you give some broad comments here? 
Dilip Shanghvi: No, I think our approach to acquisition is that we need to find a way to manage that business 
much better than the current owner and it needs to help us strategically, help us grow our topline and bottomline 
in a strategic kind of way. So, that will continue to remain our priority and focus. I don’t want to take a view about 
the size of the product or the size of the market, because I think it is better for us to play in a market in which we 
compete for products which are not aggressively competed by big pharma. So, we have a relatively small subset 
because we are a small company, and we need to recognize and reflect that in our action and plan. And your 
question as to whether we will get into the pure oncology business, I think as on today that is not the intention 
because the moment we get into, let us say, first line breast cancer or head and neck cancer or anything, we then 
end up competing with all large companies in the world, and that is where we will not be able to compete. 
Anubhav Agarwal: And how about Ophthalmology? So, we have dry eye drug, but what about the other areas 
in the Ophthalmology? 
Dilip Shanghvi: No, I think we continue to look at opportunities which can enhance our basket in Ophthalmology, 
and we are very disciplined about our acquisition approaches that we don’t get emotionally committed to any 
product. So, unless and until it makes business sense, we don’t approve this. We have not, unfortunately, been 
able to identify something which is both exciting and something that we think will help us create long-term value. 
Anubhav Agarwal: So, just very naive question, but in Dermatology you think, let us say, with the current 
pipeline that you have it and the molecules that you are thinking about it, can this be ultimately not putting a 
timeline so that if you stay in derma and oncology or derma-oncology segment, can you be like 3X-4X of the size 
what you are today, just staying in this derma and oncology therapy? 
Dilip Shanghvi: You are talking of my desire or what we wish to disclose because I think as a company we don’t 
make long-term projections, but I think if we are playing in this field, it is with a view to become successful and 

Sun Pharma Q2 FY25  
Earnings Call Transcript 
06:30 pm  October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Corporate Office : Sun House, 201 B/1, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 400063 
For further updates and specific queries, please visit www.sunpharma.com or feel free to contact  
Abhishek Sharma, +91 22 43242929, abhi.sharma@sunpharma.com, Gaurav Chugh, +91 22 43245373, gaurav.chugh@sunpharma.com, 
 
success means different things in different businesses and for us to be successful, we will have to gain scale in 
Specialiy that there is no confusion. But it is difficult for us to commit timelines as well as this because otherwise 
it will end up creating unnecessary pressure for us to do transactions. 
Anubhav Agarwal: Dilip bhai, the question was not on timeline actually, I put it wrongly, sorry. The question 
was simply that does the derma and derma-oncology in terms of molecules that you want to target that you do not 
want to, let us say, compete directly with big pharma, does the space has so much potential that you can keep 
launching and becoming 3x-4x eventually that was your sense of the question? 
Dilip Shanghvi: I think if you look at our current pipeline, we have an oral product which we are developing for 
Phase-II for psoriasis, same product we are also developing for atopic dermatitis. So, these are all fairly large 
market with potential to do much better than what and augment our relationship with the doctors in the market. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Sudarshan Padmanabhan from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: Sir, my question is a little bit more on the housekeeping side. The first half we have 
seen our gross margin significantly higher than expectation. I just wanted to know, would we be looking at say 
for the full year, given that the specialty is doing well, the gross margins will trend more towards 79%-80% as 
compared to what we initially thought? 
C. S. Muralidharan: So, we are not giving any specific guidance on gross margins.  
Dilip Shanghvi: I think even in the past, people have said whether when your EBITDA will reach 30%. I think 
our focus is to find a way to do our business in a way whereby our EBITDA and profitability improves, but that 
is not the intention, the intention is to grow both topline and bottom-line and run business more efficiently. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: And with the R&D spend probably coming back in the second-half, should we be 
looking at more or less margins at around 28%, which is what you initially guided for, or do we see that the R&D 
spend can be still a little slower giving some kind of fillip to the margins in second half? 
C. S. Muralidharan: So, I think we are not guided for any margins as such. So, we will refrain to comment 
anything based on the margins for the H2. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. That was the last question in queue. I would now like to hand the conference 
back to Dr. Abhishek Sharma for closing comments. 

Sun Pharma Q2 FY25  
Earnings Call Transcript 
06:30 pm  October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
Corporate Office : Sun House, 201 B/1, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 400063 
For further updates and specific queries, please visit www.sunpharma.com or feel free to contact  
Abhishek Sharma, +91 22 43242929, abhi.sharma@sunpharma.com, Gaurav Chugh, +91 22 43245373, gaurav.chugh@sunpharma.com, 
 
Abhishek Sharma: Thank you everyone for joining us at this late hour. If any of your questions have remained 
unanswered, you can reach out to me or Investor Relations team. Thank you and good evening. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. On behalf of Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
