 
 
Ref: MIL/BSE/NSE/24 
Date: November 18, 2024 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call held with Analysts & Investors on November 14, 2024 
 
In accordance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and following our intimation dated November 14, 2024, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the Analysts & Investors Conference Call held on 
November 14, 2024, to discuss the Un-Audited financial results for the Second Quarter ended 
September 30, 2024. 
 
The transcript of the said conference call will also be uploaded on the Company’s website at 
 
https://mallcom.in/pages/investor-relations#Earning Call 2024-2025   
 
This is for your kind information and record. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully 
For MALLCOM (INDIA) LTD. 
 
 
 
 
 
Gaurav Raj 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Enclosed: As above 
 
The Manager 
Corporate Relationship Department   
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Rotunda Building, 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400001 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra 
(E), Mumbai - 400051 
BSE Security Code: 539400
NSE Symbol: MALLCOM
GAURAV RAJ
Digitally signed by 
GAURAV RAJ 
Date: 2024.11.18 12:21:35 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Mallcom (India) Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ROHIT MALL - ASSOCIATE VICE PRESIDENT - 
MALLCOM (INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. SHYAM SUNDAR AGRAWAL - CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER - MALLCOM (INDIA) LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VIKRAM SURYAVANSHI - PHILLIPCAPITAL  
(INDIA) PRIVATE LIMITED 

 
 
Mallcom (India) Limited  
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Mallcom (India) Limited Conference Call 
hosted by PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These 
statements do not guarantee future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikram Suryavanshi from PhillipCapital (India) Private 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you.  
Mr. Vikram Suryavanshi: Thank you, Mike. Good afternoon and very warm welcome to everyone. On behalf of 
PhillipCapital, I am pleased to welcome you all On Earnings Call of Mallcom (India) Limited. 
 
We are happy to have the management with us here today for question-and-answer session with 
the investment community. Management is represented by Mr. Rohit Mall – Associate Vice 
President and Mr. Shyam Sundar Agrawal – Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Before we start the call, we will have opening comments from the management, and now I hand 
over call to Mr. Rohit. Over to you, sir.  
Rohit Mall: 
Thank you. It is a pleasure to welcome you to our Earnings Conference Call for the 2nd Quarter 
and the first half of the Financial Year 2025.  
 
Let me first start off by thanking our host, PhillipCapital, for hosting today's Earnings Call. I 
will begin with some “Operational Highlights” for the 2nd Quarter of the Financial Year 2025, 
after which our CFO – Mr. Shyam Agarwal, will provide the detailed briefing on the financial.  
 
We continued on our growth path in Q2 of FY '25 with strong growth in top-line and bottom-
line. In our effort to provide certified genuine products at list price and to cater to the ever-
growing demand for both B2B and B2C, the company has launched a new e-commerce website 
with encouraging response.  
 
The company also launched newly designed single density sole with Docker and Doxle range of 
shoes having wider toe caps for the Indian market, which is witnessing rapid change in product 
demand with more and more value-added, user-friendly products.  

 
 
Mallcom (India) Limited  
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
The company also participated in various exhibitions various exhibitions held in the USA, 
Middle-East, Europe & Southeast Asia, all well renowned and largely participated by key 
players world-wide and got very good response, interest and enquiries. 
 
On the CAPEX front, the first phase of Sanand-II, Gujarat project being set-up for manufacturing 
of Protec is nearing completion as per the schedule and the trial run for manufacturing of Dipped 
Gloves is likely to commence in November 2024. The Company has already invested 75 crores 
against projected investment of 90 crores. 
 
Additionally, the Phase-2 expansion at Ghatakpukur for setting up a new unit for designing and 
manufacturing Industrial Safety Shoes, with a built-up floor area of 50,000 Square Feet and a 
CAPEX involving 20 crores is also progressing as per schedule with completion expected within 
FY '25.  
 
Now I will request Mr. Shyam Agrawal – our CFO to brief you on the financial performance of 
the company.  
Shyam Sundar Agrawal: 
Thank you, Rohit, and good afternoon, everyone. 
Let me brief you on the consolidated financial performance for the 2nd Quarter and the First 
Half of the Financial Year 2025.  
 
On a consolidated basis, operating revenue stood at approximately Rs. 129 crores reflecting a 
growth of nearly 90% year-on-year. EBITDA for the quarter was around 16 crores representing 
a growth of 3% year-on-year with EBITDA margin at 12.24%. The decline in EBITDA margin 
was mainly due to higher branding and self-promotion expenses, consultancy and other 
operating expenses. The net profit was reported to be close to Rs. 10 crores showing a yearly 
growth of 10% with PAT margin at 7.82%.  
 
For the first half of the Financial Year 2025, the operating revenue grew by around 14% to Rs. 
232 crores. EBITDA grew by 2% year-on-year to Rs. 30 crores. EBITDA margin for this period 
was 13%. The net profit for the period grew by 5% year-on-year to Rs. 19 crores with PAT 
margin reported at 8.03%.  
 
During the period, the company made CAPEX of around 45 crores and will be making an 
additional investment of Rs. 30 crores during the current financial year, against the completion 
of planned ongoing expansion projects both at Sanand, Gujarat and Ghatakpukur, West Bengal. 
As stated earlier, the entire CAPEX plan to be sourced through internal cash accruals of the 
company. 
 
ICRA, the rating agency has once again reaffirmed the long-term credit rating of the company 
as ICRA (A) with a stable outlook.  

 
 
Mallcom (India) Limited  
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Thank you. With this, we can now open the floor for the questions and answers session.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have the first question from 
the line of Aradhana Jain from B&K Securities. Please go ahead.  
Aradhana Jain: 
I have a couple of questions. My first question is on the Sanand, Gujarat facility. I believe that 
the trial run for the Dipped Gloves has commenced as it was to commence in November. So, if 
you could throw some light on the timelines for that. And in our previous call, we were told that 
in that particular facility, we will also have gloves, both PU and NBR, shoes, helmets and 
eyewear to be produced. So, what's the status on that? That's my first question.  
Rohit Mall: 
So, yes, the trials have commenced. So, we within like right now, as we speak, I think this week, 
next week is when we are doing all this trials. And so hopefully, by the end of the month, we 
should have successfully set up the infrastructure for the trials and the trials would have been 
completed and we would be ready for commercial production of NBR gloves. And the second 
line we would add is for PU gloves, which will happen right after maybe by within one month 
or two months or so.  
 
And regarding the other product line, I think helmets as well will be something we plan to move 
and start production by December of this year. And the eyewear and other products will follow 
later. So, first is NBR, the PU and the helmets which will start within this financial area itself 
and the others will take more time for development.  
Aradhana Jain: 
So, what are the sort of revenue expectations that we have from this particular facility? I believe 
that the peak sales from this particular facility was around 100 crores that we had projected. So, 
in the current year, do you see some bit of revenue flowing in from this particular facility? And 
by when do we expect this 100 crores of peak sales to start kicking in? 
Rohit Mall: 
Yes, I think for the current year, we will see probably 4-5 crores coming from this facility and 
the 100 CR target should be hit. Hopefully, we are expecting it to hit within 3 years' time.  
Aradhana Jain: 
Also, if you would throw some light on the export market, how has the demand outlook been in 
the 2nd Quarter? Also, was there any logistic challenges that you guys faced? And how has the 
competitive landscape developed?  
Rohit Mall: 
So, the demand from the export market has been good. Barring some countries like Turkey and 
Argentina, where they had their own internal issues and not being very importer friendly in those 
countries, rest of the countries have been good. Europe is coming out of the economic issues that 
they were in last year and due to the war and everything. So, it's getting better and because last 
year we have also had some of our issues where we couldn't fulfill the order. So, that's also 
happened, and now we are on track. So, that has also added. 

 
 
Mallcom (India) Limited  
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
So, it's a good place we are in. And as compared to the competitive landscape, mostly, and also 
because of, I think, Trump winning the American election, a lot of people, especially in the 
States and then the rest of the country, rest of the world, they are worried about reducing taxes 
on Chinese imports into the country, and probably they are looking to have a parallel supply 
chain, and we have had a lot of interesting discussions about this as well with American 
companies especially. That's also a country where we want to grow. So, we are keeping a close 
watch, and we are hopeful that this will reap some good benefits for us.  
Aradhana Jain: 
And if any logistic challenges that you guys face? I understand that Mallcom, most of the sales 
happen on FOB basis, but any issue that you guys would have faced because of the Red Sea 
crisis still persisting or any sort of issue?  
Rohit Mall: 
Yes, so this is almost like regular business for us. There are something or the other which is 
happening. Earlier it was COVID and then this Red Sea crisis, and there are container shortages 
in between. Also, because there are very few shipping lines who are servicing worldwide, so it's 
a very oligopoly kind of market and they control the prices, they control the availability. So, our 
hands as a manufacturer are tied. Even our importers' hands are tied. But we try to ensure that 
we are able to service our clients, but that definitely leads to longer lead times and the revenue 
cycle extends for us. But I think this is just part and parcel of the business that we are in.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Rishabh Shah from BugleRock PMS. 
Please go ahead.  
Rishabh Shah: 
Sir, in the last call, we had discussed that we are in the mode of adding more distributors. So, 
how many have we added them in the last four to five years and what new steps are we taking 
to add more distributors?    
Rohit Mall: 
So, that number specifically, Rishabh, I don't have it ready with me, but if I am not wrong, I 
think definitely we would have added anywhere between 15 to 20 or maybe more in the last four 
to five years. And yes, we are always on the lookout for adding new distributors. And we 
regularly, when we are going to, let's say, these exhibitions or conducting technical seminars and 
symposiums, we are looking for distributors.  
 
We have a good, healthy database and inbound inquiries also coming in for distributorship. And 
we consider each application properly, but we have our list of criteria which will be fulfilled. 
We are also targeting the distributors which have better reach into the markets where we are not 
present. So, these kinds of regular activities are taken up on our end to ensure that our reach in 
the country and outside is covered properly.  
Rishabh Shah: 
So, sir, roughly on top of your head, you said around 15 to 20 distributors in the last four to five 
years. The number is low. Is it because the criteria is that you have to fulfill other distributors or 
this is the pace we add the distributors?  

 
 
Mallcom (India) Limited  
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Rohit Mall: 
Yes. So, we definitely are a little picky with our distributors because a lot of people, lot of our 
distributors may also be doing a lot of volume for us, but they may not be, let's say, meeting the 
criteria. So, we are getting it serviced through one of our existing distributors also, because for 
us, as you know, that we work on only a cash basis in the market. So, that's an important criteria, 
which, especially in India, not all distributors are oriented to this kind of working. So, that's why 
it gets a little picky when we select our distributors, but we would like to follow that.  
Rishabh Shah: 
So, my second question is since certifications is the major differentiating factor for Mallcom 
than the others, so, is the Government of India more supportive of it? And how has the support 
from the Government of India changed in the past years for you?  
Rohit Mall: 
Yes, so certification is one of the USPs that we have apart from others. And that's definitely 
something that we would like to propagate more about. And in the last four, five years, the 
government and BIS has been very active in ensuring that certifications are followed and 
ensuring the cheap, low quality uncertified products are not imported or not manufactured, or 
the fake and spurious products are taken out of the market or the market study is being done 
properly.  
 
So, we are definitely seeing a lot of now activity happening as compared to previous years. And 
we are hopeful that more and more standards will come into the picture and implementation of 
the standards will get even more stricter. But there is only till a certain level that the government 
can do. It's also about the users and the purchasers, and then exercising their rights and being 
aware about the certification standards. So, a lot of awareness also needs to happen with the 
users and the purchasers.  
Rishabh Shah: 
So, just a follow up on that one. You said the standards are already there. The implementation 
is happening. So, as compared to previous years, were the standards there and implementation 
was not happening? Or did it change? The implementation is happening right now and new 
standards are coming in place.  
Rohit Mall: 
It depends on the product category. So, some standards, for example, standard for footwear, 
standard for helmets has been there for a long time, but the implementation was weaker, that's 
getting stronger. Something like a standard for hand protection, India still does not have it. So, 
we need to make new standards and there are already talks of making new standards and a lot of 
these products, India did not like for high visibility clothing, that was a recent standard that was 
created for the new market. So, I think it is in different stages for the product category.  
Rishabh Shah: 
Sir, my last question, and then I will join back in the queue. You said that product awareness 
and availability should be there. So, as you say, the market is shifting from the unorganized 
sector to the organized sector. So, what steps Mallcom is taking for product awareness and 
availability?  

 
 
Mallcom (India) Limited  
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Rohit Mall: 
So, in fact, a lot of steps and that has been our idea to go into the market where we talk about 
the product. So, like I mentioned before, we do seminars and symposiums where we call safety 
officers, and all the key decision makers and explain them about the standards and certifications 
and what kind of products will be used for what kind of hazard.  
 
We have actually recently partnered with Chacha Chaudhary and Sabu IP where we are using 
Chata Chaudhary and Sabu's character to propagate about safety standards and workplace safety 
and hazard in general and so these kind of activities. When we are going into exhibitions, we are 
talking about these sort of things as well, and even if you ever follow our social media or on 
YouTube or on Facebook that that's what we majorly also talk about. So, it's a regular and 
continuous exercise and it's a, I think, joint effort by everybody in the industry including our 
competitors and the government, but these are some of the activities that we are doing to ensure 
that our users get awareness.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Kashvi from JRK Stock Broking. Please 
go ahead.  
Kashvi: 
First of all, I would like to congratulate the management on a great set of numbers. I have a 
couple of questions. As we said, we are aiming for a 1,000-crore revenue in two years' time. Can 
you please elaborate what are the specific drivers for the demand growth and what percentage 
of growth is anticipated from domestic versus international markets in the coming quarters?  
Rohit Mall: 
So, in terms of demand, I think there is healthy demand in the export market as well as the 
domestic market. Definitely, we would like to and I think the idea is and what will eventually 
happen is the growth, large chunk of the growth will come from the domestic market. But like I 
said to a previous caller, with the kind of landscape in the export market, it seems interesting 
that the export market will also be likely to grow if you are able to meet with the requirements 
for the importers.  
 
So, on the demand side, I think there is sufficient demand for us to achieve this target. It is on 
us how quickly we are able to ensure that operationally and expansion-wise we are prepared to 
cater to this demand and reach to our target, it is in the defined time.  
Kashvi: 
But sir, we do not have any clarification on the domestic versus international demand, right? 
Rohit Mall: 
Sorry, can you come again?  
Kashvi: 
But we do not have any bifurcation or any clarification on the domestic versus the international 
demand.  
Rohit Mall: 
So, I think it's a 60-40 ratio, I think probably in the next 2-3 years, this ratio will start moving 
more towards the domestic. Eventually we want to go into 50-50, but I am not sure if that will 
happen in the next few years, but maybe in the long term, yes, that's where we want to go.  

 
 
Mallcom (India) Limited  
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Kashvi: 
And sir, can you elaborate on the company's strategy for launching new products and segments 
like head and hand protection? And how much is the revenue expected out of these new 
launches?  
Rohit Mall: 
So, in terms of this, so one, the NBR glove that we are doing, it's more of a product going in 
depth into a single product, because we are already doing NBR, but PU what we are launching 
is a new, it's a product extension that we are doing. Helmets is also not a product extension, but 
again depth, because we are adding more designs with more styles to it. Eyewear in the future, 
yes, will be a product extension, and I believe from the Sanand plant where most of these things 
are happening, definitely 100 Cr revenue is expected. And also from the phase 2 expansion that 
we are doing in Ghatakpukur here for shoes, I think maybe around 20 Cr more additional revenue 
is what we are expecting.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Zakin Ashar an investor. Please go ahead.  
Zakin Ashar: 
Congratulations Rohitji for the recent growth numbers which Mallcom has projected, done for 
this quarter. Sir, what would be the white label versus branded share as of now, and what are 
your thoughts on what Mallcom would like to be maybe next three to four quarters or when you 
reach 1000 crore turnover?  
Rohit Mall: 
So, the split is very much similar as the export versus domestic because largely, in domestic we 
are only doing branded and some parts of Southeast Asia and Middle East where we are doing 
branded. So, I think the ratio is largely 60% of private label and 40% of branded that we are 
doing. We will take a couple of percentage here and there and in the future, yes, that's what I 
said that 50-50 is what we are looking at. Maybe in the next two, three years, it will start 
gradually moving. Maybe in the three years, maybe we see like 45-55 something like that, and 
eventually in five years maybe 50-50 is where we want to head. 
Zakin Ashar: 
And are you satisfied with the way things are moving towards 28, sir, when broadly you have 
projected a 1,000 crore? 
Rohit Mall: 
We would definitely like to do better. We, like if you ask me, we would like to definitely hit the 
target before the timeline comes. That's the best case scenario, but we are are very mindful of 
what we have committed, and we are on it, and like I said, it depends. It's the function of how 
quickly we are able to expand and how much operational efficiency we can bring to ensure that 
we are able to capture the demand. So, like I said, there is demand. It just needs to be captured.  
Zakin Ashar: 
One small follow-up, sir. Do you see the Indian safety sector in terms of statutory regulations 
improving over time, sir, or it still remains flat?  
Rohit Mall: 
So, definitely we are seeing most of the sectors in India, in terms of compliances, they are getting 
better, also because the statutory norms are getting stricter. And I think, in general, because when 
the wages increases, the cost of labor is higher, you want to ensure that you are keeping your 

 
 
Mallcom (India) Limited  
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
labors protected. Otherwise, there is a lot of implications and not to mention the cost of replacing 
that labor as well.  
 
So, I think because of those kinds of issues, it is getting more and more prevalent in the Indian 
landscape. And I think going ahead, also, a lot of these MNCs will bring in their international 
standards. So, they are also influencing what the Indian MNCs are purchasing. So, I think it's a 
function of all of these, and it is definitely getting better.  
Zakin Ashar: 
And sir, how easy or difficult is it to import these kinds of stuff into India, sir?  
Rohit Mall: 
Not so easy. It's a large country. A lot of different states have a lot of different regulations. 
Different industries work in different manners. There is a lot of bureaucracy as well in the 
country. So, it is taking time. It won't come easy.  
Zakin Ashar: 
No, but is it easy to import the FDA equipment into the country, sir? Maybe something like a 
helmet or gloves, is it easy to import or are there some restrictions on import of these?  
Rohit Mall: 
Oh, Yes, so it depends on the product. So, the basic rule is, if there is an Indian standard to it, 
then importers and the exporters from the other countries are required to have the BIS license. 
But if there is no standard, for example in safety gloves, then anybody can import anything from 
anywhere. So, it depends on, one, if there is a standard or not and two, how strictly they are 
being followed. Sometimes even with the standard, these things come into the country without 
any checks. But where there is no standard, then anybody can order anything, 100%.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Gagan Shah, an investor. Please go ahead.  
Gagan Shah: 
So, broadly all my questions are answered. Just a quick comment. Sorry, I might have missed 
your initial remarks. So, can you comment? I think this quarter there was a big drop in our 
margins. Can you comment on that?  
 
And subsequent to that, the second question would be, so when we reach our goals, when you 
said that the demand is there, the market has to be captured, and when we reach our target of 
which is 1,000 crores, and all our capacity is coming in and getting fully utilized, with operating 
leverage coming in, so can we go to margins above 15%-18%? Any thoughts, color on that? For 
this quarter as well as when we reach 1,000 crores, what can we look at?  
Shyam Sundar Agrawal: 
So, regarding margin, this quarter, Yes, definitely we had a little bit drop in the EBITDA margin 
because of, as Rohit mentioned, looking at our future growth plans, and we are now investing 
into brand promotion and the marketing efforts as well as we have appointed few consultants 
who are helping us in getting these targets and also some system oriented issues like production 
efficiency we are trying to improve. So, this is there we are investing.  

 
 
Mallcom (India) Limited  
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
So, these are for this half and quarter, we definitely have incurred some additional expenditure, 
but going forward we don't see the percentage might be going down, and Yes, definitely to take 
care of future growth requirement, we are doing this. So, because of that, we had a little bit 
decline in the EBITDA margin. 
Gagan Shah: 
And when we reach the full scale, what can we look at?  
Shyam Sundar Agrawal: 
Yes, definitely, in that case the margin, EBITDA margin has to improve. This is what we target, 
and as I mentioned that the effort we are taking now with that is sort of investment which we are 
making and must give us better result and better margins also in future.  
Gagan Shah: 
Can it be above 15%-18% range?  
Shyam Sundar Agrawal: 
Not 18%, but let us target first 15%. So, that should be the first step, and definitely if we are 
doing 13%-13.5% of now with the operation efficiency and we are also, as you will see that we 
are consolidating our operations also. So, one big plant in Sanand, one in Ghatakpukur. So, 
definitely scale will give us some additional benefit also. So, Yes, let us target first 15% and 
then we will see. So, that is achievable, Yes, over the period.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Aradhana Jain from B&K Securities. 
Please go ahead.  
Aradhana Jain: 
Just to follow up on the previous question. So, on the other expenses side, like you said that you 
actually incurred expenses on the advertisement and sales promotion. So, could you just give us 
how much have you spent on that in terms of your percentage of sales and whether going forward 
that is going to continue, or it is a onetime cost that you have incurred towards selling and 
consultancy cost? How are we placed on that?  
Shyam Sundar Agrawal: 
So, it is for the period, it is in the range of 2% almost. So, how it is happening that there is a 
consultant cost also in the range of 1%, and apart from that we have, as Rohit mentioned in his 
address, we are attending a lot of fairs and seminars, both in India, outside India. So, this time 
we attended in U.S., Europe also, then Middle East, then South Asia. So, everywhere, all the big 
fairs we are attending. So, there has to be cost associated with this. So, going forward, Yes, this 
cost has to be there, but with the increasing turnover, definitely the percentage will go down.  
Aradhana Jain: 
Secondly, your inventory has gone up in the first half of the year. So, what are the reasons for 
that? And is there any seasonality angle to your business because of which you put in a more 
inventory in the first half?  
Shyam Sundar Agrawal: 
No, so let me tell you this. In our type of business, we are supposed to keep the inventory in the 
range of up to 100 days. So, this quarter and half, the inventory is basically in line with the 
growth also. So, we had 14% growth and there is an increase in inventory.  

 
 
Mallcom (India) Limited  
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Apart from that, definitely as of now what we have seen that in last year also we had supply 
chain issues and because of that to take care of that and also to increase the operational efficiency 
and productivity, we are keeping some buffer stock.  
 
So, definitely little bit, not much, but Yes, stock is on little bit higher side, but in going forward 
it should be coming down, but it remains in the range of 90 to 110 days. That would be there 
because, you know, type of nature of operations we are into.  
Aradhana Jain: 
Just last question from my end. The e-commerce website that you guys have launched, so any 
thoughts on that? What's it going to be like? What are you expecting from it? Is it going to cater 
to B2C or it will also have B2B client? What sort of expectations are there from the website?  
Rohit Mall: 
So, we were already on e-commerce marketplaces like Amazon, Flipkart, JioMart etc. Now, 
after almost two, three years of having experience from there, we have launched our own e-
commerce website and this is in a very initial stage.  
 
The idea is to, because we saw that there was demand from direct consumers for our product as 
well, so we thought, okay, why not reach out to them directly? So, that's why this is primarily to 
cater to the D2C audience. Also, maybe to small consumers of our products, maybe having 10, 
20 pairs of orders for gloves, shoes whatever to they don't want to go maybe through the 
distributor route as there is no benefit. So, they would like to purchase directly.  
 
So, the idea is to capture that kind of a market, and we very hopeful. We have not done any 
marketing of this as yet and we are already getting orders on it. So, we are just engaging and 
improving also the website based on feedback. Hopefully within six months or a year's time, we 
will have more inputs on this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Rishabh Shah from BugleRock PMS. 
Please go ahead.  
Rishabh Shah: 
I have one question. On the pricing front, can you explain in detail the domestic and the 
international front, what is the difference in the strategy you use as well as the difference in the 
price between you and the peers, both domestic as well as the international?  
Rohit Mall: 
See, strategy wise, the export market in each, we try to focus on each country, on each product 
category, which country, which product category makes sense for us, where we are competitive 
against, let's say, the other countries, mostly China and which is based on the raw material, based 
on duties, based on our expertise. So, we filter it like that and that's how we approach. And we 
try and target the large importers and brand owners there by visiting them and meeting them in 
the fairs.  
 
And for the domestic, the idea is to increase the penetration in the market, add more distributors, 
add more resellers, have our planning exercise done properly and also have a complete basket 

 
 
Mallcom (India) Limited  
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
of products that they would like to buy. So, the idea is to basically ensure a good distribution 
channel and service levels of our products. Obviously in both cases, quality is the basic idea that 
we have to meet.  
 
In terms of pricing, that's a very, I can't make a generalized statement. It depends on the market. 
It depends on the product category. So, in the Indian market, brands are definitely not the most 
cheapest ones that there is, but there is a quality to each price, I would say. It is very specific. It 
is a case-to-case basis.  
Rishabh Shah: 
And sir, my last question just wanted to ask, there is a, let's say, from the 21st to 23rd of 
November, there is an exhibition on the Premier Occupational Safety and Health event. Is 
Mallcom coming there?  
Rohit Mall: 
You are talking about OSH in Mumbai?  
Rishabh Shah: 
Yes.  
Rohit Mall: 
We will be only going as a visitor, not as an exhibitor. We used to be an exhibitor in the past, in 
that, and now we are not there as an exhibitor. We are participating in a lot more other industries' 
specific exhibitions. For example, we took part in exhibition. We are taking part in the Bauma, 
which is for construction in Delhi. So, we are going into other industries' exhibitions more so 
than our industries' exhibitions, because that's a more smaller scale compared to the other 
industries, which are much, much larger. So, our strategy is a little different.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Manav Vijay from MV Investments. 
Please go ahead.  
Manav Vijay: 
So, Rohit, I have, let's say, two questions for you. If you can just help us understand, I think you 
were sounding positive for demand in EU and for U.S. as well. So, is it more to do with the 
outcome of the U.S. elections, or is it more fundamental in nature because the manufacturing 
activity is making a comeback in these two continents?  
Rohit Mall: 
So, different, different reasons, I would say. So, Trump election has just happened now, but what 
had happened before is that a lot of people were trying to prepare themselves in case of this 
eventuality. And if tariffs are to be increased from, let's say, China-made products, so a lot of 
people had started this discussion of resourcing. So, that's what one of the issues is, that's what 
happened, and definitely the other thing is the increase in the manufacturing activities in these 
countries.  
 
For Europe, again, it's not as great of a demand as, let's say, other countries because it's a very 
saturated market and the economy there itself isn't growing as much, but definitely they are also 
thinking of this China Plus One policy. And also, for them, a lot of manufacturing that used to 

 
 
Mallcom (India) Limited  
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
happen for the low-cost products from, let's say, North Africa or East Europe, that's also starting 
to get expensive because these countries are starting to get expensive.  
 
So, that's why they are looking to move further East into Asia and also the increase of their own 
manufacturing in some of the countries like France, because of energy mostly happening. And 
in Europe also, not all countries have the same kind of demand and economy. It depends on 
country to country, but Yes, there are different factors which are contributing.  
Manav Vijay: 
Second question is, so we have done roughly 130 crores of sales in this quarter, 20% up Y-o-Y 
and 26% up quarter-on-quarter. Is any one-off that you can call out that was there in this quarter, 
which helped you to have this kind of growth or it was business as usual?  
Rohit Mall: 
This has been business as usual, and I don't think there is any one specific activity which 
happened. The only thing that I have said in the past is last year we had faced supply chain issue 
for our garmenting operations, and I think those back orders are also being cleared. So, that's 
something that has added on to this first half of the year. But other than that, I don't think 
anything else has happened.  
Manav Vijay: 
So, the probability of you, let's say, repeating this quarter number in H2 as well, is that 
probability is high or that is low?  
Rohit Mall: 
We are trying to stay on this path, and that's the target, and that's what we want to achieve. 
Manav Vijay: 
My last question is, can you spell out the CAPEX for next year? Because I believe that this year, 
your second phase of Sanand will get done and also the expansion that you are doing in 
Ghatakpukur as well, that should get over. So, what do we have for FY '26?  
Shyam Sundar Agrawal: 
Yes, so as I mentioned, this year itself we are investing around 75 Cr by March 25. And for the 
next year, as of now, there would be only normal capacity addition we should keep doing. So, 
normal CAPEX in the range of 10 Cr, which is routine CAPEX we are doing. No specific further 
expansion is planned as of now.  
Manav Vijay: 
And Rohit, if you can also share about that land in Kolkata. Has anything happened further on 
that?  
Shyam Sundar Agrawal: 
Rohit, let me answer this. So, just look at the notes which we have in the account. So, this year, 
we have received around 27 Cr as advance from the JDA. And so, what has happened that they 
have approached us with the proposal for outright sale, which we are still considering and the 
deal is yet to be finalized. So, the idea is that instead of going for partnership thing, we might be 
coming out of this with an outright sale. And so, whenever it happens, we will let you know. 
And Yes, so that is what is happening as of now.  
Manav Vijay: 
And Shyamji, this amount of 27 crores is already there in the cash flow or is it yet to come? 

 
 
Mallcom (India) Limited  
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Shyam Sundar Agrawal: 
Yes, it is already there in the cash flow as on date. So, on the date of the balance sheet that is 30 
September, it was 17 Cr and till date it is 27 Cr, which we have already received. And most 
likely, we will be going for the outright sale of the land. So, whenever it happens, we will let 
you know.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Anik Mitra from Finnomics Solution. 
Please go ahead.  
Anik Mitra: 
Sir, can you give me a guide roadmap for your 1,000 crore top line?  
Rohit Mall: 
Yes, but I don't understand what you mean by a roadmap. 
Anik Mitra: 
The roadmap means how we will be arriving at 1,000 crore top line. So, production from the 
new facilities, what kind of revenue addition from various new facilities, from your expansion 
and how this 1,000 crore will be achieved?  
Rohit Mall: 
See, in terms of market and in terms of our business, as we mentioned, I think out of that, 400 
to 500 should be from domestic and 500 to 600 should be from the export market which is also 
private label versus branded. That should be the mix. And the Phase 1 of Sanand and Phase 2 of 
Ghatakpukur should be able to add this kind of revenue. Maybe we will have to start Phase 2 of 
Sanand as well for this, but that call we will only take maybe in a year's time and the rest of the 
facilities are already geared up.  
 
We are regularly also based on, these are the fixed capacities that we are increasing, but there 
are also a lot of fungible capacities where we can increase shift, we can add more lines to our 
stitching. So, we can subcontract also. Those kind of things can also be done too, but those only 
happen when we see the order book is healthy and it's a sustained order book.  
 
So, that's how we are trying to achieve and also like I said, there is product extension happening 
and more depth into a product category also happening across product lines. So, I think all these 
activities will help to achieve that.  
Anik Mitra: 
And are we anticipate a similar kind of margin like as Mr. Shyam was saying about 15% target 
margin, EBITDA margin. So, at 1,000 crore also can we anticipate a 15% margin or are you 
looking for something, some addition over there, some further expansion over there?  
Rohit Mall: 
No, I think as Shyam ji mentioned that the margin profile, I think, will largely remain the same. 
We are not expecting it to grow. I think because also a lot of this expansion, the product 
development, the selling expenses are also increasing. So, that's where margin is also taking a 
hit. So, we are hoping to maintain the same margins with the growth. 
Anik Mitra: 
And any ballpark number for means I am saying about in ratio term, what is the contribution of 
helmet, glove and shoes in the top line?  

 
 
Mallcom (India) Limited  
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Shyam Sundar Agrawal: 
So, Rohit, let me answer this. So, as of now for the current half year, the shoe remains the leading 
contributor around 42%, then we have hand safety and garment equally 27%-28%, and rest 
coming from other products like helmets. Helmets may be 2% as of now, but it is growing fast. 
So, this is what as of now we are doing.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Rishabh from RSPL. Please go ahead.  
Abdul Qadir: 
This is Abdul Qadir here. So, just a couple of questions, sir. I just wanted to understand now 
with the U.S. elections behind us, like this China Plus One policy, like what opportunity this 
could throw for us? So if you could just please explain in terms of numbers, if you can just throw 
some light on it, like how much opportunity can we expect from this?  
Rohit Mall: 
So, very difficult to quantify it because we are still going through the phase. And like I said, 
nothing has changed in business sense, but people are anticipating that things will change. It 
might also happen that things don't change, and the duties structure still remains the same. But 
we are definitely receiving a lot of inquiries and new inquiries also, and from existing customers 
also increased inquiry, but very difficult to quantify it at this point in time. Our idea will be to 
grow and penetrate deeper into the U.S. market. And every year, every quarter, that number 
should increase for us and the revenue percent coming out of the U.S. should also increase for 
us. That is what our idea.  
Abdul Qadir: 
So, like, is it possible to give a sense based on like historical trends, so like in '17-'18, when this 
thing had happened, so what quantum of growth had come to us? So, is it possible to at least get 
a sense on that?  
Rohit Mall: 
Even historically, U.S. was never a big market for us. When in the past also we were putting our 
effort, but it was a slow growing market. And because it is a market where it's difficult to get an 
entry into a customer. But once you have gotten an entry, it's a sticky customer as compared to 
maybe, let's say, European or South American customers. So, the efforts are still there. We would 
definitely like to grow in the U.S. in terms of percentage more than what the overall export 
growth is because we see more growth coming out and we are also comparing ourselves in terms 
of the products that they like, in terms of the raw materials that they like to ensure that we get 
the same thing that they are expecting from, let's say, China or any other competitor in India. I 
am expecting a healthy growth from that market.  
Shyam Sundar Agrawal: 
Rohit, just to add on, we can refer to what is the world market size of PPE. So, it is in the range 
of 60 billion almost. And most of it, so maybe up to 75% of this has been catered by China. So, 
big market, basically if anyone start talking of shifting it to some other place, just look at the 
numbers, you know, how big it number can be. But to cater this you need infra and capacity. So, 
this is what will happen gradually and slowly. So, this is what we are looking at trying it.  

 
 
Mallcom (India) Limited  
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Abdul Qadir: 
Just one more follow up. I just wanted to understand your point of view, like if there is any 
acquisition which you guys are contemplating? So, to achieve our 1,000 crore target sales, is 
there anything on table or if it comes during the course of the year, like this is possible?  
Rohit Mall: 
Yes, definitely we are always on the lookout if an opportunity presents, we would definitely like 
to take a look into it. We are not discussing with anyone actively right now, but Yes, if there is 
a possibility, we are open to it.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Tushar Vasuja from Yogya Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Tushar Vasuja: 
I have a couple of questions on your new capacity. So, firstly, what could be the margin profile 
of the new products in Sanand facility?  
Shyam Sundar Agrawal: 
So, we expect it to be in the range of, see, these are all basically the synthetic glass, which we 
are planning and helmet we are planning initially. So, we have currently margin in the range of 
10% to 15%. So, we target that. So, up to 15%, it should be, Yes.  
Tushar Vasuja: 
And sir with eye protection?  
Shyam Sundar Agrawal: 
Yes, that would be the new product. So, let us see. So, again, the overall part, as you see, it 
should be in a similar range, 13%-15% margin we will target.  
Tushar Vasuja: 
And sir, how much additional manufacturing capacity will you get after Sanand and 
Ghatakpukur CAPEX?  
Shyam Sundar Agrawal: 
So it should be, both the units should be giving us around additional turnover of up to 200 to 
225 crore turnover in excess of what we are doing now.  
Tushar Vasuja: 
And sir, can you give us capacity or revenue breakdown from the, let's say, 100 crores around 
for the Sanand capacity, what would be the breakup in terms of eye protection, gloves and 
helmet?  
Shyam Sundar Agrawal: 
Mostly it would be hand protection. Helmet would be on the, you know, maybe up to 10% to 
20% of turnover will come from helmet. But mostly it would be hand protection.  
Tushar Vasuja: 
And sir, last question. What would be the utilization ramp-up scheduled for Sanand facility?  
Shyam Sundar Agrawal: 
We are just starting. So, we target to achieve the top line, you know, the target turnover within 
the next 2-3 years. So, this year we target turnover in the range of 5 to 10 Cr and up to 5 Cr 
maybe. Then let us see how it develops.  

 
 
Mallcom (India) Limited  
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As we have no further questions, I would like to now hand it over to the management 
for closing comments.  
Rohit Mall: 
Thank you all for participating in the Earnings Conference Call. I hope we were able to answer 
your questions satisfactorily and at the same time offer insights into our business. If you have 
any further questions or would like to know more about the company, please reach out to our 
Investor Relations Managers at Valorem Advisors. Thank you. Stay safe and stay healthy.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited, that concludes the conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
