 
 
Novembe
 
Subject:
Strategy
 
Dear Sir/
 
Pursuant 
Obligatio
transcript
strategy u
 
The abo
http://ww
 
We reque
 
Thanking
 
Yours fai
For Mar
 
 
 
Harshava
Compan
 
Encl: As ab
BSE Lim
Corporat
PhirozeJe
Dalal Str
Mumbai 
Scrip Co
er 25, 2024 
 Transcript
y update 
/Madam, 
to Regulati
ons and Di
t of the inv
update held 
ove inform
ww.marksans
est you to tak
g you. 
ithfully, 
rksans Phar
ardhan Panig
ny Secretary
bove 
mited 
te Relation D
eejeeboi Tow
reet,  
– 400001. 
de: 524404 
t of investor
ion 30 read 
sclosure Re
vestor(s) / 
on Novembe
mation is a
spharma.com
ke the afores
rma Limited
grahi 
y  
Department 
wers, 
r(s)/analyst(
with Para A
equirements)
analyst(s) m
er 13, 2024. 
also availa
m/investors-m
said on reco
d 
(s) meet – Q
A of Part A 
) Regulation
meet for Q2
able on th
meet.html 
rds. 
   Natio
   Listin
   Excha
   Bandr
   Bandr
   Symb
 
Q2FY2025 F
of Schedule
ns, 2015, k
2FY2025 fin
he website 
nal Stock E
g Departmen
ange Plaza, C
ra-Kurla Com
ra (East), Mu
ol: MARKS
Financial per
e III of the 
kindly find 
nancial perf
of the C
Exchange of 
nt  
C-1, Block-G
mplex, 
umbai – 400
SANS 
rformance a
SEBI (Listin
enclosed th
formance an
Company i
f India Limi
G, 
0051. 
 
and            
ng 
he 
nd 
.e. 
ted 
HARSHAVARDH
AN PANIGRAHI
Digitally signed by 
HARSHAVARDHAN 
PANIGRAHI 
Date: 2024.11.25 10:03:17 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
“Marksans Pharma Limited 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 13, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MARK SALDANHA – FOUNDER, CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. JITENDRA SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KASHISH THAKUR – ELARASECURITIES INDIA 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Marksans Pharma Q2 FY25 Conference Call 
hosted by Elara Securities India Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kashish Thakur from Elara Securities India Private 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Kashish Thakur: 
Thank you, Aditya. Good evening, everyone. A very warm welcome to Marksans Pharma Q2 
FY25 Earnings Call hosted by Elara Securities India Private Limited. On the call today, we are 
representing Marksans Pharma Management -Mr. Mark Saldanha, Founder, Chairman and 
Managing Director,Mr. Jitendra Sharma, Chief Financial Officer. Before I hand over the call to 
the management, please note the disclaimer. Certainstatements made by the management in 
today's call may be forward-looking statements. 
 
These forward-looking statements reflect management's best judgment and analysis as of 
today. The actual results may differ materially from the current expectations based on number 
of factors affecting the business. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Mark sir to givethe opening comments, and then we will open 
the floor for questions. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Mark Saldanha: 
Thank you. Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us in our Q2 &H1 FY25 earnings 
conference call. We appreciate your continuous interest and support for the company. I am 
delighted to share that we have another strong quarter marked by a broad-based growth across 
all our markets. Our revenue grew by 20.8% year-on-year in Q2 FY25, led by a very strong 
performance in the US, followed by Australia &New Zealand. 
 
The US market grew and remains our strategic focus for growth. UK &Europe witnessed a 
relatively soft quarter due to seasonality, and we expect to bounce back in the second half on 
the onset of the winter season. 
 
Australia&New Zealand business also came in very strong this quarter with an improved 
growth trajectory. The continued focus on our product mix has enabled us to deliver a 
significant expansion in our gross margin and also achieve an all-time high quarterly EBITDA 
of INR135.7 crores. 
 
The manufacturing facility acquired from Teva Pharma is ramping up well and maintains on 
track to scale up operations. We expect this facility to supplement our growth further in the 
coming quarters. Our strategy of expanding our present business, new product launches and 
enhancing supply from our new facility will help us to achieve our next milestone, which 

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
we've always maintained at INR3,000 crores in revenue within the next 2 years. With this, I'd 
like to turn it over to Jitendra to update on our financials. 
Jitendra Sharma: 
Thank you, sir. For Q2 FY25, our operating revenue stood at INR641.9 crores, an increase of 
20.8% year-on-year compared with INR531.2 crores in the same quarter last year.Revenue 
from the US& North America market stood at INR304.2 crores, an increase of 36.8% on a 
year-on-year basis, driven by new product launches and increased market share. UK &EU 
formulary business grew by 5.7% year-on-year to INR246.7 crores. 
 
We witnessed mixed demand trends in this category.Australia &New Zealand market recorded 
revenue of INR63.6 crores, up by 31.3% year-on-year. The rest of the world recorded revenue 
of INR27.5 crores in Q2 FY25. Gross profit was at INR383.5 crores, up 37.7% year-on-year. 
Gross margin expanded by 732 basis points from 52.4% to 59.7% in Q2FY25. 
 
This was driven by a better product mix and continued softness in raw material prices. We 
recorded an all-time high EBITDA of INR135.7 crores in Q2 FY25, an increase of 19.1% 
year-on-year. The EBITDA margin for the quarter stood at 21.1%, primarily due to addition of 
new employees at the Teva facility and increase in the freight costs. Profit after tax was at 
INR97.8 crores compared to INR83.9 crores in Q2 FY24, an increase of 16.6% year-on-year. 
 
EPS for the quarter was INR2.1. R&D expense for Q2 came in at INR10.7 crores, i.e. 1.7% of 
the consolidated revenue. Now talking about half yearly performance, in H1 FY25, our 
operating revenuestood at INR1,232.5 crores, an increase of 19.5% compared with INR1.031.3 
crores in the same period last year. The US &North America market recorded revenue of 
INR555 crores, up 33.5% year-on-year basis and contributing 45% of the total revenue. 
 
The UK &EU market grew by 8.5% year-on-year to INR498.1 crores, contributing 40.4% to 
the revenue. Australia &New Zealand market recorded revenue of INR129.2 crores, an 
increase of 20.7% on a year-on-year basis. The Rest of the World recorded revenue of 
INR50.2 crores.Contribution from these 2 markets stood at 10.5% and 4.1% respectively.  
Gross profit was at INR712.4 crores, up 33% year-on-year. Gross margin increased by 584 
basis points from 52.0% to 57.8% in H1 FY25. EBITDA for the period was at INR264.1 
crores, an increase of 22.3% year-on-year. EBITDA margin stood at 21.4%, an improvement 
of 49 basis points over H1 FY24. Profit after tax was at INR186.8 crores compared to 
INR154.3 crores in H1 FY24, a growth of 21.1%. 
 
EPS for H1 FY25 was INR4.1. In H1 FY25, the cash from operations came in at INR77.1 
crores. The capex investments during the period were INR76.0 crores, which is in-line with 
our plan to scale up the acquired facility from Teva Pharma. We spent INR22.7 crores in R&D 
in H1, which amounted to 1.8% of the sales. We continue to remain debt free and cash balance 
stood at INR657 crores as of 30thSeptember 2024. 
 
With this, I would like to open the floor for questions and answers. Thank you very much. 

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
is from the line of Ishita Jain from Ashika Group. 
Ishita Jain: 
Congratulations on a good quarter. My first question is, so in this quarter, what is the revenue 
share from the Teva facility and the capacity utilization on it? 
Mark Saldanha: 
So, we have presently,our capacity utilization is around 40%. 
Ishita Jain: 
Okay. And the revenue share this quarter from Teva? 
Jitendra Sharma: 
Approximately INR100 crores. 
Mark Saldanha: 
Yes, approximately INR100 crores. 
Ishita Jain: 
My second question, can you... 
Mark Saldanha: 
Our current run rate is we are ranging around INR440 crores. I mean our current run rate is 
about INR440 crores a year. 
Ishita Jain: 
Understood. And my second question is, can you give some color on which were the new 
product launches in the U.S., which contributed in part for the growth in the top line from the 
US geography? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Well, it's in all three segments that we are in: pain, cough&cold and digestive. So, from that 
angle, we have quite a few products that have contributed. And this, again, constitutes mainly 
from market share that we have taken a bit of market share, more market penetration and a few 
product launches that happened during that time. 
Ishita Jain: 
Do you want to highlight any product or any specific therapy area? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Yes. That's what I said, right? The therapy is in pain anddigestive. You can put these 2 
ascategory areas. 
Ishita Jain: 
Got it, understood. And given how our gross margin is also inching up, could you comment on 
how the product mix is changing? I mean, is there any meaningful change in Rx versus OTC 
split or any other way that the product mix is changing? 
Mark Saldanha: 
No, right now, it is it is trending as to what we historically were doing. So, there is no product 
-- I mean, there is no mix change per se. But obviously, the gross margin has gone up because 
of a bit of a transition from a high-cost material to now lowering of raw material pricing, 
which has upgraded a bit of a contributing factor to improve our gross margin right now. 
Ishita Jain: 
Got it. And raw material prices are at similar levels even in quarter 3 or current quarter or is 
there a trend altering? 
Mark Saldanha: 
No, I think it is flattening, but it has obviously improved from historic highs. There's no two 
ways about it. And so, like I said, it's a transition and when you have raw material because we 

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
hold the inventory at a higher cost and then you have a mix of low-cost material coming into 
play, that's a bit of a transition that helped in the gross margin. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Aangi Sheth from Array Investments.  
Aangi Sheth: 
Congratulations on the great numbers. I wanted to know if there's any stability with the freight 
prices. 
Mark Saldanha: 
So, it has improved. We have seen some dramatic improvement in the last, you could say 30-
odd days, probably in the last one month. So, we have seen it softening and it has improved 
from what we saw in the last quarter. 
Aangi Sheth: 
Like could you give any ballpark figure because I think last quarter it was roughly around 
$6,000. 
Mark Saldanha: 
Yes, it was around $6,000, $6,500. Now we are seeing prices as low as $3,700, $3,600. 
Aangi Sheth: 
All right. And do we expect it to go any lower since I think on average, it used to be around 
$2,000 max, like roughly 3-4 months back? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Well, we always hope for the best and we hope.... 
Aangi Sheth: 
And any update with any of the merger and acquisitions? 
Mark Saldanha: 
No, presently nothing on table right now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Marusu Tharun, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
MarusuTharun: 
Sir, as we observe in the revenues from the US has increased a lot. Did we have any extra 
focus on the US over the UK? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Well, the focus is on both geographies, but we expected - our order book status was strong in 
the US and that's what we are executing. And the UK basically - Q2 is always a softer quarter 
because it is summer out there. So, it's a very seasonal trend that normally happens. It normally 
picks up in the third quarter and fourth quarter onwards. So, we do expect UK to be there. But 
from a growth point of view, US will be the growth driver followed by UK, which is going to 
be a potential market for us. 
MarusuTharun: 
And can you give me an outlook for FY25? 
Mark Saldanha: 
This is the FY25. You're talking of the... 
MarusuTharun: 
Q3, Q4. 
Mark Saldanha: 
The Q3... 
Jitendra Sharma: 
It will be a better quarter. 

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Mark Saldanha: 
We expect a stronger quarter than what we have done now because obviously, we do believe 
UK numbers will be a little better. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Aditya Pal from MSA Capital Partners. 
Please go ahead. 
Aditya Pal: 
Great set of numbers, congratulations to the team.Just wanted to ask again, what would be the 
status of investing in new capacities because Teva facility will cap out at INR800 crores odd. 
Mark Saldanha: 
Sorry, did you say INR300 croresodd? 
Aditya Pal: 
INR800 crores. 
Mark Saldanha: 
Yes, so obviously, then we have to look at expansion in terms of either new facilities or new 
blocks or new capex. But we do believe that we will - we are looking at touching INR800 
crores plus, you are right in that, and then we are working on our next step of projects in terms 
of capacity enhancement or greenfield or M&A. 
Aditya Pal: 
Because we have INR650 crores odd net cash sitting on our balance sheet and for the last few 
quarters, we are not - I would say last few years, we are not getting any new targets as well, 
even though we are putting our best efforts. So, I was just thinking that if we could start 
investing in capacities in India, would that make sense? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Believe me, we have tried. It's not as easy. You don't every day come across a Teva. So 
obviously some of the facilities available, the valuations are crazy. So, we try to shy away 
from those deals, and we always look for value-accretive M&As where we believe that - 
because we know that we need to invest a lot after acquiring, like we did for Teva. 
So, we try to get it at the price range that we wanted to. So, we are looking at it. You rightly 
said what's next beyond Teva and that is very well on our mind and our team is working on 
that. 
Aditya Pal: 
Perfect. Another question was, so our gross margin expanded quite well this quarter, both 
quarter-on-quarter as well as year-on-year. If you were to attribute the increase, how much 
would have come from our efforts of getting our raw materials contract manufactured, and 
how much would be because of raw material softening? 
Mark Saldanha: 
So basically, I would say 99.9% is raw material softening. I don't expect these numbers, the 
gross margin to sustain. This is just a transition of what you will see out there. But definitely, 
we should be around 53% to 55% gross margin level. 
Aditya Pal: 
Perfect. If I can squeeze one more, I wanted to know more on the Europe &UK. Definitely it 
has become a very large segment for us, and we have become the top-five player and trying to 
become the top-three. And we are also launching new products in UK this year. If you can give 
some commentary on UK for the next two-odd quarters? 

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Mark Saldanha: 
Basically, I can give a much longer outlook than a quarter outlook because there's always a 
seasonality effect in UK. But I do believe in the next coming years, UK will grow and we have 
a business module to see for the next five years to ensure that UK achieves new milestones. It 
is a very important part of our business model. It is a very important geography in our 
company. 
So, we do see that playing a very instrumental role moving forward. But again, the market 
size, we have to understand it's not like US, but we will be amongst the top.We're hoping that 
we should be among the top-three companies out there in UK within the next 2-3 years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kashish Thakur. 
Kashish Thakur: 
Sir, two questions from my end. Just wanted to understand the market scenario in Australia 
&New Zealand. So, like how long is the tender we get in the region, first, and second is like 
how big is the OTC market over there? What are the growth opportunities and what are we 
looking in or what are we planning to execute over there? That is first question. 
Second question is towards the R&D spend. So, what will be our R&D spend for FY25 and 
FY26 going ahead and how should we bifurcate it in our regions? So, can you just help us out 
with this, it would be very helpful, sir? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Yes. So Australian market is a very conservative market. In terms of the OTC portfolio, we 
can literally double our revenue from where we are over time. It's not going to happen 
overnight or in 1-2 years. We always like to believe that it will get us to $100 million mark 
eventually, but we have to workthrough that. This year we are hoping to be close to AUD42 
million and we are working towards that. Once we cross the first milestone of50 million, our 
business strategy is there to see it grow. 
In terms of R&D spend, we are spending slightly below 2% right now. And I would see it 
being stable at around 2%. And it is not for one geography, it is for all our geographies that we 
are catering to, mainly the US, Europe, UK and Australia. So, these are the geographies where 
most of our R&D spend is going on right now. In UK, we are definitely investing a lot in terms 
of R&D because we are looking at huge amount of filings and revenue potential with new 
product launches happening. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Deepesh Sancheti from Manya Finance. Please go ahead. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
My question was regarding the US market. After the change of government and with all the 
noise of Trump coming, how do you see the business? And do you see any potential risks or 
any particular changes which you need to do as a company to mitigate it? 
Mark Saldanha: 
See, Deepesh, honestly, I don't have a crystal ball. If I had a crystal ball, I would have defined 
who the next President would be in the US. But nevertheless, it is difficult to know what stance 
the next government takes, and the next President takes.  

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
And whatever policies and changes they do will have literally an advantage or an impact for 
everyone. I don't think even US companies or US factories will be insulated from tariffs or 
anything of that stuff. So, the impact we'll have will basically be passed on to the consumer, I 
guess. 
But again, we can only speculate because like I said I don't have a crystal ball as to what they 
are planning next, but we all hope for the best and we will take calls, or we will strategize only 
once we have a bit of more understanding and clarity on that. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Runit Kapoor from Elara Capital. 
Runit Kapoor: 
Yes. One question. So, can you just give a guidance on FY26? How is it looking as of now in 
terms of revenue and EBITDA? And what is your capex guidance also? 
Mark Saldanha: 
So, I do believe, like I mentioned in my earlier opening statement and what I mentioned in 
couple of quarters back that our next milestone is to achieve INR3,000 crores within the next 
two years. And I think we are trending towards that. So, we should be very close to hitting that 
number next year. I think our EBITDA will be in the range of 22%odd. It's stable. We don't 
foresee any cuts where that is concerned from an EBITDA point of view. 
Runit Kapoor: 
Okay. And theTeva manufacturing facility is right now at what capacity utilization? 
Mark Saldanha: 
I could say about 40% to 45%. We are trending at very close to INR440crores to INR450 
crores odd. I use the word trending because we've just started hitting our new numbers. So, 
when you look at that, I think we will keep increasing quarter-on-quarter and hopefully by next 
year, we will be trending at INR800crores odd. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Aditya Pal from MSA Capital Partners. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Pal: 
I just had a few follow-up questions. One was, sir, the freight cost, if you can give me for Q1 
and Q2, how much would be the absolute freight cost? 
Jitendra Sharma: 
So, see,actually freight cost during Q2, there was a substantial increase. And like in terms of 
the absolute number, it was in the range of around say INR60 crores as compared to a cost of 
around INR40 crores odd in Q1. 
Aditya Pal: 
Understood. And sir, if I were to also try to bifurcate expenses for Teva, how much would 
Teva cost you out of our total cost of INR248 crores overhead? 
Jitendra Sharma: 
See, Teva plant has broken even last quarter itself and it is basically contributing to the profits. 
So overall, Teva plant is generating positive profits, and it is not a drag on EBITDA. So, I can 
comment that much right now. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Mythili Balakrishnan from Alchemy Capital Management 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Mythili Balakrishnan: 
I wanted to check with you a couple of points. One is on the US business side, has there been 
any change to the business model, or have you added customers, or have you won wallet 
share? So, could you just explain how this growth has come about for us? 
Mark Saldanha: 
I would not say we've added a lot of customers. There might be the odd one here and there, but 
definitely we have expanded our product portfolios within the same customers. So that has 
given us growth, obviously when you instead of 3products, you start selling 5products or 
6products. So that has definitely helped us to grow from that angle.  
From a business model, it's still been very much the same as it was in the first quarter. The 
only thing is, like I said, our order book status is strong and that's where we do believe the 
revenue generation will continue in the coming quarters and will grow. 
Mythili Balakrishnan: 
Got it. And just to get a sense, some of the customers that we have are now reconsidering some 
of the number of stores that they have, they have reduced them, made other changes in terms 
of their business model of trying to split businesses, etcetera. Do you think any of that will 
have an impact in terms of our business? 
Mark Saldanha: 
It mayto some extent, but again while we talk about that being a bit of a drag in a certain way, 
our product mix, our product growth into those customers have increased or literally doubled. 
So that basically overshadows any ifs and buts that may arise. 
Mythili Balakrishnan: 
Got it. And to get us - sorry. 
Mark Saldanha: 
The consolidation from the retailers is a positive thing from their point of view because I think 
they will just get a bit stronger from a profitability and a viability point of view. 
Mythili Balakrishnan: 
Got it. And when we compete in the marketplace, is it the price that we are able to compete on 
because we have a very low cost of manufacturing or are there other aspects - weare sort of 
much better than competition, which enables us to grab this market share? 
Mark Saldanha: 
I think it's a mix of everything. You can't rule out price. We have economies of scale. But at 
the same time, it is service, it is product basket, product portfolio that actually also helps in the 
entire gamut of things. But it is at the end of the day being reliable and being able to service 
the requirements. 
Mythili Balakrishnan: 
Got it. And just to get a sense, in terms of the length of these contracts, what is the typical 
length for any one of these contracts with the customers? 
Mark Saldanha: 
It ranges from 2 to 4 years. 
Mythili Balakrishnan: 
2 to 4 years. And the product basket is something that we can increase within that? Or it's... 
Mark Saldanha: 
Yes, I mean, again depends on opportunities that come across. And every time a contract 
opens up, then you have an opportunity to either increase or lose. So, it depends on that. 

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Mythili Balakrishnan: 
Got it. And lastly, my question is a bit of a bookkeeping one. The inventory seems to have 
gone up in terms of the inventory days. So just wanted to get a sense of like any particular 
reason why that is happening for quite some time now? 
Mark Saldanha: 
These arebasically new launches, new launches into accounts, new product launches 
happening in. So, we normally have to build up 4 to 5 months of stock before they start taking 
product. And quite a substantial amount of our contracts started off only in the month of 
October, so we had stock buildup before they literally turn the button on. 
Mythili Balakrishnan: 
Got it. So that means that this inventory which is lying with us currently is now getting 
translated into sales? 
Mark Saldanha: 
It is getting translated into sales until the new launches come or different retailers coming to 
play, then we have to reinvent the cycle. So, this year, we are still far away from hitting our 
order book status because the product launch is happening from now tillMarch 2025, every 
month, every 2 months. So, we have to ensure those products are launched that we have 
inventory to ensure that the launch happens on day one. 
Mythili Balakrishnan: 
Got it. So, what I'm reading from this is that it will stay elevated till March at least. 
Mark Saldanha: 
Yes, it will stay till March, till we hit the optimum order and trend towards the order book that 
we plan for the year. 
Mythili Balakrishnan: 
Got it. Anything on the Rxbusiness that you're seeing in terms of growth or any launches, etc., 
that you are excited about? 
Mark Saldanha: 
We have a couple of products that we are talking about, UK hasquite a few Rxitems being 
launched, and we have a huge pipeline coming in maybe in 2025 that we see, new product 
launches happening out there. They all are high-end Rxitems and they're niche products. So, 
we expect a bit of an improvement in topline and bottom line happening out there. And U.S. 
obviously the pricing pressure in Rxis as challenging as it always gets. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.Our next question is from the line of Kashish Thakur. Please go ahead, sir. 
Kashish Thakur: 
Sir, just one question. Thank you for the follow up. Sir, we are doing very well in the three 
geographies in which we are present. So, any plan that we want to diversify, and we want to 
enter in other geographies as well, either in the domestic market or other.If not now, then 
maybe when can we plan to do that? Can you just guide us with the same? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Yes. So right now, obviously, Europe is our focus region that we are looking at expanding. So 
that becomes a priority for us to look at M&As and we've been looking at it for the last year, 
slightly over a year on that front. So, Europe is an interesting market that we'd like to get into. 
 
With regards to the domestic market, we're always open to M&As but nothing concrete and the 
complexity of any domestic contract or transaction happening in terms of valuations and 
sentiments attached to it is always a challenging factor. But we have nothing on our plate right 

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
now where domestic is concerned. But we would love to.We always explore any M&A based 
on its merit. 
Kashish Thakur: 
Thank you, sir. Sir, as we just spoke about, we are looking for opportunities in the domestic 
market. So, do we have any planned figure in our mind that we want to explore the opportunity 
which is within a specific figure, be it a small or a big acquisition? 
Mark Saldanha: 
I mean domestic market is more branded than generic. And whichever company - if a company 
comes across to us, we will obviously try to evaluate the brand strength and the continuity of 
that brand and the growth of the brand. So, it is a bit more different than most of the markets 
that we are into because globally, we are into generic market and out here, it's a bit of a 
branded market. 
 
But like I said, so far, we've not had anything that came across, we've not even seen any 
potential targets which have come across. If they do, then we will have to evaluate it at that 
time, based on different parameters that we historically look at M&As. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of AkashThawrani, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
AkashThawrani: 
Good evening. You mentioned that INR3,000 crores as a revenue number possibly in the next 
coming years, which now seems well within sight. So maybe, what's next, like what would 
your long-term vision for the company be, maybe like for a 7 to 10year horizon or are there 
any internal milestones that you currently have and where do you see the business grow? Just 
if you could throw some light on that, about your vision, that would be helpful. Thank you. 
Mark Saldanha: 
So, Akash, my vision is big, but it's not - I don't want to sound crazy in terms of giving a 
number right now because here we have quarterly calls. So, you're probably the only investor 
who is asking us for a 5 to 7year outlook status. So yes, we do have plans. We do have a 5-
year plan actually in place. 
 
We do see visibility of where the company will go, and it will evolve. It will evolve to a new 
company altogether. I mean a different company altogether, let's put it this way. Like we were 
2 years back, and if you look at us 4 years back where we were. So, we have grown and I do 
believe once we grow with size, then the next milestone will be relatively shorter to achieve. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Aejas Lakhani from Unifi Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Yes, hi, team. Thanks for the opportunity. Sorry, I joined in late. Mark, could you just call out 
what is the run rate of the U.S. business today and what is the order book visibility? Last, I 
recollect it was closer to about $170 million to$180 million. So, has that improved and what 
are we doing today? 
Mark Saldanha: 
So basically, our order book stands at $200 million now.There is an improvement. And like I 
had mentioned the last time that - it's grown. So, we obviously keep trying to increase sales, 

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
right? So we don't stop at $170 million or $180 million, we keep building our order book 
status. So, our quarter number is trending at around $40 million odd right now. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it. And you're expecting the acceleration to take place through the next year? From $40 
million to $50 million... 
Mark Saldanha: 
The first half of the year, obviously, most of the contracts started off only in September, 
October, a substantial amount. So, we literally lost the first half of the year. And if you see, 
that's where the growth will continue. We launched products, some in July, some in August, 
some in September, a decent amount in October and then we have something in Jan, Feb, 
March. So, we need a full cycle of 12 months to complete. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it. And all of these incrementally will be coming from the Teva facility, right? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Please go ahead, sir. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Yes. So, thanks. Mark, I just want to check. So basically the $40 million will start to trend to 
move towards $50 million by the next year and the incremental capacities will be coming from 
the Teva facility? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Yes, basically, it's also coming from our U.S. plant also therefore, I think we are growing from 
all the plants. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it. And could you just explain the sequential increase in other expenses? I understood that 
incrementally INR20 crores came from the freight cost increase, but what explains the 
balance? 
Jitendra Sharma: 
See, it is basically expenses coming out from Teva facility as well in terms of the 
manufacturing expenses and other expenses. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it. And we would be in the process of scaling up that facility. So, what would we be 
operating at today? 
Jitendra Sharma: 
We are operating at 40% to45% right now. But again, like in terms of the overheads, we 
believe that we are almost fully committed in terms of our fixed overheads for Teva facility 
right now and now incremental revenue will not have proportionate increase in our other 
expenses. So, I think definitely we see some operating leverage benefit getting in coming 
quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kashish Thakur. Please go ahead, sir. 
Kashish Thakur: 
Thank you for the follow-up. Sir, just one more follow-up question on Australia & New 
Zealand market, so just like what kind of major category sales would we see over there? Is it 
cough &cold, vitamins, like what kind of category has higher sales? I know like Q4 will be 
higher for cough &cold,Q1 sorry, as it is maybe a reverse of what U.S. is, seasonally. But apart 
from that, how are the other segmentssegregated? 

 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Mark Saldanha: 
So, where we are, we handle pain, we handle cough &cold, allergy and we handle digestive. 
So these are the three categories we are following globally. So, we are more OTC-oriented out 
there in Australian market and sometimes it's just a very conservative market, so it takes a bit 
longer to grow in terms of what we want to achieve out there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for the closing comments. 
Mark Saldanha: 
I'd like to thank all of you for spending your precious time on an evening out here. Thank you. 
Be safe and take care. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Marksans Pharma Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: This document has been edited to improve readability 
Contact information: 
Jitendra Sharma (CFO): jitendra@marksanspharma.com 
 
Registered & Corporate Office: 
11th Floor, GRANDEUR, Opp. Gundecha Symphony,  
Veera Desai Extension Road, Oshiwara, 
Andheri (W), Mumbai - 400 053 
Corporate Identification No.: L24110MH1992PLC066364 
