entertainment network (India) limited  
 
Corporate Office: 14th Floor, Trade World, D-Wing, Kamala Mills Compound, Senapati Bapat Marg,  
Lower Parel (West), Mumbai – 400 013, India. Tel: 022 6753 6983. 
 
Registered Office: ‘A’ Wing, 4th Floor, Matulya Centre, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel (West),  
Mumbai – 400 013, India. Tel: 022 6662 0600. Fax: 022 6661 5030.  E-mail: mehul.shah@timesgroup.com    
www.enil.co.in  Corporate Identity Number: L92140MH1999PLC120516 
 
18 November 2024 
 
BSE Limited, 
Rotunda Building, P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai- 400001 
National Stock Exchange of India  
Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 532700/ Symbol: ENIL 
Sub: Transcript of the Investors’ call Q2FY25 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Investors’ Call / Earnings Conference 
Call – Q2FY25, held on 13 November 2024. 
 
The same has been uploaded at: 
https://www.enil.co.in/stock-exchange-filings-fy2025.php 
and 
https://www.enil.co.in/financials-investorp-fy2025.php 
 
For Entertainment Network (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Mehul Shah 
EVP– Compliance & Company Secretary  
(FCS no- F5839) 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
Mehul 
Rasiklal Shah
Digitally signed by 
Mehul Rasiklal Shah 
Date: 2024.11.18 
17:33:06 +05'30'

Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
 
 
“Entertainment Network (India) Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 13, 2024 
 
 
 
 
                
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. YATISH MEHRISHI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
– ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJAY BALLABH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. RUNJHUN JAIN – E&Y, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 

 
Entertainment Network India Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Entertainment Network (India) Limited Q2 
and H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference call is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Runjhun Jain from EY Investor Relations. Thank you, 
and over to you, ma'am. 
Runjhun Jain: 
Thank you, Siddharth. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY25 Earnings 
Call of Entertainment Network (India) Limited. To take you through the results and answer your 
questions today, we have the management team from the company represented by Mr. Yatish 
Mehrishi, Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Sanjay Ballabh, Chief Financial Officer. 
The financial results and the presentation have been uploaded on the company's website and on 
the exchanges. Should you need any further information, you can talk to us at EY IR. Before we 
begin, I would like to remind you that today's discussion might include forward-looking 
statements based on the current expectations and assumptions. These statements are subject to 
risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. The company 
undertakes no obligation to update these statements after today's call. 
With that said, I will hand over to Mr. Yatish. 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
Thank you, Runjhun. Good afternoon, everyone. I would like to extend a warm welcome to all 
of you joining us for the Entertainment Network (India) Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings Call. I hope 
you have had a chance to go through our financial results, and I would like to take a few moments 
to walk you through the highlights of our performance in this quarter. 
In Q2 FY25, we recorded a domestic revenue of INR110 crores, marking a healthy 9.4% year-
on-year growth. This momentum was primarily driven by our digital and non-FCT segments, 
which posted impressive year-on-year growth of nearly 300% and 3.1%, respectively. I will dive 
deeper into our digital business shortly. Our EBITDA for the quarter, excluding digital, came in 
at INR22.5 crores with a margin of 23.2%. Profit before tax rose to INR11.2 crores, up from 
INR8.5 crores in Q2 FY24. 
Starting with our business segment, the radio industry faced a mild slowdown this quarter due 
to volume challenges that impacted our FCT revenues. Nevertheless, we retained our leadership 
position in FCT with revenue holding steady at INR73 crores compared to INR73.3 crores in 
Q2 of last year. Importantly, pricing remained stable this quarter, and we anticipate a recovery 
in volumes in the upcoming quarters. Our non-FCT segment showed a 3.1% year-on-year 
growth, generating revenue of INR24.2 crores. 

 
Entertainment Network India Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
Despite limited industry events, we achieved this growth through our own successful IP events 
such as Spell Bee and Mirchi Freshers, which received a strong response. Our focus continues 
to be on high-margin events rather than high volume of events. 
On the digital side, we discussed in our last earnings call, Gaana's annual subscription price was 
revised from INR299 to INR599, effective 1st July 2024. Despite this increase, Gaana has 
maintained a solid traction, contributing a robust digital revenue of INR15.4 crores this quarter. 
This represents 21.4% of our radio revenues, a notable increase from 10.8% in Q2 of last year. 
Digital spending reduced to INR12.8 crores in Q2 from INR15 crores in Q1 of this year, and we 
expect further efficiencies in the quarters ahead. Our international markets continue to be 
EBITDA positive, contributing INR1.4 crores this quarter. As of 30th September 2024, our 
balance sheet remains strong with a cash reserve of INR391 crores. To sum up, our focus 
remains, as always, on driving sustainable growth and enhancing shareholder value. 
Thank you for your attention. And with that, I would be happy to take any questions you may 
have. 
Moderator: 
Question is from the line of Deepan Sankara Narayanan from Trustline Holdings Private 
Limited. 
Deepan S. Narayanan: 
So firstly, what is the kind of volume decline we have seen in radio business? And what is the 
key reason for that decline? And have we lost any market share in terms of volumes? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
On the volumes, we have not reduced any market share. The drop has been largely the industry-
wide slowdown. If you look at all industries, be it FMCG, be it auto, there has been a 
considerable slowdown in Q2, which led to limited business coming in. But having said that, we 
have held our market share very strongly. So, we continue to lead our market share at 24% 
upwards. 
Deepan S. Narayanan: 
Okay. And can you provide some breakdown on the solution’s part of the business, which has 
now degrown 9% year-on-year, so which part of that segment has not grown well? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
So, our IP business, which is the event activation business has grown really well, even though 
we had some erratic flood and the Kolkata situation. The multimedia solution, which is the 
advertisement led, that business has shrunk a bit. 
Largely, the degrowth, if you see has been led by one client, which we had last year, and it didn’t 
come in this year. But having said that, the overall industry muted advertising growth has led to 
a degrowth of the multimedia solutions. Otherwise, our IP business has grown very strongly at 
59%. 
Deepan S. Narayanan: 
How has been the festive season so far for us in terms of radio business? Are we seeing pickup 
in volumes happening as compared to last year? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
So, the festive season has been quite good. With the strong 48 lakh weddings happening this 
year, we believe with the weddings the year-end business should do well. That's what we're 

 
Entertainment Network India Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
hearing from guidance. If you look at other industries also, if you look at 2-wheeler sales, Bajaj 
Auto, they have recorded good numbers in October. So, we believe even FMCG should see 
uptick. We are worried with the commentary on the urban growth. 
Having said that, I think the wedding season should keep us in state for a growth in the radio 
business. Though we need to be cautious about heavy government spend, which happened in the 
last quarter leading to the election, if that could be a deterrent on the growth, it could be if the 
government spend doesn't come in on the same levels. 
Deepan S. Narayanan: 
That base was there in the previous Q3? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
Largely Q4. I'm not doing a quarter-wise guidance. I'm just telling you about how we are looking 
at H2. The festive was quite decent. And we remain optimistic with the view of wedding season 
coming in, and the year-end business, there's always an uptick but we are also cautious about 
the Q4 government spend, which happened quite heavy, which generally happens leading to the 
election. 
Deepan S. Narayanan: 
Okay. A lot of radio industry players have highlighted that real estate business has degrown 
quite sharply. So, are we seeing some improvement in that segment happening for radio 
business? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
So, for us, real estate has not been very bad. Some pockets have not done well. So, I would not 
say real estate generally has been very bad, but some markets like Jaipur, Indore has not 
performed as well as it always used to perform. 
Deepan S. Narayanan: 
Okay. And can you please share some highlights on Gaana revenue performance? And what is 
the current paying subscriber base for us? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
I'll be happy to share you the exact subscription numbers when we meet separately. But to give 
you a perspective, we have grown on subscription quarter-on-quarter. Our revenues are growing. 
We took a massive price jump from a INR299 to INR599, doubling of the price. But we have 
seen our upgrades and renewals happening at a constant rate, and we are very happy with the Q2 
performance on Gaana. And we believe the next 3, 4 quarters, we will see much stronger growth 
also coming in. 
Deepan S. Narayanan: 
Okay. So earlier, we were around INR9 crores to INR10 crores quarterly run rate. So, is it still 
at the similar level or it has increased from that? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
This year, our digital revenues are INR15.4 crores. 
Deepan S. Narayanan: 
Inclusive of others as well, right, Gaana also? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
Inclusive of others. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from Aakash the line of who is an individual investor. 
Aakash: 
What is the volume growth on a Y-o-Y basis? 

 
Entertainment Network India Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
So, volume this quarter has declined, as I was talking about with the way the overall economy 
and all the industries have performed, we have seen a little bit of downward traction on the 
volume growth. So, it's about a mild 3.3% degrowth on the business on the volume side. 
Aakash: 
Okay. And what is our inventory utilization for this quarter? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
We are at about 74% against last year of 77%. 
Aakash: 
What is our effective rate of growth if we compare to the pre-COVID level and on Y-o-Y basis? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
Prices remained stable. But if you look at from a COVID perspective, it is still lower than pre-
COVID levels, which remains across the media industry. 
Aakash: 
Okay. If we talk about Gaana, is the margin steady if we compare to the last year? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
So, as we said, we took Gaana where the product was not very great after 2 years of the way 
Gaana was handled. So, the first level for us, our job was to get the product right. And I'm 
assuming if you are a Gaana user, you would have seen the better UI, all content coming. We 
didn't have all the content also 1 year back. 
Now we have all content compared to competition also, available on the Gaana platform. Even 
the user interface has improved drastically. So, we have invested a lot in that. 
Having said that, our expense quarter-on-quarter has reduced. Last year, we spent almost about 
INR15 crores on Gaana, but this quarter, we have spent about INR12.8 crores on our spending. 
So that's come down, and we are seeing sustained growth on the subscriber and our revenue 
numbers also in Gaana quarter-on-quarter. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Narendra from RoboCapital. 
Narendra: 
Given the subscriber traction that you are seeing, would it be possible to comment on a rough 
ballpark on where we could end the year as for Gaana in terms of revenue? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
So, we believe the way we are trending right now on the numbers per se, it would be better if 
we can do a one-on-one discussion on it. But the way we are trending around, it should be around 
INR60-odd crores type of revenue on a yearly basis. 
Narendra: 
Okay. So, we are aiming to maintain the current kind of revenue. 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
On a full year, yes. We'll maintain that. See, the whole idea is, as we increase price, all 
subscribers don't move to INR599. Whenever they come for renewal, they will move to a higher 
price. So that jump also will happen over a period of time. 
Narendra: 
Okay. So, has the price increase dented the subscriber growth? Have we seen any attrition or 
anything like that? 

 
Entertainment Network India Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
Not much. In fact, if I look at the price jump what we have taken and the drop, I think the price 
jump has helped us a lot. So, we have almost doubled the price, but our upgrades and renewals 
percentage are almost static, almost stable. 
Narendra: 
Okay. And do we expect to breakeven Gaana anytime soon? I think we are EBITDA positive 
this quarter. So, what is the trajectory there? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
We believe it will take us at least 6 quarters to breakeven on Gaana because we need to improve 
on the tech side, there is some investment going on and getting all the content. We have just 
increased price. As I said, the blended price is still lower. When everybody comes at INR599, 
that is when the magic number happens. So as much as we're lacking it, we also would want to 
break even as fast as possible, but we believe around 5 to 6 quarters more will lead to breakeven. 
Narendra: 
Okay. So as per my understanding, when your whole INR299 kind of cycle gets over and all the 
subscribers move to the INR599 pricing, that is when we see growth? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
Yes, plus will grow the subscriber numbers also. So, both put together. So, this I'm saying on a 
full year basis, maybe on a ARR basis, it could be a little earlier also. 
Narendra: 
Okay. And what kind of subscriber growth are we seeing Q-o-Q, Y-o-Y? Any number that you 
could provide that would be helpful. 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
Maybe you could speak to Sanjay separately, he will share the numbers. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Harshad Gadekar from Elara Securities. 
Harshad Gadekar: 
So, just wanted to know how we should think about in terms of EBITDA margin going ahead? 
Are we seeing any stability? Of course, that would be a function of the top line as well. But in 
terms of production expenses and others, how we should think? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
On the radio business or overall? 
Harshad Gadekar: 
Overall. 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
So, the way we look at it is, when radio business remains a muted growth, it puts pressure on 
the margin because radio business is much more profitable at overall level. So that margin has 
dented some bit of our margins. Otherwise, what we have done well is held on our cost numbers. 
So, our cost in terms of people cost and other operating expenses have been in much control, 
and we have taken due care about it also. 
So, from that perspective, we believe we will remain in the same EBITDA margin numbers as 
last year, if not more right now. And it will depend on how radio growth pans out in the balance 
of the year. 
Harshad Gadekar: 
Okay. And any color on how we are strategizing in terms of Gaana, given the competition in the 
market. So just wanted to know if you can share any strategy what exactly we are working, what 
steps we are taking? 

 
Entertainment Network India Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
The first 6 months for us were critical to get the product at benchmark levels with competition. 
And you know we have global competition of Spotify, YouTube and even Indian players like 
Saavn. But having said that, we have done really well in the last 6 months to improve our product 
interface, the experience and getting all content on board. So first 6 months went in that. 
The other point, which is more heartening is I don't think we could have taken over Gaana at a 
better time than this. If you look at the industry perspective, the entire industry is moving towards 
subscription. If you would speak to any music label or any anybody else, it's looking like 
everybody is looking at making this business purely subscription and not drive through 
advertisement. 
Gaana went paid, we had made it paid 2 years back. Wynk has closed down, which was a free 
service. Resso, which was free service, went paid and then closed down. We are seeing a lot of 
restrictions on free model coming on Spotify, on Saavn. Even on YouTube, there are a lot of 
restrictions for a free product. So, it helps the entire ecosystem in working towards driving 
subscription. And that's where the gains are happening for us who are a pure subscription model. 
So, you have seen gains happening in industry wide. Industry-wide, the subscriber numbers have 
gained. We have also gained on subscribers. And I think it's the best time where everybody, both 
on the music industry side, artists and the streaming players believe the only way ahead is to be 
on a subscription economy. 
And if you look at Spotify global results today, it shows very clearly there is a way to make 
money through subscription. They have also grown globally, and that's the way the business will 
go ahead. 
So, our strategy is going to be very clear. We will play on an India-wide strategy, cognizant of 
the fact that our radio strength lies in knowing the Indian market across all languages. We are 
present in 63 markets. understanding the nuances of music, choices, consumer behavior puts us 
in a good state. 
We have priced ourselves very competitively against all other players, which also helps us. And 
we are seeing the price elasticity has not been so much in the case as we increased price from 
INR299 to INR599. And we still remain competitive on pricing with all other players. 
So having said that, with our media being radio, our radio jocks being influencers, our 
relationship with the artist community puts us in a really good state in a business which is 
subscription led. And we believe this business has to be subscription-led only. And with all 
players also believing in it, it helps us a lot. 
Harshad Gadekar: 
Got it. And is it possible to share any ballpark range in terms of market share of Gaana respect 
to overall music streaming industry? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
Because we are paid and others are not paid, so it will not be a right number to look at it. Just to 
give you a ballpark on paid subscriber numbers, we will be around a market share of about 15% 
to 20% on the paid subscription basis. 

 
Entertainment Network India Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Rahul Goenka, who is an individual investor. 
Rahul Goenka: 
Just wanted to recall that Airtel subscription-based service, Wynk, they said that they will close 
down. And I believe they have a turnover of approximately INR100 crores to INR200 crores 
with them. So, with them closing down, do you think there will be traction in terms of Gaana 
gaining a little bit more market share and their revenues increasing. 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
Yes, it helps. But to just give you some perspective, Wynk was more a free service, and it was 
more a bundle to their subscribers, and their revenue were largely led by advertisement rather 
than subscribers. But a free service getting closed down always helps a service which is going 
to be paid. So definitely, Wynk closing down helps us a lot. But just to clarify that the entire 
revenue was not from subscription, there was some bit of advertising revenue also into it. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Deepan Sankara Narayanan from Trust Line Holdings 
Private Limited. 
Deepan S. Narayanan: 
So, any update on government approval on this TRAI recommendation on radio industry. So 
how has it been progressing? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
So, if you have recently seen the announcement by government on new auctions coming up in 
234 cities, where they have considered one of the TRAI recommendations of decoupling the 
license fee from the onetime license fee to just 0.4% of revenue. So, they have considered in the 
new auction, but they are yet to take for the existing radio stations. 
So, we are hopeful from that perspective that the TRAI recommendation should get or may get 
in consideration in the coming quarters. And one of the state ministers also spoke about the new 
segment coming up in one of the forums he was speaking. So, we remain optimistic on that, that 
the TRAI recommendations could come in, in the coming quarters, having in the new auction, 
they have looked at it. So, we believe for the existing radio station also, they might consider. 
Deepan S. Narayanan: 
Okay. And what about this news as a service and also this mandatory inclusion of radio in 
smartphones? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
So, two things, on the news, as I said, the state minister did speak about it in one of their forums 
recently that they might allow news as per TRAI recommendation, but it was one of the forums, 
so I can't comment on that, but we are hopeful that it might get cleared. 
On the smartphones, we're still working, and we are hopeful with the same minister handling 
both the telecommunication and MIT, we could have some headway on that. We have put our 
representation on it. TRAI has recommended it. So, we believe that could happen. 
Deepan S. Narayanan: 
Okay. And some of the players have taken yield increase during the Q2. So, are we also seeing 
such possibilities during festival season of yield increase for us? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
I would be very surprised if anybody has taken a price hike in Q2 we have remained stable, and 
we are the most premium player. I would be really surprised if anybody has taken a price hike, 
might be going down only on the price in the Q2. 

 
Entertainment Network India Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
In Q3, as I said, because of the festive shift between October and November, we might see a 
muted November because last year, Diwali was mid-November. So that could also put some 
pressure on the volumes. So, it may not be a healthy increase. There could be a slight change on 
price, or it might remain stable. 
Moderator: 
Sir, if you would like to give your closing comments? 
Yatish Mehrishi: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining the call. As we said, we remain committed to a strong profitable 
growth and enhancing shareholder value. Thank you once again. Have a good day. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Entertainment Network (India) Limited, that concludes this conference. 
We thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose) 
