 
AXISCADES Technologies Limited 
(Formerly AXISCADES Engineering Technologies Limited) 
CIN No.: L72200KA1990PLC084435 
 
Reg. Office: Block C, Second Floor, Kirloskar Business Park, Bengaluru - 560024, Karnataka, INDIA 
Ph: +91 80 4193 9000 | Fax: +91 80 4193 9099 | Email: info@axiscades.com | www.axiscades.com 
November 20, 2024 
Listing Department   
 
 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Dptt. of Corporate Services 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G  
 
BSE Limited   
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
 
 
Floor 25 Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Bandra (E),  
 
 
 
 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai- 400051 
 
 
 
Mumbai – 400 051   
NSE Symbol: AXISCADES 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 532395 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call with the Investor(s)/Analyst(s) 
 
Further to our intimation dated November 13, 2024, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call with the Investor(s)/Analyst(s) which is hosted on the website of the Company at 
www.axiscades.com 
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record as required under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For AXISCADES Technologies Limited 
 
 
Sonal Dudani 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
Sonal 
Dudani
Digitally signed 
by Sonal Dudani 
Date: 2024.11.20 
17:59:01 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
“AXISCADES Technologies Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 13, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
       
  
         
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARUN KRISHNAMURTHI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – AXISCADES 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. SHASHIDHAR SK – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – AXISCADES TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MS. SANGEETA TRIPATHI – HEAD INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – AXISCADES TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AXISCADES Technologies Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY '25 Earnings Conference 
Call for AXISCADES Technologies Limited, hosted by Centrum Broking. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions at the end of today's presentation. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone.  Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Sangeeta Tripathi, Investor Relations Head from 
AXISCADES Technologies. Thank you, and over to you. 
Sangeeta Tripathi: 
Thank you, operator. Very good evening to everyone. I'm delighted to welcome you all to 
AXISCADES Technologies' earnings call to discuss on our Q2 FY '25 and First Half FY '25 
results and business performance. 
 
Today on the call, along with me, we have our senior leadership team with us, our CEO and 
Managing Director, Mr. Arun Krishnamurthi; and our Group CFO, Mr. Shashidhar S. K. The 
leadership team will take you through our results and business performance, post which we will 
proceed for the question-and-answer session. 
 
Before we begin the conference call, I would like to mention that this conference call may 
contain some forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, 
opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. The actual results may 
differ materially. These statements are not guaranteeing the future performance of the company 
and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
I now hand over the call to our CEO and Managing Director, Mr. Arun Krishnamurthi, for his 
opening comments. Over to you, Arun. 
Arun Krishnamurthi: 
Thank you, Sangeeta. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the Q2 earnings call. I'm joined by 
Shashi, who is our Group CFO; and of course, Sangeeta, who introduced us, who's our Head for 
Investor Relations. I hope you had the opportunity to review our financial results and investor 
presentation, which has been uploaded to the stock exchange. 
 
As always, let me first dwell a bit on the ER&D industry and then work through our performance, 
so that, that sets the context. The ER&D industry is experiencing a challenging phase, reflecting 
the recent subdued growth and conservative outlook from pure-play ER&D companies in India. 
These challenges stem from a mix of sector-specific slowdowns, economic uncertainties and 
shifting market trends, which are connectively tempering short-term growth expectations. 
 
However, the medium-term and long-term growth outlook for the ER&D sector remains 
positive, largely due to the following factors: number one, rising demand for digital 
transformation; number two, the ER&D players moving up the value chain to work on 
specialized services; number three, global pressure to develop sustainable and environmental 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AXISCADES Technologies Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
Page 3 of 20 
 
friendly solutions, and this is pushing companies to invest in ER&D  for products like electric 
vehicles, energy-efficient systems and renewable energy technologies. 
 
With an expected medium-term growth rate of about 7.5%, ER&D firms in India could benefit 
from sustained demand in digital and high-value segments, positioning them well to capitalize 
on recovery once economic conditions stabilize.  To weather this challenging period and  and 
position us for future growth, ER&D companies will need to adopt a blend of cost optimization, 
sectorial diversification and digital innovation to remain resilient and competitive. 
 
Now AXISCADES' have demonstrated resilience  and steady performance, largely due to our 
well outbound strategic actions over the past 2 years to diversify our cross-industry segments 
and expand our customer base, with a focus on digital and embedded capabilities. This 
diversification has allowed us to mitigate some of the broader ER&D industry challenges and 
has positioned us well for sustained growth. 
 
The company is focused on aerospace, defence and energy, sectors that now contribute about 
65% of our total revenues, and AXISCADES' strategic diversification has enabled us to build a 
balanced portfolio, making it less vulnerable to the cyclical downturn in any single sector. With 
these segments continuing to show robust growth, we appear very placed to maintain our positive 
momentum and sustain a strong outlook for the year even as the broader industry faces 
headwinds. 
 
Coming to the quarterly performance for Q2. AXISCADES showcased a good financial 
performance, with revenues reaching INR264 crores, which ranging a 5.1% year-on-year 
increase and a very robust 18.4% quarter-on-quarter growth. This growth trajectory reflects the 
company's focused efforts to expand across core sectors and strengthen our market position, 
especially in a challenging landscape. 
 
Some of the key highlights for this quarter. The engineering services sector remained a primary 
growth driver, with revenue rising from INR175 crores last quarter to INR181 crores. This uptick 
showcases our ability to capitalize on core engineering services, driven by demand across 
diversified sectors such as aerospace, energy and industrial. The growth in engineering services 
were tempered by degrowth in automotive, which impacted some of our revenue and 
profitability. 
 
The defence vertical, which contributes approximately 32% of total revenues, recorded an 
impressed growth, sequential grew 73% and a year-on-year increase of 14% to INR84 crores. 
This strong performance was largely driven by robust revenues from defence production orders, 
signalling the company's effective alignment with defence demand and production priorities. 
The company's order intake in defence in Q2 FY '25 was a robust INR121 crores. 
 
Production revenues in H1 are at INR78 crores as against INR49 crores in the same period of 
last year. Our increased focus on defence has set the stage for sustainable growth in this high 
stakes sector. However, we have always mentioned that given that the irregular nature of defence 
contracts, influenced by A, lengthy procurement cycles; B, governmental budgets; and C, 
geopolitical factors; performance in this vertical can fluctuate significantly between quarters. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AXISCADES Technologies Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Thus, evaluating growth on a year-on-year basis provides a clearer picture of long-term trends 
in the defence sector. 
 
With a solid performance and outlook in aerospace and defence, along with the cautiously 
optimistic outlook in heavy engineering and automotive and semiconductor, we appear very well 
prepared to balance near-term challenges with medium-term growth potential. The company's 
strategic focus on defence along with a diversified portfolio positions us to navigate current 
industry dynamics by being ready to leverage recovery trends across sectors. 
 
For Q2 this year, the company recorded an EBITDA of INR33 crores with an EBITDA margin 
of 12.4%, compared to INR36 crores and a 14.2% margin in the same period of the last year. 
This decline in EBITDA margin is attributed to the underperformance in the automotive 
business. The company's business in Germany is currently facing headwinds due to a downturn 
in automotive, which impacted our revenue and profitability. 
 
However, if we were to exclude this, the company's EBITDA margin improved to 13.5% for 
Q2, with an adjusted EBITDA of INR35 crores. This improvement suggests that the company's 
other business segments such as defence, aerospace and energy remain strong and continue to 
contribute positively to profitability, showcasing the resilience even amidst sector-specific 
challenges. The long-term story for automotive is however very strong, and we are confident 
that this vertical will return to its growth journey by early next year. 
 
Moreover, when adjusted for a onetime ESOP related write-back accounting to INR12 crores in 
Q1 FY '25, the adjusted operational EBITDA grew significantly by 74% sequentially from 
INR19 crores in Q1 to INR33 crores in Q2. The company reported a PAT of INR12 crores, 
resulting in a PAT margin of 4.6%, compared to a PAT of INR11 crores and a margin of 4.4% 
in Q2 of last year. 
 
This year-on-year increase in both PAT and PAT margin indicates a positive trend in 
profitability, despite the challenges faced by some of the sectors such as automotive. This 
improvement in PAT margin underscores the resilience of AXISCADES' business model. 
Further, as the company continues to optimize operations, focus on high growth sectors and 
retire its debt obligations, it is likely to further strengthen its financial performance on medium 
term. 
 
I will now dwell on the performance and outlook for each of our verticals. I'll start first with 
aerospace. In Q2 of this year, the aerospace vertical contributed 29% of our revenues, amounting 
to about INR76 crores. This represents a 19% year-on-year growth driven by: number one, 
increased wallet share, AXISCADES has successfully expanded our service footprint between 
our existing client base, capturing a larger share of the aerospace R&D and engineering spend; 
number two, service ramp up. 
Our company has created service offerings to meet rising client demands, positioning ourselves 
as a preferred partner for larger and more complex projects. Number three, digital automation, 
we have automated many of our processes, enhancing productivity and delivering added value 
to clients and improve efficiency. And number four, strengthening OEM partnerships, long-

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AXISCADES Technologies Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
Page 5 of 20 
 
standing relationship with major aerospace OEMs have proven to be a growth engine for us. 
These OEMs are increasing production rates in response to a large order backlog driven by high 
demand for aircraft, which positions us to benefit from ongoing and future projects. 
 
Now the outlook for aerospace. We are optimistic about maintaining strong growth in this 
vertical. This is backed by the fact that the company has won a critical work package on 
aerostructures. The contract value is about $15 million, thereby solidifying our presence on the 
vertical. The current 3-year work package is a renewal of existing work as well as additional 
renewal of work in aerostructures. 
 
In terms of expanding digital manufacturing, as our clients increasingly adopt digital 
transformation strategies, our digital manufacturing services are expected to play a critical role 
in supporting the OEM's needs. 
 
And lastly, deeper and more strategic client relationships are paving the way for sustained 
growth and long-term projects. Given these trends, the outlook for the aerospace vertical remains 
bullish with expectations of steady revenue growth, supported by ongoing client demand and 
our robust capabilities in aerospace, R&D and digital. 
 
I'll now talk about some highlights for the Mistral business. The Mistral business posted 
revenues of INR98 crores in Q2, marking an increase from INR94 crores recorded in the same 
period of the previous year. Sequentially, Mistral recorded a growth of 51%, up about INR65 
crores which was in Q1 of this year. The revenue composition is as follows: First, 
semiconductor. Semiconductor contributed INR32 crores, reflecting a sequential growth of 36% 
from INR24 crores in Q1, indicating that growth is returning to this vertical as forecasted in our 
previous calls. 
 
The Indian government is making India initiatives specifically aimed at bolstering 
semiconductor fabrication and manufacturing, provides a strategic tailwind for AXISCADES. 
With these supported policies, the company is well positioned to leverage new opportunities in 
local manufacturing and potentially serve as a partner in India growing semiconductor 
ecosystem. 
 
Now talking of the defence business in Mistral. We generated INR66 crores, reflecting a 
sequential growth of 60% from INR41 crores of Q1 of this year. Production revenues almost 
doubled sequentially, from INR28 crores to INR51 crores, constituting 84% of total defence 
production. 
 
Mistral’s involvement in defence is increasingly moving from prototype and development stages 
to full-scale production, a critical factor for sustained growth and profitability. Mistral reported 
an EBITDA of INR18 crores, achieving a blended EBITDA margin of 18.2%. The EBITDA 
margin from defence production was at 24% and semiconductor business was at 25%. However, 
the company continues to record negative margins in prototype developments for defence to 
build the future order pipeline. The production revenues from defence and semiconductor are 
ramping up. Mistral will continue to accelerate on EBITDA margins in the period to come. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AXISCADES Technologies Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
Page 6 of 20 
 
 
Now talking of the order book, as of September 30 of this year, Mistral's total order book stood 
at INR450 crores, providing a robust pipeline of projects and indicating strong future revenue 
visibility. The order intake in defence just in Q2 of FY '25 was INR121 crores. Increase in 
Mistral's defence revenue, given primarily the production activities, suggest a maturing defence 
pipeline with steady recurring revenue potential. 
 
As defence production orders continues to grow, Mistral is poised to benefit from the ongoing 
ramp-up of high-demand programs in the Indian defence sector. Additionally, the healthy 
EBITDA margin in Q2 of this year, highlights efficiency with which Mistral is managing both 
the semiconductor and the defence operations despite challenges in the broader  ER&D  industry. 
 
Overall, Mistral's performance in Q2 underpins AXISCADES' strategic direction in defence 
production. The transition towards production-led revenue, especially within the defence 
vertical, aligns with our growth objectives and strengthen the position in both the Indian defence 
ecosystem and high-tech sector like semiconductors. 
 
Also, in order to strengthen on people and expertise in defence, we have appointed Dr. Sampath 
Ravinarayanan as a Non-Executive Director. Dr. Ravinarayanan's extensive 4 decades 
association in the Indian aerospace and defence sectors equips him with a deep understanding 
of government policies, foreign partnerships and private sector strategies. 
 
Dr. Ravinarayanan has served as the Chairman of the FICCI Defence Committee and was 
instrumental in winning several large contracts in the past for AXISCADES, including the 
Airbus Fuselage Development Centre and the Mirage2000 midlife extension project with Thales 
International and MBDA in France. His contribution has earned him an honorary Doctor of 
Philosophy from the National Institute of Technology, Kurukshetra, in 2020.  
With knowledge and network of relationships across Indian government agencies, foreign OEMs 
and the private sector will be invaluable as AXISCADES aims to expand our global footprint 
and enhance our technological capabilities in defence. His ability to navigate the intricacies of 
government policies, foster international collaborations and drive private sector agility will 
significantly support our growth strategy. 
Now moving on to heavy engineering. The heavy engineering vertical recorded revenues of 
INR37 crores with a 3% sequential growth over Q1. The contribution of heavy engineering is at 
14% of consolidated revenue as compared to 16% in FY '24. The growth in this vertical, which 
serves mainly the infrastructure sector, is dependent on macroeconomic factors and capex spend.  
With the conclusion of the US elections, we expect that infrastructure investments are expected 
to pick up pace, favourably impacting this vertical. The company is focused on revamping the 
cost structure and optimizing operations in this vertical, which will improve our margins in the 
upcoming quarters. We are working on several large use cases in AR/VR, leveraging Mistral 
capabilities, and our in-house digital talent targeting niche solutions with customers. 
I'll talk about automotive now. In Q2 of this year, AXISCADES' automotive revenues totalled 
INR23 crores, representing a 14% year-on-year decline and a 6% sequential decline. The 
automotive sector is facing significant headwinds, especially in Europe, due to macroeconomic 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AXISCADES Technologies Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
Page 7 of 20 
 
challenges and shifts in electric vehicle strategies by some OEMs, creating uncertainties in the 
market. We had to absorb cost to the tune of INR6 crores in H1 to retain our capabilities and 
weather this storm. This has had an impact on our EBITDA for this period. 
Given the current slowdown in European markets, which are key to the global automotive 
industry, AXISCADES expects the automotive segment to face continued challenges for the 
next 2 quarters. The automotive sector has a relatively shorter product life of 5 to 7 years, with 
new variants of vehicle platforms being introduced continuously. Automotive companies need 
to keep introducing new vehicles, whether ICE, internal combustion engines, hybrid or electric 
for their business.  
As such, ER&D investment cycles cannot be kept in abeyance for too long, which will seriously 
impact new vehicle introductions which the OEMs cannot afford. The expertise we have is 
technology agnostic, and hence will not be impacted due to volatility in one of our platforms of 
ICE, hybrid and electric. The services being rendered by us such as wiring harness, software 
testing, AutoSAR, ADAS, infotainment, etcetera, is being consumed by all the above platforms. 
The slowdown experience is only because of the general macro and automotive slowdown, 
which is expected to revive in 2025. 
Despite these macro challenges, AXISCADES have been chosen as a preferred supplier by a 
leading UK automotive OEM. This recognition is an important strategic win that strengthens 
AXISCADES position in the automotive sector, and provides a foothold to expand our client 
portfolio in this industry. We are prioritizing growth in digital embedded solutions along with 
hardware testing and validation, aligning our services with high demand, technology driven and 
automotive R&D. 
Now I'll talk about energy. In Q2 of FY '25, our energy vertical contributed INR12 crores, 
accounting for 4% of the company's total revenues. Although a smaller segment compared to 
others, the energy vertical plays a strategic role in AXISCADES' diversification efforts. The 
integration of EPCOGEN has been a critical enabler for growth in the energy sector, expanding 
our capabilities in energy, engineering and project management. EPCOGEN's expertise 
enhances our foundation in this vertical, providing a broader service portfolio to meet the 
evolving needs of the energy industry.  
We have been selected as a preferred partner for 2 new projects in the UK with a renewable 
energy solutions provider and are expanding our customer base in India and the Middle East. 
The company has appointed a full-time business head in Dubai and is in the process of opening 
a marketing office in Dubai to expand our footprint in this major energy geography. With new 
deals in the segment, ongoing geographical diversification and development of new capabilities 
in this vertical, we anticipate the growth momentum in this segment to continue. 
So to conclude, the company's strategy of diversifying across verticals and customers has served 
well for the company in the face of macroeconomic challenges and softness in a couple of 
verticals. Our sales hunting efforts continue to be robust and we have added about 4 new logos, 
which we hope to grow as we go through the customer journey. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AXISCADES Technologies Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
Page 8 of 20 
 
The company is confident and focused on overcoming these challenges, and we'll continue to 
strengthen the business to achieve sustainable growth and profitability. We guide that the H2 
will outperform H1 with our main growth drivers of aerospace and defence, which will be key 
drivers for this performance, both in terms of revenue and profitability. 
I will now hand it over to Shashi to talk about the financials. 
S. K. Shashidhar: 
Thank you, Arun. Good evening, everyone. It gives me great pleasure to interact with you and 
take you through our performance and outlook for the year. So the overall performance of Q2 
FY '25 and H1 FY '25 was resilient, given the backdrop of macroeconomic challenges, customer-
specific and sector-specific issues, as has been delineated by Arun. 
The consolidated revenue for Q2 FY '25 was at INR264 crores, increasing 18.4% sequentially 
and by 5.1% on the back of robust revenue from aerospace and defence verticals and growth 
returning to semiconductors. EBITDA improved to INR33 crores, showcasing operational 
efficiency even amidst macroeconomic challenges.  
For a like-to-like comparison, if you adjust the INR12.3 crores of ESOP write-back which 
happened in Q1 FY '25, which was kind of taken off from employee benefit expenses, which is 
a one-time adjustment and then comparing the sequential performance, we see that the EBITDA 
has grown in absolute terms by 74% quarter-on-quarter from INR19 crores in Q1 FY '25 to 
INR33 crores in Q2 FY '25, as we have shown in the investor presentation. 
The EBITDA margin for Q2 FY '25 is 12.4% as against 13.9% recorded in Q1 FY '25, mainly 
due to underperformance in the automotive vertical. Excluding the one-time capital gain from 
sale of property which happened in Q1 FY '25, which was about INR7 crores, the sequential 
PAT grew by 20% from INR10 crores to INR12 crores.  
In Q2 of FY '25, the company has repaid a further amount of INR52 crores from the QIP 
proceeds to retire long-term debt . The company is in the process of refinancing an existing OCD 
of INR67 crores with own funds of INR16 crores and a lower cost borrowing of INR50 crores. 
As a result of significant repayment of debt, the finance cost of Q2 FY '25 stands reduced by 
26% year-on-year to INR8.6 crores. 
The finance cost for H1 FY '25 is lower by 48% at INR16.64 crores as against INR31.15 crores 
in the same period of the previous year. Our endeavour is to be a zero net debt company in the 
next 2 to 3 quarters. 
Coming to H1 of FY '25, the revenue was at INR488 crores, growing by 5% from INR465 crores 
in H1 FY '24. H1 FY '25 EBITDA was at INR64 crores with an EBITDA margin of 13.1% as 
compared to EBITDA of INR69 crores with EBITDA margin of 14.8% in the same period of 
the previous year. The lower EBITDA in H1 is mainly on account of an EBITDA loss of INR6 
crores in the automotive vertical, as what Arun just now stated.  
Excluding the automotive vertical, the EBITDA margin is at 14.9%, indicating that the margin 
strength in other verticals is quite strong. PAT for H1 '25 was at INR29 crores as against INR17 
crores in the same period of the previous year. The majority of production revenues from defence 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AXISCADES Technologies Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
Page 9 of 20 
 
seems to be recorded in H2 and better revenues from other verticals, we expect that the 
profitability in H2 to be better than H1. The annualized EPS stands at INR14 as against INR8.4 
in FY '24. The annualized ROCE is at 17% as against 14% in FY '24. 
The company continues to focus its efforts on improvement in gross margins, cost rationalization 
and productivity improvement by optimizing less than 20% gross margin accounts, outsourcing 
of non-core functions, and removing the linearity between revenue and headcount, which will 
continue to improve profitability going forward. The company is also optimizing resources and 
staffing with an on-site/offshore ratio of 77:23 and fixed cost/T&M ratio of 69:31. 
A consolidated net worth of INR611 crores combined with robust cash generation and cash 
reserves further highlights the company's financial and operational stability. The company's -- 
another aspect is that the company's free float in stock and public shareholders have significantly 
improved by 68% since the beginning of the financial year, with public shareholders increasing 
from about 19,000 in April 2024 to more than 32,000 currently. 
In summary, the company is effectively driving growth and profitability across its core verticals 
despite macroeconomic challenges. The promising outlook for H2 FY '25, coupled with 
initiatives to boost margins and optimize resources, positions the company well for sustainable 
growth in the future. 
Thank you, and we will now open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is 
from the line of Nirali Gopani from Unique PMS. Please go ahead. As there is no response to 
the line of Nirali we move on to the next question. The next question is from the line of Saurabh 
Sadhwani from Sahasrar Capital. Saurabh? 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Hi. Good evening. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Saurabh, can you hear us? 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Yes, I can hear you. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kiran D from Table Tree 
 Kiran D: 
The first question that I had was in our investor presentation, we said 60% of revenue -- of our 
overall revenue from the company will come from the defence business in the next 12 to 18 
months. I am a little surprised at this number in terms of positive surprise. So are we almost 
saying that we'll get to INR600 crores because we'll do about INR1,000 crores, INR1,200 crores, 
so INR600 crores of defence business in FY '26 and if so, what's the breakup between production 
and development? 
Arun Krishnamurthi: 
Yes. So Kiran, let me just say that this is directionally the journey that we are sort of setting 
ourselves for. This is a vision, because now we are very well placed to receive some large orders 
and we feel that defence for us will significantly grow. So I think the goal that we have set 
ourselves with is that the defence business will grow from 30% where it is now to about 60% of 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AXISCADES Technologies Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
Page 10 of 20 
 
our revenues. I don't want to get into any specific numbers in terms on how the size will be, etc 
etc But this is based on some of the insights that we have and also some of the programs that we 
are bidding for. 
 Kiran D: 
Got it, sir. Sir, then if you can just tell me, I mean at least from a high-level perspective, are we 
-- I mean, is it like we were expecting a large order from counter-drone, the other competitors 
saying there is no problems with supplying equipment to radars and so on and so forth? So is 
our order book going to significantly increase in H2 FY '25 because of counter drone and 
everything else? 
Arun Krishnamurthi: 
I think it will be a combination. It won't be just counter drones. But it will be -- as you know, 
our strengths are across radar, sonar, telemetry. So we expect some of the large programs that 
come in, including some of the defence programs which are ongoing. Also, by working in 
partnership with other companies, we expect to boost our order growth. So I think counter drones 
will be a part of it, but it's not going to be a significant portion of this growth journey. But 
certainly, we have an early mover advantage because we have deployed counter drones 
operationally, which has not been done by any other company. So, we do see potential in that, 
but we also expect the other lab-related programs for the DRDOs and NPOs and  BEL and  HAL 
back to ramp up. 
 Kiran D: 
Got it, sir. Sir, what kind of orders can we expect from LCA Tejas and Su30? I mean, is Tejas 
engine delay going to impact the order inflow from us? So just wanted to check around Tejas 
and Su30. Not being very specific, but at least at a landscape level, if you could just tell us from 
a FY '26 perspective. 
Arun Krishnamurthi: 
Yes, so I think as far as Tejas is concerned, we are already part of the program. So we already 
deployed about 60 numbers. So we developed a radar subsystem which goes into the Tejas. So 
as the production of Tejas increases, our revenues from that sector will go up. As far as the Su30 
upgrade is concerned, as you know, there are existing large quadrants, and this is something 
that's already been designed. So as this program kicks off, we expect the deployment and 
production of that to ramp up as well. 
Of course, I must say that this depends on things starting off on a timely fashion. So when we 
say 12 to 18 months, there is a dependency on both, some of these programs kicking off as well 
as the production partners of the government also producing things on time and getting their 
subsystems and vendors to deliver everything so that they can system integrate. So we do see 
good potential going forward. But there is a dependency, like always, on some of these partners. 
 Kiran D: 
Sir, last question from my side. Sir, Homeland Security, we were expecting INR40 crores to 
INR50 crores worth of orders. Are we expecting Homeland -- I mean did we get the order? And 
in FY '26, can that move up to INR100 crores just from a visibility perspective? 
Arun Krishnamurthi: 
Some of the trials are on, as far as homeland security is concerned. So we are working with, you 
know, various agencies, both at the state level and federal level. And, you know, we have also 
started some works  in Ladakh. But I don't want to comment on the number, but this is not 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AXISCADES Technologies Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
Page 11 of 20 
 
growing as fast as the other defence business, which is coming from the labs and from the 
production partners. But this was an important part of what we are addressing. 
 Kiran D: 
Got it. Got it. Got it. Okay, sure. I'll join back in with you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirali Gopani from  Unique PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Nirali Gopani: 
Yes. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So my first question is on the defence production side. So 
if I look at the revenues… 
Moderator: 
Nirali, we are not able to hear you. 
Nirali Gopani: 
Can you hear me now? Hello. 
Moderator: 
Can you speak up? 
Nirali Gopani: 
Yes. Can you hear me? 
Moderator: 
We'll move on to the next question. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Sadwani from  
Sahasrar Capital. Please go ahead. We'll move on to the next question of Deepak Poddar from 
Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Yes. So I just wanted to understand on the defence side, how is margin different in the defence 
side as compared to your other segment 
Arun Krishnamurthi: 
As compared to engineering? 
Deepak Poddar: 
As compared to other segments. I mean aerospace or energy or the heavy engineering or 
automotive. And how better or how worse is that? 
 Shashidhar SK: 
Yes. So essentially, you know, the defence revenues consist of two parts. One is the production 
revenue, which results out of the order pipeline which has also been shown in the last 
presentation. There -- because of the fact that the engineering efforts in terms of development of 
prototypes are not there, and we have an exclusivity with respect to the specific part number, the 
margins are high. Like, for example, in the current half year, the defence production for Mistral 
was INR78.05 crores, on which we made an EBITDA margin of 24.3%. 
But then we also had revenues from prototype development, which is future order pipeline, 
which is where we had revenues of around INR29 crores, where we actually lost about INR5.25 
crores in EBITDA, which was a negative 17.8%. So the prototype development is a process of 
adding to our order pipeline, which we cannot stop. 
While we can technically say that the huge order pipeline is what we have built of around 
INR3,000-4,000 crores, because actually, you know, I would say by having this kind of 
disproportionate margins, we need to build a prototype for your future order pipeline, and when 
the production revenue kicks in, it is at this band of 24%, 22%, 24% plus kind of EBITDA 
margin. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AXISCADES Technologies Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
So that includes the loss from the prototype development, this 22%? 
 Shashidhar SK: 
No, it doesn't. Once you net it off, you know, if you have to net it off in the defence production, 
you know, as I said, the total EBITDA from the production revenues were at 29, just a minute, 
INR18.97 crores, and the prototype EBITDA was minus INR5.25 crores, which essentially 
means that we had a blended EBITDA of around INR13 odd crores on a defence revenue of 
around INR106 crores. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So that effectively means around 12% kind of EBITDA margin, right? After factoring, because 
I presume your prototype development cost will keep on continuing, right? I mean, that's the 
ongoing thing for you to kind of garner more orders from the customers. So ideally, a 12% kind 
of EBITDA margin as a whole for the defence sector would be a right range or right number to 
kind of look at? 
 Arun Krishnamurthi: 
No, so what happened is that, as we see, the production revenues are increasing year on year. So 
this year, we will clock somewhere close to INR170 crores. So the production revenues, the 
prototype revenues are fixed at about INR100 crores. So the difference is going to be that as the 
production revenues ramp up, that will far outstrip the prototyping revenue. So therefore, the 
margin should go up because the weightage of production will be higher. 
 Shashidhar SK: 
So just to give specificity in terms of numbers, if you look at FY23, the defence prototype was 
INR109 crores, and the defence production revenue was INR39 crores  and we had an EBITDA 
of 21% on defence production. When you come to FY24, the defence production revenues were 
INR112 crores with a 30%EBITDA and in this half year, the defence production revenues are 
about INR78 crores. So as Arun said, the pace at which the production revenues are growing e 
gg is at a much, much faster pace as against the prototype. As a result of it, the blended EBITDA 
will continue to improve. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Understood. Fair enough. Understood. I got it. So, I mean, will it be fair to say when we say 
over next 1 to 1.5 years, we expect a defence revenue to form about 60%. So it will be margin 
accretive for the entire company? 
 Shashidhar SK: 
Yes. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. So I think earlier what we have said, also in light of the headwinds that we are facing in 
a couple of sectors, especially in the automotive sector, how do we see the guidance that we 
have given earlier in terms of INR1600 crores kind of a revenue and INR160 to INR180 crores 
kind of a pat level for FY26? I mean, do you want to revise any of those outlook? 
 Arun Krishnamurthi: 
Yes, I think so. That's something that we'll come back with. But definitely, you know, the 
automotive headwinds have surprised us this year and surprised the industry. And when I say 
surprised us, it's not just us as a company. So that is something which is not factored in, because 
when we did these numbers, you know, automotive looked like it was the fastest going vertical. 
I think it is now at a significant speed break. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AXISCADES Technologies Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
Page 13 of 20 
 
It will be a few quarters before this comes back. So we will need to sort of relook at this and 
come back. We don't have specific numbers at the moment, but it will certainly delay this to 
some extent. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Absolutely, absolutely fair. And what about this year? I mean, we were targeting about INR160-
170 crores kind of EBITDA, right, at a company level. So given the first half performance, and 
you did mention second half would be superior to first half. So how do we see this outlook? 
 Shashidhar SK: 
Yes, so as you were saying, the quantum of defence production revenues in H2 is going to be 
significantly more than what was there in H1. And that will add to the proportionate EBITDA 
from that level will be much higher. At the same time, what we expect is the automotive, you 
know, EBITDA, which was a negative INR6 crores in the first half, will start getting to be 
positive from Q4 of this year, as a result of which, you know, the guidance that what we gave 
perhaps may be impacted in totality by about, you know, maybe about INR5-6 crores. But we 
are on the path of seeing how we can draw them back. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So, I mean, what we are saying, 5-6 crores kind of EBITDA impact on maybe 160-170 crores 
EBITDA that we had given earlier, right? 
 Shashidhar SK: 
Correct. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. Fair enough. I think that would be it from my side. All the very best to you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirali Gopani from Unique PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Nirali Gopani: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. So, Arun, if I look at our numbers, India geography has been 
doing very well. So is this largely defence driven or any other segment is also contributing to 
this growth? 
Arun Krishnamurthi: 
Nirali, it's mainly defence driven. 
Nirali Gopani: 
Okay. Okay. And in your commentary, you mentioned the prospects of each of the segments. Is 
it fair to assume that, you know, that this is the bottom and we should look at upward trends in 
almost all the segments because this quarter has been fairly good for all the segments. So, is it 
safe to assume that? 
 Arun Krishnamurthi: 
I would say automotive, there is still some uncertainty. It is a little bit hard to predict because 
we really depend on our clients giving us some clarity in terms of spend. So, I think automotive, 
we'll have to wait and watch. 
Aerospace, like I said, I think they're looking to be good. Energy is also looking good. 
Semiconductor, we are starting to see, as we had mentioned in the previous calls, there was a 
production slowdown which had impacted the overall sector. But that is slowly starting to see 
that come back. So, that should be positive. Heavy engineering, like you saw, you know, we 
have sort of had some incremental growth from Q1 to Q2. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AXISCADES Technologies Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
Page 14 of 20 
 
So, I would say heavy engineering, like I've mentioned in the past, is not a very high growth 
sector, but we should see marginal growth. So, I think other than automotive, we should see the 
other sectors being positive. I think the crucial factor for us here is how long the automotive pain 
will continue because that is diluting to some extent the top line and EBITDA both, and it is sort 
of negating some of the growth and positive momentum we are seeing from the other verticals. 
Nirali Gopani: 
Right. So, in your assumption, automotive should stabilize here and not grow, or a decline is 
also possible? 
 Shashidhar SK: 
I think it should be stable. 
 Shashidhar SK: 
Essentially, if you look at it, the automotive vertical, the total revenues were INR103 crores in 
FY24, and if you look at the first half of the current financial year, we are at INR48 crores. And 
what perhaps would happen is it will be flattish for the entire year, you know, in terms of what 
we recorded last year, it was INR103 crores, it could be the same, only that the EBITDA will 
be, you know, from this particular vertical will be negative because of the, you know, I would 
say, the losses which we are taking from the European venture. 
Nirali Gopani: 
Right. Perfect. And in your presentation, when you say that, the defence revenue will go up to 
60% from the current 30%, and if I assume the other segments to be stagnant, still you grow at 
mid-team number for the full year. So next year should be pretty good, right? We can see a high 
teen’s revenue for the company at the company level? So -- well if you do the numbers, that is 
what it comes to, so? 
Arun Krishnamurthi: 
Yes. So I think just one of what I would say is that this is not a guidance that we've given. This 
is an ambition that we have. I think the message that we want to give our investors is that going 
forward, we are pivoting more and more as a Defence company because obviously, the market 
that's there and our capabilities and the kind of programs that we see are coming in. 
 
So I think it's really a messaging to investors that you will see defence growing faster. So it's not 
a guidance in the sense that it's exactly going to be that number, but, we are aiming to be there, 
and this is the sort of goal that we have set ourselves within the company, and this is based on a 
lot of fundamentals that we see. 
Nirali Gopani: 
Perfect. And whenever we reach this number of, say, 60% of the revenue from defence, what 
kind of EBITDA margin should we look at? 
 Shashidhar SK: 
You see, as you stated, the EBITDA margins from production revenues are upwards of 20%. So, 
when the mix changes, the pivoting more towards defence, obviously, the 13% to 14% EBITDA 
margin as what we are seeing will be significantly higher from the part of your, total mix between 
engineering services and defence. 
Arun Krishnamurthi: 
Yes. But I would also say, Nirali that a lot of orders could be new prototypes as well. So, there 
could be some prototyping revenue which comes in. There will be production which will ramp 
up as well. So, I think it really depends, as you know, it depends on the mix of how much 
production versus prototype that we have. We, of course, feel that the margin will go up 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AXISCADES Technologies Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
Page 15 of 20 
 
significantly, if the defence is 60% of the company's revenues. But I just want to say that it 
depends on the weightage of production to prototype. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Sadhwani from Sahasrar Capital. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
So one thing, recently, in the European region, there have been some import tariffs announced 
for -- in the automotive sector. So have they in any way positively affected the decisions or the 
discussions going on for the demand? 
 Arun Krishnamurthi: 
I think that will be a positive because that is still not been enforced. So, what's happening in 
Europe is that the Chinese OEMs are coming and flooding the market with vehicles which are 
superior to the quality of some of the German and European OEMs. And that's half the price. 
So, the governments are considering tariffs on these Chinese imports. 
 
It is still in progress. It's not been fully enforced. But when that happens, it will be positive 
because it will mean that, the European OEMs will obviously be able to regain some market 
share and the Chinese Cars won't be as cheap as they are, which should be positive for us, for 
our business. 
 
So, this is something, I mean, and these are complex trade and governmental affairs. So, it's hard 
to comment on when it will happen. But, if that happens, it will definitely be a positive for us. 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Okay. And Shashi, can you give us a historic profitability in the automotive segment, like add 
solutions when it was merged? What was the profitability in FY '24? 
  Shashidhar SK: 
We see automotive vertical as an EBITDA level has always been in the range of around 9% to 
10% EBITDA margin. Of course, this year it has been negative because of this, the add solutions 
in Europe. 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Okay. And on the attrition, it has spiked to 17%. So, what is the outlook on that? 
Arun Krishnamurthi: 
Yes. So, I think there's a couple of things. I would say one is that this is voluntary plus 
involuntary attrition. So, like I mentioned in my opening comments, we are looking at how we 
can optimize, use digital and do productivity enhancing measures. So, we are looking at, trying 
to reduce our headcount to keep pace with the increased revenue growth. So, one is that it's 
voluntary plus involuntary. 
 
I think the second is that we were hiring at a much faster rate in the previous quarters, which is 
sort of tempering off the attrition percentage to some extent. That, again, we are sort of trying to 
use more automation and more digital. So, we have really put a, I would say, tight freeze on the 
hiring. All this to make sure that we sort of keep our costs in check and improve it going forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aman Vij from Astute Investment Management. Please go 
ahead. 
Aman Vij: 
My first question is -- first of all, congrats on a decent performance. So the first question is, 
when you talk about this 60% kind of revenue coming from defence in next 1, 1.5 years. So sir, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AXISCADES Technologies Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
Page 16 of 20 
 
correct me if I'm wrong, we were expecting this Sukhoi and the Tejas, these are the big programs 
for us to come in FY '27 and '28. 
 
So is this the prototyping for this which is coming in FY '26? Or is this something totally new? 
Because I don't believe you were that bullish previously. So what has changed in the last 1 
quarter for you to be that bullish in the next 1, 2 years or so? 
Arun Krishnamurthi: 
Yes. So the prototyping is actually ongoing for both of these programs. So we expect production 
to -- in fact, we already started delivering some kits, so production will start ramping up, I would 
say, from next year onward. So the prototyping is already in progress. Now the only thing is 
that, of course, like I said, we are dependent on the pace at which the production happens because 
when you look at the Tejas, there are many suppliers who are involved. We are one of the 
suppliers. 
 
So the base of the integration happens when the complete product goes out. Is also it includes 
impact around how fast we can produce. So we have -- we are sort of ready with our components 
and our kits, but it also depends on the customer being -- having the ability to pull it from us. 
Aman Vij: 
Sure. So this bullishness is coming mostly from LCA Tejas and Sukhoi upgrade program or is 
it totally new program which is coming into production earlier than we thought or what is 
happening? 
Arun Krishnamurthi: 
Sorry, just repeat the question? 
Aman Vij: 
I was saying this bullishness over the next 1, 1.5 years, defence becoming 60% of the overall 
revenue, is it coming mostly from LCA Tejas and Sukhoi upgrade program? Or is there any new 
program which is becoming bigger than we thought? Or I'm still not sure about that part? 
Arun Krishnamurthi: 
Yes. No, no, we are looking at other programs as well. I mean Sukhoi and Tejas is something 
which is already on our radar. We're looking at other programs also to come in and contribute 
towards the ambition that we have. 
Aman Vij: 
Okay. Sir, we heard from HAL call that Dornier orders are coming up. We heard from other 
players call and a couple of drone programs that is coming up for us, including Ashwini and 
Vale for other players. So is this one of the major reasons for the growth in next years? And 
what kind of order book closing in FY '25 do we expect in defence? So H1, there was good 
addition in defence, but in terms of order inflow for H2, what kind of expectation do you have? 
Arun Krishnamurthi: 
Yes. So as far as Dornier is concerned, this is a program we're already delivering. So that is 
definitely giving us some positive momentum. So 10 sets have already been delivered. So we 
are part of that. So yes, absolutely, that is one reason why we are optimistic. As far as Q2 is 
concerned, that we saw we had INR121 crores growth of order booking that's done. 
 
I think we look to be developing orders at a similar pace going forward for this year. I think for 
next year, we don't really give you guidance, but we will sort of -- as we through the next 
earnings calls, we'll probably give you some more details. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AXISCADES Technologies Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Aman Vij: 
Okay. And just one last part before I move to other segments. So there was a lot of delays 
expected in Tejas engine in there because of GE and all these things. So that is not impacting 
us? 
 Shashidhar SK: 
This is typically, we -- our supply of the subsystems in terms of radar comes at least 1 year 
before the actual, I would say, production of LCA happens because they have to have the 
subsystem in place to integrate with the larger system. So that essentially means that you would 
not be so much impacted by the engine delays from GE or anybody else. 
Aman Vij: 
Sure. And sir, any rough breakup you... 
Moderator: 
Mr. Vij, we would request you to come back in the queue as other participants are waiting to ask 
their questions. 
Aman Vij: 
Sure. I'll come back. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sameer Dosani from ICICI Prudential AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Sameer Dosani: 
So on heavy engineering segment, I want to expect from this segment from here on. And I think 
if you can give some color on what is the optimization target which has been achieved till now 
and where can we go in terms of margin in this segment? 
 Shashidhar SK: 
See, what we have been talking about in the previous earnings call, while the heavy engineering 
vertical contributes anywhere between 16% to 20% of our total revenue, which is quite 
substantial, like for example, in FY '24, our revenues from HEG was INR152 crores, whereas 
the margins were hardly there because, in fact, just I would say where the gross margins were 
positive at an EBITDA level, it was kind of negative, almost negative by ,  1%-2% 
 
So if you actually remove heavy engineering from the scheme of things, our EBITDA margins 
would have been better by about 150 to 200 bps. So what we have done this year is to look at 
each of the work packages and the work which we are doing for Caterpillar in each of the 
delivery centers as what we have. 
 
And especially with respect to the, Chennai ODC from where we service the Caterpillar business 
in Chennai, where we do a work called, fixed cost drawing, which was quite negative from the 
point of view of margins. We have optimized the -- the work breakdown structure, and we have 
removed quite some people from that particular vertical, and same set of people, the same 
number of people are delivering the same quantum of work. 
 
And we also have bid with Caterpillar for a much higher price in terms of these STDs, as a result 
of which we are confident that by the end of this year, we will have a positive margin to report 
from this particular vertical. 
Sameer Dosani: 
Okay. Currently, we are not making margins. Are we making losses in this vertical? 
Arun Krishnamurthi: 
No. We are not making losses. It's a low-margin account, but they're not making losses. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AXISCADES Technologies Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Sameer Dosani: 
And these margins can like optimize to what level, do you think? 
Arun Krishnamurthi: 
See, right now, Sameer, it's in a single-digit range. I think it will go to low double digit. I think 
beyond that -- and that's why I've been sort of guiding that… 
Sameer Dosani: 
So, that's fair. Just wanted to get some idea. That is fair. And second is on semicon business, can 
you give some color, like what kind of outlook that you are seeing in like defence, whether it is 
heavier for semicon? That is one. And any other qualitative feedback on what progress we have 
made on adding logos? And how do you think production revenues can ramp up here in this 
vertical? 
 Shashidhar SK: 
Yes. So with respect to the semiconductor vertical for the past half year, we have, I would say, 
recorded a revenue of INR56 crores and which the Q2 numbers being much larger in terms of 
INR32 crores, I think INR24 crores in Q1. And as we have kind of projected in the previous 
earnings call, the semiconductor revenues as such is coming back. 
 
And in this year, we tend towards the same number as what we recorded last year, which was 
around INR  125 crores. But of course, that's come at a much larger EBITDA margin. For the 
INR55 crores, we recorded an EBITDA margin of around 22%, recording an EBITDA around 
INR11.82 crores or INR55 crores of revenue. 
 
So it is a high-margin business for us, and we are hoping towards the inventory buildup of what 
has happened with the OEMs have now flushed out and we definitely see that from Q3 onwards, 
the production revenues will come back, and also along with the service revenues. 
Arun Krishnamurthi: 
Yes. And I think on the new logos part, I think the flavor I wanted to give is that in the last 4 
months, we have really intensified our hunting activities. So we have hired a few new people. 
We have also engaged a lead generation engine, and we have some B2B tools. So just to give 
you an example, in the U.S. itself, we started with a list of about 140 clients. 
 
It only did some prospecting and as we whittled it down, we got an interest of about 40 clients 
who are interested in actually starting to work with us, out of which 9 clients, we got it to an 
advanced stage and 4 new logos we generated. So just to give you a process, that's the content 
that we are working on. 
 
So new business for us is a focused activity. And of course, you would have seen that Highview 
Power, we have made a press announcement as well. This is a renewables company based out 
of U.K. So we landed a large deal out there, a 3-year engagement. They have big plans to increase 
their plants across the world. They start in the U.K. and Australia that they will expand globally. 
 
In addition to what I talked about in our major aerospace OEM where we won a $12 million 
deal. So, we are making good progress on hunting. I'm hopeful that as we go along, the new logo 
addition will improve. And I should mention, just one more thing that I think we mentioned to 
you is that we are working along with specifically on the automotive sector to see how we can 
create some deals, and we are working with them on strategy. So, that again will start to bear 
fruit. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AXISCADES Technologies Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Sameer Dosani: 
That's great to hear. In Semicon, similar to defence, should we think that the production pieces 
which will be stronger in H2, so higher margins for semicon vertical? 
 Shashidhar SK: 
It is margin with respect to semicon, both on the service part and the production part is an average 
of around 32%, 33%, and that will continue, at least on our production revenue. 
Sameer Dosani: 
Okay. Got it. And lastly, in aerospace, with the new contract in, we should think 20% Y-o-Y 
growth, this trajectory should continue for us? Or we should accelerate, or how should we think 
about it? 
Arun Krishnamurthi: 
It's a 3 year contract. And like I said, it's part renewal, part new programs, but in that contract, 
we also get to play in the U.S. region for that line, which we have not done to a large extent until 
now. So, we are quite hopeful that that will grow. And Yes, aerospace for us will continue to 
grow. You must be aware that in Q2, the aerospace OEMs have a planned shutdown. So, we had 
no work. 
 
And of course, this year, even some of the aerospace companies are struggling with supply chain 
and engine issues. So, this year has been difficult from that perspective for aerospace as well. 
But our business has still continued the momentum. I'm hopeful that those industry issues will 
go away, which will provide a further positive momentum to us. 
Sameer Dosani: 
So at least the shutdowns are behind us, right, in terms of production for the, in terms of plant? 
Arun Krishnamurthi: 
The shutdowns are behind us. But I think you are aware that, Airbus, for example, they had 
predicted they'll produce 800 aircraft. They had reduced the guidance down to 774. And, 
companies like us, our revenues are linked to the number of aircraft that are produced. So, we 
had to sort of, expand work in different areas to continue the growth momentum, which next 
year if they are able to produce more aircraft, that will be another positive momentum for us 
Sameer Dosani: 
But what I remember is they have not -- like the run rate monthly ended... 
Moderator: 
Sameer, we request to come back in the queue. 
Sameer Dosani: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
We will now be taking the last question from Karthi Keyan VK from Suyash Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Karthi Keyan VK: 
Just one clarification on the defence profitability that you spoke about. In the last we spoke, 
there was nearly 29%, 30% margins on the production side, and now you're talking about only 
20%. So I'm just trying to understand if there is a change in the core work that we'll be doing 
going ahead as in there will be a jump of assemblies or is it that something else has changed? 
Can you just throw some light on that? 
 Shashidhar SK: 
See, the production revenues in H1 for the defence production was around INR78.05 crores, on 
which we made an EBITDA of 34.3% And you're right there when you -- when in FY '24, we -
- our production revenues one-third INR111.5 crores on which we made an EBITDA of 30%. 
Then with the production, I would say, EBITDA depends on the mix of the various programs 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AXISCADES Technologies Limited 
 
November 13, 2024 
Page 20 of 20 
 
which we execute There are auto components, there are OEM, I would say, business which we 
do. 
 
So it depends on the mix of the various programs which we are executing. But it is fair to say 
that the EBITDA will be tend towards 20% to 25%, but can be better. But in terms of the total 
totality of a program which we'll be executing, this is how safe guidance you can take. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question for the day. I would like to hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Arun Krishnamurthi: 
Yes. Thanks a lot for all the questions and all the interest. I think just to summarize, I would just 
like to say that aerospace and defence continues to be the industries we may say as most positive, 
and we have also obviously laid out an ambition as far as defence is concerned. As far as energy 
is considered, it's a small part of our business right now. But again, we are optimistic that will 
grow. 
 
Semiconductor is a big differentiator. I think that industry is growing rapidly. We will see that 
also being positive for us. Automotive, of course, we are a bit in wait and watch mode. But 
personally, I'm very bullish about automotive over a longer term because that's where technology 
adoption happens the most, and they are the biggest R&D spenders as compared to other 
verticals. 
 
So we will be strategically continuing to place our bets in automotive and stay invested and see 
how we can get new logos. And of course, when the downturn fades away, that will be really 
positive for us. So thank you so much again for your interest, and wish you all a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Centrum Broking and AXISCADES Technologies, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
