 
 
 
 
 
 
November 14, 2024 
To, 
BSE Limited                                                                     
Corporate Relationship Department                          
PJ Towers, 25th Floor,                                                    
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001                                      
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No.C/1, G-Block  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051. 
 BSE Scrip Code No. 543687                                         NSE Symbol:-DHARMAJ 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Subject: - Transcript of Earning Call of Q2/FY2025 Financial Results [Disclosure under    
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015] 
  
With reference to our previous intimation for the Q2FY25 Earnings Conference call of the 
Company held on November 11,2024 at 12.00 PM IST and further in accordance with the 
requirement of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 read with Schedule-III Part-A thereof, we hereby inform you that the transcript 
of the Earning Conference call of Q2/FY25 Un-audited Financial Results is attached as Annexure 
–A; 
 
The same is also being made available on the Company’s website at: 
 
https://www.dharmajcrop.com/investors-disclosures-under-regulation-46-and-62-of-sebi-lodr-
regulations-2015 /     - Investor Analysts Meet/Conference call.   
 
We request you to kindly take note of the same and consider for official records. 
 
Thanking you, 
For, Dharmaj Crop Guard Limited 
 
 
 
Malvika Bhadreshbhai Kapasi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS52602 
MALVIKA 
BHADRESHBHAI 
KAPASI
Digitally signed by MALVIKA BHADRESHBHAI KAPASI 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=9031, 
2.5.4.20=e3fb076f7740c9bf2203559ac865bad6099bca
c47dab23804e4f6ce4893b46ee, postalCode=380052, 
st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=7c7eccb695b5c31fba7721b9baaeea08
b651baeb3c1289d0d835b1b54e2caad0, cn=MALVIKA 
BHADRESHBHAI KAPASI 
Date: 2024.11.14 12:10:47 +05'30'

 
Dharmaj Crop Guard Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of 
discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange 
on 11th November 2024 will prevail. 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAMESHBHAI TALAVIA 
CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR 
DHARMAJ CROP GUARD LIMITED 
MR. JAMANKUMAR TALAVIA 
WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR 
DHARMAJ CROP GUARD LIMITED 
 
MR. VISHAL DOMADIA 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
DHARMAJ CROP GUARD LIMITED 
MR. VINAY JOSHI 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
DHARMAJ CROP GUARD LIMITED 
 

 
Q2 & H1 FY25 
November 11, 2024 
 
  
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Dharmaj Crop 
Guard Limited Q2 and H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call. As a 
reminder, all participants lines will be in the listen only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touch tone 
phone.  
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference 
over 
to  
Mr. Sayam Pokharna from TIL Advisors. Thank you and over to you, 
Sir.  
 
Sayam Pokharna:  
Thank you, Michelle. Welcome, everyone. Good afternoon and thanks 
for joining this Q2 and H1FY25 earnings conference Call of Dharmaj 
Crop Guard Limited. The investor updates have already been uploaded 
on the Stock Exchange and on the company website.  
 
To take us through today's results, we have with us from the 
management team, Mr. Ramesh Talavia - Chairman and Managing 
Director, 
Mr. 
Jaman 
Talavia 
- 
Whole 
Time 
Director,  
Mr. Vishal Domadia - Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Vinay Joshi - 
Chief Financial Officer.  
 
We will start with a brief opening remark on the business performance 
from Ramesh Sir, followed by opening remarks and financial 
performance by Vinay sir and then open the floor for the Q&A session. 
I would like to remind you all that anything and everything said on this 
call that represents any outlook for the future that can be construed as a 
forward-looking statement, must be viewed in conjunction with the 
risk and uncertainties that we face. These risks and uncertainties have 
been mentioned in our prospectus and our follow up annual reports.  
 
At that side, I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Talavia. 
Over to you sir.  
 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today 
for Dharmaj's Q2 & H1 FY25 earnings conference call. I'm pleased to 
share with you our company's performance and key developments for 
the quarter and half-year. 
 
 

Dharmaj has delivered a strong performance in Q2 FY25 following a 
robust Q1; our Revenue from Operations registered a robust 21% 
growth. This growth was primarily driven by our Active Ingredients 
vertical, demonstrating our ability to capitalize on market opportunities 
in this segment. 
 
Our formulations business remained relatively flat YOY, as we faced 
some headwinds on account of: 
 
1. First, a significantly higher rainfall in August and September across 
major geographies, which disturbed the usual insecticide spraying 
schedule towards the end of the season, leading to slower business 
momentum across the industry. This was contrary to original 
expectations of the industry at the beginning of the season, wherein a 
good monsoon was expected to help domestic sales. However, excess 
rains towards the end of seasons led to lesser demand for 
agrochemicals in the last 2 months of season.  
 
2. Secondly, we also observed a price contraction of approximately 
10% across the board in September, following promising price trends 
for Agrochemicals from April to August. 
 
These factors contributed to a marginal decrease in our B2B and B2C 
sales during Q2. However, it's important to note that we still achieved 
volume growth in formulations, however it was offset by lower 
realizations towards the end of Q2. 
 
I'm pleased to report that operations at Unit 2 in Sayakha are 
progressing as expected, with a 12% quarter-over-quarter growth. In 
the first half of FY25, Unit 2 has registered sales of ₹1,180 million. We 
are gradually ramping up production activities, and the performance in 
H1 FY25 has been satisfactory. 
 
Looking at the bigger picture, Dharmaj has achieved an impressive 
37% top-line growth in H1 FY25, with a higher contribution coming 
from the Active Ingredients segment. 
 
Another silver lining is that abundant rainfall across the country has 
led to record reservoir & water levels across the country, which bodes 
well for a strong Rabi season. We anticipate recovering some of the 
momentum lost in the formulations business during the Kharif season 
in the upcoming Rabi season. 
 
Now, I would like to hand-over to Mr. Vinay Joshi for a brief on 
financial performance:  
 
Vinay Joshi:  
Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Firstly, I would like to touch upon top 
line growth. For Q2 we have managed a growth of 21% YOY, despite 
some impact of lower realizations. However, growth in Q2 has been 
more Active Ingredients driven. For H1 as whole, we have registered 

an impressive 37% YOY growth. It is important to note, while 
comparing growth YOY in FY25 vs. FY24, there has been a broad-
based fall in realizations from the previous half-year to this. So in 
effect, our volume growth is in fact higher.  
 
Coming to the profitability front, our Gross Margins remained healthy 
and in line with Q1, we experienced some compression in EBITDA 
margins year-over-year due to a few factors, as communicated earlier 
in our Q4 call: 
1. Higher Operating Expenses associated with Unit 2 operations 
2. Increased Employee Benefit expenses resulting from annual 
appraisals in July and new hirings 
3. Higher Depreciation & Finance Costs 
 
These factors led to a decrease in PAT on a year-over-year basis, both 
in Q2 and H1. However, we expect the costs associated with Unit 2 to 
normalize as revenues from the unit increase. 
 
Further, on the working capital front, you will notice an increase in our 
inventories which is on account of operations ramp-up at Unit-2 where 
manufacturing lead time & inventories are higher than our formulation 
operations. The increase in receivables in September-24, vs 
September-23 is in line with the H1FY25 vs. H1FY24 revenue growth.  
 
You will also see that increase in inventories has been offset by higher 
trade payables. Since last year, we had higher cash reserves which 
have now been deployed in our Unit-2, we made higher cash purchases 
in 2023. While this year we have limited cash purchases to very 
attractive deals, and made standard credit purchases, in the case of 
some imported RM for Unit-2 we have also received longer-credit 
purchases.  
 
I would also like to share that the Board has approved the 
incorporation of a wholly-owned subsidiary in Brazil. This is keeping 
in our mind our plans to grow export business in Latin America now 
that Unit-2 has been commissioned.   
 
The outlook for the upcoming Rabi season remains positive, supported 
by expectations of bumper sowing. We are making concentrated efforts 
to ramp up production at Unit 2, positioning it as a key growth engine 
for our future expansion. 
 
Thank you for your attention. We'll now open the floor for questions. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much, Sir. The first question is from the line of Ankit 
Gupta from Bamboo Capital. Please go ahead.  
 
Ankit Gupta:  
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity. And my question was on both the 
branded as well as domestic formulations. So, Sir, first I would like to 
talk on branded. The 2% decline which has come on branded 

formulations in this quarter, but if we see Q1 performance, we had not 
seen too much growth in branded formulations. Normally what I 
understand is Dharmaj had very limited presence across all the states. 
Major presence was in Western India, primarily focused in Gujarat but 
if we are expanding geographically, then season effect should not have 
impacted our revenue growth keeping branded formulations because 
let’s say for example, if we were not present in some places 
geographically which we have entered this year, then their growth will 
be zero. So, Sir, I wanted to understand that in H1, how and what has 
impacted the performance of branded formulations and why did we not 
see any growth in it? Second question I have is on Domestic 
institutional formulation. 
 
Vishal Domadia: 
In branded formulation, as you are saying that we have expanded in 
new geographies, but the 1st year in B2C, we align the brand sales team 
and then goes into channel management. If you see the data, the new 
state we have launched, there is only 5.28% which came from south 
state, rest of the revenues have come from the places we have been 
operating with.  
 
Ankit Gupta:  
But Sir, even before you entered the states in the last 1-2 years, those 
territories would have been new then.. 
 
Vishal Domadia: 
The reason for that is if you see the price realization in branded sales 
then from the last year, 10-15% product to product is down. So, we 
have definitely got volume growth and in volume growth also, we 
discontinued 1-2 bulky products, and the high-priced products were 
launched so if you see product to product in that, then in many of the 
key products, we have done a growth of more than 30%, like Padgham, 
Urja Potash. 
 
Ankit Gupta:  
Sir, so can I say that in H1, our volume growth would have been 15% 
roughly in branded formulations if we factor the price decline? 
 
Vishal Domadia: 
If you see product to product, then there is 15% average. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
OK, OK. So, Sir as you mentioned in your commentary, that there was 
an impact in Q2, so what growth do we expect in the second half for 
branded formulations? Let’s say, if the price decline stops, let’s assume 
September was the bottom, so now what growth can we expect in 
branded formulations in the second half?  
 
Vishal Domadia: 
It will reach the normal growth which is there. There is no difficulty, 
it’s already coming in these both months, October and November. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
OK, Rabi is not very big in the formulation relatively compared to the 
first half so what growth can we expect in the full year in branded 
formulations? 
 
Vishal Domadia: 
 
15% till year end.  

 
Ankit Gupta: 
OK. My second question is on domestic institutional formulations. We 
have faced a challenge in that like 4% decline so what were the issues 
there if you can please throw some light on it? 
 
Ramesh Talavia: 
See, in B2B formulations, major issue has been the price impact. So, 
because of that, it is looking weak otherwise our volume has been on a 
growth trend. There is volumetric growth and against last year H1 and 
this year H1, there has been a downfall of 10% on an average. Because 
last year, what happened is if you see on an average price between 
April to September, same price has been declined by 10% for all 
products. We have volumetric growth but because of the price, we 
can’t see the revenue growth. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Ok. As you mentioned the 10% fall which came in September, what 
price trend do you see in October and November?  
 
Ramesh Talavia: 
September means if we average out the whole of H1, some products 
were stable, some products saw downfall, some even grew for the time 
being like in July, so on an average if we calculate then last year H1 
and this year H1, average price is down by 10 odd percent. 
 
Ankit Gupta:  
Ok and what is the trend now in October and November? 
 
Ramesh Talavia: 
It is stable now, whatever down in Kharif, actually the heavy rainfall in 
the last 2 months caused panic sales selling which led to the price 
decline in Kharif.  Now, everything is stable and now the product 
scenario also changes between Kharif and Rabi, so Rabi products 
momentum is stable, nothing problematic and Rabi this time what will 
happen, compared to last year, Rabi this time should be good because 
water levels are up, reservoirs are full so it’s not that we will have to 
do less sowing because of which our business will happen less. 
Basically, compared do last year, Rabi’s data which is coming in from 
the government also is coming on an increased mode and sowing of all 
crops has also started and the movement that should be there initially, 
that also as per demand and our planning is going well. So, the 
shortfall we saw in Kharif, we can recover in Rabi. We don’t see any 
doubt in our original plan. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
How is it going on the technical side? What are the losses? How much 
was the loss in Q2? On what capacity utilization is our plant working? 
How many products did we commercialize there and how many new 
are we planning to launch in the second half?  
 
Ramesh Talavia: 
If I tell you about products on technical, then we had 8 products which 
we commercialized and the market selling has also started wherever 
we had plans to do. According to the planning which we had given for 
the technical plant, that has happened and will happen further also. For 
financials, Vinay will answer your question. 
 

Vinay Joshi:  
The original plan we did for Unit 2 that 30% capacity utilization will 
happen, but it is almost more than 50% utilization we had in this H1. 
So, it is above expectation. However, the second-half we have to see 
because normally it is lower than H1, but now we have to see how 
Rabi season is going on. So, we are expecting the overall capacity 
utilization will be around 50 to 60% for whole year. What we are 
expecting as of now and expenditure wise, if you see the fixed 
overhead for H1, we can see it is around 9.5 crore other than financial 
& depreciation cost. So, this will be same for the next part of year also 
and in our earlier call.  
 
Ankit Gupta:  
Sir, 9.5 crore, what did you say? Sorry, I… 
  
Vinay Joshi:  
9.5 crore, which is fixed overhead for H1. It is other than finance and 
depreciation cost because finance and depreciation cost is around 20 
crores p.a. for Unit 2 only.  
 
Ankit Gupta:  
In comparison to Fixed overheads, how much has been our Gross 
profit in H1? 
 
Vinay Joshi:  
Gross profit depends, On certain products it is high and it is more, but 
we are finding it around 20% GP for this quarter and the major reason 
is the reduction in the pricing realizations.  
 
Ankit Gupta:  
How much would have our losses been on the EBITDA levels on the 
technical side? 
 
Vinay Joshi:  
From EBITDA level it is around 15 EBITDA level, sorry, PBT level 
15 crore losses are there.  
 
Ankit Gupta: 
OK, so let's say if we add 20 crores finance and depreciation cost, then 
have we achieved breakeven at EBITDA levels? 
 
Vinay Joshi:  
EBITDA level, yeah. And this year EBITDA level, we will be 
achieving our break even. Sure, the PBT level, we are targeting next 
year only once we reach the revenue of 225 to 230 crores.  
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. Thank you. Wish you all the best. I'll come back.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Poojan Shah 
from Molecule Ventures. Please go ahead.  
 
Poojan Shah:  
Hello Sir. My first question is how is organophosphorus chemistry 
going on in our portfolio and DUCT prices which have risen, how has 
that impacted our portfolios?  
 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Organophosphorus molecules are not in the technical manufacturing 
range. That is only for our formulations and B2C. The group of 
Organophosphorus like parathion, chlorpyrifos has separately seen a 
downward trend from august. 

 
Poojan Shah:  
So, is the price correction showcased or what is it in current scenario? 
 
Ramesh Talavia: 
 
Now, it is stable. September-October has been the fall but now 
it is stable. 
 
Poojan Shah:  
OK. Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
 
Dhwanil Desai:  
Good morning, Sir. I would like to understand more about like our 
peers Rallis and Dhanuka, seeing their numbers, they volume growth 
has been good plus their price impact has been 5% negative whereas 
ours we are saying more than 10%. So, both’s volume growth has been 
17% in the domestic market so sir, as earlier also some participant 
mentioned, our base is small and we have more room to expand into 
geographies, so given this environment, our growth should have been 
more, is that understanding fair? Is this issue due to the product mix or 
are we doing more discounting or are we giving more distribution to 
the distributors? 
 
Vishal Domadia: 
That is product mix because Dhanuka has tie up products so it did not 
that much effect but all the products that we have mostly product 
matrix had a plus or minus. 
 
Dhwanil Desai:  
OK. So, Sir, if we see our history leaving the recent two, three 
quarters, but before that, 4-5 years our branded formulation almost 
grew around 25% so when this price impact part will normalize, after 
that next year onwards, can we expect 20-25% growth from this base 
or has our base reached the level from which we might have to taper 
our growth expectations? 
 
Vishal Domadia: 
If price is stable, if we do not count the price factor then more than 
30% normal growth we can count for B2C. 
 
Dhwanil Desai:  
Ok. My second question is on a technical plant that we said we have 
operated on 50% capacity utilization in H1 while our first expectation 
was, we will operate at 30%. So, now as mentioned, capacity 
utilization level will be on the lower side, so a very small number 
showing loss might increase because utilization level will reduce but 
fixed cost will remain same. Is this a fair understanding?  
 
Vinay Joshi:  
As of now, capacity utilization it is around 58% percent for H1, but 
now we have to see what we are expecting is Rabi season is going to 
be good. So, we have to wait and see how Rabi season is going on and 
if it is better than the losses may reduce and as initially told, but in 
normal scenario or the breakeven will be for next year only but now 
where to see the Rabi season, how it is going on accordingly, our 
losses will impact on the overall performance.  

 
Dhwanil Desai:  
Ok. And third question, again is on technical that let's say about the 55-
58% utilization that we have, from here towards next year to increase, 
is our product basket of 7-8 products sufficient and has room to go up 
to 65-70% just by tapping new markets and new geographies or on the 
Brazil, the new subsidiary which we have made received any 
registration in the market?  
 
Vinay Joshi:  
OK, I think your voice is breaking anyway. What I understood so see 
now this year also we have added some 2-3 new products against the 
original plans and we are also working on to add on some few more 
products for next year which will help us in overall growth of the 
revenue. Regarding Brazil, Board has approved to incorporate a 
subsidiary in Latin America as well and it will help us in the faster 
registration of our product there. So, we already applied for registration 
in Brazil, but for incorporation of company now we have to start the 
process and which will help us in overall revenue growth for overseas 
import-export as well. 
 
Dhwanil Desai:  
 
So, Sir, how many registrations have we applied for in Brazil? 
 
Ramesh Talavia: 
We have already for 3 products in Brazil. Alphacypermethrin, 
Permethrin and Lambda Cyhalothrin. 
 
Dhwanil Desai:  
And Sir, generally this takes up to 2 years so I think next to next year 
or next year if it comes then great otherwise, we should consider Brazil 
market, is that right understanding?  
 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Yes, because in that, 2-3 years is the minimum grace period for 
approval of registration. It’s already been a year so we expect after 1 
year, means next to next year, we can start business in Brazil. 
 
Dhwanil Desai:  
 
OK, that's it from my side. Wish you all the best. Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Smit Shah from JHP Securities. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Smit Shah:  
Yeah. Hi, Sir. I wanted to ask about our technical plant when it ramps 
up quite high, at peak utilization how much margins are it reach? 
 
Vinay Joshi:  
At Peak utilization, we are targeting around 450 crore sales. In addition 
to the captive consumption, and that we are targeting around FY28 
onwards.  
 
Smith Shah:   
OK. What margin profile?  
 
Vinay Joshi:  
So, once it will reach optimal utilisation, then we are targeting margin 
of around 15 to 18%.  
 

Smith Shah:  
OK, OK. Understood. And what is the status on the subsidiary of Rs. 
2.5 crores that we were to receive from the Gujarat government?  
 
Vinay Joshi:  
So initial approval we got and we have submitted all the documents. 
We are hoping that by Jan-Feb we will get the final approval of the 
subsidy, but primary approval we've already received from the 
government.  
 
Smith Shah:  
OK. And Sir, about the formulation business, did you mention that for 
FY25, a 15% growth will be seen? 
 
Vinay Joshi:   
That is on B2C segment.  
 
Smith Shah:   
OK. Got it. Thank you so much.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Nirav Jimudia from Anvil 
corporation. Please go ahead.  
 
Nirav Jimudia:  
Yeah. So, thanks for the opportunity, Sir. I have two questions. Firstly, 
if we see the Gujarat market then this time, cotton and soya bean has 
been impacted a lot in terms of crop so how much will our exposure be 
in these 2 crops and if we see along with that, potato and onion 
production has increased, farmers have had very good production, even 
price realization so if you can explain product wise, how is our overall 
product portfolio in the formulation side, how is our exposure in these 
3-4 crops, this is my first question, Sir. 
 
Vishal Domadia: 
If we talk about Cotton and Kharif in H1, Cotton and Kharif has major 
exposure in Gujarat so we got slightly impacted in cotton but soya 
bean and groundnut, we did good. But, the continuous rainfall in 
August and September caused the last suffer. Now, next season will be 
of Potato and Rabi season. So, we have exposure in potato in UP, 
Gujarat and Bengal, we have product also, network also so we will get 
good benefit from it. 
 
Nirav Jimudia:  
And Sir, the 15% volume growth which you were mentioning in H1, 
do we factor in the sales return? 
 
Vishal Domadia: 
 
Yes, yes.  
 
Nirav Jimudia:  
OK, so, Sir, in the first year, how was the sales return? Did it increase 
in comparison to last year or was it at similar levels if you can throw 
some light on that?   
 
Vishal Domadia: 
Nirav bhai, we have negligible sales return around 1.5% in that 
because our policy is only that so there are no sales return policy as 
such, last H1 to current year H1. 
 
Nirav Jimudia:  
And Sir, secondly, I wanted to ask like predominantly, our revenue 
comes from Gujarat. So, if we talk about the market, Gujarat market is 

around 1,800-2,000 crores market. And if we talk about farmers, 
farmer penetration in terms of the number of products we offer is also 
important. So, if you can share our farmer penetration, in terms of, 
number of farmers is how much and our sales levels as per the Gujarat 
market? 
 
Vishal Domadia: 
If we look at Gujarat, from previous H1, we are in growth only in B2C 
and farmer penetration is more than 2,00,000 customers. 
 
Nirav Jimudia:  
So, Sir, what will that size be like there are 2 lakhs so what is our 
penetration because in that farmer education, meeting with the farmer, 
their understanding about crops because all these play out like there's a 
population of farmers, how much will our share be in thar population? 
Like you mentioned 2 lakhs, so much % will that be?  
 
Vishal Domadia: 
Nirav bhai, in Gujarat if we see, then it will be around 10% but any 
farmer reach market share. Farmers do not use products of one 
company at 100% they mix the products. 
 
Nirav Jimudia:  
And Sir, last 2 questions were as we spoke on the technical side like all 
the 
insecticides 
like 
Cypermethrin, 
Alphacypermethrin 
and 
Deltamethrin, if we look from April to September then there price 
increases so is this a correct assumption that prices had increased and 
we also have got a little benefit from it or is it a wrong assumption? 
 
Ramesh Talavia: 
 
We have also got like April to August, there was a price 
increase.  
 
Nirav Jimudia:  
 
Ok. Sir, how much would that be on an average? 
 
Ramesh Talavia: 
It was not at an optimum level how much it should have been, but 
there was some benefit we got as prices rose and after that again, it 
started coming down in September season as it was a slack period and 
there was not much demand in Exports also because of which it went 
down in September.  
 
Nirav Jimudia:  
And Sir, last question is that if we see in India, the water-soluble side 
penetration level is less so going forward do we have any plans to 
bring in new products and along with our portfolio, it could be in 
added one because of which our sales also increase and margins can 
also improve?  
 
Ramesh Talavia: 
We already have our thought process and we have nutrition based as 
you said fertilizer, so nutrition based, we already run a portfolio of 7-8 
products and next year, we will improve by adding new products and 
working more on nutrition-based product because we had executed an 
industry survey where it showed nutrition based is a growing market. 
 
Nirav Jimudia:  
 
And Sir, is the turnover substantial or can we not talk about it 
now? 

 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Right now, we do not have much because once we focus on the 
product range then it will be growing and the products that we are 
already doing are in good volume like this year, we had started Bio-
organic potash and boron, zinc, Sulphur segment so these products are 
in our pipeline and we are doing already so there will be growth in this 
and will do more additions too. Now, next liquid fertilizers are coming 
in and we have already started 2 products of Liquid fertilizer and we 
are working on that because it can be used in spraying as well as drip 
irrigation. 
 
Nirav Jimudia:  
 
Thank you so much, Sir, and wish you. All the best.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Siddharth Agarwal from Prudence 
value. Please go ahead.  
 
Siddharth Agarwal:  Hi, good afternoon, Sir. Sir, I would like to understand the sales reach 
and the response in regards to the new geographies we have entered 
into plus the  production of our plant will increase in technical so in 
next year, how are we planning with new geographies, new products, 
what is our planning to improve the utilization of our plant and to 
improve our sales growth, which we are saying normal markets we 
expect 25-30% growth, so for that what are we doing from the sales 
side on the ground or at the company level? 
 
Vishal Domadia: 
As you said, we have launched in new geographies, from which 
Karnataka and Orissa is almost appointed with a channel and in 
Telangana, it is in the development stage and next year and Rabi 
season will also have opportunity so we will benefit from all.  
 
Siddharth Agarwal: Sir, can you explain a little more in detail like in Karnataka, Orissa on 
the ground, how many districts  
 
Vishal Domadia: 
In Orissa, generally there are 4 territories which almost covers the 
entire state and if we see in Karnataka, it is still going on in South. 
Maharashtra side, we have launched. 
 
Siddharth Agarwal: So, if we plan for our sales growth of 25% for next year, then what will 
our expectations be from the new geographies?  
 
Vishal Domadia: 
It will come in combination. The four states that we have launched in, 
we expect 15% of B2C to come from here and where we have 
launched before this year in UP, Haryana, we expect growth and also 
from the new products. So, growth will come from all three 
combinations.  
 
Siddharth Agarwal:  So, how has the response been from UP and Haryana? 
 
Vishal Domadia: 
All responses have been good. What are you specifically asking for? 
Farmer response, repeat demand? 

 
Siddharth Agarwal:  Farmer demand. 
 
Vishal Domadia:  
Wherever we have reached, all those places we have got repeat 
demand from the farmers and now we are also reaching new farmers. 
 
Siddharth Agarwal:  And finally, Sir you mentioned that sales did not happen in September 
because of the season so does that mean that inventory level in the 
industry will also be quite high since everyone would have stocked up 
at the ground level and will be impact the sales in the coming quarter 
or two? 
 
Vishal Domadia: 
The adverse condition in the past 2 years and inventory levels are 
controlled And like Sir mentioned earlier, molecules for both are 
different, there is no one in the market who has kept inventory of 20-
30%. So, there will not be any impact in H2.  
 
Siddharth Agarwal: On the ground inventory, it is not too much. It is not that the stockist 
will have the inventory next year.  
 
Vishal Domadia:  
Right. 
 
Siddharth Agarwal:  
Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Ketan 
Athavale from Robo Capital. Please go ahead.  
 
Ketan Athavale:  
Hello. Thank you for the opportunity, Sir. In our last call, we had given 
a guidance of revenue growth of around 25-30% with margin 
improvement of 1-1.5%. So, are we still holding this guidance?  
 
Vinay Joshi:  
See this because price realization is reduced so the margin what 1 to 
2%, we are expecting for this year, we may not see but of course GP 
margin, we are seeing improvement. In EBITDA margin, we may see 
going forward that initial margin of 1 to 2% and once we reach the 
optimal utilization in next three to four years then we'll see almost 
around 4% margin improvement.  
 
Ketan Athavale: 
Ok Sir. But is it possible at EBITDA margin level FY24 level can be 
maintained or is there a chance of it going lower? 
 
Vinay Joshi:   
H1 level, more or less we will maintain at same level.  
 
Ketan Athavale: 
 
OK.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Manthan from 
Alpha Wealth. Please go ahead.  
 
Manthan:  
Hello. Thank you for the opportunity. My question is that how much of 
our sales is coming from Gujarat?  

 
Ramesh Talavia: 
 
25% in B2C.  
 
Manthan:  
 
And from other states like UP, Haryana? 
 
Ramesh Talavia: 
2nd will be Maharashtra; 3rd will be MP and 4th Rajasthan. We are more 
focused on the West right now. 
 
Manthan:  
 
Ok. And in which year can we have a substantial revenue from 
Karnataka?  
 
Ramesh Talavia: 
 
Financial year 27. The next-to-next year. 
 
Manthan:  
 
Ok.  
 
Moderator:   
Sir, do you have any further questions?  
 
Manthan:  
 
No, nothing from my side.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, if you can share some insights on our 
retails sales B2C state wise contribution and in the next 2-3 years, what 
growth can we expect?   
 
Ramesh Talavia: 
We will have normal growth in Gujarat but from Maharashtra, MP and 
Rajasthan, we will see major growth, also we are focusing on UP 
which is a growing market and South India which has almost 40% 
potential of the market on which also we will be focusing. 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Ok, so Gujarat we should consider growth of 10% and how is the 
contribution from other states, MP, Rajasthan and Maharashtra? 
 
Ramesh Talavia: 
 
MP 12%, Maharashtra 12% and Rajasthan 9%. 
 
Ankit Gupta:  
Ok. So how much growth do we expect from these in next 2-3 years? 
 
Ramesh Talavia: 
 
More than 30%. 
 
Ankit Gupta:  
And how much does Gujarat? Sorry I missed it. 
 
Ramesh Talavia: 
 
34% 
 
Ankit Gupta:  
34% and here we can expect a growth of about 10%? 
  
Ramesh Talavia: 
 
Yes. 
 
Ankit Gupta:  
Ok, and Sir, as you mentioned, South is a big market and UP, so how 
much…? 

 
Ramesh Talavia:           Right now, our sales is only more than just double, triple.  
 
Ankit Gupta:                 Ok, thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today on behalf of 
Dharmaj Crop Guard Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your line. Thank you.   
 
