 
Adani Wilmar Ltd.                                                        Tel  +91 79 2645 5650 
Fortune House                                                             Fax +91 79 2645 5621 
Nr. Navrangpura Railway Crossing                            info@adaniwilmar.in  
Ahmedabad – 380 009                                               www.adaniwilmar.com 
Gujarat, India 
CIN: L15146GJ1999PLC035320 
 
Registered Office: Fortune House, Nr. Navrangpura Railway Crossing, Ahmedabad 380 009, Gujarat, India 
 
Ref No: AWL/SECT/2024-25/69 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543458 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: AWL 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call of Q2 of F.Y. 25 of Adani Wilmar Limited (“the 
Company’) 
 
This is in continuation to our earlier letter dated October 25, 2024 regarding audio 
recording of Q2 F.Y.25 Earnings call held on October 25, 2024. Please find attached 
transcript of the Earnings Call.  
 
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking You 
Yours Faithfully, 
For, Adani Wilmar Limited 
 
 
 
Darshil Lakhia  
Company Secretary 
Memb. No. – ACS 20217 
Encl.: As above 
 
a d a n i 
wilmar 
Darshil 
Mayank Lakhia
Digitally signed by 
Darshil Mayank Lakhia 
Date: 2024.10.29 
15:32:20 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“Adani Wilmar Limited Q2 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANGSHU MALLICK -- CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND MANAGING DIRECTOR -- ADANI WILMAR 
LIMITED 
MR. SHRIKANT KANHERE -- CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, ADANI WILMAR LIMITED 
MR. SAUMIN SHETH -- CHIEF OPERATING 
OFFICER, ADANI WILMAR LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KARAN BHUWANIA – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
adani 
wilmar 
For ii he<1lthy growing nation 
adani 
wilmar 
For ii heillthy growing niltion 
fl /CIC/ Securities 
C 
H 
O 
A 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of 
Adani Wilmar Limited, hosted by ICICI Securities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Bhuwania from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Karan Bhuwania: 
Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, everyone. It's our pleasure at ISEC to host Q2 FY '25 
results conference call of Adani Wilmar. 
From the management, we have Mr. Angshu Mallick – Chief Executive Officer and Managing 
Director; Mr. Shrikant Kanhere – Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Saumin Sheth – Chief 
Operating Officer. 
I will hand over the call to Shrikant sir for his “Opening Remarks”, post which we can open for 
Q&A. Thank you. Over to you, sir. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Thank you, and a very warm welcome to all the participants joining this call. Our sincere apology 
for starting this call a little late. The technology always keep testing all of us, and this is also one 
of the technology blips that we faced. So, again, sincere apology for starting it late. 
So, we will start with the presentation, which normally we do, just to give you an update on the 
performance of the Company for the Quarter 2. This straightaway goes to the results summary. 
I think Quarter 2 was one of our best quarters in terms of all the parameters of the business. 
Volume grew by 13%, revenue grew by 19%. We had been able to post a very handsome 
EBITDA of Rs. 621 crores for the quarter and a PAT of Rs. 326 crores on a standalone basis. 
When we look at the numbers on a consolidated basis, more or less similar picture, volume grew 
by 12% and revenue grew by 18%. The only difference between consolidated and standalone is 
the Bangladesh operations, which continue to be in stress, and a loss from Bangladesh operation 
is reflective in our consolidated number, the EBITDA at Rs. 613 crores and PAT at Rs. 311 
crores. 
When we look at the performance trends on a gross margins and EBITDA normalized, and 
particularly, if you look at last 4 quarters, we are very much in the range of our run rate, which 
we used to clock earlier. The gross margin is closely in the range of Rs. 1,700 crores quarter-
after-quarter and EBITDA in the range of Rs. (+550) crores. The last 2 quarters were excellent 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
in terms of the EBITDA. In both the quarters, we have been able to post the EBITDA of Rs. 600 
crores plus. 
On a segment basis: 
Edible Oil grew by 21% in terms of revenue, Food and FMCG grew by 34%. And when we look 
at on the half yearly basis, Edible Oil revenue grew by 15% and Food and FMCG grew by 37%. 
Industry Essential, there is a degrowth of 9% and 5%, respectively in quarter and H1, primarily 
driven by the lower oilseed business or rather, I would say, de-oiled cake business in soya bean 
and mustard, where management took a call not to get into the business, particularly because 
there was no parity in the business. And that's the reason why this degrowth in Industry 
Essentials. Otherwise, all the other parameters of this business segment are normal. 
In terms of the segment results: 
Again, for the quarter, Edible Oil delivered a segment result of Rs. 373 crores as against Rs. 398 
crores, up sequentially, first quarter, which is Q1 '25 and against a loss of Rs. 195 crores in Q2 
'24. So, it's a complete turnaround as far as the Edible Oil is concerned. 
Food and FMCG, as we always keep saying that it still continued to be close to EBITDA neutral 
kind of business, given the fact that our entire focus is on growing the market share and growing 
the volume. Industry Essential at Rs. 56 crores versus Rs. 56 crores of last year, more or less 
flattish, giving a total PBT of Rs. 402 crores for Quarter 2 and Rs. 418 crores for Quarter 1. Put 
together for H1, the PBT of Rs. 820 crores, which is ever highest for the Company. 
So, if I have to talk about quick, on the Company's level highlights: 
Volume grew by 12%. We clocked a revenue of close to Rs. 14,500 crores for the Quarter 2. 
We've also posted ever highest half yearly EBITDA of Rs. 1,232 crores with Q2 EBITDA of Rs. 
613 crores. Alternate channel continued to be growing very fast for us. The alternate channel 
revenue crossed Rs. 3,000 crores, in which the e-commerce is showing a substantial growth. 
Branded product sales through HoReCa channel, which is something which we are focusing 
more is also going very well. It grew by 40% year-on-year. And Bangladesh operation, as I said 
earlier, continues to be in stress. We lost Rs. 51 crores in H1; however, things have now started 
improving after the new government taking over in Bangladesh. 
More particularly Edible Oil highlights: 
Edible Oil recorded a volume growth of 17%, so a very impressive growth for Edible Oil 17%. 
High double-digit growth is very encouraging for us, and clocked a revenue of close to Rs. 
11,000 crores, which is 21% growth year-on-year. This entire growth in Edible Oil is driven by 
soya bean, sunflower and mustard oil, which is our flagship oil. The other oils also grew, but I 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
think the growth in these 3 oils were significantly higher than other oils. This is the second 
consecutive quarter where Edible Oil has been able to deliver such kind of performance with 
PBT of Rs. 373 crores, and for last 4 quarters, the trailing 12-month PBT of close to Rs. 1,300 
crores in Edible Oil. We continued our focus on the regionalization in a sense we are trying to 
launch products, which are more relevant and more near to the regional taste and regional 
preference and in that we launched a Kachi Ghani Mustard Oil for the Hilsa Festival in West 
Bengal, and that's one of the way we are trying to ensure that the customer stickiness continues 
with the Fortune. 
When we talk about the Food and FMCG highlights, again, an impressive story here. And as we 
always said that the focus of the Company remains on the food basket, where current strategy is 
to grow the volume, grow the market share, reach more and more markets. This segment revenue 
grew by 34% in Q2, close to Rs. 1,718 crores of turnover, underlying volume growth of 33%, 
which is very impressive. This 33% is inclusive of a government-to-government sale, which is 
rice sold to government agencies for the export, which is not a very sustainable business in a 
sense, we are not sure whether this will be there next year, yes or no. So, therefore, if we 
normalize this business also, the underlying volume growth in food is 21%, which is quite 
handsome. So, we are continuously growing plus of 20% in food. 
Wheat Flour business, it is one of the focus. Sub-business segment in the food continues to 
witness a very strong growth, and we are seeing encouraging results, whereby the stickiness of 
consumers we can track. There is very strong growth in other food products also. So, we have 
besan, pulses, soya nuggets, sugar, poha, soap, all have been able to post a strong double-digit 
growth year-on-year. And the branded sales of these only products have already crossed Rs. 
1,500 crores on a last 12-month basis. We have been increasing the retail penetration for the 
food. So, that's the strategy also to how can we leverage the Edible Oil distribution for the food. 
Now at least one of our food products is now reaching over 90% of the outlets that has been 
selling our Edible Oil. So, to that extent, we have been able to leverage our Edible Oil 
distribution network, but I think job is still not full done. Our efforts will be continuously on to 
ensure that how we can spread the distribution for our Food and FMCG segment. 
The Management is pleased to announce an ESOP scheme to reward the employees. This is a 
scheme which we were working for quite some time. We got an approval from the Board 
yesterday. It will, of course, follow all the regulatory approvals which would be required. It will 
go through a shareholder approval and then will go through the regulatory approval before we 
can formally launch this scheme. The scheme, of course, is directed towards retaining a good 
human capital in the Company and which will, of course, try to ensure that we have better people 
retained in the organization for growth of the Company. This scheme will have 1% of the pool, 
1% of issued shares. Issued and subscribed shares would be the pool for this scheme. And this 
will be vested in a period from 2 to 4 years from the date of the grant for encouraging long-term 
commitment and the performance from the employees. 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
So, on Edible Oil continues to be a cash cow for the Company. That is what we kept saying for 
last couple of years. And this trend continues. The Edible Oil grew strongly, and it contributed 
to a standalone EBITDA of Rs. 603 crores in Quarter 2 '25 versus Rs. 604 crores of Quarter 1 
'25. So, close to Rs. 1,200 crores of EBITDA have been contributed by the Edible Oil. Edible 
Oil volumes have been growing in high single-digit, robust profitability in last 4 years. When 
we talk about the Food, I think volume growth is very, very impressive for us, half-yearly topline 
growth of 34% in terms of volume and 41% in terms of revenue. Standalone EBITDA is close 
to the breakeven, and that is what the strategy is. By design, the EBITDA levels are low in the 
Food and FMCG segment as the entire focus of the Company remains on the volume and topline 
growth. Capacity utilization is decently placed at 57%, giving an indication that we have enough 
capacities in place to accommodate the future growth that this segment will see. 
Wheat Flour market share is continuously going up. As per the IMRB MAT '24, market share 
of Wheat Flour on MAT 12 months basis in September '24 went up to 5.25% versus 4.42%, so 
close to 1% gain in the market share. The similar kind of growth we have seen in Edible Oil 
also. I forgot to mention that in the previous slide. As per the IMRB, the Edible Oil market share 
has also gone up from 16.12% to 16.2%. The market share, which has been reflected on this 
presentation is from the IMRB, which tracks the market share basis the household penetration 
rather than the retail penetration, which AC Nielsen does. So, this time Company has used this 
source, and henceforth, we will continue to use this source as to track our growth as far as the 
market share is concerned. 
On a general trade distribution: 
We continue to grow. So, now, we are close to 7,70,000 retail outlets, which have been reached 
directly by the Company. And in terms of rural town coverage, we are now plus of 36,000 of 
towns. Of course, our target of reaching 50,000 towns by March '25 continues, and we are 
focusing on that, and we are very sure that we will achieve this target by March '25. Alternate 
channel remains a very good story for Company. It continues to grow faster than general trade. 
And within the alternate channel, the e-commerce is a very, very impressive story. 
So, alternate channel now contributes close to Rs. 3,000 crores of revenue for the Company basis 
last 12 months. And overall growth for the alternate channel is 14%, in which e-commerce grew 
by 27% and quick commerce, which is most talked about channel today in India, and most of 
the FMCG companies are certainly trying to leverage more and more on this, grew by 46%. So, 
that's the growth. And our internal data suggests that we enjoy a very, very handsome market 
share on all these channels, and it's a very strong market share, which we have been able to see. 
And we are doing all sort of interventions to ensure that this channel for us continues to grow. 
And we are using AIs, and we are using all the insights, which are available to us to see how we 
can leverage more and more on this particular channel. 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
So, HoReCa channel, which is another alternate channel for us, which we started 2 years back 
is growing very fast. 40% plus kind of year-on-year growth and now contributing close to Rs. 
500 crores of revenue basis last 12 months. 
When we look at segment-wise profitability, the entire profitability was led by Edible Oil and 
Industry Essential, given the fact that Food by design is EBITDA neutral for us. Total standalone 
EBITDA, including other income of Rs. 678 crores and for the H1 EBITDA of close to Rs. 1,350 
crores. And so, therefore, overall, when we look at the financial performance, quite a 
significantly better numbers to reflect as compared to what we were able to post last year. Last 
year was one-off kind of situation, which was explained very well in the market. So, against loss 
of Rs. 125 crores in last H1, we were able to post standalone PAT of Rs. 649 crores. Consolidated 
PAT on Q2 basis of Rs. 311 crores against Rs. 131 crores loss of last year. 
The Company continues to do a lot of engagements on the digital platform to see that we 
continue to connect with the customers focused engagement with consumer on product benefits 
offerings. And most of these connects are also region-specific also. It also connects very well 
with the consumers basis the various festivals, which we have, India is celebrating. So, these 
efforts and the targeted ATL activations continue, the multiple campaigns with targeted 
messagings. And we could see the benefit of all these campaigns in stickiness of the consumers 
for the Fortune brand. 
So, if I have to summarize the key takeaways for Quarter 2 '25, if I have to actually put it into 
one line, I think the demand, the stability in the prices and the brand equity, all 3 major 
parameters actually work for us, not only in the Quarter 2, but also for the Quarter 1, which is 
reflective on our results, very handsome volume growth of 12%. Food and FMCG has crossed 
Rs. 5,800 crores of turnover on the last 12-month basis. So, therefore, we are quite sure that we 
will have that target of Rs. 6,000 crores plus of turnover for the Food for the financial year '25, 
and we are committed to see that we reach to the Food and FMCG turnover of Rs. 10,000 crores 
by FY '27. Standalone EBITDA of Rs. 2,100 crores plus on last 12-month basis, which is 
suggestive of the fact that our standard run rates are back, and we should be able to deliver better 
numbers for FY '25. 
Distribution, we continue to work. Channel growth and alternate channel, I think I already spoke 
of. ESG is something which we keep continuing. AWL is now included in FTSE4Good Index 
Series. Besides that, quickly on ESG, also Company continues to work on various ESG 
initiatives, including water conservation, installation of solar plant capacity for green energy, 
and of course, rainwater harvesting and a sustainable procurement that is something agenda-
driven, and we have been continuously working on this direction. 
So, this is all from my side as far as the presentation is concerned, to give you a quick update on 
the Quarter 2 and H1 numbers. 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
Now I request moderator to open the floor for question and answer. We would be happy to take 
them. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Congrats on very good set of numbers. My first question is on Edible Oil. If I see your quarterly 
run rate for the last 4 years, 3 years, it was almost stable. Hardly any movement in terms of the 
1 million ton. This year, there is a spectacular movement. Is there any one-off? Is there any 
seasonality, festival-related impact or any modern trade or e-commerce activation? Or is it 
because of all this volatility? Whenever any pricing goes up in FMCG, generally, the market 
leader gains market share, and we have seen, obviously, sharp inflation in the last 3, 4 months. 
Is that driving that? 
Angshu Mallick: 
I think in Quarter 2, we had seen very steady prices barring that last 15 days when the duty hike 
was announced around 14th of September. But if you look at the entire quarter, the quarter was 
steady. So, whenever the commodity prices are steady, the brands always do well, and Fortune 
as a brand has been doing well. That is one. Two, over the last 2 years, we have made certain 
structural changes in our distribution factor. One of them has been to merge the food and oil 
distributors. Earlier, they were separate. So, from January '24, we started that exercise, and we 
merged all the distributors. That gave us strength because Edible Oil distribution was far stronger 
than Food. 
Second is that we had a separate sales team also. So, that also we started merging, and we could 
close that by March. So, we started gaining certain advantage of unified sales force and unified 
distributors. That is 2 things. Third is that rural markets, we have surely pushed for adding more 
towns, and we are at 37,600 almost. So, all this has inch by inch helped us to grow the 
distribution. And that is why we could reach 7.8 lakh retail outlets directly. And I think these are 
some of the reasons. 
Apart from this, we had good institutional sales, particularly from ITC, Parle and all that because 
there also sales picked up in July, August, September. And we are always a preferred supplier 
because we have pan-India production setup. So, it's very easy for them to buy from any of the 
location at any of that plant. So, that gives us an advantage over others, which we obviously 
have taken. So, all put together, the frying industry, baking industry, they have done well, and 
our retail distribution has done well. 
Abneesh Roy: 
And sir, ex of B2B, you said ITC, Parle, et cetera, have seen a good offtake, which I think if you 
could confirm, is it largely for biscuits? Second is B2C part would have seen what 12%, 13% 
growth? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Almost that, little growth because 17% overall, but around PAT should be around 11% or so. 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
Abneesh Roy: 
So, next question is on Food and FMCG. So, here if I see, your pricing growth seems only 1%, 
which is surprising given there is a broad-based inflation everywhere. If you could tell us if there 
is some downtrading or adverse mix? Second is, why has branded rice not done well? 
Angshu Mallick: 
First part is that when you look at the total Food business, the growth on revenue has not grown 
only because the G2G business of rice is a lower priced rice. And that has contributed to topline, 
but value-wise, it has not given us that value because cheaper variety of rice is exported through 
the G2G route. That is one. 
Two, branded rice has not grown. Possibly, there are a couple of reasons. One of them has been 
that the basmati rice prices have come down drastically in the last 1 year by around 15% or so. 
So, retailers and wholesalers are trying to sell whatever stocks they have in their hand because 
they are expecting, and we know for sure, that this year's basmati crop is going to be bigger than 
last year, and the prices are already, the new crop that has arrived in the market from September 
end onwards, are almost 10% to 15% cheaper than last year. So, retail and wholesale, even 
institutions, I would say, those who buy regularly from us, wanted to consume their stock first 
and then buy. So, that is one of the reasons why we didn't do well. But we should be in a position 
to start picking up from October onwards. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Last quick question on Bangladesh. The pricing control, is it over? And second, in terms of the 
losses, which has risen, so when do you see profit coming because even in Q1, there was a loss? 
So, what is the issue? Q1, there was no big problem in terms of the law and order. And third, of 
course, is because of the way currently things are, any plans for a different strategy in 
Bangladesh, say, in terms of new product launches or, say, aggression or, say, localization? 
Anything you would need to change in Bangladesh? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
See, Bangladesh is, of course, I think we all know what's happening in that country for the last 
2 years. First, last year went bad because of the currency issue. And I think last 6 months were 
bad because of the government turbulence. I think now we have a new government in place. A 
lot of policy corrections, we can see in this particular country. We are only focusing on the 
branded sale in that country. And our expectation, of course, is that in the next 6 months, I think 
things should improve, but we are not very optimistic, at least for this financial year. From the 
next financial year, our expectation is that things should fall in place. We are losing basically 
money of not recovering the full fixed cost, actually, if you really ask me. On a contribution 
level, we have been able to cover all the variable costs, and that's how the situation as of now 
today in Bangladesh. 
I think the currency issue has more or less now been resolved. In a sense, the currency is now 
stable at 120, 122 level. It's not going up. The government is consistently trying to keep the 
inflation; of course, they have not yet been able to do that. I mean, day before yesterday, they 
raised the bank rate to 10%. It is the first time in the country that the bank rate is more than the 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
inflation rate. So, those all steps are being taken. We are hopeful that we should be able to do 
better in the next 6 months. On your question, the new product launches and all that, I think that 
right now, this is not a time in that country to take such kind of initiative. We will wait and watch 
for another 3, 4 months, and then, we will take a call on whether we really want to do anything 
on the brand perspective. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Congrats on a good set of results. So, my first question was really on the increase in duties. Just 
wanted to understand how this is going to play out in the market and how it is going to play out 
from an inventory perspective for you also going into Q3. I understand that there is a certain 
amount of inventory, probably 30, 40 days of inventory that you always have in-house. So, with 
this duty increase, just 2 or 3 factors, one is, is there a positive kind of mark-to-market benefit 
on inventory gains coming in, in Q3? Secondly, how has it landed in the market? Have all the 
prices now been adjusted upwards? And thirdly, do you expect any kind of demand impact on 
account of the price increase? Those are my questions on the duty. 
Angshu Mallick: 
Okay. First is that the duty hike was due for a long time, and there has been a lot of requests 
from the trade association, farmers' lobby, everybody that local oilseed prices were selling lower 
than MSP and that government should help increase the prices of edible oil, which were surely 
lower level. And the government did intervene on 14th of September. That is one. As per our 
risk management policy, we have certain policy guidelines under which we manage our 
inventory. So, we don't overdo or we don't play down. We have already seen how we were 
affected in Q1 and Q2 last year. So, there has been certain changes in our risk management 
policy, so which we have adhered to. 
In Edible Oil, historically, whenever there is an increase in price, whether because of duty or 
any other reason, that is normally passed on. And there is always a lag of 10, 15 days because 
inventory pipeline, inventory at distributor level, retail level, even at Company warehouses, are 
there to take care of 15, 20 days. So, that normally keeps the Edible Oil stable for some time, 
and then slowly, the market starts reacting towards the new price. And historically, that is how 
it has been always passed on by the manufacturer because our job is to buy at Rs. 100, make a 
margin and sell it. That is how everybody does, and we always do weighted average. So, when 
the duty hike was there, obviously, we had our incoming stocks at a higher duty, so averaging 
out and then pricing it and selling. That is how the entire industry does, and we have also done 
it like that. 
Harit Kapoor: 
And sir, just to follow up on that, has that process now been completed in the market because 
it's been about, say, 40 days since the import duty increase happened? So, has that now largely 
been passed through? And I know you have risk management processes in place, but given that 
you would have had some older stock at lower prices, would this result in some kind of a gain 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
coming in into Q3, at least on the inventory side, while not structural, but could it be a onetime 
gain? 
Angshu Mallick: 
See, one is that the pass-on of the hike in duty has already been done, and that most of the Edible 
Oil manufacturers have been selling at the duty. What more has happened is that the international 
has gone up more, which we expected that it might come down. So, that has added to the pricing 
pressure. So, everybody has passed on whatever they had, and there can be some gain, but not 
something great windfall gain. Small gains can be there, only to the extent of the risk 
management policy, what it allows. So, we are not looking at that as a great anything. We are 
more optimistic on the next quarter's marriage season demand and how that spans out. So, 
hopefully, next quarter should be better. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Just on the Edible Oil piece again, obviously, the first half has been excellent. It seems like a 
significant amount of market share gain, which has continued to come through driven by your 
distribution expansion as well as merging of distribution as well as regionalization. I just wanted 
to get a sense of ex the B2B business, which has also done very well, on the B2C part, last 5 
years, the Edible Oil volume growths is almost like 7% CAGR. And this year, obviously, things 
have been even better. Do you expect that this above-average kind of performance holds on for 
going forward for the next few quarters, given that your own initiatives have been kind of fast 
tracked over the last 12 months or so? 
Angshu Mallick: 
See, our initiative has always been to create more and more reach to the consumer. We are an 
essential commodity. Consumers don't wait for a brand. They just go and buy the brand, 
whatever is available. And top of the mind if it is Fortune, then Fortune must be available. So, 
the key to grow sales has always been distribution. That is one. Two, historically, we have been 
poor in South, and we have always said that South is somewhere we can do well. Let me tell 
you, 34% of branded edible oil is sold in South, which is the largest branded oil market, and our 
penetration is surely poor. So, we know that if we do well there, we will continue to grow for 
years to come, not one quarter. So, our focus is there, and we are putting our good team there, 
and we are working hard on it. 
So, going forward, I think distribution-led growth will continue. That is one. We are also looking 
at out-of-home consumption because out-of-home consumption is going to grow in days to 
come. And we have a team, HoReCa team, which is working on it. There also, we have some 
option of selling higher quantity, mainly 15-kilo tins because the hotels buys 15-kilo tins 
branded, of course. So, there, we are pushing. 
So, looking forward, if not 17% or like this, because these are not always a regular thing, but 
yes, double-digit growth is what we expect. 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
Harit Kapoor: 
Great to hear. Sir, last question was on Food and FMCG. So, this year, you also had first half, 
there has been the government order-led growth, which I think would continue probably this 
year, but may not be a phenomenon going forward. And also, I think you've seen some inflation 
in prices. Also, competitive intensity in wheat flour would have been pretty high. I just wanted 
to get your sense on how do you see the margin kind of claw back starting again. And when do 
you see that kind of playing out? Because this first half of the year, the margins have been a little 
bit lower on this segment. So, when do you see that buildup kind of happening again, just wanted 
a timeline from your perspective? 
Angshu Mallick: 
You are right. There has been stress on the Food business, both rural and urban, because of the 
high inflation. And you can't pass on the way you can pass on the edible oil prices to the 
consumer. It is faster. But in case of wheat, rice, besan, sugar, very difficult to pass on the full 
hike immediately. It takes a little time. That is one. 
And second, consumers are relatively a little more conscious on these products. Edible Oil is 
still much more branded, 80% is branded. So, consumers either way buy branded. But when it 
comes to wheat flour, rice and all that, consumers always have the option to buy those where 
they get it cheap because 5% GST is not there, Rs. 3 or Rs. 4 packing cost is not there, retailer's 
margin is lower. So, all this gives a lot of support to the consumers. So, we can't increase the 
price so much. That pressure always remains in this type of product. 
But going forward, I think the inflation might be better off. Wheat production next year is going 
to be reasonably better because of the good monsoon this year. And dal, pulses, also, will be 
good. Rice, already it is 10% down. So, I think overall, food inflation will normalize, and we 
will see good growth in Food business as well as a little bit increased margin. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Megh Shah from Prospero Tree Financial Services. Please 
go ahead. 
Megh Shah: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. I just have a one simple question. The Edible Oil segment 
has been making profit since the last 3 to 4 quarters. So, are these profits sustainable? And what 
are our sustainable margin range EBITDA or PBT, anything is fine, for this segment? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
See, the Edible Oil business, of course, is a flagship business of the Company. We have been in 
this business for last more than now 24 years. And we have been number 1 market player in the 
country with a strong market share. I think this business will continue the way it is performing 
today. I think we get a little bit drawn by the last year's Quarter 1 and Quarter 2 numbers, but 
the numbers we have been able to focus on last 4 quarters for Edible Oil are the sustainable 
numbers. There might be plus/minus a little bit because, as I said in my commentary, I think last 
2 quarters the demand, the brand equity, and of course, the stability in prices all work for us. 
And any one of it not going well sometimes have got an impact on the margins. But more or 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
less, this is the range which we should be able to deliver on Edible Oil, which we have been 
delivering for last trailing 4 quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Utkarsh from DSP Broking. 
Utkarsh: 
Sir, I also belong from the edible oil industry. So, I would like to point out some issues which 
happened from Adani's side. Sir, for example, like when we sell mustard seeds like in mandis, 
even if we sell bad quality mustard seeds, it gets passed by Adani. It should be rejected. So, the 
managers who are there, they are corrupt, sir. They get some money and even bad quality seeds 
they pass it. So, sir, as a shareholder of AWL, I don't like these things. Sir, I would like you 
should monitor what's happening at the warehouse level. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
No, sir, your point is well taken. We will certainly look into it. I think this call is more to discuss 
on the performance of the Company for the Q2 and H1. But having said that, you are trying to 
raise an operational issue, I think well noted, and we will certainly look into it. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Yes. So, thank you, everyone, for joining the call. And it's our pleasure to present before you 
one of the best set of numbers for Q1 and Q2 and for the H1. And we are quite hopeful that we 
will continue this stride as we go forward. Thank you very much, and keep tracking us and keep 
writing to us in case you have any queries. Thank you. 
Angshu Mallick: 
Thank you from my side also to everyone. I'm sorry for little delay in start. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities, 
that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you. 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 
