TRACXN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED
Date: November 14, 2024
To,
To,
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block,
Dalal Street,
Bandra-Kurla Complex,
Mumbai- 400001
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051
Company Code: 543638
Company Code: TRACXN
Sub: Transcript of the Investor/Analyst Earnings Call held on Friday, November 8, 2024
Dear Sir/Madam,
This is in continuation to our letter dated November 8, 2024, wherein we had informed regarding the
video link of the earnings call with analysts/investors for the quarter and half year ended September
30, 2024.
In this regard, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the said call.
The transcript is also available on the Company’s website i.e.
https://cdn.tracxn.com/investor-relations/financials/Q2FY25_Earnings_Call_Transcript__g0PaVO-J9l
t3DvuVAcbQt.pdf
Kindly take the above said information on record.
Thanking you.
Yours faithfully,
For Tracxn Technologies Limited
Surabhi Pasari
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Membership No. F11215
Encl. A/a
Registered Office Address: No. L-248, 2nd Floor, 17th Cross, Sector 6, HSR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka, 560102
Ph: +91 90360 90116, Email: hi@tracxn.com, Website: www.tracxn.com CIN: L72200KA2012PLC065294
Surabhi 
Pasari
Digitally signed by 
Surabhi Pasari 
Date: 2024.11.14 
14:32:49 +05'30'

Tracxn Technologies Limited
Q2 FY25-Earnings Conference Call
November 08st, 2024
Management:
Ms. Neha Singh, Chairperson and Managing Director
Mr. Abhishek Goyal, Vice Chairman and Executive Director
Mr. Prashant Chandra, Chief Financial Officer
Host and Moderator:
Ms. Devanshi Kamdar, Systematix Shares and Stocks (India) Ltd
Mr. Sidharth Agrawal, Systematix Shares and Stocks (India) Ltd
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
1

Moderator:
Yeah, good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thanks for joining us today for
the Q2 FY25 earnings call for Tracxn Technologies Limited. On behalf of
Systematix, me and Sidharth Agarwal would like to thank the management
of Tracxn for giving us the opportunity to host this earnings call.
Today on the call we have Ms. Neha Singh, the co-founder, chairperson, and
managing director, Mr. Abhishek Goyal, co-founder, vice chairman, and
executive director, and Mr. Prashant Chandra, CFO. I would now like to hand
over the call to Ms. Neha to give her their opening remarks and take us
through the PPT. And after that, we will open up for the Q&A session.
Please use the hand raise option to ask questions, or you can also submit
your questions in the Q&A box at the bottom of your screen. Thanks, and
with that, over to you, Neha.
Neha Singh:
Thanks, Devanshi.
Welcome, everyone. Thanks so much for joining us today for our earnings
calls for the second quarter for the financial year 25. We are very excited to
present our results for this quarter.
We would, in terms of format, we would like to run through a short
presentation and share some key highlights for this period. I will also give
some commentary along, which will be helpful in the overall understanding,
and we will follow that up with the Q&A session. Request you to please take
note of the standard disclaimers for this presentation.
Quick recap on our business. So, Tracxn is a data and software platform for
the private markets globally. If you look at the public market, it has created
multiple large companies, many of which are highly cash-rich, profitable
companies.
As private markets are becoming large and important, it will also create
platforms like these, and we are building a global platform in this space. Our
customers include venture capital funds, private equity funds, investment
banks, as well as M&A and innovation teams of large Fortune 500
corporations. Also, it's a global platform, so nearly 60% of our revenue is
international, and we have customers in over 50 countries.
I would like to begin by summarizing the financial performance for Q2 FY25.
To set the context, we have one business, one legal entity, so you will not
see terms like standalone or consolidated. All the numbers that I'll talk
about is for the business overall.
Revenue from operations for Q2 FY25 was Rs. 21.4 crore. This is a 4.2%
growth on a sequential QoQ basis. Total income was Rs. 22.8 crore, which is
an annualized run rate of Rs. 91.2 crore. Coming to profitability, EBITDA for
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
2

the quarter was positive Rs. 0.9 crore. Also to add, this EBITDA includes all
non-cash expense also, like ESOP charge.
PAT for the same period was positive Rs. 1.7 crore. Slight increase of Rs.0.4
crore on a sequential QoQ basis. Moving on, EBITDA margin was 4.3% and
PAT margin was 7.9%, expansion on a QoQ basis. I will also quickly
summarize the YTD numbers of financials for the half year of the current
financial year. Revenue from operations was Rs. 41.9 crore. Total income
was Rs.44.8 crore. In terms of profitability, EBITDA was Rs. 1.2 crore for the
first 6 months. PAT was Rs. 3 crore for the first 6 months. In terms of
margin, EBITDA margin was 2.9%. PAT margin was 7.1%. The business
continued to generate positive free cash flow. The free cash flow for the
first half was a good Rs. 8.3 crore. Cash-in-cash equivalence stood at nearly
Rs.85 crore, which is an increase of 34.8% on a year-on-year basis. And an
increase of Rs. 22 crore in absolute terms on a year-on-year basis.
So, this is a fairly large increase. In the subsequent slides, I will be covering
each of the metrics we talked about in the summary in more detail, starting
with revenue. Revenue from operations is essentially revenue from
platform subscriptions.
Bulk of our revenue is subscription-based, so it's a fairly high quality
revenue. Also, please note that this is accrued revenue. So, though we do
prepaid billing and collections, like most other financial data platforms you
may have seen, we only recognize revenue for the time duration falling
within the reporting period for which the service was made available.
As discussed earlier, revenue from operations in H1 FY25 was Rs. 41.9 crore.
The revenue in Q2 FY25 was Rs.21.4 crore, which is a growth of 4% on a
sequential QoQ basis. Total income for H1 FY25 was Rs. 44.8 crore. The total
income for Q2 FY25 was Rs. 22.8 crore, which is a growth of 4% on a
sequential QoQ basis. So, the good news is that, from last year being a
tough market, we have started to see sequential QoQ growth in revenue
and total income.
A lot of this is due to internal initiatives that I will cover in the subsequent
slides. We have also added historical data for the last 4 financial years for
reference here. We continue to have profitable operations in Q2 FY25.
EBITDA for Q2 FY25 was Rs. 0.9 crore and H1 FY25 was Rs. 1.2 crore. Please
note, this includes the non-cash expense, primarily ESOP expense. If you
exclude these non-cash expenses, the adjusted EBITDA was Rs. 3.4 crore for
the current financial year. PAT for Q2 FY25 was Rs. 1.7 crore and for H1 FY25
was Rs. 3 crore.
If you exclude the non-cash expense, primarily ESOP expense, the adjusted
PAT was Rs. 6 crore for the first half of the current financial year. Both
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
3

EBITDA and PAT have increased on a sequential QoQ basis.
Coming to margins, EBITDA margin for the first half was 2.9% and for Q2
FY25 was 4.3%, which is an expansion of 2.9% on a QoQ basis. PAT margin
for the first half was 7% and for Q2 it was 7.9%, which is an expansion of
1.7% on a QoQ basis. So we continue to see margin expansion on a QoQ
basis.
One of the other metrics that we track closely for the business is what part
of incremental revenue is going into bottom line. In FY21-22, this metric
was close to 80%. In FY23, we saw this metric decrease to 31% and then
again go back to the subsequent year to 43%.
In H1, the incremental revenue was offset by the marginal increase in cost
as we are aggressively investing across various growth initiatives. Just a
point to note that despite these investments and growth initiatives, we
continue to have profitable operations as well as generate free cash flow in
the first half of the current financial year. Coming to expenses, our total
expense for H1 FY25 was Rs 40.8 crore. This is a 4% increase over the same
period last year. On the right hand side of this slide, we have also given the
expense breakup across the key components. The key components are the
same as what you have seen previously, but just to summarize, first, bulk of
our expenses team cost in H1 FY25, this was 88% of the total expense.
This has been in the same range across the last three financial years. In
FY22, 23, 24, this was 89%, 88%, 88% respectively of the total expense.
Also, please note that all our team is in-house and there is no outsource or
contract workforce.
The second largest item is cloud hosting, which accounted for 2.9% of the
total expense. As we do a lot of data processing and analytics, this is
followed by rental expense. The other interesting aspect to note is that we
don't have a large paid marketing expense line item because we don't have
a large paid marketing spend, neither digital nor offline, typically required
for customer acquisition.
The reason for this being, because we are a data company, we produce a lot
of content and hence are able to use a lot of our organic traffic, user
content for getting a lot of organic traffic. We are able to acquire these very
efficiently, which is reflected in our expense breakup. Another interesting
point, if you see, so across the last three years, from FY21 to the current
quarter, the headcount actually increased only by 7%, which is from 624
three years back to current ending 669 at the end of last quarter.
Expense in the same period of three years increased by 34%, but the
revenue in this period has doubled. So it's great to see that while the
revenue has nearly doubled, the headcount increased by only 7% in this
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
4

period, which is a great testimony to the operating leverage of the business.
Moving on to some of the other financial matrices, the company generated
positive free cash flow of 8.3 crore in H1 FY25. If you see, this is an increase
of 7.8 crore over H1 of last financial year. Cash and cash equivalent stood at
85 crore, which is a very healthy increase of 22 crores on an year-on-year
basis or a 34.8% increase on a year-on-year basis. So we generated a good
amount of free cash flow as well as added cash and cash equivalent
throughout this quarter.
Similar to the previous quarters, I'll talk a little bit about the market. So in
line with what we had indicated previously, 2023 calendar year overall was
a very muted year for the private markets, which is last calendar year. I'm
sure you would have already seen some commentary in the past, but just to
put into perspective, if you see the global tech funding, this was at a near
six-year low in 2023.
Global funding in 2023 was down nearly 40% from the previous year. Similar
was a trend in India, where it was down nearly 60% in 2023 over the
previous year. 2024, which is the current calendar year, the run rate is
slightly better than last year, though it is still only the second lowest across
the last seven years.
Even if you see across the late stage, so one proxy for the late stage activity
is the number of new unicorn startups that are getting created, or the new
private companies which got valued at over a billion dollar valuation. In the
nine months of 2024, there were 71 new unicorns that got created globally.
India saw six new unicorns in the nine months of the current calendar year.
And the current run rate, though it's better than last year, it's the second
lowest across the last seven years. Even if you look at the M&A activity, that
has been fairly muted, like the M&A deal value last year, 2023, was the
lowest in the last decade. Even if you look at IB fee, the investment banking
M&A advisory fee, 2020, this was one of the lowest across the last 10 years.
So the good part is that this year's run rate, which is 2024, is looking slightly
better than last year, though it is still nearly the second lowest across the
last 10 years in terms of global M&A activity. If you see more granular data,
you can see that the recovery has started. The overall funding recovery is
still awaited.
However, if you see the recent quarterly data, you can see improving
momentum and paths. For instance, if you look at the early stage, there's
consistent recovery across the last two quarters. If you see the year-on-year
growth rate, which had been declining last year, so that has been improving
across the last two to three quarters.
So the general consensus is that the bottom is behind us, and that we
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
5

should see further recovery in the coming months. Coming to some of the
business metrics, we continue to see green shoots. On the left-hand side,
you can see the QoQ trend of the number of customer accounts.
And on the right-hand side, you can see the number of net customer
accounts that got added in each quarter. So if you see the last three
financial year, we have added an average of between 30 to 60 new net
accounts on a quarterly basis. This pace of volume addition increased a lot
starting three quarters back, which was Q4 of the last financial year when
we added a net of 88 new accounts.
In the subsequent quarter, which is Q1 of the current financial year, it
increased even further when we added about 101 new customer accounts.
And you'll be very glad to see that the momentum continues. So in the last
quarter, we added an all-time high number of accounts, higher than the
previous two quarters, and much higher than what we used to add a year
back.
In terms of numbers, Q2 saw 102 accounts getting added, which is, as
mentioned, a new all-time high. Coming to deferred revenue, this we
continue to hold up. So the deferred revenue for the first half of the current
financial year was 35 crore, which is a 12% year-on-year increase.
Moving on to the value and volume growth, we are seeing early signs of
momentum in both volume as well as value growth. So here on the
left-hand side, you can see the revenue from operations across the last 12
quarters. So if you see across the last two quarters, you can see that this
has been increasing on a sequential QoQ basis.
And Q2 FY25, which was the last quarter, was the second highest QoQ
growth across the last seven quarters. On the right-hand side, you can see
the number of accounts for the last 12 quarters. As I mentioned previously,
our pace of customer addition grew rapidly, starting three quarters back,
and has been increasing ever since.
In Q2 FY25, we added the highest QoQ volume growth in absolute terms.
Coming to platform engagement metrics, they continue to look very healthy
and following the historical upward trend. So if you look at the platform
usage, which here is in terms of number of exports and MyAnalyst data
queries that our customers have sent, this has grown 1.7x across the last
two years. So engagement has grown both at the overall level as well as at
the per user level. So it's a very healthy trend that we continue to see.
Apart from these, we at our end have been investing heavily across various
growth initiatives.
These span across go-to-market funnel of marketing, sales, and account
expansion. And this has started giving us very good results, and we expect
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
6

further acceleration to follow. I'll take a couple of minutes to talk about
some of the growth initiatives we are aggressively working on, and I'm very
excited to share the results about.
One of the very interesting growth initiatives that we've talked about
previously is scaling our organic traffic. So because we are a data company,
we are able to use a lot of data that we own to launch large set of public
pages, which generate a lot of customer traffic. For instance, if someone is
searching for fintech companies in Singapore or SaaS companies in North
America, they come across our pages, and we are able to generate leads
through that.
If you look at the organic search traffic that we got across all our pages, this
was over 10 million in the first half of the current financial year. So three
things regarding that. One, this is a very large funnel that we've been able
to build.
Second, it has grown rapidly, if you can see, across the last few quarters. For
instance, it has grown about three times across the last three years. Thirdly,
we continue to work on this aggressively, and we expect it to increase even
further.
For instance, the current year's traffic run rate has already crossed 20
million, higher than last year's. Another very interesting growth initiative is
the launch of Tracxn Lite. So we launched Tracxn Lite
this year for
product-led growth to increase the awareness about the richness of our
platform among potential customers.
With Tracxn Lite, users are able to get access to the entire platform when
they sign up, though with obvious some limitations, like restricted daily
limits for profile views, exports, and certain platform modules. We continue
to see very good traction in this. So over 68,000 users have signed up for
Tracxn Lite within just the first nine months of launch.
And if you compare to last quarter, the pace of organic signups have
actually increased. The monthly active users has now crossed 21,500, which
is a fairly sizable number. So this is a large set of users getting familiar with
the platform, which helps us in building a very good acquisition pipeline, as
part of our users express interest in upgrade over time.
We had also set up a specialized team for select high-potential customer
segments, a good example being universities. So as we mentioned
previously, we had set up a specialized team with cumulative experience of
over 20 years in selling to universities. Majority of our relevant customer
segments come from top universities globally, which is also a great avenue
to educate them about data platforms like ours.
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
7

So we are seeing very good results from this initiative. So this was one of
our initial vertical teams that was set up, and it has been about three
quarters. So I also wanted to share some results that you will be very
excited to hear.
So the number of customers in this segment has doubled in just three
quarters of the current year. So essentially, we added more number of
accounts in the first nine months of launching this vertical team than what
we had historically across the last nine years. And also because of these
focus teams, they are able to do very targeted outbound and get
high-potential logo customers.
For instance, as of today, we have about six IIMs customers, and 14 more
have committed to come during this year. So by the end of the year, we
would have nearly all the IIMs customers, which is a great set of logos to
have. We have also acquired many of the NIRF-ranked universities, which is
essentially national ranking of higher education institutes.
And today, our university customers include many across IITs, IIMs, NITs, ISP,
ISE, and more. So this is a great testimony to the vertical sales team
approach, which is working very effectively. In segments where we have a
customer base, setting up these focus teams can significantly accelerate
customer acquisition rates.
Additionally, it can help us increase both revenue as well as market share
across these segments. As we expand this approach to other segments, we
anticipate a similar boost in growth across multiple customer categories.
Moving to the next segment, we had also set up a specialized team for
private equity.
So PE is a large and cash-rich segment. We currently have lower penetration
in this segment as compared to the venture capital segment. So this is a
very close-adjusted segment that we can look to acquire customers in.
So this was one of the segments that we had picked up for starting the
vertical team. And in this, we did a bunch of things. So in addition to the
sales effort, we also augmented the data sets requested by these customer
segments.
And we also started doing in-person meetings in select cities. We are also
seeing great results in this segment. So this is a relatively newer segment
than the university segment we talked about earlier.
So this is actually less than two quarters old. But even in the short time, we
actually got fairly encouraging results. For instance, in PE, India, the number
of accounts increased by 40% in just less than two quarters.
Also, more importantly, the conversion rates have improved, which is
basically the demo to closure as tracked by the sales team. From being
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
8

around 15% to now being over 30% in this segment, so the conversion rates
have doubled. So we're very excited about scaling the segment as well,
because this can be a very large segment.
We have also set up a specialized sales team for startups. We have seen
high volume of involvements from startups. So even though startups are
served by the same platform, they have slightly different use case and
workflow requirements.
It is more focused around sales and marketing, market intelligence, investor
outreach. It's a very high-volume segment, but it's at a lower price point
than the investor. So cumulatively, this can be a sizable segment served by
the same platform.
Traditionally, we have not catered to this segment. But more recently, we
have set up a separate go-to-market strategy for this segment, as we've
been getting a very high and increasing volume of inbound from this
segment. So we are seeing very good success in terms of pace of customer
acquisition in this segment as well.
So initially, we were planning to launch about three vertical teams every
year. But based on the success that we saw in the initial set of vertical
teams, we have accelerated the launch of more teams. Instead of launching
more over the subsequent years, we have launched an additional seven
vertical teams in the current year itself.
So these are specialized teams for customer segments such as investing
bank, venture capital, accelerator and incubator, corporate sales teams, etc.
So most of the impact of the vertical sales team that you saw has primarily
based on only about three teams reaching maturity. So we believe we have
cracked a very repeatable playbook here through this architecture and
setting up new units should have a material impact.
And we believe that this will help us accelerate the customer acquisition in
the segments as well as gain market share over time, bringing us to our
desired growth trajectory. And you should be able to see impacts of these
units that I'm just talking about over the next three to six months. Moving
on, another interesting growth initiative that we've been working on is
expanding coverage of financials datasets of private companies on our
platform.
These datasets are particularly in demand by certain customer segments
like private equity, investment banks, among others. So we have been
significantly increasing the throughput of these data production engines,
and we believe that this will open up more private equity and investment
bank as the customer segments and help us accelerate in these segments.
So talking about financials today, we cover financials of private companies
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
9

in over 20 countries globally.
The number of detailed financials on the platform have increased at a fairly
rapid pace. So last year in 2023, we had increased this number by 5x on the
platform. And you'd be very excited to hear that we have multiplied this
number even further.
So we have increased this by another 5x in the first nine months of the
current financial year 2024 itself, or it's nearly a 24x increase across the last
two years. As of October 24, we had over 1.5 million companies with
revenue data, 446,000 companies with detailed financials available on the
platform. So this is an increase of 3x from the previous quarter in terms of
the number of companies with detailed financials.
One thing which is obviously very interesting in this is that we've been able
to add datasets at a great pace without increasing the headcount much. So
this is a great testimony to the level of automation and intelligence that
we've been able to build as part of our infrastructure which enables us to
do that. Coming to cap tables, cap tables are requested by investors to see
detailed shareholding, valuation, latest as well as historical share price of
private companies.
Today we track cap tables of private companies in over 15 countries. End of
2023, we had 39,000 companies with cap tables and as of October 24, we
have over 300,000 companies with detailed shareholding available on the
platform. So this is a huge increase of over 7x during the current calendar
year.
With this, a lot of data actually got added in the last quarter which is Q2
FY25. We had also launched legal entities which is a newer database than
the other ones. This helps investors to screen through legal entities
registered in various countries for specific high growth metrics like revenue
threshold, growth rate, profitability, employee count etc.
So this data has also been increasing at a fairly amazing pace as you can see
from the numbers. At the end of 2023, this number was only 11 million. We
have increased this database to 61 million during the current calendar year.
Major countries by coverage include US, UK, Japan, India, Australia, Brazil
and more. So in the current quarter there was also a lot of focus on adding
more data points to the existing legal entities which enables us to increase
penetration in some of the new and existing customer segments. So we
have also started building deeper coverage of regulatory data on private
companies and legal entities.
So some of the data points that are live as well as in pipeline include loans
and charges data, legal case data, patent data, FDA approval data among
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
10

others. These are particularly important for existing as well as new use
cases like deeper due diligence, KYC etc and we believe adding these data
sets will help us increase penetration in existing as well as new customer
segments. Another set of initiatives underway are for improving paid
customer engagement as well as account expansion to enhance growth of
revenue from existing customers.
So a separate team had been set up to increase penetration of paid
licensing with existing accounts thereby moving from being reactive to
being more proactive upgrades. So one of the examples of initiatives under
account expansion is curbing login sharing within an account which is
working well. So we have also recently added other initiatives like city trips,
on-site onboarding sessions, on-ground activation etc.
We had also set up a separate team within our customer success team for
various engagement initiatives aimed at increasing user level as well as
account level engagement through initiatives like better platform education,
periodic touch points, hero features, personalization and more. Another
interesting growth initiative that we have talked about in the past is press
mentions. As we mentioned, whenever media talks about data on private
companies or startups or emerging technology sectors we want them to
quote data from Tracxn.
So we've been working on a lot of initiatives like launching reports with
media, data contributions etc which has given us a multiple increase in
press mentions across various respected media outlets. For instance last
quarter we were the knowledge partner at the ET startup awards which is a
very prominent private market event hosted by the economic times.
Advantage of press mention is that a lot of people discover our data for the
first time through media and then come to our website and generate a very
high intent lead.
Also we believe this goes a long way in building a brand as a data company
and also helps us in sales conversion and helps revenue growth. So we've
been an AI first company and AI and machine learning have been a core
part of our technology particularly in identifying and curating data about
private companies. So with the recent advancement in generative AI this
has also become a very key focus area for us.
This is across functions and across the entire leadership team. So there are
various projects which we are undertaking across departments for instance
for some of the projects we're also training the GenAI models with our
extensive internal data sets which is giving us even better and accurate
results. Some of the key use cases include augmenting data on private
companies
as
well
as
sector
classification,
boosting
analyst
productivity,optimizing this for both inbound sales filtering as well as
outbound reach out efforts. And we have many more initiatives in pipeline
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
11

based on this. So this is a very key focus area that we are very excited
about.
In the subsequent slides, I'll cover some of the other KPIs for the business.
In the first slides, we cover the number of customer accounts, number of
user accounts. So we close September 24 at 1,515 accounts and 4,121
users, which is a 20% growth on a year on year basis for both the metrics.
So you'll be glad to hear that Q2 FY25 was the highest net addition in terms
of number of accounts and the second highest in terms of number of users.
In terms of some of the other KPIs, contract price or invoicing amount for
H1 FY25 was 43.6 crores. The last graph talks about the number of entities
profile, which is a proxy to the amount of data being added to the platform.
So today we track more than 3.7 million profiles, including private
companies, funds, etc. globally. In terms of some of the other metrics, 62%
of our revenue for H1 FY25 was from outside India.
These customers span over 50 countries. Top 5 countries within this show a
similar spread to where you have large corporates as well as large private
market investors. So the top 5 countries for us by number of customer
accounts are India, US, Singapore, UK and Germany.
Also, we serve a very rich and diverse customer segment as we mentioned
before. So within investment industry, this includes venture capital funds,
private equity funds, investment banks. In the corporate, it includes teams,
innovation teams, and others like government agencies, universities.
So this is a very large accessible market that we continue to be excited
about. The subsequent slide covers some of the other business metrics. So
I'll keep going over these slides.
But please feel free to check these out offline. Subsequently, we've also
added some slides on the detailed financials that you can also go through.
So that's all I wanted to share, passing it back to Devanshi for any Q&A that
the group might have.
Moderator:
Yeah, so we'll wait for two minutes for the question queue to line up. You
can raise your hand and ask the question. Okay, so the first question is from
Mr. Rohit. We've unmuted you, you can ask a question.
Rohit Balakrishnan: Hello. Yeah, hi.
Moderator:
Yeah, go ahead.
Rohit Balakrishnan: Thanks Neha for the presentation. So just a few questions. So you talked
about the strong addition in customers in this quarter.
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
12

And however, the deferred revenue growth is still sort of muted to that
compared to that. So I mean, how does this typically work for you? I mean,
is there a lag from the day you buy a customer to the day you start invoicing
them?
Is it based on their usage, etc? If you can just talk a bit about that.
Neha Singh:
Right. Yeah, thanks. So just to add in terms of deferred revenue, so we do
prepaid billing and collections.
What that means is that whenever you have a contract period starting with
the customer, we actually do invoicing upfront and do cash collection also
upfront. The typical contract period is either annually, so about 65% is
annual upfront paid and the remaining is typically quarterly upfront paid. So
this has been, so all the revenues basically, so it's prepaid billing, so that
continues to be the same.
Coming to the second part of that, which is the deferred revenue and the
trend in that and how do we sort of correlate that. So if you look at our
revenue, bulk of the revenue still is from the existing customers. Right.
And so there's obviously a lot of volume of admission of the new
customers, but a lot of the billing also happens of the existing customers.
And in there, there is some, you know, some sort of historic, if you look at
it, some trends in terms of the way the contracts, you know, have been
there. Right.
So even if you look at last to last year, Q2 was slightly slower in terms of the
contract value or the invoiced amount for the customers. Right. So, you
know, there's some seasonality, it is there and H2 typically is better in terms
of the billing that is there.
Right. So I think this deferred revenue is slightly reflected as a function of,
you know, also the bidding that would have happened in the existing
customers. So, but that's it.
But, you know, in terms of the new customer acquisition, that continues to
be, you know, at a very good momentum that we have, you know, sort of
seen across the last three quarters. So that sort of continues.
Rohit Balakrishnan: Sorry, I, sorry. Okay. So maybe I have not followed you enough to
understand this part, but so these, so all these are paying customers, right?
These 1500 that you have as on, these are all paying customers, right?
Neha Singh:
All are paying customers. Yes.
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
13

Rohit Balakrishnan: Got it. So when you said, so legacy customers, so sorry, what's that? Right.
Neha Singh:
So whenever you see, if you talk about the 1500 or so customers are
typically, if you talk about the revenue in any year, typically 80 to maybe
slightly more than that percentage of the revenue is from the existing
customers, which we would have acquired in the previous financial years.
Right. And a part of it is from the customers that we acquired in the current
financial year.
So there's also a lot of customers that, so, so most of the billing is still from
the customers that we have carried forward from the previous year that
were acquired earlier. And there might be some sort of trend in terms of
the, how the contract value is, is there, or what is the time of the annual
renewal of these contracts?
Rohit Balakrishnan: Sure. So is it fair to say that your addition is sort of a lead indicator to your
growth in revenue?
Neha Singh:
Of course, your volume growth is definitely a good leading indicator to, you
know, how the other things should follow because we closely track the
account growth closely across the teams.
Rohit Balakrishnan: Right. Got it. My second question was that you talked about a lot of new
initiatives in terms of whether it is verticalizing the teams or even like a lot
of the other things in terms of data acquisition, etc.
So from a cost point of view, I see that last three years, I mean, if I analyze
the first half, probably you will be around 80 crores this year. So we'll be
around 70 to 80 crores in terms of our cost. Do you see that substantially
going up or this is sort of the base now and whatever inflationary growth
will happen or a large part of the cost is still to happen as you keep on
expanding for growth?
Neha Singh:
Thanks a lot. And this is a very interesting question. So if you look at, you
know, the investments that we have, you know, we've been talking about
some of the initiatives, you know, from the last couple of quarters and sort
of investing a lot in these initiatives, right?
And if you look at the corresponding cost increase, so that has not been
huge, right? Because I think one of the reasons is that because a lot of these
initiatives does not involve spending on paid marketing, which can actually
become a very sizable component, right? So mainly, if you look at it, this is
across two buckets.
So one is the team cost, for instance, the vertical teams that we talked
about. So this, you know, comes under team cost, or it is very tech enabled,
right? So the, you know, the initiatives like at Tracxn Lite or increasing data
coverage, this is also tech enabled, right?
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
14

So there are two costs, essentially, that sort of claim for us to be able to,
you know, do a lot of these initiatives. So hence, you know, you see that the
increase in cost has only been linear, right? So though we've been investing
across a lot of these growth initiatives, the year on year cost has only
increased by 4%, right, taking into account all these initiatives, right?
And, you know, so like one interesting, you know, anecdote, like, which is
there. So even if you look at last three years, right, like, though our revenue
has nearly doubled, the headcount has only increased by 7%. Right, so
that's just a function of also the operating leverage of the business.
And coming to the second part of the question, which is going forward, how
do we see it? So even going forward, we don't anticipate much change, we
will continue to sort of say scale the sales team. So you will see, you know,
some increase that will happen, but that will only be linear.
And we anticipate that the cost increase should be ideally in single digit or
less than 10% is what we anticipate. So hopefully, that answers the
question.
Rohit Balakrishnan: Sure. Can I ask one more question?
Neha Singh:
Yeah, sure.
Rohit Balakrishnan: Okay, so in terms of the use cases that you are, that you have talked about,
whether it is export data or patent data, etc. So this, again, so two
questions, actually. So are you looking at newer products and selling them
as standalone for some of them, or they are like features within your overall
product?
That is one. And secondly, you have, I mean, is there any thought to sort of
extend this overall to towards public markets also, or just focusing on
private markets at this point of time?
Neha Singh:
Yeah. So just to talk about, you know, in terms of the other sets of data that
we talked about, so, obviously, there's a lot of initiatives, like even, you
know, in terms of the growth is also, so, like, the growth intiatives that we
talked about are working well. So that is something that we continue to sort
of double down on, right, and replicate that for other, like, across other
geographies as well.
In terms of, you know, just the coming to the new regulatory data set. So
this year, a lot of focus is also on getting new regulatory data sets on the
platform for private companies. And this is a function of two things.
So one is we have been hearing a lot from the customers, you know, what
else would they want. Are they willing to sort of, you know, pay money for
or are they already spending their money on? So this is some of the inputs
that we actually get from the customers itself, that, you know, these are the
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
15

additional data sets that they would love to probably see or they're already
spending money on.
So a lot of it is actually, you know, sourced from that. So it helps us do two
things. So one is basically, you know, within the existing customers only, it
probably helps us, you know, sort of, like, go more deeper, right.
And the second is that for some data sets, it will also open up newer
customer segments. So for instance, you know, the whole KYC is a use case
that opens up like that as a, you know, large segment for us, right. So, you
know, that's why we've been also investing a lot in increasing the regulatory
data in terms of how we plan to sell it.
So that will continue to be subscription only, because, you know, that's one
thing that has scaled very well across the financial data, even if you see, you
know, across different verticals. So we'll continue to offer this as primarily
subscription on the subscription platform, right for the existing as well as
some of the newer customer segments. So that's on the first part of the
question coming to the second part, which is, you know, do we plan to sort
of extend this to the public, to the public market investors as well.
So our assumption initially of coming in is basically, you know, the private
market, the data that the need is much more acute, because, you know, this
is the private market is probably, you know, like, maybe like two to three
decades behind the public markets in terms of having those data platforms.
So that is why and you know, it is now become a large AUM of more than $9
trillion. So that's the that's that continues to be like, you know, the one of
the key problems that we want to solve.
We do realize that there might be some data points that we are collating
that may also be relevant for public market investors, right about just, you
know, alternative data on these private companies on the public companies,
as well as some of the large private companies, which are also becoming
relevant when you are looking at public companies. So we do that do that.
And we might offer that, you know, as some of the modules, but our core
focus may be in terms of some of the segments which for which private
market data is a day to day job, right, which includes investors as well as
corporates or anyone who's, you know, like, you know, doing M&A or
investing or they are lending, right in this model.
So it will probably remain within. So hopefully, that answers the question,
right?
Rohit Balakrishnan: Yeah, fair enough. Thank you. I'll join back in the queue.
Thank you.
Moderator:
So next question is from Mr. Basant. I think you can unmute yourself and
ask the question.
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
16

Yeah, Mr. Basant, go ahead.
Basant Bansal:
Yeah. So when I see your result, for last two years, from September 22, I'm
seeing that your top line has been flattish. There is no significant increase
into that.And in the current quarter, also on year on year, you know, it is
muted only. On a half year basis also it is flattish. So how should one look at
the growth going forward in terms of the revenue?
Neha Singh:
Sure. Yeah, thanks for Mr. Basant. So just to answer that, see, you know, I
think one of the things that we have sort of mentioned about, like, if you
look at 2023, or the last few quarters, this has been one of the worst for the
private markets, right?
So this is, so if you look at all these stats across the private markets, right,
like last year was down 80% from the peak, right? And even today, it's down
more than 50% from the peak, right? And even in this market, the
interesting part about being a subscription data platform is that revenue
sort of continues to sort of hold up, right?
And increase, though not with this thing, but, you know, it sort of continues
to hold up and, you know, that does that. So, you know, and now the
market is sort of improving, I think we do see things sort of opening up,
right? And like last year, we also talked about some of the regions which
were particularly more impacted, like Europe, for instance, was more
impacted than some of the other regions, like India and US actually had
grown faster for us, but Europe was, you know, probably much slower,
right?
So this is also, you know, one of the reasons why you see some of the
quarters in between, wherein it was more sideways. But if you see more
recently, we've been actually seeing sort of increasing momentum, both in
terms of volume growth, volume growth probably happened slightly earlier.
And, you know, also now being followed by value growth.
So if you see more sequential last few quarters, you can actually see the
momentum sort of coming up. And hopefully, you know, this, with all the
growth initiatives that we also talk that we are working on and the other
things, you know, it should put us back to the historical sort of growth
trajectory.
Basant Bansal:
So going forward, we can look at, you know, decent growth in that top line.
Neha Singh:
Right, right. That's our anticipation.
Basant Bansal:
Now, one more thing, I think you were explaining that some of the
customers are, you know, paid customers who pay one year in advance. And
you so you book the, you know, entire amount as a revenue in that year, or
you book it proportionately?
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
17

Neha Singh:
I'll probably pass it on to Prashant to take this question.
Prashant Chandra: Sure. Good evening, Mr. Bansal. So yeah, so no, we do the billing in advance
for the entire year, but the revenue is recognized only for the proportion
that for the time that has already been, you know, services have been given.
So to answer your question, it's on a proportionate basis.
Basant Bansal:
Yeah. So for example, if somebody pays on 1st January, so you will book the
revenue for three months only, not for the full year.
Prashant Chandra: That's correct. For Q3, we will book only for the three months and what is
the deferred revenue I didn't get you? So, so basically, so let's say if we do a
contract of 1200 on 1st of January, so when Q3 we recognize the revenue,
so the 300, let's say 400 each month goes to the revenue, and the 900
which we have already billed for and most likely also collected the cash flow
is now sitting as a deferred revenue because that is something that we have
to still provide the service and earn as a revenue.
So it's a revenue which is like deferred for recognition.
Basant Bansal:
Okay, so you recognize that as a deferred revenue and then you also
recognize deferred tax on that?
Prashant Chandra: No, deferred tax is more on the timing difference with respect to, you know,
certain items we have like capex and all and also the deferred tax has been
recognized on the previous year's losses and like this, you know, we're
talking about earlier than FY23. So when the company whatever the losses
have been made, so those losses can be adjusted against the future profit
as per the Income Tax Act. So the deferred tax asset what you see is more
because of that.
Basant Bansal:
So now has it been fully, you know, disposed it off or still some portion is
left which may come in subsequent quarters?
Prashant Chandra: You mean to say the deferred tax?
Basant Bansal:
Yeah
Prashant Chandra: No, deferred taxes assets is more like a credit available to us. So as we are
generating profits now, so we are offsetting our tax liability against that
deferred tax. So we still have some some of it left on the balance sheet.
So we don't have to really pay the taxes on the income that we're
generating currently.
Moderator:
Okay, so the next question is from Mr. Aman Singh. Yeah, you can ask a
question.
Aman Singh:
Hi, am I audible?
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
18

Moderator:
Yeah, go ahead.
Aman Singh:
So I wanted to continue the question of the last participant about deferred
tax. So we have reversed deferred tax in this quarter to the tune of 6.9
crores. So I wanted to understand this.
So has the management in its plan or in its projections, moderated the
growth that the company is going to see in next few years due to which we
saw we think that the profitability would be less than that was cut off
before. So what was the exact reason for reassessment of the profits, which
has led to the reversal of deferred tax? If you can explain in detail.
Prashant Chandra: Sure, yeah, I'll take that. So good evening, Aman. So on the deferred tax or
the DTA reversal, so this is due to the periodic accounting procedures.
So like I mentioned earlier, deferred tax is an accounting provision of tax
period against previous year's losses, which we set up our profit against. So
we first recognized the DTA in FY23 and as per accounting guidelines, this
provision
needs
to
be
periodically
devaluated
and adjusted. And
considering the fact that we are yet to see the growth reach the same level
as in FY23, DTA provision has been adjusted.
So if you see while the volume growth is really encouraging, but as a CFO
also have to make a pragmatic call and making sure that it's got sort of just
like reflecting also the current scenario, which has been like for the hedge
fund.
Neha Singh:
I'll probably just add, I think this is more formula driven and this is more
accounting and this does not sort of, you know, this is more sort of formula
driven, I would say that we basically take this into sort of account and this
comes into this. You can still end up taking more of the deferred, eating
more of the deferred tax asset, you know, across the subsequent years.
Neha Singh:
Thanks Prashant.
Prashant Chandra: Did that answer your question Aman?
I think you are on mute.
Aman Singh:
Sorry, no. So I have a follow up on this.
So two things. Firstly, in the deferred tax, do we have some deferred, do we
have some unabsorbed depreciation part also? Or is it only loss?
This is first part. And second, so we have moderated the management
expectation of growth in future years. This is what you are saying, right?
Prashant Chandra: No, so basically the way we, I mean, so okay, to answer your first question,
so all the unabsorbed depreciation has already been, you know, set off
again. So this is purely the business losses we are talking about. And
second, on the growth projections, so there's not much change, but
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
19

considering that half of FY25 has already done.
So according to that, we have sort of, you know, readjusted that projections.
Aman Singh:
And for how many years we are allowed to carry forward this loss?
Prashant Chandra: So they have like, because they are from different periods, you know, they
have a different year of expiry, but typically it's like eight years from the
time of the loss has been incurred.
Aman Singh:
That is what I'm trying to ask. When do this expires from current time
period? For which year do they persist?
Prashant Chandra: So I think I'm like, you know, a little bit of it may expire in FY25 and then
subsequently in FY26. And then after that, we would.
Aman Singh:
So the reversal that we have done is for the losses that are going to expire
in FY25, right?
Prashant Chandra: May, I would say may expire because in case of the growth rate picks up.
Aman Singh:
Got it.
Thank you so much. Thank you.
Moderator:
So the next question is from Mr. Nikhil Chandak. Yeah, you can ask a
question.
Nikhil Chandak:
Yeah. Hi, Neha and Abhishek. So good to know about the signs of growth
coming back.
But Neha, if I were to ask, you know, say the rough cut 100 crore annual run
rate and revenue ballpark is, where can this be in the next two, three years?
You know, with all the initiatives you're taking, some kind of growth
bottoming out and the customer additions, which will result in better
revenues, as you said, because frankly, what's been happening is and some
of the other earlier participants also spoke about that the revenue has been
so flat that it's been very difficult to kind of, you know, figure out how the
growth really pans out. And for a company of your size, the growth
parameter frankly becomes the most important, you know, thing for an
investor.
So where do you think this 100 crore revenue, if you have to hazard a guess,
goes say next three years from here?
Neha Singh:
Sure. Thanks a lot, Nikhil. For that question, if you see historically, you
know, for our business in a good year, we have grown at 44%, right?
And it's not like just two, three years back, so it was not very far off. And
even if you look at our historical trajectory, that's close to 30% CAGR, which
we have grown at, right? And, you know, like last year, as I mentioned, this
was like a one of the lowest year across the last decade of private markets,
right?
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
20

And despite this, you know, we continue to sort of, we it's not that we
de-grew, we continue to grow at obviously much smaller pace. And that's
why you saw some quarters when it was probably, you know, lesser growth,
you know, than what we would have wanted. Going forward, you know, I
think we should, like what we are sort of aspiring for and based on all the
data that we are actually seeing, and, you know, the very encouraging signs
that we are seeing from the initial quarters is that we should be back to the
sort of historical trajectory of growth rate is what we are aspiring for, right?
And, you know, if you're able to do that, and if you're able to, and, you
know, as we, and also cost side, you know, like I think there have been sort
of no surprises, despite us aggressively investing a lot in the initiatives,
investing a lot in data production, etc. You know, the cost, for instance, in
the last quarter grew at a single digit percentage at 4%, right? Historically, it
has also grown at like a single digit percentage, right?
So if you're able to do both of these, then we should see a very healthy
increase in terms of the bottom line in the next, you know, one to two years
that we will be like very excited about. Hopefully, that answers the
question, Nikhil.
Nikhil Chandak:
Yeah, so to clarify, when you say historical growth rate, so say for the next
two, three years, could we see something like a 25-30% kind of revenue cap
as you were saying?
Neha Singh:
Right, so even if you see the current, you know, like a quarterly run rate,
which is about 4% of what we have reached, you know, if you're able to
sustain this, you know, we're talking about like a 16% growth rate, bigger,
right? And hopefully, we should, you know, make that better, which you can
also see a little bit in the volume growth, right? Like we've been able to sort
of improve it on a QoQ basis.
So, you know, so I think that actually puts up in that trajectory back.
Nikhil Chandak:
Understood. And the other question, Neha, I had is that, you know,
between say India and rest of the world, you know, would it be fair to say
that the rest of the world is growing faster for you in terms of number of
accounts than India? And any, you know, commentary on the competition
out there, like, I'm sure Tracxn will be as a platform more reasonable
compared to some of the global platforms, which book and so on so forth.
But is there a pricing pressure still, which you see from the end customers
as in resistance to kind of be, you know, more than what you would say, on
an average expect in India?
Neha Singh:
Sure. Yeah. So just to, you know, answer that in two parts.
So one is basically your, you know, India growth and the rest of the world
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
21

and how that pans out. So for us, actually, both the segments have been
growing at a fairly good pace. There were some impacts, you know, for
instance, you know, Europe was probably impacted last year, which is now
much better.
But apart from that, you know, India continues to be to grow for us as you
know, sort of international India instantly be going faster, because of a
couple of reasons. So one is obviously, you know, all the other macro factors
also in India is sort of lining up. So, you know, that is one healthy trend that
we see among the customers.
The second thing is that a lot of the initiatives that we that we launch, for
instance, the vertical teams, we actually test it out initially in India, before
we scale it to other geographies, right. So you saw a lot of the vertical
teams initially starting with taking into account the Indian customer
segments and then scaling to other geographies, right. Also, some of the
other trips, you know, initiatives that we talked about, like, you know, your
city trips, which is doing on site, on-boarding, etc., for account expansion,
we start that initially in India and then scale to other geographies, right? So,
you saw, you know, India actually growing faster for us as compared to
some of the other geographies, but, you know, right now we are sort of
seeing account growth in, you know, across all, right?
So, that is on the first part. The second part is, you know, on the pricing
pressure or the competition, you know, that is there. So, just to answer
that, you know, if you look at across maybe the last few quarters, there was
a little bit of pricing pressure, which is there in some of the corporate
segment, especially, right?
So, this is also something that you might have seen in other sort of SaaS
platforms that some of the corporates were, you know, sort of, you know,
asking for, you know, some sort of pricing relaxation that is happening,
because if you see, you know, in general, the corporate segments, and this
is particularly more in the corporate segment. And in some of the annual
cycles that we saw, we saw some sort of pressure in terms of, you know,
passing some discount, which is there for some of the customers. Having
said that, I think we have passed most of the annual cycles.
Now, it has been, you know, a few quarters. So, most of the customers have
had, you know, one or two annual cycles. And going forward, we see lesser
of impact, you know, through this happening.
So, I would say that, you know, I think probably maybe two quarters back,
you would have or three quarters back, you would be having, I would be
talking about like a little bit of pricing pressure that we've seen from the
corporate, but I think it's becoming increasingly lesser, you know, today,
than it was earlier.
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
22

Nikhil Chandak:
How much would be the price difference between Tracxn and say some
other competing platform? I don't know, which is the best competitor, like,
say, Facebook, or, you know, would it be like 30-40%?
Neha Singh:
Right. So, if you look at in terms of competition, there are a few products,
which are probably at a lower price point. And we are probably, you know,
10 times or 1/10th of our pricing, not in the comparable zone.
I think in the mid price point, you have a few platforms. I think typically, it
varies between, you know, our is around, say, $2,500 or $3,000 per user
realized pricing per account. I think platforms vary between, you know,
$3,000 to say $5,000 in terms of realized pricing per user per account.
But that has been sort of the range.
Nikhil Chandak:
Range. Understood. Perfect.
And then the last one, Neha, was, you know, I ask you this question every
time, but again, any emerging threats from, say, AI, for example, which can
kind of, you know, hurt, say, customers paying for the platform?
Neha Singh:
Right. No, so this is a great enabler, I would say, for us. And that is why we,
you know, we now, this is like a key focus across the whole leadership,
right?
Like we actually have sort of a bi-weekly meeting and all the initiatives
which are undergoing, which we are taking through AI, which is for both
data production, you know, these are across departments. And that is why
you see a lot of efficiency, which is there and a lot of, you know, increasing
throughput, which is there across your units to give you a small, you know,
like, like I mentioned, like in the last three years, our revenue has nearly
doubled, but the headcount is only increased by 7%, right? So that is why
the data would have increased by like, you know, maybe like 100 times.
So that is only possible because you do invest a lot in technology. And I
think our investment, you know, we are a sort of a tech first company, much
more than, you know, most of the other data platforms which are out there.
So that is there.
And, you know, we see, I think that is one of the reasons that we are able to
build a global platform, right? Like sitting out of India, we have data on
private companies in more than 50 countries, customers in more than 50
countries, that is possible only because, you know, we are aggressive, you
know, we are, we are sort of a very tech first company, right? So we see this
as a great enabler for us to be able to sort of build a global data platform,
you know, sitting out of having the whole team, you know, out of India, and
being able to do all that, right?
And we don't think, you know, I think this is a, we don't see this as a
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
23

headlight, like if you compare it to a parallel public markets, right? Public
market, the data is actually available in a much more standardized manner,
then very unstructured, which is there in the private markets, right? And
technically, all the funds can actually, you know, you know, have their own
elements and probably extract data.
But I think it's still probably quite a few years ahead that, you know, people
will stop using like a terminal and just switch to their in-house, you know,
data plans, right? Because there's also value in having, you know, that
enterprise grade data, because you're working with an asset class, which is
actually taking, which is, you know, one of the most highly paid
professionals. So, you know, I think going from that 90% to 100%, and how
do you make them effective, right?
So there's a lot of value in that. So I think whenever the public market funds
start using it, probably it will happen to private markets after a decade.
Nikhil Chandak:
Understood. And then that just leads to my last thing is that, any thoughts
on the public side? I know, you've been always saying that private itself has
a lot of scope, so we don't need to do public markets, but any change in
view on that?
Neha Singh:
Right. So I think, you know, in that sense, there are a lot of segments that
we are working on using the private market data that we are sort of
aggressively going behind, right? So in addition to being the private market
investors, venture capital funds, private equity funds, etc.
Corporate is sort of, you know, another area that we are going more, they're
tapping into multiple segments. For instance, we are also getting a lot of
data points, which is catering to lending, you know, debt as a segment. So
anyone, any bank, for instance, who wants to give a loan to a company has
to actually see quite a few parameters about the company before lending it,
right?
And that's another last segment, which we currently don't have any
footprint in, right? And that can be a sizable segment, because they use a
lot of these, you know, data about companies through various sources that
they have to verify before being able to do that. And that's a global, that's
not just, you know, one country specific, that's actually, you know, being
done across the different countries, right?
So this is, for instance, a large market, which is there. The second last
market is like, you know, sales as a market. So, you know, whenever, you
know, sales is obviously a very, you know, in focus segment for a lot of these
corporates.
And whenever we are working with large companies who are, who want to
cater to the private markets, right? Like we actually have a good set of data
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
24

to be able to do that. So this is another segment that we are actually going
more deeper into.
The third thing, to give an example, you know, like your limited partner
data. So for today, any fund wants to raise fund, this is an additional budget
that they have to actually spend on, right? Which is finding out who are the
limited partners that they can actually reach out to raise their fund, because
we don't have that data.
And now we are in the process of building a very good data for that, that
will allow the funds to be able to do that, right? So I think there are a lot of
these other very adjacent segments using this data that we have, using the
private market data that we are actually going much more deeper into. So I
think public markets, you know, I think we'll have some data which is
required for the public markets, but I think for us, we also give a lot of value
that, you know, we become sort of a platform for their workflow, in which
case, you know, the revenue potential of that segment turns out to be much
more for us.
So that's why we have prioritized these segments that we mentioned about
previously.
Nikhil Chandak:
Understood. Perfect. Great.
Great. Thank you so much. All the best.
Neha Singh:
Thanks a lot
Moderator:
Thank you. So the next question is from Mr. Varij Bangur. You can ask a
question.
Varij Bangur:
Yeah, so thanks for the opportunity. So on the Tracxn Lite side, there are
21,000 monthly active users, right? How do we see the journey of these
users?
Like, can they really convert to let's say a paid Tracxn customer over the
next three, four years? We have started this product, I think, from the last
year itself. So this has been in existence for the past nine to 12 months.
Is there some conversion? Because this number is fairly large. And what is
the profiling?
I mean, who are these users which are like, what is the profiling of these
users? If you can throw some light on that.
Neha Singh:
Yeah, thanks a lot for that question. So yes, Tracxn Lite is an initiative that
we are very excited about. Just to give a context of why we launched this in
the first place is historically, we have acquired about nearly 4 lakh users
across all the platform.
And whenever we acquire a user, currently, there is no way for them to
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
25

continue to see all the things that are happening on the platform, right?
They would typically be given a few days trial by the sales team. And after
that, there's no way for them to continue to see what is getting added to
the platform, right?
So that's why we launched Tracxn Lite for more product-led growth. And
this was actually this year itself. So this is only about nine months old,
wherein the users have actually an opportunity to keep seeing the platform,
to keep seeing a limited view of the platform so that they are actually able
to see the data that is there.
And this actually gives us a very good funnel of users who are already sort
of, you know, who have seen it, and then, you know, take a trial or, you
know, ask for updates, right? So, and even the numbers that you saw are
actually very good numbers, right? Like we were able to have more than
65,000 users signed up organically throughout the, you know, across the
platform.
Currently, if you look at the monthly active, it's more than 20,000. So that's
like a large set that we're talking about, right? This has, you know, the
relevance set only like, you know, anyone who is sort of looking at this data
would actually be sort of active in that sense.
So it's sort of a fairly relevant in that sense. Coming to the metrices, I think,
you know, we'll probably share more metrices as we have. But the idea is
that we do see this as becoming a very large acquisition funnel.
And typically, what happens is that, you know, someone keeps seeing a
platform a few months, and after a few quarters, we actually see a good,
you know, funnel through that, right? Anecdotally, we have already been,
you know, hearing from the sales team that, you know, the customers that
they signed up, they initially said that, you know, they've seen Lite, and then
they came for a demo, right? So this is something that we are already
anecdotally seeing.
But we do believe that this will actually, you know, show a lot of good
results in the, for us to be able to accelerate the customer acquisition in the
quarters to come.
Varij Bangur:
Okay. And in your response, you said that, historically, you have added 4
lakh users. I mean, what is that number?
Neha Singh:
Historically, anyone who has come to the platform, or we have reached out
or, you know, have had any sort of interaction across all the properties that
we had. So this is the, you know, this is the sort of large universe that we
would have sort of touched.
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
26

Varij Bangur:
These are unique users you're talking about. Yes, unique. And a follow up
on the previous participant question, I think someone was asking about a
100 crore revenue runway, when you would be able to reach?
So earlier, I think our price per customer account was in the range of six to
six and a half lakhs. Currently, if you see, I mean, even if there is some lead
or lag, the price per customer account has reduced. Is my understanding
correct?
Neha Singh:
Right. So I just currently it's about 5.9, right, like per user per account per
year. If you see historically, it has been in a similar range.
So even if you look at, you know, three years back, FY21, our, you know,
ASPwas 5.8 lakh, then it increased to 6.5 lakh, right? Last year, it was 6.5
lakh. Right.
So it has been fairly range bound, I would say, in that sense, from like, you
know, five and a half to six and a half lakh for the last three to four years. So
yes, there's a little bit of decrease, which is there if you compare it to last
year, you know, last financial year, if you compare it back to now, there's a
little bit of decrease. That's primarily because of the fast pace of addition of
the new accounts.
Right. So if you look at it, we have added nearly 300 accounts on a base of
1200, you know, across the last three quarters, which is nearly 25% increase
in terms of the number of accounts getting added in the last three quarters,
right. And, you know, as we mentioned before, a lot of the new users that
come in, they actually start small, right?
So they typically start small, and then we are able to sort of upgrade them
over time. So our average user per account, we have average number of
three users per account, but the most of the new accounts that we acquire
actually start small. So that's actually also whenever you have like this fast
pace of addition of new accounts, you know, there, you can actually see
some, you know, the realized present to be going slightly lower.
But for us, we actually, you know, sort of viewed in a very positive light,
because this actually gives us a good set of accounts to go behind that we
can expand, you know, going forward.
Varij Bangur:
Just a last question on a view, let's say, from a four to five years view, where
do you see your number of customers account maturing? I mean, globally,
do you see that if you reach, let's say, eight to 9000 customers account in
let's say, five years or six years, then you will see that we have covered the
time. I mean, sitting today, how do you see about the target addressable
market that you can cover in the next four to six years?
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
27

Neha Singh:
Sure. So without, you know, because we don't sort of give obviously
projections, but just to, you know, take that. So time is obviously really
large, right?
Like we have mentioned about that we are currently single digit percentage
of the total addressable market. And even if we grow to five times the
current size, we're still talking about like a nearly a single digit to 10 digit
mobile market. And we believe that, you know, the time is fairly large in
terms of the private market data.
And, you know, I think, currently, it is more about for us to, you know, like
reach out to more number of users, more number of accounts and get
ourselves, you know, educate more number of sort of accounts or the
offering, which is what we are sort of aggressively working on. So that's why
you see, you know, in our 10 year old journey, obviously, the first, you know,
six to seven years were disproportionately spent in building the data
platform infrastructure, you know, the offering. And in the recent, you
know, one or two years, you see us investing more across the various
growth initiatives, right?
So that's your natural sort of journey, which is the market, we believe that's
very large, right? So just to give a perspective, right, like if you look at public
markets today, for any limited partner, right, like if they allocate between,
you know, 75 to 80% of their AUM to equities, they are allocating anywhere
between 10 to 15% of their AUM to private markets, right? So essentially,
your private market data platforms can become one 10th of the size of your
public market platforms.
And there are multiple billion dollar revenue companies in the public
market space, right. And so we believe that even in the private market
space, there'll be companies getting created off half a billion dollar revenue
of a billion dollar revenue in the years to come. And that is a space that we
are actually playing in.
And that's why we are sort of fairly excited about it. We think that we are
among the top few players globally and have a good shot at creating a large
company within this asset class.
Varij Bangur:
Thank you so much.
Moderator:
Yeah, so the next question we have is from Mr. Riddhish. Yeah, you can ask
your question.
Riddhish Broker:
Yeah. Hello. Am I audible?
Hello.
Moderator:
Yeah, you're audible. Go on.
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
28

Riddhish Broker:
Yeah. Hi, Neha. Thank you for the opportunity.
So Neha, I have two questions. And the second one is obviously related to
the first one. So I'm sure you will be doing the traffic analysis of the
website.
So I just wanted to understand what percentage of your unique visitors in a
month would be coming from the US?
Neha Singh:
Okay, I'll take that. Yeah. So we, so I think in terms of the, just to answer
that, the traffic is a function of the data that we have, right.
And you can actually, so the data is, so the data that we have on the public
pages is essentially of companies, of sectors, right. And if you look at our
spread of companies, so today we have about 3.7 million entities that we
track on the platform. North America is actually the largest, and within that
US is the largest country, right, because it's just a function of how many
companies are getting created in that geography, right.
So our coverage is actually based on the amount of interesting companies
who are there in that geography. And that's how we sort of build the
coverages, right. So that's a function of how many public pages that we
would have, which are focused towards that geography.
And the traffic would be sort of related to, you know, the kind of data that is
there, because if someone is coming for a company in that geography,
they're typically based out of that geography, right. So that is why you
probably have traffic to be some correlation of the kind of data that we
have on the platform, which, for instance, you know, North America is one
of the largest.
Abhishek Goyal:
Okay, US is large, UK is large, Canada, Singapore is among some of our
larger geographies. India is obviously very large because we have a lot of
high quality data here. But outside India, US, UK, Canada, Singapore,
Australia, Philippines, you have a wide set of traffic sources.
Riddhish Broker:
Okay, so why I'm asking this question is that I agree that the private equity
market has not been great in the last two years. But the accounts or the
number of accounts which you have, like your closest competitor, if I'm not
wrong, is PitchBook, right? And the total number of accounts that you have
would be around one tenth of what PitchBook has.
So there is a huge opportunity size, which is there. Even if those accounts
don't switch to you, there could be an additional software which those
clients could be using, which could be Tracxn. So what is that additional
feature?
Or what is that reason for that client to switch to Tracxn or use Tracxn as an
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
29

additional feature? So is it the quality of data? Or is it some additional
feature which we are providing, which a PitchBook is not providing?
Can you give me some answer to them?
Neha Singh:
Sure,
Abhishek Goyal:
Sure. So I think there are two things. One is on the data front, we feel that
we are reasonably close to the market offering.
There are always gaps that you discover, and then you fill them up. But we
are largely there. On the distribution side, we need to do a lot more work.
I think we have not done as much work on distribution side in North
America so far. And in coming years, we'll end up spending a lot more
energy there. As we are scaling our vertical teams, we'll create vertical
teams around those geographies as well.
So we should see a good ramp up once those teams start to reach a
maturity stage.
Riddhish Broker:
Okay. So in terms of some features, you are saying there's not much
differentiation, right? Like how you have live deals on your portal.
So there is nothing unique in terms of features is what I want to
understand.
Abhishek Goyal:
So we do have a few unique things that we only provide. So for example, we
have a sector level classification on companies, which allows us to give like
human curated competitor list, which is very unique to us. Nobody else in
the market provides that.
So we have similarly built a lot of features which are unique to us and which
we feel that can give us long term advantage once we build distribution in
these geographies at a much leaper scale.
Riddhish Broker:
Okay. Thanks so much.
Moderator:
Thank you so much. In the interest of time, I think we will have to close this
call now. In case you have any further questions, you can reach out to the
management at investor.relations@tracxn.com.
I will now pass it on to Mr. Abhishek and Ms. Neha to give their closing
remarks.
Neha Singh:
Yeah, thanks a lot, Devanshi. And thanks everyone for joining us today. I
hope you got a good understanding for recent business update and we've
been able to address some of your queries.
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
30

As Devanshi mentioned, in case you have any follow up queries, please feel
free to reach out to any of us at neha@tracxn.com or you can reach out to
Abhishek
and
Prashant
or
you
can
write
to
our
team
at
investor.relations@tracxn.com. Thanks again and have a good rest of the
day.
Prashant Chandra: Thank you.
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove and / or correct any grammatical inaccuracies and inconsistencies in language
that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking.
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript
31
