  
 
                                                                                             
November 11, 2024 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400001 
Scrip Code : 507205 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400 051. 
Symbol : TI 
 
 
Sub: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of earnings conference call held for Q2 FY25 results 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to our letter dated October 29, 2024 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call with analysts and investors held on 
Tuesday, November 05, 2024 to discuss the Q2 FY25 results.  
 
The same is available on the website of the Company at www.tilind.com.  
 
Kindly take the above on record and acknowledge receipt. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Tilaknagar Industries Ltd. 
 
 
Minuzeer Bamboat 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
MINUZEER YAZDI 
BAMBOAT
Digitally signed by 
MINUZEER YAZDI BAMBOAT 
Date: 2024.11.11 16:54:57 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
Tilaknagar Industries Limited 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 05, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Tilaknagar Industries 
Limited's Earnings Conference Call. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India. Thank 
you and over to you. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you, Yashashree. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us on 
Tilaknagar Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call. We are joined 
today by Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Amit Dahanukar; President, 
Strategy and Corporate Development, Ameya Deshpande and Chief Financial 
Officer of the Company, Mr. Abhinav Gupta. 
 
We shall commence with views from Mr. Dahanukar on the strategic performance 
and Mr. Deshpande on the financial highlights, which shall be followed by an 
Interactive Question-and-Answer session. Before we begin, I would like to state that 
certain statements made on today's call could be forward-looking in nature and a 
disclaimer to this effect has been included in the results presentation that was 
shared with you earlier and which is also available on the stock exchange websites. 
 
I would now like to request Mr. Dahanukar to make his opening comments. Over to 
you, Mr. Dahanukar. 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Thank you and good morning to all. 
 
At the outset, I am pleased to share that as of September 2024, we have turned net 
debt free well before our stated target of March 2025. We have come a long way 
from a peak debt of over Rs.1,100 crore as of March 2019 to today. All this would 
have not been possible without our focus around profitable growth and cash flow 
management. With a clear direction of gaining market share in a large IMFL 
category like brandy, we were able to grow faster than industry, having 
outperformed industry growth in FY23 and FY24. 
 
While our growth momentum in the first half of FY25 has been relatively muted, it 
is still in line with overall industry growth. Given the high saliency of our business 
from Southern India, the industry-wide issues of higher consumer prices in 
Karnataka, elongated receivable cycles in Telangana and route to market 
transitioning in Andhra Pradesh, all had an impact on our growth trajectory. Despite 
all this, we have managed to expand our market share in the prestige and above 
segment in each of our key southern states. Q2 saw us continue to be the third 
largest P&A player across IMFL categories in large states like Karnataka and 
Telangana. We also continue to be the largest IMFL player in Puducherry.  

 
Page 2 of 17 
 
With Karnataka reducing excise duties, we have started seeing a good uptick in 
volumes in the state. I am happy to share that the month of September saw us 
clocking our highest ever primary and secondary volumes in the state, and even 
happier to share that October beat this mark comfortably as well. 
 
We have now started receiving old dues from Telangana and expect the balance 
overdue amounts to be settled over the course of the next few months. 
 
Most recently, the new RTM in Andhra Pradesh kicked in from mid-October. With 
retail now becoming private, the IMFL industry in the state is expected to become 
a consumer-driven market and will be highly beneficial for an already existing 
market leading player like TI, who has fast moving brands like Mansion House 
Brandy and Courrier Napoleon Brandy, which have a tremendous consumer 
franchise and brand equity in the market. The fact that AP has a significant brandy 
drinking population makes the opportunity even more appealing.  
 
With these recent developments, we are now targeting mid-teen volume growth in 
H2 FY25. 
 
On the portfolio front, Flandy continues to grow, providing brandy an exciting 
canvas to position itself as a drink for multiple occasions as well as varied consumer 
demographics. The P&A saliency within the CNB family portfolio continues to grow, 
coming in at 38% in Q2 vs. 32% in Q2 last year and 33% in Q1 FY25. Mansion 
House Brandy continues to drive brandy industry growth. We expect our price 
laddering strategy for brandy to drive positive results in times to come. 
 
On our non-Brandy strategy, we recently launched Mansion House Whisky in 
Assam. The brand is positioned in the semi-premium segment, which is one of the 
fastest growing, profitable segments in the whisky category. We are looking at using 
our distribution strength in our existing whisky-large states over the months to 
come. Once we have a fair visibility on the progress made by the brand, we will look 
to further expand into regions where we are not yet present.  
 
Our luxury foray is now only a few weeks away with our own luxury brandy to be 
launched in Q3 FY25. In addition, we have also recently entered into a Usership 
Agreement with Spaceman Spirits Lab, our investee company and the makers of 
Samsara Gin and Sitara Rum. Through the usership agreement, we will start selling 
both these brands in certain states in India and internationally. This will be followed 
by a few more launches soon. 
 
Before I hand it over to Ameya, I would also like to elaborate on the easing of the 
cost pressures on the raw material and packing material side. While the last couple 
of years were tough for the industry, we saw our margins expand on the back of 
our premiumization drive. With inflationary pressures easing, especially on packing 
material side, and premiumization drive only gaining further pace, we expect to 
further expand our margins in the times to come. 
 
I now hand over to Ameya to take you through our Q2 operational and financial 
performance and we will be happy to take any questions in the Q&A to follow. 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Thank you, and a very warm welcome to all of you joining us today. I'll take you 
through our financial and operating highlights for Q2 FY25. 
 
As mentioned by Mr. Dahanukar earlier, our volume and revenue growth for Q2 
was slightly muted due to evolving policies in key states. However, we achieved 

 
Page 3 of 17 
substantial margin expansion and remain optimistic about a mid-teen volume 
growth in the second half of this year. 
 
For Q2 FY25, our revenue growth stood at 5.8% YoY to Rs. 375 crore, with 
underlying volume growth at 3.1%. Revenue for the first half increased by 4.5% to 
Rs. 688 crore. The NSR per case was at Rs. 1,274 in the 2nd Quarter, while the 
1st Quarter NSR stood at Rs. 1,264 per case. 
 
Q2 also saw us delivering our highest ever EBITDA; EBITDA for the quarter showed 
significant growth of 39% YoY to Rs. 66 crore on the back of superior brand mix 
and ongoing cost optimization efforts. EBITDA margins expanded by 422 basis 
points to 17.6%, and adjusted for the subsidy income, EBITDA stood at Rs. 56 crore 
at a margin of 15.3%, showing a 188-basis points margin expansion on adjusted 
EBITDA. For H1 FY25, EBITDA reached Rs. 116 crore with margins at 16.9%, 
marking an expansion of 385 basis points.  
 
Similarly PAT increased by 82% to Rs. 58 crore, up from Rs. 32 crore in Q2 of last 
year. For the first half, PAT grows to Rs. 98 crore which saw a 70% increase from 
Rs. 58 crore in the same period last year. 
 
While packing material costs have seen some level of softening, we continue to be 
cautious about ENA prices. We expect that there will be no meaningful inflationary 
impact on COGS in the near-term. We are optimistic about continued margin growth 
even as we sustain investments in advertising and sales promotion to enhance the 
visibility of our brandy portfolio. 
 
On the debt front, I am particularly pleased to share that we have now turned net 
debt free as of September 2024, an achievement reached ahead of our targets. 
Through disciplined financial management, we have effectively reduced interest 
expenses and strengthened our balance sheet, establishing a solid foundation for 
sustainable growth. 
 
On the strategic investment side, we have announced a follow-on investment in 
Spaceman Spirits Lab, the makers of Samsara Gin and Sitara Rum, which will see 
our shareholding go up to 20% on a fully diluted basis. We will be investing Rs. 
13.15 crore in three tranches over a period of 18 months, with the first tranche of 
Rs. 4 crore invested in September 2024. The remaining two tranches are expected 
to be invested by mid FY26 and end FY26. As mentioned by Mr. Dahanukar earlier, 
we have also entered into a Usership Agreement with Spaceman, whereby we will 
start selling their brands in select regions in India and internationally. We expect to 
start this business in the second half of this financial year. 
 
We also made an investment of Rs. 8 crore in the Round the Cocktails Private 
Limited, the makers of Bartisans, a ‘ready to pour’ premium cocktail mixer brand. 
Given the high brand recall for its products, premium price point, strong unit 
economics and our own vision to make brandy fun and exciting, we see Bartisans 
as a great avenue to play the cocktail culture emergence story in India's AlcoBev 
evolution. Post this investment we own 36.2% of RTC on a fully diluted basis. 
 
Before we open the line for Q&A, we would like to reiterate that profitable growth 
and cash flow management remain our focus, and we are highly confident in the 
future growth potential of the Indian AlcoBev sector, and we see us play a leading 
role in this growth. 
 
With that, I would now request the moderator to open the call for Q&A. 

 
Page 4 of 17 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will take our first question 
from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My first question is on Telangana. What is the status on improvement in collection? 
We have seen that many states are offering a lot of freebies to the rural and the 
lower end of population. Given that revenue and cost, clearly there's a mismatch. 
How do you see in H2 in terms of collections for the industry and for you? And any 
insight on pricing in Telangana in the next one year would you expect the pricing in 
that market? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
We are at roughly 10 weeks overdue in Telangana, and in terms of pricing, I think 
they have set up a pricing committee to fix the price of beer. Once beer is done, 
then perhaps they will take up IMFL after that. 
Abneesh Roy: 
And this 10 weeks at peak, it was how much, and historically what was the low for 
the collection? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Historically, around 8 to 9 weeks would have been low and I think it has gone up to 
18 to 19 weeks. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Second question is in terms of the Andhra market. In the interview just a few 
minutes back, you did say that initially there could be some hiccups which we 
understand. My question is not at all on the next two quarters. My question is when 
stability comes say in the next 18 months or 24 months, in the peak, how much was 
Andhra market? And I am sure there will be some leakages even in the last five 
years, Indian state borders are extremely porous. If 100 was the peak in the last 
five years, how much was your presence in that market, and in 24 months? Would 
you expect the peak to come back in the Andhra market? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Andhra, see, the industry, at least in the recent couple of quarters, has seen a bit 
of a degrowth on account of the RTM changes and the policy changes that were 
expected. Now, going forward, obviously, given how the past industry worked, the 
previous two governments prior, we did have a private retail model back then as 
well. Basis that and given the kind of what do you say, the other state kind of data 
that we have, we do expect the volumes to grow pretty significantly in the state 
going forward. As we mentioned earlier, given the fact that we are a leading player 
in the state already with a fast moving brand or a portfolio of brands in the state, we 
do expect to take a larger share of this pie of growth going forward. 
Abneesh Roy: 
I wanted a more specific answer because the number one listed spirits company 
said that 4% - 5% of their India business used to come from Andhra, which became 
almost negligible. You are a south-focused player, and you did say that you already 
have some presence. In your case the Andhra business eventually how big will it 
be in terms of percentage of sales because you are anyways a south-focused 
player. 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Currently it is 30% of sales and totally Andhra I think mid-teens growth would be 
reasonable to expect. 
Abneesh Roy: 
But there is no negative impact you see, right, on Andhra because you already have 
a business there, is there some negative impact which can happen then bigger 
players will come? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
I don't see a level there will be a negative impact and the reason for that is we are 
expecting the industry itself to grow. Currently, I think the industry is at 30 lakh 

 
Page 5 of 17 
cases per month, I think comfortably we can say that within the next 2-3 years it 
would be a 40 lakhs industry, with number of retails increasing and privatization, 
we are quite confident that retail industry itself would be around 40 lakh cases in 
the next 2-3 years. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Last quick question is on demand side. Almost every consumption company is 
speaking on urban slowdown, QSR, FMCG, footwear, retail, everything. In your 
market, how do you see urban slowdown impact? You have given a guidance in 
the second half. Is optimism coming because of Andhra because the mid-teen 
growth is a very tall task and in first half you have grown in line with industry. If you 
could address all these points? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
There are two or three drivers which we see for the second half. One is certainly it 
will be Andhra. Two, in Karnataka also as we mentioned in the opening remarks, 
we have gone through a pricing correction, the MRPs have gone down which has 
resulted in the sales improving first in the month of September and further improving 
in the month of October. We should have some benefit coming in from Karnataka 
as well, and plus being primarily driven by brandy sales, about 85%-90% of our 
portfolio being brandy, we do see seasonality kick in slightly more significantly for 
us also in the second half. 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Just to add to that, Abneesh, while we have grown at the same pace as the overall 
industry or better from a P&A perspective, one point that I just want to bring out was 
that if you adjust this for the impact of Andhra slowdown, right, then we have grown 
at 9% in the first half of this year. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rishabh Gang from Sachetti Family Office. Please 
go ahead. 
Rishabh Gang: 
I wanted to know some insights on the strategic initiatives and 1-2 years target of 
your investee companies, right, where you have a meaningful stakes at a 20% or 
more like in Samsara, Bartisans and Incredible Spirits. Can you throw some light 
on that, sir? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
I'll take the strategic investments first. When we look at Samsara, right, Samsara 
as of today is a Rs. 20 crore net revenue business as of FY24. We see this business 
growing exponentially or significantly, because as of now, they are present in only 
a few states, their key states being Haryana, Goa, Maharashtra and Karnataka. As 
we grow in further states on the back of TI's distribution strength, which would be 
in the southern markets of Telangana, Pondicherry as well as AP, as well as East 
and Northeast, and add to that the fact that we will double down on international 
business as well as the canteen stores department business, we do see a 
significant growth coming in over here. While it would be difficult to quantify this 
growth, safe to assume that we would be growing double at least for coming year 
and going forward at the same rate maybe. 
Rishabh Gang: 
And for Bartisans and Incredible Spirits? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Bartisans, we have just made the investment. They have done a revenue of around 
Rs. 3.5 crore for FY24. And again, it's the same thing that over there the distribution 
channel was significantly D2C for them, right, for FY24, more than 80% of all their 
business was driven by their own website. Now, with the emergence of quick 
commerce as well as your dark kitchen concepts which get serviced through Swiggy 
and Zomato, with these distribution channels coming in, we do see business 

 
Page 6 of 17 
growing exponentially over there. Again, not in a position to quantify in those terms, 
but you will see significant growth coming from that spectrum as well. 
Rishabh Gang: 
On Bartisans engagement in the business of selling non-alcoholic beverages, right, 
wish to understand what is the difference between the marketing rules for these 
products versus our standard alcoholic beverages? If you can just tell what is the 
industry think about it, what are the rules and regulations for the same? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
I think the kind of marketing that can be done for a brand like Bartisans frankly it's 
a white space. You can do just about anything from that perspective. And if you 
follow Bartisans, they are a very digital-first company, they have a great presence 
on social media as we speak. Instagram, Facebook and all are big for them. And 
given the fact that now they are also getting distribution reach through their own 
channels, and also through Natures Basket and LeMarche of the likes, as well as 
the online digital platforms, there is a lot of visibility play for a player like Bartisans. 
In comparison, obviously, as an AlcoBev player, there are certain restrictions on us, 
from a marketing perspective. Frankly if you look at it, it's chalk-and-cheese from a 
marketing perspective. Having said that, there are multiple collaboration 
opportunities that exist over here between Bartisans and TI. As I mentioned earlier, 
we have been talking about our vision to make brandy more fun, more exciting and 
that is where Bartisans comes into play, whereby there will be collaborations 
whereby we come out with co-created mixers for brandy as well as for our own 
brands as such. 
Rishabh Gang: 
Since we have such a meaningful stake in Bartisans, sometime down the line would 
they be saying themselves from the house of Tilaknagar or from the house of 
Mansion House something like this? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Obviously, see, I can speak for now, right, but I can also give you a thought process 
behind our investment right of 36.2%. We've always been looking at having a 
significant minority stake to begin with in our inorganic investments because at the 
end of the day, we want the founders to run with their vision for their brands and 
their companies. But having said that, this is not going to stop, at the end of the 
day, if things do work out well and they go in the direction that we expect them to 
go, then, obviously this will become at some point I am hopeful that this will become 
a part of overall TI family. 
Rishabh Gang: 
Also on the Incredible Spirits, because I have not read anything about in the annual 
report also much about that, so any update on that? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
In fact, on Incredible Spirits, given the fact that it was a fairly small investment of 
Rs. 1 crore, we have taken a call to exit our investment in October and we have 
exited Incredible Spirits at cost. 
Rishabh Gang: 
Also for each of the investments, can you elaborate on how we are benefiting from 
the synergy and investing a piece, like you mentioned about the usership 
agreement? How are we monetizing our distribution reach, like if you can just tell 
about how it happens at the industry level, how the monetization happens, maybe 
if you don't want to tell specifics? Also Samsara, as I heard, they also have access 
to Northern India markets. You mentioned Haryana and all. How are we leveraging 
their distribution reach for selling maybe some of our high-end Mansion House 
Chambers or sometime down the line luxury brandy, because these are the markets 
which we don't access right now? 

 
Page 7 of 17 
Ameya Deshpande: 
I will first take the first part of your question. Right now, what is the usership 
agreement mean or what is that arrangement? It essentially means that we will sell 
their products under TI name, manufacture it in our own facilities and sell it under 
our name and pay them a royalty for the sales that we make. This royalty would be 
on a per case basis. I am going to give you a very principle overview of this entire 
transaction. Basically we will be paying a royalty per case to them for the sales that 
we make. Every revenue made and expense that we incur for this particular sale in 
the states that are covered under the usership agreement will form a part of 
Tilaknagar Industries’ financials. It will also be manufactured by Tilaknagar 
Industries to that extent. So, that is the way this will work in a royalty kind of a model. 
Thereby the entire profitability of that brand and remember that Samsara is may be 
the only Indian craft business which is profitable in India. When I say an Indian craft, 
I mean an independent Indian craft business which is profitable in India. We do see 
tremendous amount of value that gets generated over here.  
 
On your second part of the question which is the northern territories, obviously see 
AlcoBev today is significantly, distribution-driven business. It helps to have a 
portfolio of brands when we go to newer states to sell. From that perspective the 
moment Samsara goes along with, let's say, the luxury brandy that Tilaknagar 
Industries will start selling on its own, it kind of lends that much more credibility as 
well as opportunity or potential from a portfolio of craft brands in these new states. 
Rishabh Gang: 
Because I think you are doing such an innovation in brandy space, there's a lot to 
capitalize even in the northern states where we are not very much present right 
now. Also, I saw that we have launched Mansion House whisky in Assam similar to 
our launch of Blue Lagoon in North East India. Can you throw some light about our 
strategic emphasis on northeastern market for newer launches in non-brandy 
category, like why do we select Northeast only? And any difference in this region in 
terms of the competitive intensity versus other regions, if you can just throw some 
light on that? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Northeast we chose, because Assam is a market which has historically been known 
to be fairly receptive to new product introductions in terms of trade and also the 
retail shops and also consumers. That is one of the reasons why we chose Assam 
as the first point-of-entry for whisky and we will wait and watch. Of course, the Blue 
Lagoon Gin, that's small because the gin is not even 1% of the industry, it's mainly 
whisky industry, which is 90%. So, that is our initial foray and we will be quite 
guarded about our expansion now seeing the developments of Mansion House 
Whisky over the next six months, you can look at taking it to the sister states as 
well. 
Ameya Deshpande: 
And just adding to that, right, the reason for East and northeast is also because we 
do have a pretty strong presence in at least a couple of states over here. We are 
one of the largest players in the state of Sikkim, we are also a pretty large player in 
the state of Odisha, we have an almost 2% share of the entire IMFL industry in a 
market which is more than 80% whisky and rum strong or rather more than 95% 
whisky and rum strong. From that perspective, we do have a pretty significant 
distribution reach and a decent market share from a prestige and above industry 
perspective as well. 
Amit Dahanukar: 
And another reason for Assam is upfront investments in terms of company, in terms 
of working capital also, they're on lower side. If you were to look at markets such 
as Karnataka, they would be very high in terms of investment and duties, etc., 

 
Page 8 of 17 
Telangana would be elongated payment cycle. Not that favorable which is why we 
chose Assam as the first state to introduce whisky. 
Rishabh Gang: 
And for the states in which we have launched Flandy, you tell it on the base of 
Mansion House Brandy sales, right. What is the percentage of Flandy volumes, if 
you can just tell a bit about that, because last time it was 10%, so interested to know 
that? 
Ameya Deshpande : 
We've kind of maintained the same saliency for this quarter. It is around 7% of 
overall Mansion House saliency that we have in the relevant states.  
Rishabh Gang: 
And the relevant states being, which are these states? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
They would be Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Pondicherry and Sikkim. 
Rishabh Gang: 
And you were saying something else too? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
I was just adding that we also launched the Green Apple flavor within the Flandy 
portfolio and that has been seeing some interesting offtake as well in the states of 
Telangana and AP. 
Rishabh Gang: 
And can Flandy be a millionaire brand by year end, right, if you can just tell about 
what has been the volume for H1 if possible to share? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
That is the level of data that we don't actually provide. However, will it be a 
millionaire brand this year? No, it will not be a millionaire brand this year. But having 
said that, given the size of the flavored industry, it has taken a significant share and 
also we see tremendous potential in the space. Flavored spirits are one of the 
fastest growing spirits category in IMFL today. We do see a significant opportunity 
over here. Flandy is also our way of changing the way people see brandy as a 
category. We are very much focused on this brand going forward and hopefully we 
will be a millionaire brand fairly soon. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Harsh Sheth from Dam Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Harsh Sheth 
A couple of questions mostly is on ENA front. What is your outlook on the ENA 
prices? And secondly, if you could share some update on Shrirampur Distillery? We 
were contemplating some bit of CAPEX here once we become net debt free. So, 
anything on that? And just adding to that, recently listed IMFL player acquired a 
distillery in Maharashtra as basically we see a case for backward integration given 
the spreads or say in-house versus external procurement of ENA besides wanting 
to secure ENA supply. Now that we are debt-free, would we be considering 
backward integration or we would continue to be asset light? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Currently we don't have any meaningful update to share on the grain distillery front 
and going forward, if there is any significant update, then we will keep everyone 
informed, but as of now, it is status quo.  
Ameya Deshpande: 
On the ENA front, we've seen for the quarter ENA prices for us reducing by another 
rupee per litre. Whilst in the previous quarter in Q1 the average price was around 
Rs. 70 a litre, right now we are looking at around Rs. 69. 
Harsh Sheth 
And do we expect this to sustain to be stable in near term with new grain coming 
in? 

 
Page 9 of 17 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Difficult to predict the ENA prices to be very frank, but at our end we are fairly 
confident that we shouldn't see too much of volatility in the prices in ENA. 
Harsh Sheth 
If you could, you know share your guidance on what's our CAPEX are we looking 
for say in the next couple of years and what aspect? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
The guidance remains the same. Our maintenance CAPEX could remain anywhere 
in the range of Rs. 15 to Rs. 20 odd crore on a yearly basis. That's the maintenance 
CAPEX. And as and when we do take a call on the distillery, we will let you all know, 
but that will be an investment of around Rs. 45 crore. 
Harsh Sheth 
Roughly we will we are at 150 KLPD and we might be adding another 100-odd 
KLPD, is that correct? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
No, we will be recommissioning the 100 KLPD plant. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Darshika Khemka from AV FINCORP. 
Please go ahead. 
Darshika Khemka 
I have a couple of questions. Firstly, what was the due or overdue that we had from 
Telangana and how much of that have we received? 
Abhinav Gupta: 
Telangana, as Sir said at certain point of time the overdue increase was more than 
18, 19 weeks and currently also the overdue position would be around 10 weeks 
as compared to the normal cycle of receiving the money in about 45-days. Yes, 
situation has improved significantly. But still I think, is business as normal? No, it is 
not business as normal. 
Darshika Khemka 
And do we expect to receive this amount in the coming quarter itself or would this 
push to Q4? 
Abhinav Gupta: 
It would be difficult to say. As I said, it's not a normal business cycle as of now. But 
yes, I think within next 3-4 months, we should be hoping to get it regularized.  
Amit Dahanukar: 
Add that the government seems to be proactive in terms of reducing dues of 
industry suppliers, the government is taking steps in that direction. 
Darshika Khemka 
Also, by when do we expect our tax incidence to come back? I think in con call you 
had mentioned that it will start from FY25. I don't see that happening. Do we expect 
taxes to start coming in from the FY26? 
Abhinav Gupta: 
You can expect it from 1st Quarter of next financial year. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Sunny Gosar from MK Ventures. 
Please go ahead. 
Sunny Gosar: 
I have a couple of questions. First is on the Mansion House Whisky. Basically, what 
is the price point for this, and basically what is the peer set or the competition set 
against which this product is cross line to? And what is the category size of this 
price point in the relevant eastern and southern states? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Sunny, as I was saying the Mansion House Whisky has been launched in the semi-
premium segment, comparable brands would be Royal Stag, Royal Challenge. 
These would be our comparable brands. Specifically for Assam, this would be 
priced at around Rs. 560 for 750 ML bottle. And in terms of our initial target markets, 
there are four states that we are looking at initially, these are major whiskey 

 
Page 10 of 17 
consuming markets where we have distributions, volumes would be in the range of 
13-15 million cases. 
Sunny Gosar: 
One related question I have on this is that the category that you have entered has 
some strong incumbents. What is our differentiation or basically the marketing pitch 
basically which will help us gain market share here? And have there been new 
brands which have come in this category and created some sizable volume which 
gives us the confidence that we will be able to replicate similar success? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
See in this price segment, if you actually go to see, while I put the names of Royal 
Stag and Royal Challenge, which are backed by two of the largest players in the 
space, there are also multiple other brands which have actually gained millionaire 
status. These include the likes of Royal Green, you also have All Seasons, White 
and Blue, and a lot of other players who are doing really well and millionaire brands 
in their own. From that perspective, while obviously there are large incumbents in 
this space, we do see good amount of opportunity in this segment for the simple 
reason that there is sheer enormity of that segment, this is a supremely large 
segment. So any little share that you actually gain in this market will be 
incrementally positive for someone like us. 
Sunny Gosar: 
My next question is on the capital allocation. Company has become net debt free, 
and assuming some of the overdues from Telangana comeback in H2, our cash 
position with the internal accruals should strengthen further by March 2025 and you 
will be left with substantial amount of cash pool. Have we thought about what our 
capital allocation policy will be in terms of shareholder payout or any inorganic 
opportunities or any substantial brand launches which will need some kind of initial 
investment, how should we think about that? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Goal right now I think is by March 2025 we want to have significant reserves in 
terms of cash reserves to strengthen the balance sheet and we will be alive to 
inorganic opportunities which may come our way, we will evaluate them and take 
calls, plus we will have sufficient ability to invest behind our existing brands and 
look for opportunities in other categories and geographies as well. 
Sunny Gosar: 
And any thoughts on like a dividend distribution policy or anything? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
We have just about started our dividend distributions, over the past couple of years 
now, it's been three years that we've been distributing dividends, in the recent past. 
Obviously this is evolving, and we will look at it more closely going forward. Now, 
given the fact that we are net debt free now, but for the moment nothing much to 
add on that. We will let you all know as and when we do decide. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Pawandeep Singh Bhatia from NV 
Alpha. Please go ahead. 
Pawandeep Singh: 
I didn't understand the model that we are going to share with Samsara going 
forward. If you could explain me this usership agreement? We have a long-term 
vision to get Samsara in our TIL family. What is this distribution model and the 
royalty? Can you just explain it again? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Yes, so let me just explain it again. Essentially what this means is that we will start 
selling under the usership agreement for specific states and regions, we will start 
selling Samsara and Sitara brands under Tilaknagar Industries name, which 
essentially means that we will manufacture the product in our units. We will sell the 
products under our name, which would essentially mean that all revenue and costs 

 
Page 11 of 17 
come into TI books. And for that, we pay a royalty fee to Spaceman Spirits Lab on 
a per case basis. 
Pawandeep Singh: 
When you said TIL name, isn't like, the name would be from Samsara only, right? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Yes, yes, yes, what I mean to say is that it will come under our books for those 
particular states. It will still be sold under Samsara. It would just be manufactured 
for those particular states by Tilaknagar Industries. 
Pawandeep Singh: 
Then what is the royalty understanding, Sir? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
That's not something that we disclose publicly. 
Pawandeep Singh: 
And sir, what is our revenue expectations and our vision for 3-4 years out with 
whiskey and gin coming, our dependency is 85% on brandy. Going forward, what 
is our vision as a company that we want this number coming from non-brandy? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
As it stands, brandy is actually more than 90% of our volumes. I think there's 
something that we mentioned earlier as well, our vision 2030 would be more like an 
80:20 saliency whereby 80% of our business is still driven by brandy, but non-
brandy kind of expands to 20% from the current 6%. 
Pawandeep Singh: 
If we have invested in Samsara with a Rs. 20 crore revenue, under our distribution 
and like our vast brandy distribution, where do we think we can take this number if 
the company where we have invested in only is making a revenue of Rs. 20 crore? 
My question is can we like see a meaningful number coming from gin especially 
from Samsara and other players in our consolidated revenues? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Yes, obviously we see significant upside over here, right and potential over here. 
As I mentioned earlier as well, the Rs. 20 crore that we're looking at from a net 
revenue perspective is business which has been built in predominantly four states 
and that too at least one state has come into the pipeline in the mid of FY24. We 
do see a great amount of opportunity over there. In terms of quantification, we won't 
get into that, but it is a significantly large opportunity even from an institutional 
business perspective for Samsara. 
Pawandeep Singh: 
In tracking this space since a while, what was our understanding I might have 
missed this point in launching whisky in a state like Assam, because normally 
people would start with a more populated state when they want to penetrate into 
whisky, what was the thought process, because the product looks very good with 
the NSRs and everything that we are talking about? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Like we mentioned earlier as well, Assam is a fairly launch-friendly state when it 
comes to it. Many of the brands that you see especially on the whisky front get 
launched in Assam first. That's on account of also because the working capital 
requirements are lesser in the state and given the fact that the semi-premium 
whiskey segment is fairly large in the state, it is 2,00,000 cases per month. It's a 
pretty large segment. So, it's not a bad place to start off with. And at least in our 
case, because we already have a presence in Assam, it was kind of the right thing 
to do in our minds. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum 
Broking. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 12 of 17 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
My question is specifically when I look at first half we have done about 5.5 million 
cases and I was just more interested in what is the brandy if you strip out 5.5 Million 
cases in first half? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Brandy itself would be more than 90% of this. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I was more curious if our NSR is about Rs. 1,274. What would be the NSR 
difference for the Mansion House Chambers and Green? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Mansion House Chambers would have an NSR, which would be at least around 
35% more than Mansion House average and that would be kind of similar for Flandy 
as well, Flandy would be around 25%-odd more than Mansion House. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
These numbers what you have put in is the NSR number? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Which number? 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
In the presentation.  
Ameya Deshpande: 
Yes, that's the NSR number Rs. 1,274 per case is the NSR. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Where do we manufacture Chambers and Green? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Chambers is manufactured in Maharashtra at Shrirampur unit, and Flandy is bottled 
at multiple states wherever we are present. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
You mentioned that about 30 lakh cases is the AP market, is that correct? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
That is the current volume, yes. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Would you be able to break, how much is brandy and the whisky portfolio? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Brandy would be roughly 35%. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
And who are the brands which are existing, I mean obviously there will be local 
which will be competing? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
There are a number of brands, primarily most of them are local. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
In the first step when you expect what kind of distribution leg up you expect to settle 
down in next two to three quarters. 
Ameya Deshpande: 
I didn't understand that question. Could you repeat that? 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I am asking in Andhra Pradesh, what is the first leg up we would expect to touch up 
on, how many outlets or number of distribution points we would expect within next 
2-3 quarters? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
We already have 100% WOD in Andhra and even with the incremental new shops 
which have come in, we have 100% WOD. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Hiten Boricha from Sequent 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Hiten Boricha 
Sir, I have a couple of questions. The first one is you mentioned we have received 
some incentives in Q2. If you can please quantify the number and what are we 
expecting in H2? 

 
Page 13 of 17 
Amit Dahanukar: 
This amount relates to industrial promotion subsidy provided by the Government of 
Maharashtra under package scheme of incentives. 
Hiten Boricha 
Sir, if you can quantify the amount? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
In 1st Quarter, we received Rs. 5.56 crore and we received a further Rs. 10.36 crore 
in Q2. 
Hiten Boricha 
Similar amount is expected in H2 as well? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
We are unable to quantify that at the moment. 
Hiten Boricha 
I have one more question on Telangana, sir. So, out of total receivable, can you 
quantify what is the money stuck in Telangana, what are we expecting? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
The total receivables in the state would be around Rs. 130 crore and around Rs. 
80 crore of this would be overdue. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Karan Rathore from Kotak Bank. 
Please go ahead. 
Karan Rathore: 
My question is that the auditors have qualified opinion based on non-impairment of 
the ENA plant. What is the value of the ENA plant as on date and what is the impact 
of it going forward? 
Abhinav Gupta: 
I think as we have been discussing in the call, that there is one grain distillery which 
we intend to start at some point in time. Obviously, evaluation of various options is 
underway and this is basically the recommissioning of the existing grain distillery 
plant of 100 KLPD. That is why the auditor has qualified. That once the 
management takes the call, then obviously it will get recommissioned and perhaps 
there will be no question of any impairment. But till the time we take that call, the 
CAPEX is done and the distillery started, the qualification will come. 
Karan Rathore: 
What will be the cost to recommission this plant? 
Abhinav Gupta: 
This cost we are expecting to be around Rs. 45 crore. This will be at a significant 
discount to what if we were to set up a new Greenfield distillery and that would 
make its payback much better as compared to anybody wanting to set up a 
Greenfield plant today. 
Karan Rathore: 
And what would be the value of this plant as on date if you could help me with that? 
Abhinav Gupta: 
Currently, if a similar distillery were to be set up, it would be upwards of Rs. 100 
crore - Rs. 120 crore. And since we would just have to recommission and basically 
replace some of the worn out parts, we are expecting that it would take us around 
Rs. 45 to Rs. 50 crore to recommission. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Prateek Poddar from Bandhan AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Prateek Poddar: 
I have three questions. One is, could you just help me understand what kind of 
market share gains will happen in Andhra Pradesh after the relaxation of policy? 
Second is how should we think about NSR increase from a 2-3 year perspective? 
Last question was, if you could just help me understand the gross profit 
improvement which has happened, how much is due to premiumization and how 
much is due to cost reductions, I mean lower input costs? 

 
Page 14 of 17 
Amit Dahanukar: 
On market share gain, we are currently around 10%. We would look at improving 
from here on an expanded industry base, I think so that would be my reaction to 
that question, that industry will increase and we will try and improve our market 
share.  
Ameya Deshpande: 
On the gross margin, Prateek, we saw a 200-odd basis points increase in gross 
margin. This is net adjusted for subsidy. This was predominantly on account of 
reduction in ENA prices and the bottle cost reductions that we've seen as well as 
other cost optimization initiative. Little over here with regards to the premiumization 
drive itself, right, in this quarter, but more to do with the cost optimizations. The 
NSR has kind of remained the same, thereby premiumization drive has not really 
impacted the gross margins in this quarter. 
Prateek Poddar: 
How should I think about NSR, let's say from a 2-3 year perspective, because I 
heard if I am not wrong you did talk about getting into luxury, right in a couple of 
weeks? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Yes. The thing is that when we provide guidance on NSR, we provide that guidance 
more from a steady state business perspective. Existing business if we go to see I 
think we should be able to see NSR if volume growth is a mid-double-digit kind of 
range then the net revenue growth would be a couple of hundred points over and 
above that, but this guidance is from steady state business perspective. 
Moderator: 
I am sorry to interrupt, sir. We lost your voice in the middle. Can you just repeat the 
last sentence, please? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Yes, I was saying that if we look at our revenue guidance, right, our revenue 
guidance would be a couple of 100 basis points more than our volume guidance, 
but this is based on our existing business perspective. From a luxury portfolio and 
all, obviously, that will have an incremental benefit to NSRs, but that is something 
that we are not guiding towards as of now. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Rishabh Gang from Sachetti Family 
Office. Please go ahead. 
Rishabh Gang: 
Sir, in the past, you have mentioned that the state mix impact the trajectory of our 
EBITDA margin. Can you please help us understand with some granular insights, 
right, on how the state mix actually impact the EBITDA margin? Also some light on 
the retail going private in Andhra Pradesh and its impact, right, how does it work, 
some insights on that? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
I'll take the first question with regards to how the margins differ from state-to-state. 
This to be very frank is a function of two things. One is the NSR in that state itself. 
I'll give you an example. A state like Kerala is at least from our perspective is among 
the lowest NSRs for us in the portfolio. The more the volume of Kerala grows in 
terms of saliency of our portfolio, it has an impact on our EBITDA margins because, 
see, at the end of the day, your COGS especially on the raw material side are near 
about the same, irrespective of which state you sell it in because the ENA, the 
concentrate, the grape spirit and all remains the same from that perspective. What 
does matter in this case is obviously the kind of schemes that you end up giving 
and the other selling and distribution costs, which also have an impact on EBITDA, 
but getting into granular details of the numbers for each of the states that we don't 
do. But just to give you a sense, our most profitable states are the states of 
Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Pondicherry, Telangana, these are extremely 

 
Page 15 of 17 
profitable states for us on a margin basis, while a state like Kerala not only for us 
but for the overall industry itself would be relatively lesser profitable on a margin 
basis. 
Rishabh Gang: 
The retail going private in Andhra Pradesh? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
See, with retail going private in Andhra, what we mentioned even in our opening 
remarks, it kind of makes the market into a 100% consumer-driven market. What 
will sell is essentially what the consumer demands to a great extent in that state. 
So, that is the way the market will change. Now, why does this benefit us at TI is 
because we have a tremendously strong brand franchise, right, and brand equity in 
the form of MHB and CNB. We are at a premium price point in the state, which is 
predominantly consumer-driven. From that perspective, we have tremendous 
confidence in what lies ahead in the state. Obviously, the underlying industry itself 
is expected to increase, and we will take a higher share of that.  
Amit Dahanukar:  
Some light on why the industry to increase would be one, I think the government 
has made an announcement that 10% shops will be increasing, that could be one 
factor. And two, when a shop is private, they have paid heavy amount in terms of 
license fees, so they want to make sure that there is no stock-out in the shops, they 
keep all the brands, they keep them stocked, they make sure that the customers 
are fully serviced, which might not necessarily happen in government shops, 
sometimes we have seen our own products being stocked-out, some key sizes may 
not be available. With privatization we do expect that there will be overall 
improvement in terms of servicing the market, which will in turn help it to grow. 
Rishabh Gang: 
Also, you mentioned about transitioning of RTM, right, in Andhra Pradesh. Does it 
mean destocking, how does it result into volume slowdown like some insight on 
that? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Because they are transitioning between two policies. From the shop is being 
government retail to private retail in terms of the handover, the stocks at the depot 
what happens of that stock which was earlier lying in the government retail, that has 
to be called back to the depot. Procedurally there are number of issues, new 
licenses have come up now, where they will set up the shop, they have to get 
premises, they have to make it operational, etc., These challenges are there which 
are very common, but of course they're only in the very near short term. 
Rishabh Gang: 
Also, what is the current status of entering into Tamil Nadu? And apart from the 
states that we are presently are in, what are the other states which have decent 
brandy volumes across the country? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Other than the states where we are present, no other state comes to mind with any 
decent brandy volumes brand. Brandy is a very small component in North and West 
geography. Tamil Nadu, currently, we have Mansion House Reserve which is 
selling. We have the Courrier Napoleon Green which has just got pricing approval 
which we will introduce shortly and for a flagship brand Mansion House we expect 
within the next maybe two months or so. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Shivam Garg from Pariksha Mart. 
Please go ahead. 
Shivam Garg: 
I want to ask about the Flandy market. What is the current total addressable market 
size of flavored beverages and where does you see Flandy stands there and what 
do you expect it from two years down the line? 

 
Page 16 of 17 
Ameya Deshpande: 
The flavored spirits industry in the prestige and above segment, essentially be in 
the high single digit million cases. That is the size that we would see mid to high 
single digit million cases. Obviously, Flandy as of today is a very small portion of 
this. A great part of your flavored industry is taken by vodka today. But obviously 
we do expect given the way we are positioning Flandy within the portfolio as a drink 
for a newer demographic, we do see good amount of headwind and market share 
gains that we could make from Flandy within the overall flavored spirits. 
Shivam Garg: 
Can you describe which two categories will top after brandy in terms of volumes 
and NSR and what percentage of margin we can expect from these two categories? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Like we mentioned, we are looking at certain non-brandy categories, but at the end 
of the day, brandy will still drive our growth to a great extent. We've entered into 
whisky with the semi-premium whisky brand. There will be more such launches and 
innovations that come out of our stables. But for the moment we surely can't get 
into margins of what they can derive. What I can guide towards is going forward, 
what the margins, so our guidance kind of remains the same, over the next 2-3 
years you should be looking at EBITDA margins of somewhere around 16%-odd 
on an ongoing basis. 
Shivam Garg: 
What will you give the volume guidance regarding these categories? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Our overall volume guidance is anywhere between 12% to 15% on a steady state 
basis. 
Shivam Garg: 
Sir, can you tell me about what kind of product mix we can see till the end of the 
financial year 2025? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
It will be somewhat similar to what you see today. Brandy will still be 90%-plus of 
our overall volumes. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Shantanu Mantri from Think 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Shantanu Mantri: 
Just a couple of questions I want to understand. Brandy in the overall industry is 
huge, almost 20%-22% of the overall IMFL industry. Now in that, Tamil Nadu is a 
huge market, almost if I am not wrong 50% and I don't think we have any significant 
volumes coming in from Tamil Nadu. If we were supposed to grow at 15% for the 
next 3-4 years, by FY28-FY29, we can hit the 20 million case mark in brandy. I want 
to understand that how will the Tamil Nadu market play a role in this journey, the 
next 3-4 years? And what is the mix right now there in terms of P&A and the regular 
segment in brandy? And what has been stopping us from entering this Tamil Nadu 
market, what are the dynamics there? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
As you rightly mentioned, we have a relatively small presence in Tamil Nadu. But 
having said that within the brands that we operate in, we have been consistently 
increasing our market share. Our premium brandy offering of Mansion House 
Reserve has been seeing market share gains on a continuous basis. If in Q1 of 
FY24 we were a 5.5% share of that segment, which is more than 2 million cases 
strong for the year, today we are at 8.1%. We have significantly increased our share 
in the state. Having said that, obviously, there is a humongous opportunity in the 
state, not in a position to quantify or to give too many details as to what could 
happen, we don't provide guidance on Tamil Nadu as a state in isolation. But yes, 
to answer your question, it is a humongous opportunity that we see. The guidance 
that we do provide though of 12% - 15% frankly does not consider a significant 

 
Page 17 of 17 
incremental share from Tamil Nadu. That is over and above that in terms of 
opportunity. 
Shantanu Mantri: 
Sir, you mentioned about new pipelines and new products, the luxury product in the 
brandy segment. Apart from that, are there any other products in the pipeline apart 
from luxury brandy and the whisky that we've already done, any other thing that can 
come up in the next six months to one year? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
We would have one more launch in the luxury category in the next six months. One 
would happen in November and one would happen in the next six months. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as a last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Dahanukar for closing comments. Over 
to you, sir. 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Thank you, everyone for being a part of today's call and showing your interest in 
TI’s story. I would like to underline that with an attractive portfolio and pipeline in 
P&A we are in a unique place to align strongly with the pulse of the industry. There 
is a clear vision for growth that will leverage into our brandy leadership while 
benefiting from innovative introduction in adjacencies and other AlcoBev 
categories. This includes scaling up initiatives on the organic side as well as through 
salient partnerships such as the one with Spaceman Spirits and Round the 
Cocktails. Our commitment to premiumization has laid a strong foundation for 
continued success and we are geared to drive that forward, backed by a healthy 
cash flow and balance sheet position. Thank you very much for your time and for 
supporting us on our growth journey. I trust we have addressed your queries for 
today. We are available for further clarity and discussions at any time at the 
coordinates mentioned in the presentation. Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain some transcription errors.  The document has been edited 
for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to maintain 
a high level of accuracy. 
