 
www.metropolisindia.com    |    support@metropolisindia.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ref: MHL/Sec&Legal/2024-25/68  
 
 
 
 
                                  Date: November 16, 2024 
 
To,  
BSE Limited  
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Scrip Code: 542650  
Scrip Symbol: METROPOLIS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Earnings call transcript for Q2FY25 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed herewith the transcript of Q2FY25 earnings conference call held on November 11, 2024. The transcript is also 
available on the Company’s website i.e. www.metropolisindia.com 
 
We request you to kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
 
Kamlesh C Kulkarni  
Head – Legal & Secretarial 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kamlesh 
Chandrashek
har Kulkarni
Digitally signed by 
Kamlesh 
Chandrashekhar 
Kulkarni 
Date: 2024.11.16 
14:37:57 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 11, 2024 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 11th November 2024 will prevail  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MS. AMEERA SHAH – CHAIRPERSON AND EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR – METROPOLIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
MR. SURENDRAN CHEMMENKOTIL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – METROPOLIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
MR. AVADHUT JOSHI – CHIEF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT 
OFFICER – METROPOLIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
MR. ADITYA SHINDE – INTERIM CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER– 
METROPOLIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. TAUSIF SHAIKH – BNP PARIBAS EXANE RESEARCH 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Metropolis Healthcare Q2 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements do not guarantee the future performance of the company, and it may involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Tausif Shaikh from BNP Paribas Exane Research. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Tausif Shaikh: 
Thanks, Segal, and good morning, everyone. On behalf of BNP Paribas Exane Research, I, 
Tausif Shaikh, India analyst for pharma and healthcare services, welcomes you all for 
Metropolis Q2 FY '25 earnings con-call. Today, we have the senior management of the company 
represented by Ameera Shah, Chairperson and Executive Director; Surendran Chemmenkotil, 
Chief Executive Officer; and Avadhut Joshi, Chief Business Development Officer. 
I will now hand the call to Ameera ma'am for opening remarks. Over to you, ma'am. 
Ameera Shah: 
Hi. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the Q2 FY '25 earnings call today. 
As mentioned, I'm joined by Surendran, Avadhut and Aditya Shinde, who is the Interim CFO; 
and SGA, our IR advisors. We've uploaded our updated results documents in the exchanges and 
the company's website, and I hope everyone's had an opportunity to go through the same. 
Let me begin with the industry scenario, so we can set the context for today's call. The Indian 
diagnostics industry continues to be highly fragmented with over 85% of the market dominated 
by unorganized and independent diagnostic centers. These centers have succeeded in building a 
hyper local customer base with repeat clients, but they struggle to attract new customers and are 
experiencing a decline in volumes as more organized and trusted diagnostic chain entered these 
micro markets. 
Independent centers typically offer a limited range of tests with an average of around 100 tests 
compared to over the 4,000 varieties of tests that are available at Metropolis. The limited test 
offerings, the inability to serve specialized doctors, the lack of reach that the local labs have and 
the inadequate digital and physical capabilities that makes it difficult for them to increase volume 
and scale. 
We continue to see a larger trend of unorganized moving to organized, especially in metro 
markets. Recognizing this as a significant opportunity, we have been focusing on selective micro 
markets across India, working to establish trust and credibility with doctors through a 
comprehensive test menu, accurate results, best-in-class experts for test interpretation and high-
touch doctor engagement. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
Page 3 of 20 
 
As unwell customers prioritize quality and experience over price, our brand reputation, in-house 
expertise on every test leading to huge trust and our physical and digital infrastructure have made 
us the preferred choice. In smaller towns, the local lab is still relevant due to strong local 
relationships and large chains like Metropolis create relevance for ourselves through specialized 
testing, which the local labs cannot do. 
Speaking of competition from organized players and tech-enabled e-health companies, we have 
not observed any significant changes compared to the previous quarter. The new age companies 
continue to face challenges in generating illness-driven volumes. And due to competitive 
pressures and low conversion rates from wellness to illness services, they have been compelled 
to raise prices to improve their unit economics. 
Additionally, we have witnessed that they have been forced to enter the traditional physical 
brick-and-mortar model, a process that is both long and challenging, especially when it comes 
to scaling and achieving profitable growth. There has also been talk about competition from 
hospital players, but we believe this remains confined to a few geographies like Delhi and 
Hyderabad, where major hospital chains have had a presence for decades. 
Pricing for these hospital chains remains a real challenge as their retail price for a patient outside 
the hospital is one-third what they charge inside the hospital, leading to huge conflicts with their 
customer and cannibalization of their own business. This is one of the reasons we believe it will 
be challenging for hospitals to truly scale their pathology ventures in a profitable manner. 
Let me provide some insights on regional competition. A strong regional lab in one city with 
B2C business would try and expand into other markets close by via the B2B route as they would 
not have a brand in another city. While capital is available to expand, the ability to build brand, 
attract talent and management expertise to provide quality and quick results across regions 
consistently and build a complex test menu that are needed to scale the business are actually the 
mopes of our industry when you're building a chain, which is why most city-focused businesses 
have not been able to scale and definitely not scale profitably. 
We have been leaders in the West and South regions and continue to experience consistent 
growth in our core geographies, often exceeding the company's average growth rate. For 
instance, in Mumbai, our B2C revenues have increased by 17% to 20% over the past 8 quarters, 
and we remain the fastest-growing player in these regions, well positioned to capture market 
share even if we see further competition. 
This is largely due to the market composition with a significant portion still unorganized, 
providing ample room for growth if you have execution excellence. We are confident that we 
will outperform industry growth, gain more market share on the back of the trust and credibility 
that has been built over the years with doctors and consumers. In noncore geographies, like 
North and East, where our consumer brand is relatively less established, which often we call 
them seeding cities, we have been strengthening our presence through our B2B business. 
We have built a strong medical reputation amongst recognized grade E hospitals and labs, which 
choose our services due to our testing capabilities and high-quality offerings with specialized 
and quality testing at the core of our value proposition. We are also seeing significant growth 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
Page 4 of 20 
 
opportunities beyond the core geographies, especially in Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities, which are 
becoming increasingly important focal point for us. 
We are deepening our presence in emerging markets like UP, MP, Punjab and Assam, where the 
demand for reliable diagnostics is rapidly rising. With a highly fragmented diagnostics industry, 
we are strategically focusing on micro markets with minimal organized competition with stand-
alone centers and unorganized players are having majority of the market share. 
In Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities, we are experiencing strong growth, and we anticipate continued 
acceleration as health care access and awareness expand. By tailoring our approach to meet the 
unique needs of these communities, we are ensuring that our reach extends beyond the traditional 
urban centers, establishing a robust network that serves diverse populations. 
In Q2 FY '25, revenue from these towns accounted for over 25% of our contribution with a year-
over-year growth rate of 23%. Currently, the revenue for Metropolis from India's top 10 most 
popular cities comprises nearly half of our revenues, while the top 100 cities contribute around 
-- close to around 75%. The balanced revenues are contributed by smaller towns and cities, 
which are growing at a fast pace. 
This increase in revenue growth is driven by our aggressive network strategy, adding new 
locations across smaller cities and finally, being able to earn the trust of doctors to get patients 
to walk into the center. Today, we are present in over 700 towns with plans to expand to at least 
1,000 in the next 12 to 18 months. These cities not only offer promising growth, but also 
opportunities to build enduring relationships and trust within these communities. 
Moving forward, we will prioritize increasing our leadership in our core B2C markets where we 
have consistently outperformed industry growth. Additionally, we will focus on expanding our 
presence in Tier 3 and Tier 4 towns, which have limited diagnostic providers and services. By 
implementing targeted marketing and sales strategies, we aim to enhance our market penetration 
and establish a strong foothold in these regions, driving overall growth in the coming years. 
Let me quickly share some insights into our inorganic expansion strategy. We've been actively 
pursuing inorganic growth with 2 main objectives. First, to acquire capabilities in advanced 
specialty testing areas such as genomics, oncology, histopathology and molecular diagnostics. 
The biggest growth is going to be in these areas in the next 10 years, and therefore, we definitely 
want to get deeper into these testing capabilities. 
Second, to extend our reach in noncore geographies, particularly in North India, where 
Metropolis has a relatively lower brand presence. These acquisitions will serve as entry points 
into these specific micro markets, allowing us to then build the business organically after 
acquisition by implementing Metropolis standards in testing, service and delivery, along with 
specialized testing an extensive test menu and scientific marketing through doctors. 
We are in advanced stages of evaluating potential targets, and we'll keep you updated at the 
appropriate time. Aligned with the government's focus on workforce development and skill 
enhancement, we have launched the Metropolis Institute of Laboratory Education and Skilling 
or what we abbreviatedly called MiLES in partnership with DY Patil University and 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Maharashtra State Skills University. to offer specialized fellowship and certificate programs for 
both MD and DMD students. 
Covering fields like advanced clinical chemistry and molecular pathology, these programs blend 
theoretical learning with hands-on training on advanced diagnostic technologies. MiLES 
reaffirms our commitment to bridging the health care skills gap and preferring professionals to 
meet the sector's evolving demands. Before I hand over to Suren to take you through the 
quarterly highlights, I would like to reiterate the key growth strategies for Metropolis, we will 
continue to focus on. 
Number one, expanding lab and collection center networks in new cities, largely in Tier 3 and 
Tier 4 cities in India to expand our addressable market. Number two, focus on being the pioneer 
in new test advancement and amplify our engagement with specialty doctors to grow our 
specialty volumes. Number three, focus on our TruHealth packages with curated packages and 
increase our contribution, which is currently 16% of revenue to keep increasing this as we go 
further. 
Fourth, fostering the inorganic growth and foray into adjacencies. And fifth, heighten our service 
standards and digital marketing initiatives to improve productivity and customer experience. 
That's all for now, and I'll be happy to chat with you guys more over the question and answers. 
Suren, over to you. 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Thank you, Ameera, and good morning, everyone, on the call. We have been consistently able 
to deliver industry-leading growth over the last 8-plus quarters now. Our revenue for quarter 2 
financial year '25 grew by 13.4 percentage on a year-over-year basis well within our guided 
range of 13 to 15 percentage band. Our EBITDA for quarter 2 grew by 22% with an EBITDA 
margin inching up to 26.2%, an increase of 190 bps year-over-year. Our PAT for the quarter 
stood at INR46.7 crores, an increase of 31% year-over-year. PAT margin also witnessed a 
growth of 180 bps year-over-year. 
On the broader KPIs, our patient volume growth for quarter 2 stood at 7% and our test volume 
growth stood at 8% on a year-over-year basis, which stands to be one of the highest in the 
industry. Our patient and test volume growth for H1 stood at 7% and 9%, respectively. Increase 
in volumes are on account of increase in market share among the core geographies and expansion 
and deepening our presence in newer geographies, especially in Tier 3 and smaller towns across 
the country. 
Now moving to a few of the operational KPIs. Our B2C revenue for quarter 2 grew by 21% 
year-over-year. Patient volumes in B2C segment has grown by 12%, signaling an increased 
market share driven by extensive test menu, trust and credibility Metropolis brand holds with 
both doctors and consumers. We have achieved faster revenue growth in our core geographies 
within the B2C segment. B2B revenue for quarter 2 grew by 13% year-over-year. 
Our focused efforts and enhanced engagement programs with the key B2B clients have enabled 
us to increase our wallet share in this segment. As we have managed to keep discounts at day 
and enhance our productivity per client, we believe our graded approach to customers can help 
us growing well and profitably as they look for quality and good services with Metropolis. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
Page 6 of 20 
 
The B2C and B2B revenue make up to almost 90% of our business and the combined growth of 
this segment is around 17% year-over-year. As shared in earlier occasions, we have strategically 
chosen to disengage with government and institutional clients, resulting in a revenue decline in 
this segment and impacting overall growth in the last 2 quarters, which may continue for another 
couple of quarters more. 
This decision aligns with our focus on quality over price-sensitive business. Excluding this 
segment, our combined B2C and B2B patient volume have grown by 8% year-over-year. As a 
part of our larger strategy, we have been prioritizing the specialty and bundled product segment 
as dual growth drivers. Our TruHealth portfolio achieved strong year-over-year growth of 23% 
in quarter 2. 
Carefully curated wellness and illness packages and focused marketing efforts have driven the 
growth in this segment. TruHealth now contributes to around 16% of our total revenue, and we 
would like to move this towards 20% in the coming few quarters. By upselling to our existing 
customer base, we have increased the number of tests per patient, leading to higher revenue. 
This approach also boosts our margins as customer acquisition and servicing costs remain 
steady. 
Metropolis has been a pioneer in the specialized diagnostic services, driving a 16% year-over-
year growth in our specialty revenues. And this portfolio growth is bettering quarter after quarter. 
By introducing new tests and strengthening our relationship with specialized doctors nationwide 
through education and engagement on the latest testing capabilities, we continue to expand our 
specialty business. 
We have launched, for example, in the last 6 months, next-gen pre-implantation genetic testing 
for pre-IVF, next-gen panels for oncology to guide targeted therapies and optimize cancer 
treatment and the fecal immunochemical test, which is a very important test for early screening 
of issues in the gastrointestinal system. 
We have also introduced comprehensive panels for testing in transplant patients and advanced 
profiles that provide an in-depth analysis of multiple steroid hormones in a single test, enhancing 
diagnostic accuracy. See, these advancements reflect our commitment to precision and progress 
across critical health care specialties. 
Our scientific approach to selling, combined with omnichannel strategy has enabled us to reach 
a larger audience and drive significant traffic for specialized testing. In terms of network 
expansion, we added 7 labs in quarter 2 and 17 labs in H1 with the goal of reaching 25 new labs 
by the close of financial year '25. 
We have also closed down a few labs, which is reflecting in smaller net addition number for this 
period. This has been done to optimize cost synergies in certain regions. We also added net of 
186 collection centers in the H1, bringing our total centers to 4,336 and we are targeting about 
500 adjacent centers by the end of this year. 
This growth strategy is driven by the increasing presence in tertiary care outside metro cities, 
extending into smaller cities and towns nationwide. In line with this trend, we have entered over 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
Page 7 of 20 
 
400-plus new towns in Tier 1 and Tier 2 regions over the past 24 months, focusing on these areas 
as key growth opportunities. 
Our reach has now expanded to nearly 700 towns, and we aim to reach 1,000 towns over the 
next 12 to 18 months, like Ameera mentioned. This expansion lays a strong foundation for 
Metropolis' next growth phase. We have made significant progress in boosting our operational 
efficiency and elevating customer service by heavily investing in our digital and IT 
infrastructure. 
Our focus has been on developing a seamless intuitive platform where customers can easily 
explore and select tests, schedule appointments, make payments through integrated gateways 
and receive their reports digitally, enhancing convenience and accessibility at every touch point. 
In parallel, we have fostered and consolidated strategic partnerships to establish a center of 
enablement dedicated to optimizing our mission-critical IT applications. This collaborative 
efforts enhances efficiency across the organization and position us for long-term sustainable 
growth. This end-to-end transformation not only enhances operational efficiency, but also 
strengthen customer loyalty as we provide a faster, more reliable and customer-centric 
experience. 
Lastly, if I speak of our outlook for full year '25 -- financial year '25 and beyond, we are 
maintaining our revenue growth guidance in the range of 13% to 15% driven by high single-
digit patient volume growth. We expect margins to improve as we move forward, benefiting 
from operating leverage within the business. 
As our new labs reach maturity, we expect margin to further enhance through increased 
throughput and reduced lab expansion-related expenditures. With this, now I hand over to Aditya 
Shinde for financial updates. 
Aditya Shinde: 
Thank you, Suren. Good morning, everyone. I am Aditya Shinde, and let me share some of the 
key financial performance for the quarter. Revenue for quarter 2 FY '25 stood at INR349.8 
crores, a growth of 13.4% Y-o-Y with 7% patient volume growth. Our test volume growth stood 
at 8% for this quarter. Revenue per test has increased by 5% on a Y-o-Y basis. Our B2C revenue 
stood at INR194 crores as compared to INR161 crores in the quarter 2 of last year, which is an 
increase of 21%. 
Our B2C for wellness and specialty grew by 26% and 24%, respectively, on a Y-o-Y basis. 
Patient volume growth for B2C business stood at 12% Y-o-Y. Our B2B grew by 12.6% for this 
quarter compared to same period last year, with B2B wellness and specialty growing by 21% 
and 10%, respectively. B2B patient volume grew by 4% on a Y-o-Y basis. Revenue share of 
TruHealth segment stands at 15%, indicating a growth of 23% Y-o-Y. Our specialty segment 
revenue stood at INR129 crores, which is a growth of 16% Y-o-Y. 
Reported EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR91.5 crores as compared to INR74.9 crores, a 
growth of 22.2%. Reported EBITDA margins for this quarter stood at 26.2%, which is a delta 
of 190 bps. PAT for the quarter stood at INR46.7 crores, a growth of 31%. PAT margins for this 
quarter stood at 13.4%, up from 11.6% for the same period last year, which is a delta of 180 bps. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Moving on to the balance sheet. We have a net cash surplus of INR185 crores as of 30th 
September 2024. That's all from my side. With this, I open the floor for questions and answers. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Shaleen Kumar: from UBS Securities India. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. Sorry, it's a bit of a long question. So there was a time when 
your margins were a little higher than the industry-leading peer. But obviously, you got into 
investment modes and expansion mode, which is great, and we could see the results coming in. 
But your margins are now tad lower, in fact, reasonably lower than the peer, while your revenue 
per test or revenue per patient are still higher. 
So what I want to understand is you're still in a kind of this expansion mode where you called 
out your Tier 3 strategy. But how should we think about the margin and the growth balancing 
effect? Because your growth in Tier 1, Tier 2 city is not that great. A large part of it is coming 
from Tier 3 city where you need to invest and expand. But at the same time, we look forward 
for a margin expansion because you still have a reasonable critical mass. So any thoughts on 
that? 
Ameera Shah: 
So I'll add a couple of thoughts and Suren can add to it as well. So the 2 areas we are seeing 
good growth is actually in our Tier 1 cities, metros, where we are continuing to -- like we gave 
you the example of Bombay and Pune and other markets, Bangalore, where we are continuing 
to see a very positive revenue growth, especially on the B2C side. 
So we are finding the growth is very high in the top markets where we have a brand and the 
growth is high in the Tier 3, Tier 4 markets just because there is that much opportunity, right? 
And we believe that these 2 areas, geographies will continue giving us a good revenue growth 
as we go forward. 
To your question around margins, see, if you look at pre-COVID, the margins actually for the 
industry hovered around 26% approximately. And it was during COVID that obviously they 
went up closer to 28%, 29%. We all knew that was not sustainable. The choice we had post 
COVID was, as some of the peers have done is not really invest in lab expansion or other areas, 
but to actually let the operating leverage flow through to the profit. 
But that very clearly then reflects in a much smaller growth in volume, patient volume, test 
volume as well as in revenue growth. The choice that we chose to make is that considering the 
large opportunity in India at hand, we felt that rather than maximizing margins, that we believe 
that the opportunity really stood in continuing to increase access and to continue to grow across 
the country and we will stabilize and build the brand even further. 
And therefore, we continued our process from FY '21 till '25 of adding approximately 90 labs, 
which was increasing our lab capacity by 50% plus and obviously adding centers. Now 
everybody knows that when you add a new lab, it doesn't become mature in 1, 2 or 3 years. It 
takes longer than that. And as we've been busy in building labs, while we have built collection 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
Page 9 of 20 
 
centers, we have not built collection centers to feed these labs at the pace that we will be doing 
going forward. 
Now we have to remember the collection center model is an asset-light model. You have -- 
obviously, we are building some centers at our own fixed rents, etcetera, which are patient 
service centers, but majority, 90% of our centers are through the franchise route, which is an 
asset-light model. So from FY '26, you will actually see the lab addition come down to 4 to 5 a 
year probably. And we will see actually the center expansion move up further, which is on the 
asset-light model. 
We believe that as this continues to mature and our network of the last few years matures, we 
will continue to see operating leverage and which is why we indicated that we will see margin 
expansion happening. Finally, business is all about choices, and we believe that margin 
expansion, frankly, 100 to 200 bps can be done pretty much within our control at any point that 
we decide to stop expanding. 
And therefore, we made the fact to really focus on the revenue expansion. And I think the next 
3, 4 years, we will hopefully continue to see revenue expansion still be at our targeted numbers, 
but see the margins expand as well. I hope that answers your question. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Yes, yes, yes, Ameera, mostly, so I agree with you, right? That's the way I also look at it that a 
lot of margin is in your hand because you can take a call of how much you want to invest and 
claw back and growth. So is there a thumb rule which you play by certain amount -- certain 
growth you need to target. And beyond that, anything whatever you make that will spill through 
the margin? And if that's the case, any long-term aspiration on both growth and margin where 
you're seeing that's the steady state? 
Ameera Shah: 
I mean I think we would like to -- I mean, you can't comment honestly, beyond 2, 3 years for 
any industry because things change. But at least I can comment for the next 2, 3 years, we are 
continuing to, like we said, target to 13% to 15% revenue growth and margins at about between 
26% to 27% and hopefully, we'll see -- if there is an ability to be able to see further margin 
expansion, we'll obviously do that. 
But at this point of time, we believe that today, we are already between 26% and 27% if I remove 
the dilution of the lab addition that we have done, adjust for that. And going forward, we also 
have obviously a potential to expand it further. So I don't want to give any very specific numbers 
because then that keeps it too tight, but we certainly see an opportunity there. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
All right. Can I ask one last question? Let me go ahead. 
Ameera Shah: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Any size in mind when you're thinking about acquisition and the payback? 
Ameera Shah: 
Look, I think acquisitions, we are seeing lots of assets available across the country. But as we've 
always maintained, we find 90% of them, 95% of them, not investments that we would like to 
do because of poor governance or poor models, etcetera. So we will continue to be very selective. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
Page 10 of 20 
 
And the ones we will do will be high-quality businesses, which we believe can make fair profits 
in time. 
I think sizes can be bolt-on acquisitions, which are smaller, but leaders in their cities. They could 
also be larger regional players or they could be pan-India players. But I think our goal will be 
to, one, to make sure that we are pricing the acquisition very fairly and correctly from a ROCE 
perspective. And like I said, second, high-quality businesses, if they are bolt-on, then they have 
to have majority business coming from B2C, which yields high margins. 
If they are B2B businesses, then they have to be non-commoditized B2B businesses, high 
specialty B2B businesses, which can bring some very tangible quality of customers to the table 
and specialty volumes. So I don't have any specific numbers for you, but we will certainly keep 
you guys updated as we move forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anshul Agrawal from Emkay Global. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
My first question is on the B2B portfolio that seems to be lagging our B2C portfolio over the 
say, last 4, 5 quarters, predominantly in terms of volumes. While you have alluded in your 
opening remarks, the reasons for the same, do you expect this divergence to continue as online 
players sort of target this portfolio? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: All right. Anshul, B2B portfolio, if you look at it, the overall growth in the last 2 quarters, we 
are growing at 13% now. I mean -- so in the past quarters, if you look at beyond that, we were 
at single-digit numbers on B2B. And B2B growth has come on the back of a very, very focused 
approach towards improving the client experience and our relationship with them, etcetera, 
getting strengthened and also by controlling the discount. 
We have really that sort of long tail that we have in terms of which were giving us a little bit of 
volumes, but were not giving us enough margins and revenues. So in this transition phase where 
we are actually trying to get focused in the head part of the B2B client and also hold the discounts 
and increase revenues, there could be a small phase of time where you will not find volumes 
going up because those volumes which was coming was not very good margin volume. 
So otherwise, if you look at the overall portfolio, it looks good. The revenue per patient is 
looking good. The overall revenue is looking good. And as we go forward, I think you'll get to 
see the volumes also stabilizing. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Okay. So are we saying that B2B volume growth would be lagging B2C volume growth for the 
next, say, couple of quarters or longer than that? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Well, I mean, we may take a couple of more quarters to get over with the long tail that story that 
I was talking about it. We can't equate or I can't make a comment about whether B2B and B2C 
volume will be going in the same trajectory or not. But I think we are aiming for an overall 
volume growth of coming close to 2-digit number. That's a high single-digit number as we go 
forward, and we can clearly see that happening. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Sure. This is the patient volume, not the sample volume that you're alluding to, correct? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Exactly. We are talking about the patient volume growth, yes. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Great. Just one clarification on the number of labs that we have added in H1. Our presentation 
says a net lab addition of 3. And if I heard you correctly, you said they added 17 labs in H1. So 
is there a rationalization of almost 14-odd labs on the Hitech portfolio? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Yes. Actually, that's exactly what I mentioned in my speech as well. We have just -- wherever 
there are synergies possible between Metropolis and Hitech, we just combine those labs and with 
the numbers will then be lesser in the total count. And there are also a few other geographies 
where we could find an opportunity of lab consolidation or the lab was not making sense to us. 
So some of those -- in these last 6 months, we just took a call to consolidate that without really 
impacting whether the revenues or customer experience at all. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
So we'll just add about 8 labs in H2? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Well, I mean that's the plan. 25 is the number for the year, and I think we are on course. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Okay. Great. Just one last question. Now our top line while it has grown because of volume as 
well, but because of RPT improvements, which would be on the back of price hikes that we have 
taken probably at the start of this year, which would sort of be in the base by, say, Q4. Do you 
see volume growth to sort of expand materially to keep our top line growing by the 14%, 15% 
number say, after FY '25 as well? Just broad understanding what it would be useful. 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Yes, that's right. I think our top line growth -- like we mentioned in the speech, it's going to be 
in the range of 13% to 15%. Maybe a couple of quarters later, the impact of the price increase 
that we took last year may a little bit fade away. But then I think the volumes should start 
substituting for that. 
Ameera Shah: 
Just want to add one thing to that, that see the ARPP growth is I think 5% to 6%. Of that, the 
price increase is only -- the net price benefit is only about 2.3% to 2.4%. So all of it is not coming 
from price increase. It is actually coming from product mix largely. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
So -- and obviously, considering that we are trying to enhance/seek higher contribution from 
specialty, wellness portfolio, this should -- RPT should continue to increase sans the price hike 
numbers. 
Ameera Shah: 
That's right. So the product mix changes will continue to drive the revenue per patient increases 
as they always have. Obviously, the volume growth, we would like to continue to see it to move 
on an upswing. And a combination of these 2 is where we believe that the targeted guidance 
should land between 13% to 15%. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Got it. Just one small follow-up on this. Our sample per patient number is hovering around 2.07, 
2.06 since 3, 4 quarters. Would this significantly improve now that we are focusing more on 
wellness portfolio? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: In fact, this was in the range of 2.2, 2.3 - 3 to 4 quarters back. On the -- as we keep progressing 
on the TruHealth and the specialty getting better, now we have come closer to 2.7%, 2.8%. As 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
Page 12 of 20 
 
we keep focusing on this portfolio mix of TruHealth and Wellness, this should start getting 
better, and we're really driving the bundled products in the last 2, 3 quarters. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Mathur from HDFC Mutual Fund. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
So my first question is around the geographic mix of revenues. So I'm on Slide #13 of the 
investor presentation, which say that Tier 1 and Tier 2 growth was around 8% and 7% in this 
particular quarter. So just wanted to understand what's happening on the Tier 1 and Tier 2 side. 
I don't know if you have talked about this on the opening remarks, but the growth seems to be 
lagging in these important clusters for the company. Is it because of B2B defocus or competitive 
pressures? If you can just elaborate a bit more on Tier 1 and Tier 2. 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Yes. In fact, if you remember, I just mentioned that we just a little bit defocused on the 
institutional business and government business, which were normally giving us the lower 
margins. And this business were largely coming from Tier 1 cities, right? So I mean that's one 
of the reasons you will find a temporary drop in the Tier 1 revenue growth. And then -- and also 
the Tier 3 growth is definitely fueled by the increase in number of labs and centers that (Inaudible 
36:06) Tier 2, Tier 3 towns. 
So I think we -- like I said, 1 or 2 more quarters, we will have a little bit of very focused view 
on the corporate and institutional business. And post that, I think you will see that the Tier 1 
cities also coming to a double-digit kind of a growth. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
So I'm just a bit curious to understand... 
Ameera Shah: 
Yes. Nikhil, if you even in this quarter adjust for the institutional degrowth, like, for example, 
we had this government contract in Delhi, which was the Mohalla clinics contract, right, which 
we sort of have been -- which has come down, etcetera, and we are exiting. But for example, 
these businesses like this, there are 2, 3 contracts, which are all part of the government 
institutional. 
So if you adjust for those and you actually look at the B2C and B2B, the Tier 1 cities are actually 
doing really well. But on the reported revenue side, it will not show up because like we said, of 
the degrowth on the institutional, which happened to be in these Tier 1 cities. I hope that clarifies. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Yes, sure. Also, just curious to understand your B2B customers predominantly would be 
hospitals, right, if I'm not wrong. And hospitals today are in the pink of health. I mean, if you 
look at how hospitals are reporting their numbers, they are at top end of the margins that the 
industry has ever reported. 
So is the B2B nongovernment private market now getting more lucrative for diagnostic place 
for you? Or because they are so doing well, they would rather invest themselves and boost their 
own diagnostic requirements rather than outsourcing to a company like Metropolis? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Okay. If I speak -- I mean, just I'll clarify on the B2B segment split. And if you look at the B2B 
segment split, a large part of B2B, Nikhil, is on the B2B smaller labs. The hospital on the B2B 
portfolio is relatively much smaller. right? And we keep engaging with the bigger hospitals as 
well as smaller labs, which is across the country, the wider geographies. So our dependence on 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
Page 13 of 20 
 
the big hospitals is not as high that tomorrow, if they start in-sourcing the test, that will have a 
huge impact on our performance. 
So I mean, we -- at the same time, we keep building volumes from the hospitals where we are 
already doing business with, and we also start -- keep getting more and more B2B hospitals at 
the same time. But our focus on B2B clients, which is basically the doctor run pathology labs or 
the technician run pathology labs, that's the larger in terms of size, and we keep engaging with 
them and keep giving them better services, as I said. Ameera, please. 
Ameera Shah: 
Yes. I just wanted to give you a little larger context, the hospital business as well, if you have to 
remember that 85%, 90% of it continues to be smaller hospitals. the guys you see on these listed 
platforms, listed exchanges are only in the top 5% or 10% of organized players, right, which are 
a handful. 85%, 90% of the market is unorganized, smaller hospitals like it is in diagnostics. 
And really, the -- like to Suren's point, the larger customers come from that 85% to 90%, not 
from the top 10%, which are the organized listed companies. So the organized listed companies 
will obviously do their best effort to try and do more and more testing in-house and especially 
chains will try to consolidate their own volumes. 
Now despite all their efforts, still a fair amount gets outsourced from their hospitals because 
doctors sometimes don't want a hospital a pathology. They want another expert pathology player 
like us or somebody else. And therefore, still some amount of revenue will get outsourced -- 
testing will get outsourced. 
But that is not our key focus anyway. Our key focus is 85% to 90% of the hospitals and other 
labs that will outsource the specialized test to us who do not have the capability to do this 
themselves. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Understood. And one final question on the Tier 3 market. I mean the growth is phenomenally 
strong in that market. The strategy of venturing and expanding in these cities is clearly playing 
out as we can see in numbers. Just wanted to understand we are also seeing on the wider health 
care penetration side in Tier 2 and Tier 3, especially when I look at hospitals, not just the top 10, 
but beyond that as well, they're also generating decent ROCEs now in these markets, which was 
the biggest pain point for the overall sector until now. 
So do you see a correlation between more hospitals being set up in Tier 2, Tier 3 that driving 
your pickup as well in these markets as you are venting in many of these cities? Any case studies, 
any correlation that you are able to track or understand in these markets? 
Ameera Shah: 
I'll just comment on the broader pattern and Suren can comment on the specifics. Just on the 
broader pattern, what we've seen for the last 5, 7 years or maybe a little bit more than that, 
actually 8, 9 years, is that doctors who used to come to metro markets to come and study, let's 
say, oncology or gastroenterology and would stay back in metros and jobs in the corporate 
hospitals, started actually migrating back to their hometowns and setting up their own hospitals 
or their own practices in specialty care in their small cities. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
Page 14 of 20 
 
And we started seeing this sort of reverse movement, which is why Metropolis then proceeded 
to say, look, we need to expand our labs into these cities because the specialist doctors are going 
back into small towns, it's only a matter of time that those diagnostics will be required there. 
And that's the reason we went on an aggressive last 4 years lab expansion spree in these markets. 
It's like you're saying it's paying off for us. 
We are now seeing hospitals coming up in these smaller markets as well, and that is increasing 
volume because the minute you have treatment and therapy be done in a local place, 
automatically, the diagnostics for that will increase because more of those diseases and 
symptoms are getting diagnosed and then treated. So we believe this trend will continue for the 
next at least 2 decades where you'll continue to see sort of strong access to health care in Tier 3, 
Tier 4 markets, and that will bring about good volumes for diagnostics. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Nikhil, does that answer your question? 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Yes. Can I just squeeze in one last, please? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Yes. So the bundled testing TruHealth and Tier 3 markets, at a very broad level, now quite a few 
quarters have passed since you have been seeing traction in both these segments. Now if things 
have stabilized, what is the impact of these 2 segments on gross margin and EBITDA margin 
for the company? Are they accretive at both these line items, accretive at dilutive at gross margin, 
accretive at EBITDA margin? Any broad thought you can share on this? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Largely, the TruHealth packages, the wellness packages largely in line with the company's 
margins, right? It's not any dilutive at all, right? And as we -- if we are able to add more tests 
per patient, then it will be good in terms of revenue -- I mean EBITDA, it will be improving 
because you don't have to go back and take the samples one more time and you don't have to 
service it one more time. 
So we'll keep focused on increasing the number of tests per patient. That will really help us in 
terms of improving the margins. But otherwise, neither specialty nor the TruHealth packages are 
diluting the margins. So in a steady state, it is only going to help us with the overall margin for 
the company. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
And sir, Tier 3 market? 
Ameera Shah: 
Yes, I just want to make one comment on the Tier 3 market. See, frankly, if you look at 
Metropolis' strategy currently and in the past, we focused a lot on the Tier 1 markets and then 
we started expanding our labs, like we said in the last 4 years in Tier 3, Tier 4. And while that is 
giving us revenues, actually, it's giving us revenue, but without having a very robust sort of 
franchise network partnership, which operates very well. 
And that continues to be an opportunity for us, which I see will play out in the next few years. 
So I think the kind of franchise model structure that we are building now, the kind of 
engagement, the kind of marketing support, all of that, we believe will start boosting the 
revenues from the franchise network. So not only will the productivity of the existing franchise 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
Page 15 of 20 
 
network increase, but the numbers of the network should also increase quite significantly in the 
time to come. 
And all of this will add benefit at the bottom line. So if we are able to get that model really 
running very well, streamlined and tight like we're intending to do, we believe that it should be 
over now.. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rishi Mody from Marcellus Investment Manager. 
Rishi Mody: 
So Ameera, my first question is on the 3 out of the 5 initiatives that you mentioned that you're 
going to focus on. First is the wellness package. Second is the foray into adjacencies. And third 
is the digital initiatives to drive productivity and customer engagement. So if you could just give 
some more details on what exactly are you all doing for each of these initiatives, that would be 
helpful. 
Ameera Shah: 
Sorry, could you repeat which 3? You said one was the customer. 
Rishi Mody: 
The wellness one, the adjacencies one and then the digital initiatives one. 
Ameera Shah: 
Okay. I'll ask Suren to take the one around the wellness and the digital, and I'll come in for the 
adjacencies. 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Yes. So see, what we are doing is on the wellness side, we have actually curated all the packages, 
which is going to give good benefits in terms of science as well as commercial for all the 
consumers. We're now doing it for the last 3 quarters, all the wellness package has been 
absolutely upgraded and it become very, very specific to the consumer segments. And now we 
are also driving it through multiple channels, omni-channels. One is, of course, on all the centers 
-- all the centers that we have. 
We are actually trained all our phlebotomists in the center to provide good advice to the 
consumer who walk in about the best package that suit him. We've also recently launched 
something called recommendation engine, which is when the patient walks into a center with a 
proper algorithm that's been used on the back end, the phlebotomist will be able to recommend 
to the patient about what is the next best test that he or she can actually do. 
So one on the center -- the physical centers that we have. And second one is on all the digital 
platform, whether it's an app or website, everywhere when the consumer goes, he will be able to 
really navigate himself and figure out what is the best solution that he'll be able to get in. But we 
have actually powered all these digital engines, which is website and app, etcetera, in the last 
few quarters. So we are able to see much better traction. 
And the third one is about the customer data platform that we have, the consumer base that we 
have. So we are able to engage with our existing customer in a much more programmed way 
using much better science, and we are able to tell them and remind them at the appropriate time 
about what kind of the next action that they will be wanting to take. 
So the omnichannel presence, which is helping us to engage with the consumer, and we are able 
to see a very good traction on the customer life cycle management. So these are the initiatives 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
Page 16 of 20 
 
we have taken to get the wellness portfolio right. I mean that's the -- what was the next point you 
said? One is on the wellness and...? 
Rishi Mody: 
On the digital initiatives to drive productivity  
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Yes, not only about digital, the website, the website and our app and also our customer data 
platform, all this is part of the digital initiative that we have. And we also recently launched 
something called the recommendation engine, which will be able to advise the customer about 
the next best action that he can take. So a combination of all this with a good execution focus, 
we are able to get the traction to the tune of 23%, 25% on this portfolio. 
Rishi Mody: 
Sure. That's helpful on the front-end piece. On the back end, anything for cost optimization 
where digital is helping you all? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Yes. See, today, 20% of the revenues are coming on the digital -- from the digital channels that 
we have. And digital channels, of course, doesn't carry any what you call franchisee margins or 
anything other than the overall IT operational cost. So that's definitely we are getting much better 
margin on the as the digital -- digital portfolio grows, we'll get much better margins. And also 
the consumer experience get that much far superior. 
Rishi Mody: 
Okay. All right. Got it. And where do you think your wellness as a contribution will settle in? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: I said that wellness, I will put it at 2 health together, which is illness and wellness bundles 
together. Today is at 16% of my total revenue. So we are driving this towards the first milestone 
we are wanting to cross is 20% in the next few quarters. 
Rishi Mody: 
Okay. Got it. Ameera, if you could just give on the adjacencies, please. 
Ameera Shah: 
See, out of probably all the diagnostic chains that are in India, there's something very unique 
about Metropolis, which is that majority of the other guys are running all their operations through 
franchise network. Metropolis also does that in terms of collection centers, but we have about 
500-odd collection centers that we actually own and operate ourselves. And one of the goals 
we've been thinking about is how do you make yourselves more and more relevant to the patient. 
Pathology is one part of their entire care paradigm, but they also need other services. So in line 
with that, we are saying how can we make these 500-odd centers more and more holistic in the 
experience they provide. So initially, we added basic radiology, talking about the adjacencies in 
all of these -- so many of these centers. Second of all, we're also experimenting with 
consultations and other models that we can provide to consumers as well. 
So I think our idea will be how holistic care we can provide in these 500 centers. And at this 
point, we're just piloting, trying different models that could work. And as these work -- if they 
work well for us, then obviously, we'll continue to expand them. So the inorganic growth will 
obviously be very focused on pathology and acquiring pathology. And organically, we will then 
continue to foray into these adjacencies in our own centers, which are owned and operated by 
us. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Rishi Mody: 
All right. Second, Ameera, you guided for 26% to 27% EBITDA margin over the next 2, 3 
quarters. Is this pre-Ind AS 116 or post-Ind AS 116? Like does it include lease cost? Or does it 
exclude lease cost? 
Aditya Shinde: 
Yes, I'll take that. 
Ameera Shah: 
Yes, go ahead. 
Aditya Shinde: 
Sorry. So this is blended. This is after the Ind AS lease liability has been pushed below the 
EBITDA margin. So that's what the guidance is. Whatever you're telling is after the Ind AS, the 
proper reported audited EBITDA margin guidance. 
Rishi Mody: 
Okay. So Ameera, if I just look at the Ind AS impact, right, it's typically about 250 bps difference 
that gets flown into the post EBITDA line items. And if I look at your numbers pre-COVID, 
right, you all were doing about 27%, 28% EBITDA margins, which included the rental expense. 
So ideally, if you all revert back to that, you all should be 30% plus reported EBITDA margins. 
So I'm just trying to understand, is there something which has changed, which is not allowing 
us to go to those levels? Or if you could just give some understanding there? 
Ameera Shah: 
So firstly, pre-COVID, the numbers were not 27%, 28%, they were 26%. So that's the first thing. 
The second thing is that we have to remember that while Ind AS changes happened, there are 
also many other changes that have happened. For example, GST came in. Now while we are 
GST exempt as an industry, which means we cannot collect GST from the customer, we don't 
get any of the reverse benefit, which means all our costs, we have a GST impact. 
So finally, if you look at the GST cost as a percentage of revenue, it's actually closer to 4%. 
That's number one. Number two, you have to remember that our materials and all the sort of 
chemicals that we use for testing are largely imported which are usually from the U.S., Europe, 
Japan, and there has been a tremendous rupee depreciation in the last 7, 8 years in the country. 
And that is the other aspect to it. 
But still, if you look overall, our margins have remained despite the GST impact, despite the 
dollar fluctuation, despite that, the margins have actually remained stable and will continue to 
expand, primarily because of 2 things. People talk a lot about economies of scale in our industry. 
But what they forget is that it's not only about economies of scale, but it's about the right quality 
of business.  
It's about making sure you're actually getting business from good quality customers who are 
willing to pay. And I think the metrics of our business have been very strong from that angle, 
and which is why we believe the unit economics are strong and it will keep growing. 
Rishi Mody: 
Okay. I'm just trying to understand here, right? So all these dollar depreciation issues used to be 
there pre FY '19. I understand the volatility is higher and all of that. But over the longer term, 
right, do you think we'll be able to get to those levels of, say, 28%, 29% reported EBITDA 
margins? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Ameera Shah: 
See, I mean, honestly, it's always a question of strategy for every business, right? I mean if you're 
asking me inherently, does the business have the capability to keep expanding margins? The 
answer is yes. Does Metropolis have the ability to keep moving towards 28%, 29%? Yes. But 
the question is about choices and what we're wanting to do. I mean, do we want really as 
shareholders to keep maximizing margins? 
Or should we keep reinvesting back in the business of growth? So I think till the time that we 
believe that, look, margins are there and they can keep expanding, but we want to keep 
reinvesting in the business. I think we'll -- it will be safer to say that the margins will continue 
around 26%, 27%. They will be there inherently any time we want to pull, turn a knob and 
release further margin we can. 
But I believe that the next few years will continue to need investments from the company more 
than anything because we want to be also one of the fastest-growing players from a revenue 
growth perspective with good quality business. So I think it's about choices, and I think it will 
be a good balance for us to maximize revenue growth and still maintain good margins. 
Rishi Mody: 
All right. So 26%, 27% EBITDA margin and mid-teens growth is what I think we are 
comfortable with. 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Yes, that's right. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pranav Chawla from Antique Stockbroking. 
Pranav Chawla: 
Congratulations on a good set of results. Ma'am, what would be our regional split between North, 
South, East, West for the quarter? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Sorry, what is the regional? 
Pranav Chawla: 
Regional mix between North, South, East, West for the quarter? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: So exact numbers on regional split, I think we will come back to you on the exact split of the 
region-wise, but the trends are in line with the post -- just a minute, I think I can get some 
number. 
Pranav Chawla: 
Sure. And have we done -- have we added a focus city in this current quarter? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Yes. 
Pranav Chawla: 
Because I think that number has inched up significantly. 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Okay. Let me come to your first question. I think our -- West is around half of our total business 
and then about 25%, 26% is coming from the South and the remaining is from the North and 
East. That's the contribution from the region-wise, if you ask me. And what you said focus cities, 
we will not change the focus cities. Focus cities remain the same, Pune, Bangalore, Mumbai, 
Chennai and Surat, the 5 focus cities. And we are growing 10% on the focus cities in the last 
quarter year-on-year basis. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Pranav Chawla: 
Okay. So sir, in the South region, I think our growth has been pretty muted. If I see our base 
numbers, we have broadly seen a flattish sort of a number. Anything particular that you would 
like to highlight over this muted growth? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: So in South also, we have had a couple of institutional businesses, which we have to take a call 
and we have to disengage with. That's one of the reasons. And going forward, we'll keep seeing 
South also coming and joining the party in terms of the overall growth. 
Pranav Chawla: 
So can you highlight what is the quantum of institutional business in the base year or the quarter 
so that we get a clearer idea? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: I think when we started the year, it was close to around 10%. And then at the end of the quarter 
2, I think we are about 7%, 8%. 
Pranav Chawla: 
Okay. And lastly, what would be the impact from these new centers on our margins as of now? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: So I think we said about 1.2% EBITDA is what it can be rolled as a result of all the new centers 
and new labs, right? And we -- like we mentioned, we will -- our mega lab expansion will largely 
end this year by the time we end this year. And next year onwards, we'll only have a handful of 
labs getting added. But the center addition will continue to happen, but we largely focus on out 
of the 500 centers get added, roughly 400 centers gets added through the franchisee route, about 
100 centers gets added our own centers. 
So not too much of a dilution on the center specifically, but a little bit less. So 1.2% is the total 
impact of the new labs and the new centers put together. And in the next couple of years' time, 
this will start settling. 
Pranav Chawla: 
So sir, if I see correctly, our major lab addition has happened in FY '22, that is around we have 
added 20, 25-odd centers in FY '22 and the next big tranche was in FY '24. Has the FY '22 
tranche is margin positive as of now? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Yes. So typically, it takes about 2 years plus to get to margin positive. In year 1, normally, we 
find a minus 10% kind of an EBITDA in the new labs. And the year 2, we normally see it coming 
to a little bit positive single-digit positive. And the year 3 onwards, 30th month onwards, we 
start seeing coming closer to the company margins. But this also has got different split. 
Geography-wise, this could be different. 
And West and South, this could be much lesser time and North and East could be a little longer 
time. So on an average basis, what I'm telling you. So yes, '23, we added around 14 labs and '24, 
we added about 24 labs. And this year, so far, we added 17 labs and a little bit of lab 
consolidation at the same time. 
Pranav Chawla: 
So currently, only probably our lab addition in FY '24 and '25 would be weighing on our 
profitability, most likely? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: So, 2 things actually get tied up because we said we want to move from 700 to 1,000 towns. So 
we have just created a plan that how many labs we require to service the 1,000 towns. And that 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2024 
Page 20 of 20 
 
by the end of this year, largely we would have met those objectives and may be left with maybe 
a few more labs or 8 to 10 more labs, which we will take up in the coming year. 
So by the time we exit this year, our focus on 1,000 cities in terms of expansion and those being 
serviced by the labs that we have will actually be done with. That's the reason we are confidently 
saying that our strategy on lab addition and strategy on network expansion are going together. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Ameera Shah: 
Thank you, everybody, for joining us today. It's been a pleasure to chat with you as always. We 
obviously feel very positive about the business. We've seen a good growth over the last many 
quarters. We've seen operational efficiency run through as well. And more importantly, the brand 
of Metropolis is getting broader, wider, not only in the existing markets in which we are strong, 
we are getting much deeper. 
But we are also getting -- going into many new markets and creating access to patients and health 
care and building our brand amongst new doctors all over. We believe that a lot of the 
investments that we've made in the last 3, 4 years, whether it is on technology, on labs, on people, 
on management will continue to play through for us in the years to come. 
We believe not only will Metropolis be able to accomplish good organic growth and operating 
leverage with it. But our M&A strategy will also play out well for us. And just to remind 
everyone, we have done a large amount of M&A, about 20-odd deals in -- over the last 20 years. 
And we have been able to very successfully integrate all our acquisitions and get value from 
them. 
The key is, like we said, is to make sure that the payment date is not -- is fair. And once we have 
made the fair payment and valuation for these businesses, then it is really up to our team to 
execute and to drive a good ROI from it. So we're excited. We believe there's a long runway for 
growth from both these levers. 
And we, as a team, will obviously continue to work very hard and be very focused in our attempt 
to be able to deliver the right value for the organization and to all the shareholders. Thanks, 
everyone, and talk to you next quarter. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of BNP Paribas Exane Research, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
