ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 
Allcargo House, 6th Floor, CST Road, Kalina, Santacruz (E), Mumbai - 400 098. Maharashtra. India. 
T: +91 22 6679 8110 | www.allcargologisƟcs.com | CIN: L63010MH2004PLC073508 | GSTN: 27AACCA2894D1ZS 
e-mail id: investor.relations@allcargologistics.com
November 21, 2024 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 532749 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: ALLCARGO 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2024 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulations 30(6) read with Schedule III and 46 of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please 
find enclosed herewith transcript of earnings conference call held on Thursday, November 
14, 2024, for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024. 
The transcript of recording can also be accessed on the Company's website, from the below 
link: https://www.allcargologistics.com/datafiles/cmsinvestor/rhom66324.pdf 
We request you to take the above on record. 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
For Allcargo Logistics Limited 
Devanand Mojidra 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A14644 
Encl: a/a 
DEVANAND 
PARSHOTTA
M MOJIDRA
Digitally signed by 
DEVANAND 
PARSHOTTAM 
MOJIDRA 
Date: 2024.11.21 
17:38:03 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Allcargo Logistics Limited Q2 & H1 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVI JAKHAR – GROUP CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER, 
ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAL SHAH – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SHAILESH RAJA – BATLIVALA & KARANI SECURITIES 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Allcargo Logistics Q2 & H1 FY ‘25 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by B&K Securities.  
 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on your touch tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
This conference may contain forward-looking statements about the Company, which are based on 
the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the Company on date of this call. These statements do not 
guarantee the future performance of the Company, and it may involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shailesh Raja from B&K Securities. Thank you. And over 
to you, Sir. 
Shailesh Raja: 
Yes. Thank you, Shlok. Good afternoon to all. On behalf of B&K Securities, I would like to 
welcome you all to the Allcargo Logistics’ 2Q FY ‘25 earnings call. 
 
From the management side, we will be hearing from Mr. Ravi Jakhar, Group Chief Strategy Officer 
and Mr. Deepal Shah, Group CFO.  
 
Without taking much time, I will hand over the call to Mr. Ravi for the initial remarks. And post 
which we will open up for the Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes. Thanks, Shailesh. It's a pleasure to be on this call and talking to everyone.  
 
The 2nd Quarter for the Financial Year ‘25 has been quite an eventful quarter in many ways. And 
I would give a bit of a perspective on what's happening across each of the businesses and then I 
will invite my colleague, Deepal, to take you through the “Financial Highlights” and talk about 
the key numbers.  
 
But basically, if you look at, there are three businesses that we have been operating, the 
international supply chain, and the domestic supply chain which comprises express and contract 
logistics business. On the international supply chain business, we have had the most challenging 
few quarters until recently. I would say this was possibly the bottom which could be over the last 
two decades, perhaps only a couple of such instances have happened in terms of the market 
environment that we faced.  
 
And I am really glad that we have been resilient, and we have been able to come out well off this 
period. And when we look at some of our competition and industry benchmarks, we see that there 
have been immense challenges in maintaining profitability. However, we have done much better. 
And that has primarily been driven by being very proactive on cost reduction initiative, on 
technology initiatives, and constant service delivery to the customers which has allowed us to 
maintain and grow the market share. And that has really helped us through tough periods.  

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
Now, as we look forward, we have seen the beginning of the better times. As we have been 
reporting on a monthly basis and also for the quarter, we have seen improved volumes over the 
last quarter as well as over the last year. And with the global economic environment improving, 
we could potentially see the trend to follow. There are of course several geopolitical events 
happening around us and they would shape the future of world trade. But prima facie, we believe 
that global trade will only continue to strengthen from here.  
 
And from a Company perspective, we have a very, very sharp regional focus and a unique strategy 
for each region. We have in the past been talking about growing our presence in Latin America 
where we have been historically having limited market share. And I am glad that this was the 
quarter where we actually took significant initiatives. So, between July to September this quarter 
we onboarded an entire new team in Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay, which will add to the 
business in the region. It is already doing well in the first two months of operations, having grown 
the business significantly, almost doubling the business in two months itself.  
 
Also this is the quarter when we finalized our joint ventures in Colombia and Ecuador, which will 
bring in local expertise. And combining with the global network, we expect these markets to also 
grow faster. And this faster growth in new products and volumes would lead to impact on the 
financial performance as well as in these countries, particularly considering that at this point in 
time Colombia and Ecuador combined were not contributing anything on the bottom line. This 
partnership would lead to that scenario changing. We have more initiatives to be taken, but I am 
glad that six important markets in Latin America were acted upon with strategic initiatives in this 
quarter.  
 
When we look at European markets where we have historically enjoyed market leadership for a 
long period of time, particularly in Western Europe and Northern Europe. We saw a continued 
strong performance in Northern Europe in UK and France, and Scandinavia region as well which 
has bounced back well. The larger part of Europe still remains a bit challenging because the 
economic environment is still subdued. And it might take another six months before the economic 
environment starts to improve. And we would see how the Russia Ukraine conflict plays out with 
the changed geopolitical dynamics. And that could potentially lead to the revival of European 
trade. 
 
Meanwhile, what we are trying to do is we recognize that Europe in particular is a high cost 
environment and we are trying to standardize the operating processes further. And we had spoken 
in the last quarter about our outsourcing from US into Mexico, and we are looking at how we could 
centralize some of the core operations in Europe and move them into a low cost near shore country, 
not very far off so that the time zones could be managed.  
 
So, that should be our strategy to improve profit margins in Europe, since as far as the core business 
is concerned. In this region, we do not see very high growth rates what we could potentially see in 
Asia, Latin America, Middle East, or to an extent US and China, where our market shares are 
relatively smaller.  

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
Closer to home in India, all the businesses have done fantastic and both LCL and FCL continue to 
grow steadily. And we maintain our market leadership by far in the LCL business and we are 
climbing up in the FCL business significantly as well now comparing with the top three in India. 
 
On the Asian side, we recognize that there could be changes with the dynamics of US-China trade 
changing. But we have seen that in the past as well, about five years ago, or five and  a half years 
ago we had seen that there were tariffs and sanctions and certain initiatives being implemented. 
And that had led to an increased trade from China to Vietnam. We were seeing imports into 
Vietnam office growing and also exports out of Vietnam into US. So, we believe that structurally 
trade flows will continue. The trade lanes can change, but as a Company we are well present across 
the world and that should work out well for us.  
 
Today, when we look at the competitive landscape, there is nobody close to our entity ECU 
Worldwide from a technology and network perspective, and that's something which should 
continue to create the flywheel of success wherein these capabilities lead to higher volume and 
market share. Higher volume and market share continue to keep us more competitive, and we 
continue to drive growth. So, as the economic environment is now starting to improve and we 
remain hopeful of a better environment in the calendar year 2025, I think that business is well 
placed to continue to show momentum and growth.  
 
On the second business which is express, we are now already at par with the best in the industry 
as far as the cost of operations is concerned. We have recently announced a general price increase 
which will align us to improve the revenues and therefore improve the profit margins. And lot of 
the turnaround work which was done over the years is now concluded on the operational side. And 
we have had some great leaders joining the business to drive commercial operations. And we 
remain very confident of express business, which has constantly shown significant improvement 
in EBITDA over the last three quarters if we compare the December quarter versus the September 
quarter. That progress is already visible, and the impact can be seen.  
 
The third business of contract logistics. In that business we built on a legacy chemical contract 
logistics business and expanded into new horizons, new domains. And today when we look at the 
split of business, we are very pleased to note that despite continued growth, chemical logistics 
today comprises only 23% of our business, which means that Company has been successful in 
expanding its business into new domains, auto and engineering which is now as big as the chemical 
in terms of the total revenue mix. And the largest section for us now is our e-commerce business.  
 
And this is the business which is a high growth business. And at the same time, we have not 
compromised on profitability. So, this is business wherein largely at any customer level at any 
location level, we remain positive. We are investing in the capacity, which means that historically 
our white space was possibly in the range of 3% to 4% now that is 10% to 11%, but that is required 
as we drive growth and movement. But in terms of businesses, it is aligned with the fast flow 
industries.  

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
Today, we manage significant capacities in warehouses and dark stores for some of the fastest 
growing quick commerce companies. And we are also working for various e-commerce 
companies. So, this is a business which is now aligned very well to the growing e-commerce 
markets, while remaining strong foot in chemical business where we retain the market leadership 
in India and a rapid growth in northern region as well. So, this is a business which has seen 
considerable growth.  
 
If you look at the performance on a quarterly basis, we have grown from a revenue of about Rs. 
76 crores to Rs. 111 crores year-on-year, which is a significant growth. And we believe that this 
momentum can continue for the next few years because the opportunities are significant to expand 
the contract logistics business footprint, particularly in e-commerce, auto, engineering and other 
industries that we are now expanding into.  
 
So, on an overall basis, if I look at various businesses, the management is confident that we are 
well placed vis-à-vis competitive landscape. We believe that the market environment is either good 
in Indian businesses or significantly improving in the global business. And we believe that our 
investments in technology and focus on cost reduction, operating cost in case of the Gati business 
and SG&A cost in case of ECU worldwide, the international business, should work well for us.  
 
On the corporate side, we are also glad that this quarter has seen movement in our restructuring 
scheme, for which we received the no objection from the exchanges. And the scheme has now 
been filed with NCLT. So, we believe that we would conclude the process in the estimated 
timelines. And by April 2025 we should have the international domestic businesses demerged and 
listed separately.  
 
So, that is the broad summary. I would now request my colleague, Deepal, to take you through the 
financial highlights. And we would then open the floor for questions. Thank you. Over to you, 
Deepal. 
Deepal Shah: 
Thank you, Ravi. I will now discuss the performance for Q2 FY ‘25.  
 
The consolidated revenue for Q2 FY ‘25 stood at Rs. 4,301 crores as compared to Rs. 3,307 crores 
for Q2 FY ’24, representing a growth of 30%. For the Q1 FY ‘25, the revenue stood at Rs. 3,813 
crores. The consolidated operating EBITA for Q2 FY ‘25 stood at Rs. 135 crores as compared to 
Rs. 118 crores for Q2 FY ’24, representing a growth of 14%. For Q1 FY ‘25, the same stood at 
Rs. 133 crores. The Company has reported a profit after tax of Rs. 38 crores during the quarter, 
representing a growth of over 130% as compared to the same period last year. The consolidated 
net debt for the quarter ended September ‘24 stood at Rs. 553 crores. The net debt has gone up 
mainly on account of a working capital increase.  
 
Moving to the segmental performance, I will start by discussing the performance of the 
international supply chain business. The Less-than-Container Load container volume for the 
quarter ended September ‘24 stood at 2.3 million CBM. Depicting a 4% growth over the quarter 
ended September ’23, and 5% over the previous quarter, that is the June quarter 2024. FCL volume 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
for the quarter stood at 164K TEUs, up 7% over the same period last year and 5% over the quarter 
ended June ‘24.  
 
Air volume for the quarter ended September ‘24 stood at 2.65 million kilograms. This represents 
a growth of 14% as compared to last year. And a marginal decline of 4% as compared to the last 
quarter. Volume growth was witnessed during the quarter on the back of improved global trade 
and Company’s growth initiatives. A seasonal decline was experienced across regions towards the 
end of the quarter. For Q2 FY ‘25, the ISC business reported a revenue of Rs. 3,770 crores, 
representing a growth of 35% as compared to the same period last year. For the previous quarter, 
ISC segment revenue stood at Rs. 3,320 crores. EBITDA for Q2 FY ‘25 stood at Rs. 79 crores as 
compared to Rs. 65 crores during Q2 FY ‘24, representing a growth of 22%. For Q1 FY ‘25 the 
same stood at Rs. 81 crores.  
 
Moving on to express business, operating under the GSECPL Company. The volumes for Q2 FY 
‘25 stood at 317,000 tonnes as compared to 333,000 tonnes during the same period last year. For 
the quarter reported revenue stood at Rs. 374 crores as compared to Rs. 385 crores in the same 
quarter last year. The EBITDA for the quarter ended September 2024 amounted to Rs. 19 crores 
as compared to Rs. 15 crores for the same period last year.  
 
Moving on to the contract logistics business which sits under the Allcargo Supply Chain Company, 
a wholly owned subsidiary of Allcargo Logistics. Contract logistics revenue for Q2 FY ‘25 stood 
at Rs. 111 crores as compared to Rs. 76 crores for the same period last year, representing a growth 
of 45%. For the Q1 FY ‘25, the revenue stood at Rs. 91 crores. The growth has come on back of 
new client additions. EBITDA for Q2 FY ‘25 stood at Rs. 32 crores as compared to Rs. 36 crores 
during Q2 FY ’24. For Q1 FY ‘25 the same stood at Rs. 29 crores.  
 
In line with best disclosure practices, we have been consistently providing other key comparative 
financial performances and operational indicators in our investor presentation, one can refer that 
for more details. 
 
With this, I would like to open the floor for questions and answers, if any. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Radha from Gargi Investments. Please go ahead. 
Radha: 
Sir, my first question is that, in this quarter we have given geography-wise gross profit contribution 
for the international supply chain business. We appreciate the better disclosure efforts of the 
Company. However, can you please help us with the numbers for H2 FY ‘24 as well as first half 
FY ‘24? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes. So, this was requested by several shareholders and analysts and that's why we thought of 
including in this quarter. Because we the information to be distributed equally to everyone and 
therefore we have shared the geographic split. We can possibly share the historic split as well, so 
I will ask the team to take a note of this and add the trends and contributions of regions as well. 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
We will include that going forward. But from a broad directional perspective, I can share the 
comment that historically Europe used to be a significant contributor of gross profits, and in the 
subdued environment we have been finding that Europe has not contributed that well. Within 
Americas, Latin America has remained steady, but the US contribution has gone down, which we 
expect to revive. So, I would believe that Americas and Europe should be growth, so the Americas 
rather should see some growth in percentage because Europe may still not grow at the same rate 
as which other countries would grow. So, I would imagine Europe should remain steady, it would 
remain low compared to what it was last year or two years ago. Americas, with North America 
now improving should increase with the initiatives in Latin America as well. 
Radha: 
The second question is that, in this first half you can see that the short term debt in the quarter is 
Rs. 1,200 crores, which is the highest it has ever been. If I see the numbers on a full year basis, it 
is even higher than the full year FY ‘22 levels wherein trade rates were all-time high. Sir, just want 
to know why have the short term debt increased? And by the year end what would be your net debt 
target? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes, Deepal, if you could comment on the short-term debt and provide a perspective on how it is. 
Deepal Shah: 
So, you mentioned that the short-term debt has gone up to Rs. 1,200 crores, that is not correct. The 
gross debt is Rs. 1,362 crores, short term debt is around only Rs. 850 crores out of it, or Rs. 495 
crores is long term debt. So, I do not know where you got the Rs. 1,200 crores of short-term debt 
number. Secondly, yes, like we mentioned, I did mention in my speech that there were freight rates 
which had gone up, for which some additional working capital was used. So, these are temporary, 
these kind of go back-to-back with the freight rates. So, once the freight rates go down, the working 
capital debt will also deflate. And that's all what we had seen also through ’21-‘22 where short 
term debt had gone up for working capital, and then towards the end of ‘23 it had again deflated. 
So, the freight rates are cyclical in nature and the short-term debt kind of apes that from an amount 
perspective. Yes, Ravi, sorry, go back. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes, just to add, directionally we should see this net debt number going down towards the end of 
the year. Broadly, my personal estimate would be around 20% lower than where we sit today. 
Deepal Shah: 
Yes, Ravi, we are seeing some freight rates also kind of come down a little in some of the trade 
lanes. So, yes, you are right, it can possibly go down. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes. And the cash and in the business will also bring this down with some money further to come 
with the non-core asset disposals.  
Deepal Shah: 
Yes, that's right. 
Radha: 
Sir, regarding the non-core asset disposal, so the stake in HORCL we are selling, I think about Rs. 
115 crores, so how would you utilize the amount you get from there? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
I think you are asking the impact on HORCL, though I could not hear your question completely 
clearly. 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Radha: 
Sir, the capital allocation plan for the money that you received from stake sale in HORCL. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, as you are aware, all the businesses are asset light and do not require any significant capital. 
So, we have been using capital to retire debt or to provide dividends to the shareholders. And the 
Company has maintained distribution of cash flows by way of dividend, as you would have seen 
in the quarter gone by as well. There are no significant Capex plans. Even on the expansion one 
significant change which has happened, I would say, in a way in our strategy is that we are now 
investing in people in a way rather than acquiring companies. And therefore, some of those 
investments also in a way flow through the P&L.  
 
So, what I mean to say is, for instance, instead of acquiring a Company we have now onboarded 
this entire team. I was talking about an example in Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay, this certainly 
means that in the first couple of months, entire SG&A goes out without any business. And then as 
the business starts to come in, it is still a buildup phase. But that is the kind of investment which 
you are putting in to drive the business growth, but that flows through the P&L itself because all 
those investments are now in staff cost and expenses as compared to acquiring any Company. So, 
therefore, from a Capex point of view there's no significant Capex beyond the ordinary Capex that 
we have been doing, from a layout perspective. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Sunny Gosar from MK Ventures.  
Sunny Gosar: 
My first question is regarding your international supply chain business. So, basically this quarter 
saw a good bounce back in terms of volume performance and also the corresponding improvement 
in the gross profit. However, the flow through to EBITDA could not be seen and it looks like that 
part of that impact is from the acquisition maybe that you have done in Latin America or South 
America. So, is it possible to give some perspective in terms of how much negative drag on 
EBITDA was there from the acquisition? And what we could also see from the P&L is that your 
employee cost has increased by Rs. 32 crores on a Q-o-Q basis, so is this relating to that 
acquisition? Any perspective on this would be really helpful. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes. So, the increase in staff cost is primarily driven by, one, like you rightly mentioned, 
onboarding new people such as about 30-plus people in the Argentina region that I mentioned 
about, and a few more people in other geographies as well which have been onboarded for growth. 
The second impact is, a lot of countries have July to June cycles wherein the bonuses are paid in 
the July to September quarter, so that is the second contributor as well. And the third is, there have 
been also one-off severance cost. So, we have had the severance cost in letting go people. I am not 
able to exactly quantify how much was this quarter, but over the last two quarters the severance 
cost of key leadership changes that we have done itself should be in the magnitude of over $2 
million, so we are talking about roughly about Rs. 18 crores, Rs. 20 crores kind of an impact 
distributed over the last couple of quarters on these severance cost paid as well. So, these are some 
of the costs which are reflecting in the increased staff cost.  
 
Having said that, like I mentioned earlier, there's a very sharp focus to retain these costs at the 
optimal level, and that's where we are looking at outsourcing centralization of European 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
operations. And we have already rolled out the financial system, which was required to centralized 
finance, but that is something which we concluded recently across key markets and now we are 
already working on a program to bring down the finance cost by way of outsourcing some of the 
finance staff as well. So, our intent is to not allow the staff cost to grow. Whatever investments we 
need to make for growth would be counter-acted upon by reduction in staff cost by way of 
outsourcing or tech automations, etc. That's the broad strategy at our end, so that whatever growth 
we can achieve in volumes and gross profits can flow down through EBITDA. But there would be 
time delays in account of the impact of cost saving actions versus investments that we put in. 
Sunny Gosar: 
Sir, two questions relating to this. Is the severance cost largely behind? Or could there be more in 
the coming quarters as well? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, I would say, we could have more severance cost, but what we would do is we would provide, 
perhaps going forward, specific carve out on the severance cost number. And the way we look at 
the severance cost is, it's not a liability but an investment. I will explain what I mean by that. So, 
if we have a situation wherein we have been able to drive tech automation or we believe that the 
business can be made more efficient, for whatever reason we can reduce the headcount in a 
particular country. And as you would know, in Europe and Latin America and some of these 
countries, the severance cost could be significant, particularly for long serving employees.  
 
But the way we look at this is, even if we are paying six months to 12 months to even say 18 
months in some cases worth of payments for severance, it is almost like an investment which pays 
back within six to 18 months and therefore is a great investment. So, we would continue to reduce 
headcount wherever possible. It's not a replacement of cost, but it is an actual saving and there 
could be a six, 12, 18 months' timeline which could be there, but that's the investment we need to 
make to make the Company more efficient in the long run. But like I mentioned, next quarter 
onwards we will carve out the severance cost to provide clarity on that. 
Deepal Shah: 
And just to add, Ravi, the severance cost is $1 million for this quarter, almost $1 million, exact 
number. 
Sunny Gosar: 
And basically, going forward, how should we look at the fixed cost on a quarterly basis? So, the 
base is somewhere around, for the international supply chain business is about Rs. 600 crores to 
Rs. 610 crores. So, is this for at least the next few quarters kind of a peak number? And any 
improvement in gross profit from here on will flow through to the EBITDA or there could be some 
more additions to the fixed cost in the next few quarters? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, like I said, there would be no additions to fixed cost, but it is almost like the intent is to keep 
them in equilibrium so that the gross profit can flow down. The negative impact would be, in terms 
of from a cost perspective would be the investments in people. The second would be severance 
costs in restructuring. And the third negative impact would be appraisals and linked payroll 
improvements for people, which means higher cost for the Company. The way to offset that is 
outsourcing tech automation and business that comes from investments in people. So, that is how 
I would see that the intent would be to not allow the cost to grow at a higher percentage. Intent 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
would be to control it to the similar base levels. And therefore, the gross profits will flow down. 
But there could be gap of a quarter here or there in terms of how it plays out. 
Sunny Gosar: 
And one last question before I get back to the queue. So, you mentioned about non-core asset 
monetization and the sale of one asset which realizes about Rs. 100 crores, Rs. 110 crores. So, are 
there some identified pool of non-core assets and is it possible to quantify assuming that they get 
liquidated over the coming quarters, what could be the quantum of non-core asset realization?  
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, across Allcargo, on a consolidated basis, which includes Allcargo and Gati as well, broadly 
there could be non-core cash flows coming into the extent of Rs. 75 crores to Rs. 100 crores, that's 
the broad estimate. 
Sunny Gosar: 
That's helpful. And I must appreciate that the level of disclosures has improved significantly over 
the last many quarters, and I hope it keeps improving going forward because it helps us to 
understand the business much better. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
The way we would continue to work on that is, if we see a request from one or two persons, we 
try to answer them on the call or during the meetings. If we see the same request from more than 
five or six key people, we will include that in the presentation and we will continue to do that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajesh Agarwal from Moneyore. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
When and how do we get an operating leverage in terms of EBITDA going down to the bottom 
line? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Across each business the operating leverage is going to play out more on the international business 
and the express business. Contract logistics is more of a similar margin profile to continue. On the 
express business, like I mentioned, the staff cost, and the G&A cost is already accounted for in 
terms of the future growth, and therefore we do not need to invest further in that. And therefore, 
the increased gross margin and the revenue is leading to operating leverage. So, if you see the last 
three quarters, it has consistently played out and we have seen improved EBITDA over the last 
two, three quarters. And this would continue as we increase the volumes.  
 
We have made a monthly disclosure that October was the highest ever monthly volume for the 
express business, and we feel, that trend should continue. And therefore, that should play down to 
the EBITDA. So, we are talking about impact already being visible. As far as the international 
business is concerned, we have seen in the past in better markets how the staff cost and the fixed 
cost remain consistent, while the improvements in gross profit have flowed down to the bottom 
line. Last few quarters were bad, we have only seen the recovery in the last two quarters beginning. 
And as I was mentioning just in my previous response, the improvements in gross profit here on 
should come down to the bottom line. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
But the improvement will be substantial or what is the time period for that? What is the time period 
we are targeting for? 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Ravi Jakhar: 
I would refrain from a specific guidance. But like I would have mentioned over the last two 
quarters and we have delivered on that guidance is that we would see sequential improvement. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Sir, how do you see, suppose there is a shortage of container in everything so you don’t see the 
tendency of the customers moving more to LCL business, which is a good high margin business 
for us? Are you seeing the changes in that? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, typically the way it operates is, whenever customers have not enough load to fill in the 
container, they operate on the LCL. There are situations wherein if there is lack of availability of 
containers on a particular trade lane, see, when they try to move to LCL we also have to accept the 
booking. If somebody comes in with a 40 cubic meter booking, we generally do not accept that 
booking. Because for our business, the business is profitable when we have three to four cubic 
meter kind of an average shipment size. Because your money that you make on documentation per 
bill of landing etc. is justified that way. So, FCL business can't truly translate into LCL, but yes, 
people ship in smaller loads and therefore the LCL business in such cycles does grow more. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
And sir, last question. So, Trump has come to power now, if the tariff is imposed on China and 
other emerging countries, how do you see the traffic, international cargo moving? And the gross 
profit volumes which we are doing in the USA now, is it for export from US or import to US? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes. So, I am happy to share my personal perspective on it. There's no Company view on what the 
geopolitical environment could shape up. But as far as our US business is concerned, it comprises 
both export and import. As I was mentioning earlier, we believe that any tariff restrictions which 
come in particular to a certain country, those tariff restrictions could lead to diverted tariff flows, 
and we might see more cargo coming in from other countries as compared to China, for instance. 
We have seen that in the past also when such measures were adopted, more cargo was flowing 
through Vietnam, Indonesia and some of the countries near China. From a long term perspective, 
most companies have anyways been diversifying supply chain, so that should work well. In terms 
of any of the manufacturing itself moving into US, we believe that it is not the entire ecosystem 
which would move, any manufacturing would still mean that the raw material components would 
still be coming in. If there was assembling to be done in US, you would still have components 
flowing in. So, we have seen over a period of last three, four decades if you go back, changes in 
manufacturing locations haven't really reduced the trade flow, they have only increased the trade 
flow because your supply chains become more spread out. The only key impact, in the worst case 
scenario for cross-border trade, could be Mexico to US trade. But there is largely road trade and 
we do not participate in that as yet. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarah, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Sarah: 
Sir, if we do a quarter-on-quarter comparison, that is from 2nd Quarter versus the 1st Quarter of 
FY ‘25 for the international supply chain business, the Company had achieved all time quarterly 
volume in 2nd Quarter with 5% volume growth, the product mix was also favorable towards LCL, 
realizations have also gone up 8% quarter-on-quarter, container utilization index has improved 
quarter-on-quarter, 30-feet container usage has improved quarter-on-quarter. So, all dynamics 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
seems favorable for the Company and additionally the Company has done a lot of cost cutting 
measures from the last few quarters. However, the EBIT per TEU has come down 17% quarter-
on-quarter. Please help us understand what has led to this drop. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes. So, two points there. One, let me comment that, yes, there has been a continued improvement 
in utilization in all the sectors. But you are looking at a 12 month trend and we are recovering from 
the lows. We believe that if the trade flows become more robust, we should see continued upward 
movement on utilization and ease. Because utilization is the most critical part that drives the 
fundamental profitability in our business.  
 
And as far as the EBIT is concerned, I would not break it down per TEU, because the LCL and 
FCL business operate on CBM and TEU in a different way. But from an overall perspective, as 
you have seen, the volume, if you compare has gone up 4% quarter-on-quarter, while the gross 
profit has gone up about 7%, 8%, which means that there has been an improved profitability as 
well on the back of comparatively better utilization. However, as I was explaining to you, there 
have been some one-off costs such as $1 million in severance cost and a few other investments in 
people which are also flowing through the P&L, and some bonus payments, etc., leading to higher 
staff cost, and therefore the EBIT numbers coming down. What we anticipate from here on, over 
a longer term perspective, I am talking about say one year out when we look at the same quarter 
next financial year, we should see improved volume and gross profit, while we should 
fundamentally see similar cost levels and therefore that operating leverage should kick in. 
Sarah: 
Sir my next question is, as an investor this Company has so many subsidiaries and associates 
operating in so many geographies, and there is no correlation between freight rates also. So, the 
only way for us to estimate future number is on the basis of your guidance and concalls. Sir, in last 
quarter you had mentioned that there is a lag effect of four to six weeks and hence margins should 
have improved in the 2nd Quarter. However, it has not played out that way. So, sir, why cannot 
we see improved performance in terms of profitability? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes. So, I will take the second question first and then comment on the first one. As far as the 
second part is concerned, the profitability in the business is gross profit per unit of volume of trade 
that we carry. And I was just explaining that the gross profit has grown at a faster and higher 
percentage than the volume growth, which means that there has been an improvement in the gross 
profit per cubic meter in LCL or the gross profit per TEU in the FCL business as well. That's the 
first part. So, there has been an improvement in that. You are only looking at the EBIT, which has 
been paid out by SG&A where we believe, like I mentioned, we should see an improvement on 
the back of improved overall gross profit while retaining the SG&A cost at the same level. 
 
Coming on the first part, as far as various subsidiaries are concerned, these are operating units 
which are required to be established in these countries to conduct business. We cannot operate 
with limited entities across the world. We are present in more than 65 countries in our own offices, 
and therefore these operating units are required. From a structural point of view, as you are aware, 
the scheme of rearrangement is under progress, and that would lead to all the international business 
coming under one entity. And as far as the domestic business is concerned, there is no need to have 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
these subsidiaries because you can operate all the businesses under one operating unit, and 
therefore we would just have one listed entity which would also be the operating entity. So, all 
these subsidies will disappear on the domestic business side, because there's only one country that 
we operate in.  
 
On the international side we have no option but to retain operating entities across the world. In 
terms of following up, I would say that there are multiple factors that you could look at which 
impact our business. You can follow the global economic environment which has the bearing on 
the global trade. As the inventories build up, we see continued increased flow of trade, that has a 
significant impact on the volume side. The impact on the cost side is largely driven by inflation. 
We have several countries in Europe, for example, wherein remunerations have to be increased in 
line with the inflation indices.  
 
So, I would say, the growth in global trade is a common indicator of our business opportunity and 
inflation is somewhat reflection on the cost side. And within these two, we are always trying to 
see how we can compensate for inflation by way of technology and how we can compensate for 
any volatility in the market environment by expanding our market share. So, these are the two 
Company-specific initiatives where we are happy to provide guidance. But on the broader basis, 
you can always follow how global trade is doing and how inflationary trends are being there. And 
there are several container indices available, published by various research agencies, which also 
provide a perspective on the container freight rates and the volumes which are being moved 
through global trade corridors. 
Sarah: 
Sir, that is helpful. But subsidiaries and associates in many geographies are okay, but we haven't 
mentioned or guided same thing in the last quarter, but we will be incurring severance expenses 
for this in the 2nd Quarter or forthcoming quarters. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, like I mentioned, the severance cost decisions are taken based on the restructuring, investment 
decisions that we make, like we have done in Latin America. We have spoken about the severance 
costs in the past as well, I am not sure if it was the quarter, last one or the one before that, because 
we have had such severance costs in the past as well. And like I mentioned, I would like to reiterate 
to ward off any confusion. We would continue to look at staff cost reduction wherever we see it's 
a significant return on investment for us on the back of severance cost, which leads to a reduction 
in SG&A cost. And if the payback is attractive and if you are able to drive that with technology, 
you would continue to do that. And also, like I mentioned earlier, we will provide a separate carve 
out number on that. 
Sarah: 
Sir, my last question, we are hearing from sources that promoter is wanting to sell some stake in 
the Company. Why is he planning to do this, sir? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
I cannot comment upon hearsay and there is no comment that I can provide on that. 
Deepal Shah: 
Yes, we cannot comment on behalf of the promoter. So, I mean, we totally represent the Company 
at the moment. 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Sarah: 
Sir, how is the outlook in terms of demand for the third and 4th Quarter? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
I already answered that we expect the strong demand environment in some of the select countries 
to continue, and Europe may take more than two quarters to revive. But globally, there's a better 
momentum in the market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shivaji Mehta, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Shivaji Mehta: 
Sir, we are seeing a huge increase in the number of ships that are getting added to the global 
capacity in the current year. This, combined with the fact that global demand is growing in low 
single digits, do you expect, and also if you kind of add to this, the fact that with the new US 
President, if the Middle East wars would probably come to an end somewhere, say, in 2025, and 
the Red Sea crisis would kind of normalize, do you think that the freight rates can take a hit going 
ahead? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, we believe that freight rates will remain range bound. There are various things pointing towards 
an upward movement and things pointing towards downward, some you appropriately mentioned. 
What we follow from various maritime research projections is that there is also a lot of capacity 
coming up for scraping. And on an overall basis, Drewry, which is the leading maritime research 
Company, publishes its expectations on the freight environment and the capacity. So, what we read 
through is that net-net, the trade demand should absorb the entire capacity coming in. That's the 
narrative we have been reading through and taking a note of. 
Shivaji Mehta: 
And my last question is on the EBIT per TEU. I know you have added the FCL business recently, 
but if I just do a like-for-like comparison, say in 2019 or 2018 when you had an EBIT per LCL of 
about 1.45-ish, is that something that we would target going ahead also? Just on the LCL business, 
if you strip out the FCL business out of the international segment, are you trending towards those 
numbers? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
I would say, we do not see our business in EBIT per TEU, because business is conducted in 
different units and this is not a measure followed in the Company internally, so I cannot relate to 
those numbers or comment upon them. But like I said, the simple intent going forward is to create 
volume growth, which exceeds the market growth. So, we have seen a flat market wherein we have 
been growing at about 4% to 5%. We have in the past quarters seen a declining market where the 
market declined by 12% to 15% and we had gone down by 7% to 8%. So, we have been kind of 
consistently been maintaining a delta of 4% to 5%. Historically, if you look at the long term 
averages, the global trade on containerized trade has been growing at 3% and LCL at about 5% to 
6%. So, our intent is to maintain the delta of 4% to 5% on these global trade growth rates. And as 
the trade revises, our growth rate can move in to double digit for LCL. And FCL, we have 
consistently grown at close to 18% to 20% if you look at even the last six, seven years of 
compounded annual growth rate. 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Sir, as there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Shailesh Raja from B&K Securities. Over to you, sir. 
Shailesh Raja: 
Yes. Thank you all for attending this session. We especially thank Allcargo Logistics team for 
their time. Ravi sir, any closing comments would you like to make? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
No. Thanks, Shailesh, for hosting us. And thank you, everyone, for joining in. Like I mentioned, 
we intend to provide as much disclosure as we can. Whenever there are confidentiality concerns 
keeping competitive dynamics we try to find a work around and provide at least the lead indicators. 
So, we are happy to get more queries from you from our Investor Relations team and happy to 
provide you as much perspective as we can. Hope today's call was helpful in this direction and 
thanks very much once again for joining in. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Batlivala & Karani Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
all for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
