 
 
Classification | REGULATORS 
IRC:F48:242:468:2024 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
 
 
The Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C-1, ‘G’ Block, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051 
 
The Manager, 
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: KARURVYSYA 
 
Scrip Code: 590003 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: 
Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of the 
Conference Call held with respect to the Unaudited Financial Results of 
the Bank for the quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2024 
****** 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we have enclosed herewith the Transcript of 
Conference Call held on October 17, 2024 at 5:30 P.M. (IST), in connection with 
the Unaudited Financial Results of the Bank for the quarter and half-year ended 
September 30, 2024. 
  
The same is also made available on the website of the Bank and can be accessed 
on the following link:  
 
https://www.kvb.co.in/docs/investor-con-call-transcript-fy25-2.pdf 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
 
Srinivasa Rao M 
Company Secretary & 
Deputy General Manager 
 
Encl: As above 
SRINIVASARAO 
MADDIRALA
Digitally signed by 
SRINIVASARAO MADDIRALA 
Date: 2024.10.22 13:45:30 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“Karur Vysya Bank Limited 
Q2 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 17, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. B. RAMESH BABU – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – KARUR VYSYA BANK 
LIMITED 
 
MR. NATARAJAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – KARUR 
VYSYA BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. RAMSHANKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
KARUR VYSYA BANK LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

      
 
Karur Vysya Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Classification | EXTERNAL 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call of 
the Karur Vysya Bank. We have with us today the management team of KVB, represented by 
Mr. Ramesh Babu, MD and CEO; Mr. Natarajan, Executive Director; and Mr. Ramshankar, 
CFO.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. B. Ramesh Babu, MD and CEO, to take us through the 
highlights of the quarter gone by, after which we will open the floor for questions. Over to 
you, sir. 
B. Ramesh Babu: 
Thank you. Thank you very much. Good evening to all of you. On behalf of Karur Vysya 
Bank, I welcome you all for our bank's earnings call for the quarter 2 of the financial year 
2025. So we trust that you, your colleagues and family members are keeping well and are in 
good health. So we have uploaded our financial results along with the presentation on our 
website and I hope you have had a chance to go through it in detail and ahead of this call. 
 
I am pleased to mention that the bank continued to have another strong quarter of performance 
built on our guidance of three metrics; growth, profitability and asset quality. Bank's 
performance indicators are in line with our guidance, and the bank is seeing consistent and 
steady growth. It is encouraging to note that our team was able to sustain the growth 
momentum witnessed in the first quarter. And I am confident that the same will continue in the 
ensuing quarters. 
 
The bank's total business stands at INR1,76,138 crores as on 30th September 2024. We were 
able to sustain the growth impetus created during the first quarter as our total business 
registered a growth of 4%. The advances stand at INR80,299 crores and deposits grew to 
INR95,839 crores with a growth of 3% and 4%, respectively. We have been guiding in our 
earlier calls about our focus on inclusive growth from all verticals with respect to advances. 
 
I am pleased to share that the same is being sustained in the RAM verticals with 5% quarter-
on-quarter loan growth. Commercial advances clocked 6% growth. Retail advance and 
agriculture advances grew by 4% each. Retail growth was predominantly driven by mortgages, 
which grew 10% during the quarter. Housing loans grew by 3% and jewel loans by 7%. 
 
Our BNPL book remained flat during the quarter. Agri Jewel loan book grew by 4%, corporate 
book has degrown by 4% during the quarter, mainly due to lower availments in certain 
seasonal sectors, lower disbursements, repayments. And of course, as I always say, wherever 
the pricing was not conducive enough, so on our own we have exited those accounts. 
 
Deposit growth remains one of the key focus areas for the bank, and you are aware that the 
bank had initiated various strategies for deposit growth, including establishment of sales 
acquisition channel for both term deposits and CASA growth. 

      
 
Karur Vysya Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
Classification | EXTERNAL 
 
Our total deposit growth was at 4% during the quarter. Depletion and balances in existing 
CASA book has resulted in growth of only 1% sequentially. Term deposits grew by 5% during 
the quarter. 
 
 We had indicated in the last call that NIM would be above 4% levels till first half of the 
current year. I'm happy to say that the NIM for the quarter is at 4.11%, and for the half year, it 
is 4.12%.  
 
Our continued journey on shedding away low-yielding corporate advances on one side and 
focused more on better yielding granular secured advances in RAM and prudent treasury 
operations have helped us to retain above 4.1% levels of NIM during the quarter in spite of 8 
basis points increase in the cost of deposits. 
 
The cost of deposits increased by 8 basis points and the yield on advances reduced by 2 basis 
points sequentially. Yield on investments increased by 2 basis points during the quarter. Based 
on our historical pattern of renewal of deposits and fresh deposits acquisition, we expect 
moderated rise in the cost of deposits by 10 basis points in the next quarter. 
 
Yield on advances is expected to be flat, and yield on investments would be in the similar 
range for the second quarter -- of the second quarter. Considering all these factors and without 
taking into any policy rate changes, we expect that NIM will be around 4% in the next quarter. 
We have achieved ROA of 1.72% in this quarter. We had guided that our effort would be to 
ensure ROA is above 1.65% levels and we are confident to maintain the same going forward 
also. 
 
Our gross slippages during the quarter continued to be under control at INR181 crores, which 
is 0.23%. On an annualized basis, it comes to 0.9% of our loan book. With our continued close 
monitoring of accounts we are confident that we'll continue to keep the ratio below 1% as 
guided in our earlier call. Our efforts on recovery of technically written-off books is continuing 
to yield results as we have recovered a sum of INR180 crores during the quarter. 
 
Due to lower slippages, recoveries, upgrades and write-offs, our gross NPA has come down to 
1.1%. We expect that we will continue to maintain at below 2% levels as advised earlier. For 
the quarter under review, we have provided INR155 crores towards NPA migrations and 
INR10 crores towards standard assets and reduction in restructured assets provision by INR9 
crores on account of reduction in balances aggregating INR156 crores, which is 0.78% of our 
advances on an annualized basis. 
 
Apart from this, we have provided a prudential provision of INR25 crores as was done in the 
previous quarter. Our net NPA has come down to 0.28%, and we will continue to maintain net 
NPA at less than 1% of our loan book. Our standard restructured loan book is further reduced 
to 0.79% of our loan book, and we hold a provision of 39.85% of the standard restructured 
book. 
 
The BNPL book balance is at INR1,030 crores as at the end of September, that is which comes 
to 1.28% of our portfolio, and it is performing well. Our overall unsecured portfolio,including 

      
 
Karur Vysya Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Classification | EXTERNAL 
the BNPL, of the total advances comes to 2.04%. Our MFI portfolio, which we started just two 
years back and we have started taking baby steps in that now stands at INR298 crores as at the 
end of 30th September '24. We are taking a very cautious approach in this segment.  
 
We have tied up with three business correspondents who have sort of an expertise in this as 
partners, and we'll be mindful in growing selectively in states where position is relatively 
better.  
 
Our establishment costs were INR357 crores during the quarter, increased by 7% sequentially, 
mainly on account of AS-15 actuarial provisions, which were up by INR13 crores compared to 
previous quarter due to steep fall in the discount rates. Operating expenses were at INR358 
crores, sequentially gone up by 7%. Our cost-to-income ratio is at 46.72%, and we will 
continue our efforts to peg it within 50%.  
 
Our CRAR, as per Basel III continues to be healthy and is at 16.27%, providing us comfortable 
headroom for growth. Our liquidity coverage ratio continues to be well above the regulatory 
requirement of 100%. 
 
So bank added one branch during the quarter. And the setting up of the lite branches is under 
progress and the first set of such branches are expected to function on the third quarter of this 
current year. 
 
 Our endeavour is to continue the current momentum in the next half of the year. As planned, 
we are mindful of the challenges, particularly on the liability side and are taking every step to 
increase the low-cost funds, which would also help us to improve the margins. 
 
I am grateful to all our investors, analysts and stakeholders for the confidence and the 
continued support, which we will reciprocate to our better performance in the days to come. 
Now I'll be glad to respond to your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Jay Mundhra from ICICI Securities. 
Jay Mundhra: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. Sir, first question is -- on your loan growth, right, so 
we can see that we have been following a profitable loan growth approach, and we have been 
growing 20% Y-o-Y in retail, agri, MSME, but the total growth is slightly constrained by 
degrowing corporate book. And from the last time when we had spoken, from this quarter, 
there has been a little bit moderation in the systemic loan growth. What would be your 
assessment considering the approach that you have taken? I mean, would you still be 
comfortable going 15% above, or how should one look at it? 
B. Ramesh Babu: 
Yes. Thank you, Jay. In fact, Jay, if you look at it, the question is the composition of the 
deposit growth. So still we find that the CASA book as we planned, it is not growing at the 
same pace what we planned. Until such time that composition comes up, so it will not make 
much sense to raise the deposit at 7.6. Suppose senior citizen is there at 8.1 also we are taking 
and many of the corporates, if they expect between 9, 9.25 and all. So 8.1 CRR, SLR, credit 

      
 
Karur Vysya Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Classification | EXTERNAL 
costs, standard asset provision, operating costs, with all these things, it doesn't make much 
sense rather than just bloating the book and top line growth. So that's why we would just want 
to wait and watch. 
 
Another point I want to say. So it is interest rate sensitive that is elastic as far as corporate is 
concerned. So for the rest of them, why we are fuelling the growth in rest of the RAM segment 
is if you reduce the momentum there, getting back the momentum from the whole team will 
become absolutely difficult because it's granular, and many people on the ground, they are 
working on that. 
 
As far as corporate is concerned, it is interest rate sensitive. So the moment you are able to 
offer a better rate, so you'll be able to come back. I'll just give you an example. Our NBFC 
portfolio, which used to be 8.5% of the total book at a point of time. Now it has come down to 
around 5% plus. 3% we have brought it down many of the NBFCs there. Suppose tomorrow if 
you have a reasonable amount of money, the 3% of this INR80,000 crores itself comes to 
INR2,000 crores odd. So that way, growing should not be a problem, but we want to be 
conservative seeing the position. The moment we get a hold on the CASA book, it is growing 
there and all, so we will release the pipe towards CAG also. 
Jay Mundhra: 
Right. No, understood, sir. So yes, so that is understood. Secondly, sir, is there any -- there 
were media reports? Or is there any -- I mean do you have not given the gold loan book, total 
gold loan book, at least I could not figure out from the presentation. 
B. Ramesh Babu: 
No, we have given slide on the gold loan. So 26%, you can see that. We have mentioned 
saying that last 4 years how the gold loan is moving, what is its LTV, what's the SMA, 
everything is provided. 
Ramshankar: 
Slide 15. 
B. Ramesh Babu: 
Slide 15, if you look at it, so we have given jewel loan portfolio, SMA, LTV; everything is 
there in that. 
Jay Mundhra: 
Right. So okay, sir, is there any difference in the agri gold loan and retail gold loan growth? 
Are you seeing anything -- any trend change there? 
B. Ramesh Babu: 
Yes, we are able to see that particularly in the first quarter of this year, so we could see some 
sort of non-agri jewel loans also coming up, but it got slightly reduced in the second quarter. 
So that first quarter was a good quarter for the jewel loan growth. 
 
So second thing also, we will grow in the jewel loan growth. We are not disputing that. But our 
intention is to focus on the core. Otherwise, once we totally move into non-agri growth there, 
so a set of complacency may come up and all, we may not go in the core products. So that's 
why we wanted to grow in a balanced way. 
 
And 1 more thing also 2 to 3 years back also this question was coming up, how much is the 
amount of the gold loan out of your portal portfolio. So 3 years back itself, we have given an 

      
 
Karur Vysya Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Classification | EXTERNAL 
indication that we would like to go up to around 30% because too much of concentration in a 
particular product also is risky.  
 
So now if you look at 25.1% has become 26% now. So because not only agri, as I said also, we 
are coming up and on. So we will grow in that. Demand wise, there is no problem because RBI 
has also issued a circular on 30th. So many of the compliances, we are in line with that and all. 
So we will grow in a measured way as far as the gold loan is concerned. 
Jay Mundhra: 
Sure, sir. And sir, I have some data keeping question. If you can highlight the LCR percentage 
for the quarter and the number of staff. 
B. Ramesh Babu: 
LCR is 128% now.  Number of staff now comes to more or less because we have taken many 
other feet on street and particularly for the liabilities, those who need to be at the lowest level, 
likewise in the counter also from the deepening the book also at the lowest level. So we have 
taken a set of people. It comes to around 9,500 something like that, we can think of now. 
Jay Mundhra: 
So sir, the LCR 128% on a reported basis, right, there is a dip from last quarter. Whatever, let's 
say, change in the methodology. I mean, was there any change in methodology? And if that 
was the case, is this now sorted that -- or do you think there could be any other changes in that 
also? 
Ramshankar: 
Ramshankar here. It has been  fully sorted out. It started in last week of June, the revised 
methodology. And this full quarter, it has been fully on the revised methodology only -- so -- 
and it varies, for example, the 128% on an average basis for 90 days. 2 days back, say latest, 
it's 135%. So it varies here and there in a sort depending on the composition of the 
HQLA,High Quality liquid assets, it keeps on varying, but it is sorted out fully. 
Jay Mundhra: 
And so this should not be any constraint for your growth or margin, right? I mean the LCR 
optically falling from much higher level to 128%. Could this have any bearing on the growth 
or margins? 
B. Ramesh Babu: 
That's what is a tight rope walk for everyone. In fact, we need to keep in mind all these factors 
and all. Accordingly, we need to go for our planning. That's it. Yes. In fact, every vertical, 
including treasury, we are aware of this, how we need to plan, our ALCO is also on the job. 
Accordingly, we are planning. 
Natarajan: 
But this 128% is a sufficient cushion, headroom is available for growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Roshan Chutke from ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund. 
Roshan Chutke: 
I just wanted to understand how is the situation among the textile sector, MSME customers, if 
you can give any view around that? 
B. Ramesh Babu: 
No, agreed. So compared to 2 to 3 years back, because up to COVID, post-COVID it was 
doing well, spinning and all. Later, there was a lull because external factors were creating a 
problem. Now if you look at it slowly, the position is improving. I will not say that the limits 
have been used sufficiently and all these things and all. So the fact that in a few other 

      
 
Karur Vysya Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Classification | EXTERNAL 
locations, they are placing the boards that we require people, these sort of a thing. And second 
thing is absolutely everything is happening in-house without much outsourcing and they are 
able to manage. So their order quality and their margins are relatively much better compared to 
others. 
 
So spinning mills also those with 25,000 spindles and above. So they are there and all their 
order book is good, they are able to manage well. And below 25,000, they need to still -- wait 
for some more time. Otherwise, overall, if you look at it, the position which was there 
prevailing one year back has improved now, and they are hopeful saying that in the next six 
months, the position will further improve. 
 
So next thing is as far as our accounts are concerned, you would have seen that the worst times 
also, we have passed through more or less. So that way, the portfolio, what we have is 
reasonably well that we are managing and all. We are continuously engaging with these 
customers to show what is happening on the ground. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anand Dama from Emkay Global. 
Anand Dama: 
Congratulations for great share of results. Sir, the first question that I have is related to higher 
other income. So what basically is the treasury gain during the current quarter, recovery from 
written-off? If you can provide some... 
Ramshankar: 
Recovery from written-offs is INR181 crores. 
Anand Dama: 
And how much was treasury? 
Ramshankar: 
Trading profit we are around INR 23 crores. 
Anand Dama: 
So bulk of, basically, it's like recovery of written-off account seems to be on a higher side for 
us during the current quarter. Do you see this sustaining over the next two quarters? 
B. Ramesh Babu: 
No. Anand, I'll respond on that. You see, these are the efforts we have been making for the last 
2 to 3 years. You must be knowing that. So there are external factors are also involved. So 
unlike a normal loan growth and deposit growth, we cannot give a dotted line response saying 
that this is what we'll be able to do, but our efforts are on. But on the whole, if you look at it 
year-on-year, numbers are coming up. 
 
It can be one quarter it may be more and in second quarter, it may be low. But overall, as far as 
the year is concerned, the ROA, what we have given a guidance, we will be able to do that. 
That's the first point. Second point, we didn't take much advantage of the traditional recovery 
of write-off what all has come up because if you look at it, the provisioning what we made 
around 65 basis points for the written-on assets, if you look at it, it has come to that. 
 
And in the normal course, if you look at it, with our 0.28% of net NPA, that much of 
provisioning is not required. For a standard asset, if you had to make on an average INR10 
crores to INR15 crores per year we had to make and migration is something we had to make. 

      
 
Karur Vysya Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Classification | EXTERNAL 
And these things are required. Restructured already 40% is already provided. There also 
doesn't require. 
 
So what we thought when good times are there when these sort of something comes up and all, 
instead of taking that as a profit, we need to strengthen the balance sheet and all, we have 
additionally provided there. So that way additional what all we have got has gone into the 
provision, we didn't take much benefit of that additional write-off what we have got. 
Anand Dama: 
That's good to hear. Sir, secondly, is there -- your LAP book is actually growing at a much 
more faster pace. All these LAPs that you are basically mobilizing right now is the branch-
sourced LAP or you have a tie-up over there? That's why we are talking this kind of a thing. 
B. Ramesh Babu: 
No, no, no tie-up. It's all to set the feet on street our people, what are they are recovering that's 
coming from that. No question of any outsourcing, these things are not there at all, everything 
internal team, what they are doing, that is the growth. 
Anand Dama: 
Okay. And sir, what is the typical ticket size of this LAP? And what is the yield that you're 
generating for this LAP book? 
B. Ramesh Babu: 
Yield is more or less 9.5% plus we will be getting it. Ticket size, I need to look at it. Our CFO 
will come back to you on that. 
Anand Dama: 
Okay. And bulk of this LAP is being generated in Southern India or like... 
B. Ramesh Babu: 
Majority in Southern India. Majority Southern India, correct. 
Anand Dama: 
And may be again in Tamil Nadu, right? 
B. Ramesh Babu: 
No, not only Tamil Nadu; Tamil Nadu, Andhra, Telangana Karnataka, all these are there. But 
1 more thing just to provide some more comfort to you, Anand, just I'll share some point with 
you. At the point of time, 3, 4 years back, what we were doing, actually, we were relying on 
the legal someone expert outside of whoever legal is there and panel lawyers and the valuers 
we were doing. 
 
So we thought we need a third eye to look at; tomorrow at the time of disposal of these 
properties, we should not be caught unaware. So we have internally created a technical 
evaluation team wherein a set of people who have experienced this are there and at divisional 
office levels also, we have put engineers there and all. So what all we had to give for a 
valuation, so no one has a discretion.  
 
On a round robin basis that goes to the valuer on a surprise basis. And what all it comes, it will 
be vetted at the local level, at the divisional office level, it will go to centralized cell also. They 
will also look at these things and all comparable valuation elsewhere, what all is there, legally 
other things are okay. After seeing all these things, they will clear it. In the process, we are 
declining many cases. 

      
 
Karur Vysya Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Classification | EXTERNAL 
 
So we took a call saying that maybe it may not result in a business growth, but it will be safer 
now, so that tomorrow if issue comes up and all, you're unable to dispose off, the purpose will 
not be served. So that way, we have strengthen this mechanism and the different checks and 
balance at different levels to see that the enforcement really will work. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Vara from Axis Mutual Fund. 
Abhijeet Vara: 
I have a couple of questions. First one is, in the other opex, the growth rate has been around 
25% for the last couple of quarters. I know you have given guidance on cost to income, but 
specifically on this, do you think this growth rate will continue or it will moderate? 
B. Ramesh Babu: 
No. In fact, there are 2 aspects I need to share with you. There are a few costs consciously we 
thought of spending; one is we are strengthening our IT and information security. So because 
we cannot take any sort of a risk on this, so more than what is required and all we started 
actually spending on that. The next thing is we have got for an ambitious plan for having 100 
branches this year. And last year, also 35 branches we have opened, before last year we have 
opened. 
 
And the additional cost of these branches, what all we have opened started kicking in. And the 
next branches, what all are there already the furniture and fixture, this all coming up. And so 
we have front-loaded the staff numbers also for these branches. Once everything is ready, if 
you do not have the staff, you will be paying the rent, you will be stuck. 
 
So those staff are also more or less ready that way. With all these things, some sort of  costing 
is coming, the value of all these things we will be seeing over a period of time. But a few more 
things also we look at it because when we are spending on these things naturally over a period 
of time, depreciation also will kick in and DICGC, all these things are there. 
 
So with these things, if you look at it, overall, we are having a control on this, but we will still 
try to see which are the cases where expenses we can control further and one more just point, 
no, it is not a justification, just for the sake of clarity, I want to say. You see last year, more or 
less around INR1,000 crores odd this corporate, we have brought it down the portfolio. And 
this year also, if you look at it INR600 crores, INR700 crores has been brought down. 
 
So INR1,700 crores to INR1,800 crores, it has brought down. In addition to that, had we 
grown in the corporate in these 2 years, another INR1,300 crores would have come. INR1,300 
crores plus INR1,700 crores, INR3,000 crores of assets because of the constraint on the 
CASA, we are forced to release. And as and when the position improves, we'll be able to 
getting them back. 
 
So that way, it also had a bearing in the denominator that base effect is 7 to 8 basis points that 
also is creating an issue. Overall, if you look at it, so we are focusing more on the rest of the 
ratios currently than our cost of assets. So if you are able to earn on the spending what we are 
doing, okay, we may have to spend it. But your point is well taken. We will keep that 
particular point in mind, how to have a decent cost   to assets. 

      
 
Karur Vysya Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Classification | EXTERNAL 
Abhijeet Vara: 
Right, sir. The second question is what is the total prudential provisions or floating provisions 
the bank holds? And do you include it in PCR calculation? Just for clarification. 
B. Ramesh Babu: 
Yes. Last quarter, INR25 crores; this quarter, INR25 crores, that way it comes to INR50 
crores. This is the floating provision -- with the prudential provision we have. Floating 
provision is concerned; last year, what we have provided, 4 quarters, INR25 crores each we 
have provided. So that INR100 crores is still there that way. And whether for the PCR purpose 
it is there or not. 
Ramshankar: 
Floating provisions, we don't take. Prudential provisions, we take. 
B. Ramesh Babu: 
Prudential will be taken and all; floating, we are not taking it. 
Abhijeet Vara: 
Right. Okay. And sir, in the retail portfolio, just 1 observation is this quarter, the bulk of the 
write-offs have come in from retail portion itself, retail portfolio. So just wanted to understand 
what are these loans? 
B. Ramesh Babu: 
I'll just tell you. No, no, it is deceptive. If you look at it, now what happens -- you look at our 
total gross NPA itself has come down to INR886 crores now. Earlier when we were having 
money, what we did, so first of all, we focused on the corporate. Majority of the corporate 
book, what all is there, we have provided. That is the reason if you look at it, so the corporate 
is concerned, not to be provided -- yet to be provided is a very small amount. 
 
So next -- that way, they are going step-by-step with other verticals. So that way, this quarter, 
we would have taken few other accounts in the retail. That doesn't mean saying that these are 
absolutely unrecoverable accounts, that is not an issue at all. 
Abhijeet Vara: 
Okay. Sure. Last thing, do you provide loan growth guidance and deposit growth? 
B. Ramesh Babu: 
Deposit growth earlier, we have given, we stand too with that. So 14%, we have told them, 
saying that annual growth. But if you look at it, the complexion of that. So overall, it comes to 
14%. But if you look at it, the RAM portfolio is concerned, more or less 18% to 20% we are 
growing because that is an engine which has to propel the bank to take forward. 
 
So if that engine stop, it will become difficult for us. So with these constraints on the liabilities 
also, we are more or less managing to take the RAM book at that 18% to 20%. So that 
continues. If at all, we have a big leeway and we are able to get a reasonable cost of deposits 
then we will revise our guidance and all, we'll be able to take it forward. Particularly, as I said 
earlier, growing in CIG, it requires relatively lower effort compared to the RAM book. So that 
is the reason. Once lower cost funds are there, we will reopen the tap of corporate. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prabal Gandhi from Ambit Capital. 
Prabal Gandhi: 
Sir, my first question was we have been shifting away from the corporate segment. But out 
loan yields are not reflecting, they have been stagnant for the last 3, 4 quarters. Why is that? 

      
 
Karur Vysya Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Classification | EXTERNAL 
B. Ramesh Babu: 
First point is we need to revise the statement. We are not getting away from corporate, okay? It 
is lying low at this stage. As and when the composition of the liabilities comes back to a 
normal state, we may go back to the corporate. That is not an issue that way. 
 
And yields, if you look at it that way, you see more or less the RBI rates, what all are they? 
They are more or less stagnant now. So under these circumferences, when there is no change, 
MCLR is concerned. The cost of deposit, what all is there will be automatically passed on. So 
EBLR is concerned because when there is no change in the repo rate, you will not be able to 
increase that one. So that's the reason there's a limitation beyond which you will not be able to 
do that. 
 
So overall, if you look at it, if you are able to maintain these yields at this level, so I can give a 
part of the credit to the reduction in the corporate also. Otherwise, the yields would have come 
down. One more thing I'll tell you, when we are in the competitive market, getting every loan 
at 10% odd may not be possible. There can be a mix of loans in a different -- suppose 
agriculture is there, it can be 9.5% only. There can be agriculture, 9.25%. But I cannot take it 
in isolation, the agriculture will be reckoned for the purpose of my PSL. 
 
If I go and buy the PSL, I had to pay 2% there. So indirectly, I'm getting 2% plus 9.5%, 11.5% 
I'm getting. So the composition of advances, whichever bucket it grows depends on that. So 
despite the growth in lower yielding wherever something is there, because corporate to some 
extent we have lost, overall, we are able to maintain our yields. 
Prabal Gandhi: 
And sir, what are we doing to improve our fee income? That also has sort of remained there 
despite we increasing the share of retail loans. 
B. Ramesh Babu: 
I agree. The fee income, there are different components are there. Now earlier, corporate, we 
were doing the fund based. Now the focus what we are trying to do is, so we have reoriented 
our focus and our corporate banking unit started focusing on the non-fund based business. So 
overnight, if you have to shift the gear, it will take some time. Otherwise, they are on the job, 
first thing. 
 
And second thing, third-party income. Third-party income, which used to be pretty low in the 
bank. But overnight, again, you cannot press the accelerator button, it will lead to mis selling 
and all. So lot of effort we are making on that. So that way, we are trying to double that 
income every year, this is coming up. 
 
And the third thing is there is a hit to some extent because corporate, if you grow aggressively, 
the processing charge is what you get will be pretty good because you are not going in the 
corporate at the rate at which you have to do it and all. So you have to make it up in the retail 
segment. That's why if you look at it overall compared to last quarter also, the overall fee is up 
despite not getting relatively the same amount of processing charges from the corporate, which 
we were getting. 

      
 
Karur Vysya Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Classification | EXTERNAL 
 
Our focus is on that. So various assets what all are there, it can be guarantees, third-party 
income, LCs, all these things, we are working on that. We will see what best can be done and 
all, how to maximize. 
Prabak Gandhi: 
Sir, how do we improve? How are you measuring productivity at a branch level and employee 
level that seems to be -- will you explain that there are some costs involved which are -- which 
will come down, but how do you measure the productivity at the employee and the branch 
level? 
B. Ramesh Babu: 
Yes. We have a very structured way of metrics is there, which covers for each branch around 
40 parameters. So we will give the target. And based on that target, the score will be given 
there and all the consolidated position of this for 100 mark score it counts and each branch will 
be rated based on the century's score of 100 marks. 
 
Now many of the elements is what they get, they are linked to the score what they get. If 
someone is not getting the minimum score what they are supposed to get, they will not get and 
this will be reckoned for the purpose of their rating also, year-ending what the rating they get 
it, half yearly they get it and all, and it will be useful for the promotions. It will be useful for 
the transfer. All these will be reckoned. 
 
So likewise, at the year-end, if you are paying ex-gratia to those who are over performing, 
these metrics, what we have created, it works well. And absolutely, it has been stabilized. This 
is dynamic. And every quarter, we'll be changing depending upon the priorities, what bank has 
and all those corporate priorities, which Board feels, our management feels that will be dove-
tailed into this century score model and all. And everyone in the branch, they'll be knowing on 
these lines. So that way, we have a robust laid-down and tested mechanism for testing the 
productivity of the branches. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rakesh Kumar from B&K Securities. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Quite a good set of numbers this quarter. So just had a couple of questions, sir. So firstly, sir, 
on this risk profile of the corporate banking book in the Slide 17. So there is some fluctuation 
between A and above and BB book from September '23 to June '24 and coming to September 
'24. Is this just the volatility for the time being? Or how we read this BB composition coming 
to 28% approximately, if you can help us sir please? 
B. Ramesh Babu: 
Yes, absolutely. You see there are different circulars which have come from Reserve Bank of 
India, particularly on the NBFC for different risk weights on the capital risk weights. So we 
look at all those things and what we thought, actually, if you're confining to AAA accounts, the 
yields, what you get and the capital risk, what you are maintaining, all these things are not 
commensurate. 
 
And second thing, the deposit cost at which it is growing, the margins are getting squeezed day 
by day, and many of these corporates with AAA. So they ask for the finest rate. Otherwise, 
they can raise the money elsewhere the market. So that's why we took a call. Earlier, when 

      
 
Karur Vysya Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Classification | EXTERNAL 
actually we had a big problem with the corporate, so then the retail engine was not efficiently 
functioning at that time, so we parked the majority of our resources in the AAA, AA and all. 
 
So later what we thought when we have strengthened our internal monitoring mechanism, 
relationship managers, service managers, credit analysts; with all these things, we thought now 
we are better placed to -- because we have further granularized the portfolio also, the same 
slide what you are quoting. Other side, if you look at it, the percentage of the above 150 also 
has come down to 220, 2.2 and the average ticket size is at INR36 crores, we thought we'll be 
able to take relatively better -- that is a risk where the pricing and yields are better. 
 
So that is the reason we were selectively moved to a few of the BB rated accounts also overall, 
so that the margins can be maintained. But with all these things also, we can look at it, our 
risk-weighted asset movement, more or less, it is at 56, 54 that we're only running and all, it 
didn't cross the roof and all it has not gone to 65 and 70. So within the overall profile, what all 
is there, we are managing total risk -- and this is only a tactical shift what we have made to see 
that the yields improve and where we can manage the risk, those sort of exposures we have 
taken. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Very nice, sir. Just one question, if I could ask. This question is pertaining to the gold loan, 
jewel loan book. So in the non-agri segment, we approximately have INR900 crores in MSME 
if I'm correct. Can you kindly correct me if I'm wrong, sir. So how that book is growing sir, the 
non-agri jewel loan in the MSME segment? 
B. Ramesh Babu: 
Let me be frank with you. That is not a focus area for us, because it is someone comes, an 
MSME customer who wants a gold loan. So we cannot deny that one. Our focus still continues 
on the core MSME only. If you open the tap on that count, so this growth in the MSME only 
will come over a period of time will forget the core original MSME. So that is the reason we 
may be focusing on the retail side and on the agriculture side, MSME is just like if someone 
requirement is there, he has come, being the banker, you need to honor, you've honored it. 
Ramshankar: 
Just one correction I just wanted to make, one question was asked on the PCR, whether 
prudential provisions and floating provisions are considered? I had mentioned that prudential 
we have taken. I just want to correct myself. We don't take either of them. We don't take 
prudential provisions. We do not take floating provisions also. Only NPA provisions are 
considered for PCR. I just want to clarify. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. B. Ramesh Babu, MD and CEO, for closing comments. 
B. Ramesh Babu: 
So thank you all for the compliments what you have given, the encouraging words, it is the 
guidance and encouraging words that have brought us to this stage. We will try to meet your 
expectations. And once again, thanks for taking out time and showing interest in the investor 
call and asking these questions. So from the entire team KVB, seasons greetings to all of you 
and Happy Diwali in advance. Thank you all. 

      
 
Karur Vysya Bank Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Classification | EXTERNAL 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Karur Vysya Bank, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
