 
Birla Corporation Limited 
Corporate Office: 
1, Shakespeare Sarani, 
A.C. Market (2nd Floor), Kolkata 700 071 
P: 033 6603 3300-02 
F: +91 332288 4426 
E: Coordinator@birlacorp.com 
 
 
Registered Office: Birla Building, 9/1 R. N. Mukherjee Road, Kolkata-700001 | CIN: L01132WB1919PLC003334 | | www.birlacorporation.com| 
P: 033 6616 6745/6826; +91 33 2248 2872/7983 
 
29th October, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500335 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
‘Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: BIRLACORPN 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Sub: 
Transcript of the investors/analyst earnings conference call on the Unaudited 
Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter 
and half year ended 30th September, 2024 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find attached the transcript of the investors/analyst earnings conference call held on 24th 
October, 2024 at 2.00 P.M. (IST) on the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results 
of the Company for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2024. The event concluded 
at 2.55 P.M. (IST) on 24th October, 2024. 
 
A 
copy 
of 
the 
same 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company's 
website 
at 
https://birlacorporation.com/earnings-call-transcript.html.  
 
This is for your information and record.  
 
Thanking you,                                                                                    
 
Yours faithfully, 
For BIRLA CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
(MANOJ KUMAR MEHTA) 
Company Secretary & Legal Head  
 
Encl: As above 
MANOJ 
MEHTA
Digitally signed 
by MANOJ 
MEHTA 
Date: 2024.10.29 
16:55:46 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Birla Corporation Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANDIP GHOSE – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, BIRLA CORPORATION LIMITED  
MR. ADITYA SARAOGI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, BIRLA CORPORATION LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAJESH RAVI – HDFC SECURITIES 

 
Birla Corporation 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Birla Corporation Q2 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by HDFC Securities.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajesh Ravi. Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Thank you, Sejal. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of HDFC Securities, we welcome all of 
you to the Q2 and H1 FY '25 Earnings Call of Birla Corporation.  
 
From the management side, we have Mr. Sandip Ghose – M.D. and CEO and Mr. Aditya Saraogi 
– Group CFO.  
 
I will now hand over the call to the Management for the “Opening Remarks,” which will be 
followed by the Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sandip Ghose: 
Thank you very much, Rajesh. Good afternoon and welcome to everyone. It is rather heartening 
to see we have almost a hundred or a little over 100 now guests available despite, what should I 
say, not so encouraging results.  
 
So, that's a matter of encouragement for us that all of you, therefore, stand by our comments and 
communication. And we have been in the past tried to be as realistic and as, you know, to the 
best of our judgment, portray what we see the market and our company's prospects are. And 
that's how we would like to approach this particular call as well in talking to you.  
 
Normally, probably when the results are not so good, people say much more to explain, but I 
wouldn't do that. We have explained our stuff in whatever we had to say in our press release, 
which most of you would have seen.  
 
All that I will say is, we recognize the market realities, and we saw the headwinds, and our 
strategy is, in that sort of a situation, to keep our head down, play with a straight bat, stick to the 
wicket, hold your ground rather than try to do any shenanigans or try any kind of, you know, 
trying any helicopter shots or anything of that kind. And that's how we would like to navigate in 
the days to come as well.  
 
Because we remain, as we have stated, in the press release cautiously optimistic though I have 
seen many people expecting a huge upturn in the second half of which almost a month is already 
over, so that leaves five months, and people have expected, some have talked of a massive 
upturn.  

 
Birla Corporation 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
While we definitely see things improving on both price as well as on volume and demand front, 
but we are not painting an extremely bullish scenario. We have projected our second half in 
terms of volume increase at about 8… 
Aditya Saraogi: 
On a Y-on-Y basis, based on H2 volumes.  
Sandip Ghose: 
H2 volumes we have looked at second half about Y-on-Y basis 7% to 8% and that's how we 
stick and for entire year, we are looking at about 4%, thereabouts plus or minus, and that's what 
we think is realistic at the moment to assume. 
 
In terms of EBITDA, we are again looking at between the first half to second half. We have 
projected about between Rs. 150 to Rs. 170 upswing in the EBITDA format, and that is how we 
see it translating. We don't see, again, going by some market indications, people have talked 
about getting only through realization, people have talked about getting Rs. 200 gain by 
realization alone. We don't see that in such an optimistic scenario.  
 
So, we have taken our all told, given our continuing cost efforts to reduce costs, increase the 
geo-mix and everything else, we have projected about Rs. 170, as I said, and that is all that we 
would say by way of guidance at the moment.  
 
The rest of it, we remain consistent with our strategy in whatever we have been doing, and our 
approach would be to, we have had, in our older plans, our core markets, we have had a little 
slip in terms of capacity utilization, and I will explain why that has happened. And what we 
really look forward to is to be able to take our capacity utilization up in those plants to over 
100% as we have been doing or close to 100% especially in our Central India plants and 
Mukutban where we have achieved a very good ramp up and scaling up and we hope that the 
pricing scenario would allow us to again, get back to the same kind of levels of about 60% last 
year. What is that we… 
Aditya Saraogi: 
Capacity utilization 48% last year.  
Sandip Ghose: 
No, towards the end we were almost operating at about 60%.  
Aditya Saraogi: 
60%.  
Sandip Ghose: 
60%. So, that is the kind of level we would like to get back to. Hopefully with the demand 
picking up and if there is slight upturn in prices, though in the West, especially Maharashtra, we 
are being circumspect because of the elections which have been announced and that impact will 
continue for about a month at least and whichever government comes in, by the time they settle 
in, new funds are sanctioned, etc., I think we will get into at least January there.  
 
In our core market, we are also factoring in the Maha Kumbh, which is going to happen in 
Prayagraj. That is once in a 12-year event, as you know, and that entire area, the logistics get 

 
Birla Corporation 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
impacted. So that will also be something which will eat in to the peak season period of January, 
February, which is usually there. So, we are being cautious on that count as well.  
 
But the real pain point in the last two quarters has been, in our judgment, in our view, has been 
the non-trade sector. If there is any impact, everybody talks about consolidation in the industry, 
if there is any, I think, visible impact of consolidation, we have seen that happening in the non-
trade sector where the prices had crashed, come down very abnormally or to an unrealistic levels 
in the last quarter especially and in the markets where we operate in North and Center, we were 
never major players in the non-trade category or OPC category. As you know, historically, we 
have tried to keep our non-trade levels below 20% and our OPC at below 15% of our capacity 
over there.  
 
Now, because of the whole market dynamics, the trade sector or the individual home building 
sector since they were not as buoyant in the last two quarters as all of you would have noted and 
seen, there has been a major market shift towards non-trade. And because of the market shift 
towards non-trade and also OPC component, I am talking about the industry as a whole, not 
about us.  
 
So, since the market shifted towards non-trade and also OPC and overall industry capacity 
utilization came down by a couple of percentage points by our reckoning or whatever figures 
which are available from the analyst reports, which are coming out, there has been a shift in that 
direction and there were price drops, very, very significant, which made it unviable for us to be 
participating in the non-trade and the OPC segments in many markets, especially in Rajasthan, 
where things dipped, as I said, to very abnormal levels in the pricing of non-trade and OPC.  
 
Similarly, in UP, in Bihar, people were participating. So, we deliberately chose to keep our 
exposure limited there because we certainly didn't want to operate at a variable cost loss or a 
cash loss to be in those markets. And that has resulted in our slightly lower capacity utilization 
that what we are capable of and what could have done, and we have not certainly tried to push 
volumes unnecessarily, which would have hurt both us as well as the industry.  
 
We tried to be prudent in that, but we hope from whatever we are hearing, if the non-trade prices, 
if there is more, I should say, rational pricing and market things happen in the non-trade and 
OPC sector, that will have its positive rub-off in the trade sector as well, and that should benefit 
everybody. And that is what we see as a silver lining going forward.  
 
Finally, coming back to summarize, as we said, we are looking at second half in a very sort of a 
positive, but with a great deal of realism, pragmatism, and therefore we are committing our 
growth for the entire year. We are talking about, as we said, around 4% in the volume growth. 
Annually, we are looking at about 8% to 9%, or around 8% is the growth. We have talked about 
the EBITDA increase, which was around Rs. 170 is what we are guidance, which we are giving 
just now for second half, the increase between first half to second half.  

 
Birla Corporation 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
And with that, I will rest my introductory remarks, open up for questions, and we will be happy 
to, wherever we can, elaborate further or comment, or where we can't, we will be very honest 
and frank enough to tell you our situation.  
 
The one last one which I missed, which is mentioned in our press release, is our progress of our 
Kundanganj's third line is going on satisfactorily and on track, and we hope when that comes in 
next year, we will have some of the incentives which we lost because of Kundanganj incentive 
getting expired last March will get restored and between that and we have already started 
clocking in the incentives from Mukutban between these two will be kind of back to a level 
playing field that what we were pre-March 2024. So, that's how we will only other major 
significant change which we see.  
 
Some of our competitors have the advantage today of having incentives, especially in UP, which 
is enabling them to participate much more aggressively in the non-trade segment or even the 
OPC segment where they are doing. We are constrained there, not that, as I said, our intention 
is not to sell more OPC or more non-trade. We would like to remain in the trade segment where 
we feel we have very strong brand assets.  
 
Our brands are today very well accepted, especially Perfect Plus, and Samrat has always been a 
heritage strong brand in UP. Chetak is a heritage strong brand in Rajasthan, and our distribution 
system, which we have our distribution assets, go-to-market assets, they are very strong in our 
core market. So, as soon as markets bounce back, we hope to be back again on the driver's seat 
as far as the trade and our channel sales are concerned. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Shravan Shah from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead.  
Shravan Shah: 
Sir, just a couple of data points needed. What was the incentive that we booked for Mukutban in 
Q2? And if possible, in 3rd and 4th Quarter put together, how much are we likely to book the 
incentive for Mukutban and also the volume for Q2, if possible?  
Sandip Ghose: 
I will let Mr. Saraogi answer that.  
Aditya Saraogi: 
In Q2, we have booked the incentive of 17 Crore for Mukutban.  
Sandip Ghose: 
17. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
17, okay? And what was the other question?  
Shravan Shah: 
How much more in the second half we are likely to book and what was the volume of Mukutban?  
Aditya Saraogi: 
We have guided for total incentive of about 100 crores for the whole year. We are standing by 
that guidance, okay?  

 
Birla Corporation 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Shravan Shah: 
And what was the volume in 2Q and the lead distance for second quarter?  
Aditya Saraogi: 
The volume was 5 lakh tons, and the lead distance was around 340 kilometers.  
Shravan Shah: 
340. What was the lead distance for the full entire company?  
Aditya Saraogi: 
For Mukutban, it was 425 kilometers for Mukutban.  
Sandip Ghose: 
You are asking for the entire company, or you are asking for Mukutban? 
Shravan Shah: 
Entire company, sir.  
Aditya Saraogi: 
So, entire company, it was around 350, the lead distance. 
Shravan Shah: 
And last, sir, just a clarification. This Prayagraj 1.4 million tons, when it is likely to start?  
Sandip Ghose: 
Not Prayagraj. We are talking about Kundanganj's third line. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
Yes, Kundanganj.  
Sandip Ghose: 
Kundanganj's third line.  
Shravan Shah: 
Yes, that we know, but on the Prayagraj 1.4 million tons, when it will start?  
Sandip Ghose: 
No, that we will announce. We have not announced commencement. It is in the pipeline, but the 
project is starting. We will announce whenever we are ready for it.  
Shravan Shah: 
Lastly, if possible, the CAPEX for full year 800 crores we said, and we have done 200 odd 
crores. So, any downward revision in the CAPEX?  
Aditya Saraogi: 
Yes, CAPEX for the whole year, we expect to go about within 700 crores.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jyoti Gupta from Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities. Please 
go ahead.  
Sandip Ghose: 
The clarification, sorry, before you go on, just one clarification for Dolat Capital. What we are 
saying is our first unit which will come on stream is Kundanganj. Prayagraj is in the pipeline, 
but we have not commenced construction there. So, we are not committing the date when it is 
going to come in. It is also linked to certain other things.  
 
So, right now what we are focusing, what we are visibility and committing is Kundanganj. It 
should not be read as Prayagraj is not happening. Prayagraj is very much part of our plan, like a 
few other locations of grinding unit which we have announced, but we talk about these 

 
Birla Corporation 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
specifically only when we have started the project broken ground, and that is where we stand as 
far as Prayagraj is concerned.  
Jyoti Gupta: 
So, in second half, you said your EBITDA per ton will improve by 170. Just wanted to have an 
understanding in terms of cost, where do you see the cost and what kind of cost, means 
improvement you will see from Project Shikhar, in terms of numbers from Mukutban and 
Unnati, and your logistic optimization. What kind of numbers you are building in the second 
half of these two projects, in case you have anything?  
Aditya Saraogi: 
For these two projects, in the second half, we are expecting efficiency of around Rs. 70 a ton, 
for Unnati and Shikhar, taken together.  
Jyoti Gupta: 
Each, taken together Rs. 70.  
Aditya Saraogi: 
Taken together 70.  
Jyoti Gupta: 
And 100 will come basically from raw material and the volumes and the...  
Aditya Saraogi: 
170 is the cumulative effect of realization, cost optimization, efficiency improvement, 
everything.  
Jyoti Gupta: 
And I could see that you are not very positive, quite cautious on the second half, but obviously 
first, so how do you see any particular impact, apart from the non-trade segment that you see, is 
coming from the consolidation? You are impacted, like adverse impact from the consolidation 
in your core markets, apart from non-trade, which has taken downturn by Rs. 300 per ton decline, 
is there anything else without him?  
Sandip Ghose: 
No, we are not seeing any impact there. As I told you, it's a function of, we are luckily, Jyoti, 
given our capacity, as we said, we have been operating at 100% capacity, and we would be very, 
we don't see that as a problem. And I talked about those core markets, touchwood, fingers 
crossed. We have very strong brand assets. We have got very strong go-to-market assets. Today, 
we can say with great deal of, with some degree of, I think, pride, in terms of our people's 
strength, we believe that the employer branding of the company has gone up, significantly, at 
least from how we see interest of people, especially in sales and marketing, to come and join us 
at various levels today.  
 
So, I think we are quite well placed to take on the market opportunities, as soon as there are 
some tailwinds which come in and the market table improves. I deliberately talked about non-
trade, because that's an area where we don't participate, and that's where our area, we are limited 
players, participate in a limited way, and certainly, it is not, OPC is not our preferred product. 
We don't like to do that, but when those segments come down, obviously, there is an impact, a 
spillover impact on the trade segment.  

 
Birla Corporation 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
So, I am taking hope or encouragement from certain pronouncements, which I hear in the market, 
where people are talking about increasing bottom line contribution through realization of Rs. 
200, I expect some of that will come through the non-trade and the OPC segment as well which 
should auger well for trade and the blended cement segment where we are major players.  
Jyoti Gupta: 
Sir, anything that you expect from the Orient, the acquisition of Orient Cement, do you think 
this is with Adani...  
Sandip Ghose: 
We don't operate in that market. We are very small operators in Telangana. We just watch it 
from the ringside. We are on the other side of the fence there sitting in Maharashtra.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prateek Kumar from Jefferies. Please go ahead.  
Prateek Kumar: 
A couple of questions. Firstly, on your premium segment which is like very high overall mix, so 
when you say that the price of the trade segment like sort of gets impacted by non-trade, is the 
premium segment also gets impacted like how the difference like sort of changes?  
Sandip Ghose: 
See, premiums don't exist in isolation. Premium you are always, when you are talking about 
premium, you are talking over a base price. So, if the base price drops, obviously, while the delta 
might remain similar or delta may marginally increase, but overall, in the price table, there is 
you are going to have only so much of a difference between what's happening in a non-trade and 
the trade.  
 
So, our premium, we consider that to be a competitive advantage of this company. As I have 
said in the past that we are one of the few or perhaps the only company where you can say with 
some degree of pride who straddles almost equally between the premium and the popular 
segment. I don't call it popular. I call it the value segment. So, between the value and the 
premium, we operate almost on equal footing.  
 
So, to that extent, we are able to calibrate some of our shifted. So, therefore, in this quarter, you 
will see when part of the realization which we have delivered, why we have been able to keep 
our realization higher or the drop lower than the market drop, is because we have been able to 
shift volumes towards premium in most of our markets. That's how our premium volumes have 
increased. But we don't see any absolute virtue in either premium or value segment. We will 
offer what the customer wants.  
 
And so, if the value segment again picks up, when I am upping my capacity utilization, not all 
of it will come from premium. It will come from value as well, because that's a very important 
segment of the market. You cannot, you don't operate right at the top end. You also, the middle 
matters. And we would like to be present everywhere.  
Prateek Kumar: 
One another question on incentive guidance for 100 crore incentive in FY '25 compares to 160 
crore or 140 to 160 crore in past three years. Is that right or? 

 
Birla Corporation 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Sandip Ghose: 
Yes. Since obviously the delta between what we were getting in Kundanganj and this period, 
especially '24-'25, you will find that as a gap because Kundanganj has stopped from 1st of April 
and only Mukutban is what has come in its place. The Mukutban incentive are lower than what 
we were getting in Kundanganj. So, therefore, that is why you are seeing the 160 to 100, that is 
the kind of gap which you are getting.  
 
Hopefully, next year, as we go on commissioning Kundanganj Line 3, that will get restored. So, 
you will find us back. As I said, it will be a kind of level playing field once more between the 
two places. We will go back to our original levels of incentive in the company.  
Prateek Kumar: 
And the last question on your comment there regarding Orient Cement, you said you sit on the 
corner of the other...  
Sandip Ghose: 
We sit on the other side of the fence because we are in Maharashtra. There mostly in Telengana 
and the South, we don't operate in that market much, in their core Market. Even in Maharashtra, 
they are much more in the Western and the lower parts of it. We are concentrated in Vidarbha 
where they have a very modest presence. And so we will have to see how it pans out post the 
acquisition because I have been reading just like you a lot of analysis.  
 
Because if you were to look at Adani as a combined thing, Adani already has a presence in those 
areas with their own brands of Ambuja and ACC. So, how much is this Orient going to add to 
their presence? You know, it's not easy having brand integration, what will be their brand 
strategy? Those are things. So, we don't see the Orient really affecting us significantly as per 
their existing operation.  
 
In future, I saw that they have got lease in Rajasthan. If that comes up, how that will pan out? 
Or recently, I saw they are tying up on some fly ash in Madhya Pradesh in Betul area. All those 
are in future, but similarly, they had a grinding unit planned in Maharashtra, which they gave 
up. They had a tie up with Adani. Maybe since this was in the anvil, that has come. So, those are 
futuristic, but as on today, Orient and we don't have much of an overlap. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Saraogiji, as you mentioned about 100 crore being the total incentive number that we are 
factoring in for Mukutban, how much actual cash have we received for the first half? Out of the 
17 crore or is the entire balance also suspending?  
Aditya Saraogi: 
See, 100 crore is for the company, not especially Mukutban. There is a small incentive in some 
other units also. In the first half, we have received around 120 crores from Uttar Pradesh.  
Sandip Ghose: 
It's not from Mukutban, boss. These incentives don't happen hand-in-hand and as soon as you 
claim, the next day you get. Like today I believe you are getting income tax refunds immediately, 
24 hours. It doesn't happen in subsidies.  

 
Birla Corporation 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Aditya Saraogi: 
It comes with a lag.  
Sandip Ghose: 
Lag.  
Saket Kapoor: 
So, what is the closing balance, sir? Other than whatever we have booked as incentives, how 
much is still left to be received on the receivable account?  
Aditya Saraogi: 
Excluding West Bengal where the matter is under sub judice, it is about 450 crores. And in fact, 
West Bengal also, there has been a development in the quarter. The state government has filed 
an appeal against the High Court order which has decided the matter in our favor. So that matter 
has also been dismissed by the Supreme Court. So, currently, the state government does not have 
any legal records in the matter.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Can you come again? 450 crore is the figure you mentioned that is still left to be received by 
the...  
Sandip Ghose: 
Total, if you were to say what is the receivable on account of incentives from various 
governments as on date, it is 450 crore.  
Aditya Saraogi: 
Excluding West Bengal.  
Sandip Ghose: 
Excluding West Bengal, where we have an additional amount, which was under, which was sub 
judice because the government had contested it. And that contest has been disposed off by the 
Supreme Court. So, the ball is back in West Bengal government's court, and they will have to, 
when they settle it as a different matter. So, excluding that, it is 450 crores on which we see that 
as a timing issue and not any dispute issue.  
Saket Kapoor: 
And can you mention that figure also, which is in under dispute or litigation from the West 
Bengal government?  
Aditya Saraogi: 
Around 140 crores. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And now we have an upper hand because of the disposal by the Supreme Court. 
Sandip Ghose: 
We were always on an upper hand. We were always on strong grounds. It is not a question of 
any upper hand, lower hand. Nothing underhand.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, Saraogiji, for the capital work in progress, the closing balance stands at...  
Sandip Ghose: 
Any question, Saket, I told you, you are in Kolkata, you can't take advantage of so many 
questions.  

 
Birla Corporation 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, last question. Sir, Sarogiji, the closing balance for capital work in progress is 558 crore. 
With Kundanganj getting operationalized by 1st Quarter, sir, how much will we capitalize 
currently? And for Kundanganj, how much have we spent as of now?  
Aditya Saraogi: 
I can't give you this figure off-hand. You can connect separately on this, please.  
Saket Kapoor: 
And also, sir, in the press release, the update for coal mines are not mentioned, sir. So, if you 
could give some color on that.  
Aditya Saraogi: 
Coal mines, Bikram Coal, we are expecting to start commencement of operation from Q1 of FY 
'26.  
Saket Kapoor: 
And we are still extracting coal, sir, it has not mentioned anywhere in the press release. 
Currently, one of our Bikram Coal work is operationalizing. So, we are extracting coal.  
Saket Kapoor: 
I agree. Where we are extracting as per the capacity of the block, this is around 2,50,000 tons on 
an annual basis.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mangesh from Centrum Broking Limited. Please go ahead.  
Mangesh: 
Sir, my question is regarding demand in UP and MP. So, I just wanted your views in terms of 
how much there could have been the demand decline in this quarter on a Y-o-Y basis, and was 
it only because of monsoon and election after effect, or do you think, you know, and when do 
you expect recovery in the same?  
Sandip Ghose: 
Mangesh, we cannot give you exact as our estimated figures. Those figures of market decline, 
you will get from the analyst figures, because today there is no published data in that regard. So, 
we would not like to comment on that. But in terms of causes, it is also money availability, 
because a lot of fund released from the governments have got delayed in many places, or they 
have got governments have other priorities, it has gone for different schemes in different places.  
 
So, some of the fund release has been an issue in both these markets. And that is what has 
probably delayed some of the state-level development work or development expenditure which 
happens, because money has probably got more to welfare schemes and other stuff. There has 
been no elections, as you know, in MP and UP in the last six months. So, it's that and the overall 
situation.  
Mangesh: 
And sir, another question was on the pricing front. So, we feel that pricing post August has 
improved marginally. But what is the current realization compared to the exit of September? Is 
there any improvement?  
Sandip Ghose: 
I don't think there is any significant improvement, Mangesh. This is based more or less terms. 
One has not really seen any consistent improvement or improvement which sticks. And I 

 
Birla Corporation 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
personally don't expect to see any very significant changes between now and at least till mid-
November.  
Mangesh: 
So, final question to Saraogiji. So, given that we would have a very weak operating cash flow 
this year because of weak realization, do we see debt increasing and any target or guidance on 
debt levels by the end of this year?  
Aditya Saraogi: 
So, debt level, we expect to close around 3,000. Net debt, we expect to close around 3,000 crores. 
So, like our cash from operations has been less than what we had budgeted. But then we have 
also scaled down our CAPEX. I think earlier, we had guided for 1,000 or that also we have 
brought it down to 700. So, we are calibrating our options also according to the insight. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Ravi from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead.  
Rajesh Ravi: 
Two questions. First, the margin guidance for second half, Rs. 170 or which you are looking 
forward to. First half, we have done close to Rs. 540. And even if we add up the Rs. 170, our 
full-year margin would be hardly to the tune of Rs. 620, Rs. 630 versus fully as is. First half, we 
have done 535 and second half, we are looking at Rs. 170 higher, so close to 700 odd. So, the 
full year average would work out to be 620 versus 800 we have done in FY '24. Are you not 
building any price improvement in the second half? Or what is…  
Sandip Ghose: 
Of course, we are building in Rajesh. As we said, Rs. 170 is not going to come purely from cost 
savings. Our cost and other initiatives, as we indicated, will probably give us about Rs. 70 and 
rest will come partly from price and a few other things as well. But we are not being bullish 
enough to say that we are going to get Rs. 200 into the bottom line from price alone. We are 
positioning about, because you know, price increase, if I have to get 100 between now and March 
end, that's an average.  
 
So, average to get there, even if you would, I don't want to get into showing you back of the 
envelope calculations, you see how much it can peak and it's a regional factor. Others, I am not 
questioning other people's projections. They could be having other regions in mind. We don't 
operate in the south where they may be having more. I am looking at the specific market in 
Maharashtra. I told you, I see Maharashtra, I have been cautious in Maharashtra because of 
elections and the post-election impact, because this takes a little time for, you know, again, 
governments to settle down, monies to come out. Maharashtra also, there are various welfare 
schemes and all committed. So, I don't know how soon monies will come and how much impact 
that will have on the demand and the pricing.  
 
Similarly, I am being cautious. Our core markets is East UP and the peak season where all of us 
look at a spurt in volumes and prices, usually, as you know, in this industry from second week 
of January to February middle, that's the real time when you find historically, cement prices go 
up sharply. But that's the time when we are going to see UP some major dislocations, okay, with 

 
Birla Corporation 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
the Maha Kumbh and everything else, and that time movement becomes an issue and various 
things.  
 
So, we are being perhaps, you might say, a little extra cautious, but we would rather be 
conservative than be foolish and come back to you cutting our sorry face when we speak in three 
months’ time.  
Rajesh Ravi: 
And on volumes, any thought process, what sort of growth Q2 obviously has been bad and for 
full year?  
Sandip Ghose: 
We mentioned that, Rajesh, we are looking at second half, about around 8%, 7% to 8%.  
Rajesh Ravi: 
And last question, sir, there is too long a large investment sitting on your books, UltraTech and 
Century Textiles, cumulatively, if I look at approximately 700 odd core value. So, is there any 
thought? Do the management or the promoters have any willingness, or can these be sold off 
and used to reduce debt or for some other efficiency programs? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
There is no embargo in selling these investments. We have the mandate by the Board, we can 
sell these investments whenever we want to. These are non-strategic investments, but we will 
not sell these to settle or reduce debt. So, if we feel like we can deploy this proceeds from the 
sale of these investments into a productive asset which can give good return those kind of things, 
at that point of time we will consider.  
Rajesh Ravi: 
So, because you would be doing this Maihar expansion also, so this could come handy. 
Sandip Ghose: 
It could come for various things, Rajesh. This is, you know, we would do at the time of our 
choosing and in terms of the opportunity. Since you have been associated with the company 
from a very long time, you would know that we were sitting on a fairly large treasury balance 
for a long time till we made our Reliance acquisition. So, we did it at the right opportunity when 
we felt it was right in our prudence. Similarly, we will take a call on that, but we don't have any 
compulsion right now to dilute our debt by selling this. That is certainly a question we can tell 
you categorically that's not in terms of our plan.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Girija Rai from YES Securities. Please go ahead. 
Girija Rai: 
See, getting incentive as the additional money makes sense, and it is really adding to the 
profitability, but in terms of core business, so if I see in 4th Quarter FY '24, we have done an 
EBITDA per ton of around 974, which is pretty good. And significantly, I can see 1st Quarter, 
second quarter, there is a huge decline. Even in fact, second quarter FY '25 we saw around 50%, 
60% of decline from 4th Quarter if I compare. So, again, 4th Quarter will be a volume driven 
quarter. Obviously, volume is higher. Then again, your EBITDA per ton will come down.  

 
Birla Corporation 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
So, my question is that, so what kind of projections we can go ahead for 4th Quarter FY '25 
EBITDA per ton? Is this the mark we can see somewhere in between 700 to 800? Because price, 
again, I do not see much price kind of appreciation in coming near term.  
Sandip Ghose: 
I see that's your view. You have to take a view, and it is not also a question of your view versus 
our view. You have to see the entire thing. We can only give you our point of view. First of all, 
when you are looking at last year 4th Quarter to now, obviously you will agree that the drop 
which you have seen is not isolated for us. Already you have seen three, four companies' results 
are declared, and we are no exception in that pattern. And in fact, in some ways, from whatever 
we have seen, you are a better analyst. Maybe we have done a tad better than other people in 
terms of the management of the bottom line in terms of the drop. So, that's being one.  
 
Now, if you were to compare, to answer one question of yours last year, last year was very 
interesting. I found it slightly odd in a way, the 4th Quarter. Historically, in cement from as long 
as I have been, 4th Quarter, the surge you see is both of volumes and prices. Last year, 4th 
Quarter was only volume without prices. There was no substantial increase in prices. There was 
a surge in volume.  
 
Now, this 4th Quarter is a matter of conjecture. When you are talking of volumes, whether it 
will be volumes in isolation, if it is volumes in isolation, not just for us, others who are projecting 
Rs. 200, where will the Rs. 200 come from? Obviously, that has to come along with a surge in 
prices. Now, for the Rs. 200, what other people are projecting, we would not see it. We would 
not bet our horses to expect it will be that high.  
 
So, we are being conservative in this, but we certainly see a price improvement in the last quarter. 
And where I see the price improvement coming, without getting more specific, despite some of 
the other issues which we talked about, the elections in Maharashtra or Uttar Pradesh, Prayagraj, 
etc., and what I hinted in the beginning, I think the prices today, real abnormal prices are in the 
non-trade. And if the non-trade prices pick up, and people become more, there is more rational 
pricing in non-trade, and especially in the OPC segment, I see you are immediately going to see 
a positive impact or positive rub-off spillover in the trade segment.  
 
And that has happened in the last two months also. If you see what are the areas where there has 
been improvement in prices, when we talk of nationally, you don't see any kind of price changes 
between August, September, October, but areas where there has been actually a price increase, 
say, North has recorded some price increase. The North price increase has essentially come, if 
you go through, it has come because people have corrected the non-trade prices. Before that, 
non-trade was pulling trade hugely down. Once some amount of sanity was restored in the non-
trade prices, trade picked up.  
 
Similarly, we therefore hope that if that phenomena you see across geographies, if not across the 
country, you will start seeing some impact of that coming. And so, at least you will get back to 

 
Birla Corporation 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
normal levels. Right now, I think the prices are depressed below normal, and that will come and 
once that level playing field, if we come back to that by November or December end, which is 
entirely possible, it is just a matter of, as I said, some sanity getting restored. If that happens, last 
quarter, you are going to see both volume and price increase. People are talking about pent-up 
demand. Pent-up demand will come. With pent-up demand, obviously price will also go. It is 
not going to be just volume.  
Girija Rai: 
Sorry to cut you off. So, you mean to say the price level, which is hovering right now, so this is 
bottom out since there is no further decline in price, it is like, I can just assuming, or is there any 
kind of further, I mean to say there is no further decline in price, and there might be some chance 
if the momentum go up?  
Sandip Ghose: 
Yes, I think that will be a fair assumption. Things can only improve here. I don't see further 
decline happening because whatever disturbances, those are more or less done. Now Diwali 
over. Chhath will be over. By then your new crops will come in. In the harvesting season, money 
will be there in the system, all of that. Labor will return back from the Chhath thing, then 
harvesting and all that, people will go back. I don't see, therefore, certainly scope for further 
slide and decline. And I repeat myself again and again, that is the only conjecture I am making, 
sticking my neck out, if sanity returns in non-trade prices, which are obviously in the hands of 
the big players, who are big players who participate in non-trade or especially on national 
accounts etc., you are going to see benefits of positive rub-off of that also on trade. 
Girija Rai: 
Sir, my second question is into premium segment. Right now it is 71% it seems, right?  
Sandip Ghose: 
61%.  
Girija Rai: 
So, this has improved a lot, like it was 51, now it is 61.  
Sandip Ghose: 
I wouldn't call it improvement. It will be wrong on my part to, as I was trying to clarify earlier, 
this is strategic. If today the prices have come down and if I am selling below capacity for 
whatever reason I can't participate, I would focus which is giving me the maximum return. So, 
it is a combination of product mix and geo mix.  
 
So, if I am selling in markets which are giving me the geo mix wise it is the best market because 
it is close to my operations and in those areas, if my premium product has a greater pull, I will 
sell more. I have got nothing against selling anything in the value or the popular segment. Okay? 
But if the value and popular segment I find there is more maramari happening and here I have 
got a thing, I would rather take the Rs. 20, Rs. 25 premium, but I don't want to vacate that 
segment.  
 
This is a very unique advantage this company has. I don't know how many people recognize 
that. We are a company where we have almost equal, we straddle between both the segments 
almost equally, okay.  

 
Birla Corporation 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Girija Rai: 
Yes, I truly agree with this because we are the highest premium segment sell in the industry it 
seems, and that is a good part in our company.  
Sandip Ghose: 
Both sides, boss, to use my favorite expression, we are a double engine company.  
Girija Rai: 
And lastly, what was the Mukutban utilization rate in this quarter?  
Sandip Ghose: 
Rajesh, let's move on to the other one. We have given the figures.  
Girija Rai: 
I will get it.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raaj from Arjav Partners. Please go ahead.  
Raaj: 
I just wanted to know your full-year growth guidance.  
Sandip Ghose: 
Boss, we have said that, boss, already. We have said. We repeat that full year growth guidance 
we have said in terms of volumes, we said 3% to 4%, and we have given just now as you heard 
our EBITDA also we have given. As I said volume we have given already. We said about a full 
year volume will be about 4%. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
3% to 4%. 
Sandip Ghose: 
3% to 4% is what we have said. And EBITDA also we have given. H2, we have told about Rs. 
170 over H1, which is about 530. So, you can do your averaging of the two and come to the 
number just like Rajesh did just before your question.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit from Axis Capital. Please go ahead.  
Amit: 
So, I just wanted to check captive coal mining status and when would you start the captive coal 
mines, and also with the pet-coke pricing now having come off and rupees kcal, I think pet-coke 
is now almost 1.5. What kind of cost benefits would still come in from the captive coal mines? 
Sandip Ghose: 
Captive coal mines as already we had informed for the Bikram, already Sial Ghoghri is in 
operation for which we do around 2.5 to 3 lakhs tons per annum and for Bikram Coal Mines, we 
are going to start the first coal production going to start from the Q1 FY '26, and pet-coke because 
our only requirement of the pet-coke is only in one plant only, and we have reduced the 
requirement of the pet-coke and more on we are in the indigenous coal. And wherever there is a 
change in the prices, we take it to account, and our coal, fuel prices, you can see in the last 
quarter is 1.47 paisa per kilo cal, and it will be, if the changes are there, we are not seeing much 
of changes. Maybe slight change will be there depending on the prices of the pet-coke which is 
going in the market now.  

 
Birla Corporation 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Aditya Saraogi: 
So, in terms of the cost differential, our cost from Bikram coal block is expected to be around 
Rs. 1.10 paisa per 1,000 kilo cal, and the ongoing rate for fuel in the central region is between 
140 and 150. So, that is the kind of difference that exists as per the current fuel prices.  
Sandip Ghose: 
Thank you very much. I think that brings us to the last question, and it is really heartening to see 
we are ending the day with 150 people on the call. That is very encouraging. Thank you so much 
for joining, taking the time out on a busy day. I see today there were at least three con calls in 
the cement sector. There are one in the morning, one now, and one after us so that you took time 
out for us. It is really heartening. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of HDFC Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
