Regd. Office: 
1, Golf Avenue, Adjoining KGA Golf Course, 
ROYAL ORCHID HOTELS LTD., 
HAL Airport Road, Kodihalli, Bangalore- 560 008, India. 
T +91 80 41783000, F: +91 80 252 03366 
www.royalorchidhotels.com 
Date: November 22, 2024 
To, 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 532699 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
GIN : L55101KA1986PLC007392 
email : investors@royalorchidhotels.com 
To, 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: ROHL TD 
Re: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter and 
Half Year ended September 30, 2024 
Pursuant to 
Regulation 
30 
of SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call for the Second Quarter and Half Year ended September 30, 2024 
held on November 19, 2024. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company 
www.royalorchidhotels.com 
This is for your kind information and records. 
Thanking You. 
Yours Faithfully, 
Royal Orchid Ho~ls Limited 
/ 
(/") 
Encl: A/A 

 
 
 
ROYAL ORCHID HOTELS LIMITED 
 
Q2 & H1 FY25 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
November 19, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Chander K Baljee - Chairman & Managing Director 
Mr. Arjun Baljee - President 
Mr. Keshav Baljee - Non-Executive Director 
Mr. Philip Logan - Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. Amit Jaiswal - Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 19, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you all to the Q2 and H1 FY '25 
Post Earnings Conference Call of Royal Orchid Hotels Limited. 
Today on the call from the management team we have with us Mr. 
Chander K Baljee, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Arjun 
Baljee, President; Mr. Keshav Baljee, Non-Executive Director; Mr. 
Philip Logan, Chief Operating Officer; and Mr. Amit Jaiswal, Chief 
Financial Officer. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded. I would 
now request the management to detail us about the business and 
performance highlights for the quarter that went by and their growth 
plans and vision for the coming year, post which we will open the 
floor for Q&A. Over to the management team. 
 
Chander K Baljee: 
Good evening, and warm welcome to everyone. Thank you for joining 
us for the Royal Orchid Hotels Limited earnings conference call for 
the second quarter and H1 results for the financial year '24-'25. Please 
note that Q2 results, press release and investor presentation are 
available on the exchanges. I hope you have got the opportunity to 
browse through the highlights of the performance. In this quarter, we 
have seen the business disruption like heavy rains, which did affect 
the business adversely to some extent, however we continue to do 
well. 
 
In the second quarter, we've added two hotels with 91 keys. The 
company is growing and with a strong business model and effective 
risk mitigation strategy. We are working to post better margin in the 
coming quarter than what the company has witnessed in the recent 
past. 
 
Financial highlights of the company for the second quarter, '24-'25 on 
a stand-alone basis are as follows: Standalone. Standalone income for 
second quarter of '24-'25 was ₹51.94 crores as compared to ₹45.50 
crores in '23-'24, a growth of 14%. Standalone EBITDA for second 
quarter '24-'25 was ₹16.02 crores as compared to ₹14.02 crores in '23-
'24, a growth of 14%. Standalone PAT before exceptional items for 
second quarter of '24-'25 stood at ₹6.2 crores as compared to ₹4.94 
crores, a growth of 26%. Consolidated income for second quarter of 
'24-'25 was ₹78.32 crores as compared to ₹70.07 crores in '23-'24, a 
growth of 12%. 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 19, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
Consolidated EBITDA for second quarter of '24-'25 was ₹19.36 crores 
as compared to ₹18.94 crores in '23-'24, a growth of 2%. Consolidated 
PAT for the second quarter of '24-'25 was flat at ₹7.26 crores as 
compared to ₹7.21 crores in '23-'24. 
 
Before I go to explain the performance of the company, I would like 
to state that the company EPS remains strong at ₹2.73 per share for 
the quarter as against ₹2.49 per share in the same quarter last year. We 
are working at a fast pace to complete our 300 room hotel in Mumbai 
and hopefully, we should be able to start operation towards the end of 
the current financial year. 
 
Now I understand that you must be thinking that however the 
consolidated income of the company has grown 12%, but why the 
consolidated EBITDA has grown only by 2% and the PAT has 
remained flat as compared to the quarter of the last financial year. The 
primary reason for the same was the result of Ind AS. We have 
uploaded in our investor presentation the results with Ind AS and 
without Ind AS. A perusal of the same will reveal that without Ind AS, 
our PAT for the quarter would have been ₹8.72 crores instead of ₹7.52 
crores as reported by us. 
 
This Ind AS adjustments need to be done as per accounting standards. 
However, they're not cash in nature. And you will find the company 
has got very healthy cash profits. As you see, the company is growing 
and has to support the growth of the company were required to 
increase this bandwidth of operation for which it was required to 
increase its workforce in different regions, which the company did. 
The cost of the above started immediately where revenue of the same 
will come in times to come. 
 
For this, the company incurred additional cost of more than ₹6 lakhs 
as compared to last year this quarter. This is a prime reason for cost 
escalation, which could be seen as investment for the future growth. 
We are refurbishing some of our assets which started last year, but 
because it's being done in the operating itself, we've done slowly 
without shutting the hotel. The same resulted in increase in repair and 
maintenance costs by ₹1.28 crores, but the same was necessary to 
remain in competition. 
 
We launched a new loyalty program for the guests. We have incurred 
a onetime expense of ₹57 lakhs for the same. The management has set 
out a strategy to diverse its product offering, provide unique customer 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 19, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
experience and work toward a robust balance sheet. I would like to 
conclude my opening remarks by saying that our company is doing 
well. And in the long run, we will be a company to reckon with. 
 
We're also looking to get new hotels under revenue share model as 
well as under management route. We have a strong capital good 
deployment strategy, which will make our company very strong, and 
we will produce good financial results and we move ahead during the 
current financial year. 
 
Thank you now, and we can throw the floor open for questions. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Anybody who wishes to ask a question may use the option 
of raise hand. Alternatively, you may also drop a message on the chat 
and we'll invite you to ask the question. So the first question in the 
chat window is basically, we would like to know more about your new 
five star brand? And what is the development with respect to the 
project upcoming in Mumbai? 
 
Chander K Baljee: 
I'll ask Arjun to answer this question. 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
Good afternoon, everyone. The project is well underway. It's close to 
300 rooms, multiple F&B offerings by the end of December, the most 
of the hotel will be ready. We're in the middle of applying for all the 
licenses. And as you know, currently, there's elections going on in 
Mumbai and files are obviously slow to be approved. 
 
So we hope by the first or second week of December, we should have 
the first of the licenses ready and then in January to -- let's say, by the 
end of February, we should have the project ready along with the 
operating licenses in place. The hotel is very different to what we 
currently have in terms of the room design or the service experience 
against the kind of amenities that it would have. 
 
And hence, it was necessary to create an upscale lifestyle offering. We 
don't call it luxury, we don't call it five star as upscale lifestyle. And 
this would be the first of many in our portfolio that we would then 
eventually end up rolling out. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Anil Kataria. Mr. Anil, 
you can unmute and go ahead please. 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 19, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Anil Kataria: 
Yeah. My first question is regarding the operating EBITDA. Because 
if you find the consolidated, if we remove the other income, then the 
operating EBITDA is significantly lower because, operating other 
income is only a onetime item. So consolidated EBITDA for this 
quarter is about ₹4.5 crores lower than the last year. 
 
It may be because the reasons explained that employee cost is higher 
and other expenses because of the refurbishment costs. But this sort of 
flattish sort of trend is continuing for many quarters. So that is why it 
has resulted into a lower earning multiple for our company. And I was 
given to understand that in the last con-call that we were given to 
understand that probably by '26, we would get into a different league 
of ₹100 crore of PAT and all. So I just want to understand, are we on 
track to achieve that sort of bottom line by 2026? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Yeah, Mr. Kataria, your question is well phrased. See, as Mr. Baljee 
gave the explanation certain cost has gone up, which is around ₹2.5 
crores, ₹2.6 crore, okay? Apart from that, the Ind AS effect also is 
there, roughly around ₹2 crores is the Ind AS effect, which gets our 
EBITDA down, okay? 
 
So all these things put together, but yeah, but you're pointing a right 
thing that the growth we are not able to see in the EBITDA as such. 
The very basic reason is this, that we are looking forward to a 
phenomenal increase in the revenues in next couple of years. Next 
year and post that. So we have to increase our bandwidth from now. It 
cannot happen overnight. So probably because of that, certain cost, 
which has gone up actually which has started going up from now, but 
yes, we are in line with what we have said for 2026 and '27. I think it 
is definitely doable. We will be overachieving that. 
 
Anil Kataria: 
Okay, good luck. 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Anil. We'll take the next question from the line of Piyush 
Patel. Piyush, you can go ahead, please. 
 
Piyush Patel: 
Hello sir, thank you for the opportunity. Can you share reasons for the 
softer average occupancy? 
 
Philip Logan: 
Yes. Good afternoon. A couple of reasons. Royal Orchid Central, 
we're pivoting from what has been a volume-led previous strategy on 
rate and moving rate in Royal Orchid Central. Previous market was 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 19, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
largely pharma driven and group, and MG Road, we're refurbishing 
slowly and upgrading. And we're moving our rate to an FIT rate. 
 
So that's in line with lifting based on investment. In Royal Orchid 
Bangalore, we're also in the middle of refurbishment plans and 
actually refurbishing and moving our product to an FIT, a much more 
upmarket and reestablishing Royal Orchid from a rate-driven rather 
than volume strategy. 
 
And as we go across some of our smaller assets, Metropole and 
Brindavan, again, we're pivoting to rate as we refurbish Metropole. 
And in one market, we did suffer in North Goa, it's very public, 
actually in the papers, if you read, North Goa was actually really 
suffering as a micro market, and it did affect us year-on-year in 
quarter two. But that being said, that was largely a one-off period due 
to weather. 
 
Piyush Patel: 
Sure. And your recent case with SAT stay, can you share the eventual 
liability on the company and promoters in this case? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Yeah. As far as the SEBI is concerned, let me tell you, Mr. Patel, that 
initial order, if you look at of SEBI, there were twofold. One was the 
accounting treatment and the second was that allegation against the 
promoters that they have sold shares under some insider thing and all, 
but we are glad to inform that the SEBI, the final order has come 
wherein they have removed all the allegations against the promoter 
sale of share. That has been dropped. 
 
But they are stuck to the accounting treatment, okay? So there was a 
levy of penalty on three of the management as well as the company. 
We have gone to SAT and we have filed an appeal, and we got a stay 
from the SAT on that. And presently, we are contesting it in SAT. 
 
Piyush Patel: 
Yeah. Okay. And the ARR hiring, JLO, however, managed hotels has 
seen a drop in ARR versus Q1. What is driving this? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
No. See, managed hotel, as I've explained earlier, that whenever a 
hotel is opened, no, so like 20 hotels we would have opened in last 
one year. So any hotel, it takes six months' time to catch up on the 
occupancy as well as the ARRs. So initially, this number what we give 
is the average numbers. But the existing hotel have definitely done 
well than last year. But it's just the new hotel what we have added, 
they need to catch up in six months' time. 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 19, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Piyush Patel: 
Okay, got it. Thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Piyush. We will take the next question from the line of Rahul 
Bhangadia. Rahul, you can go ahead, please. 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
Thank you for taking my questions. First of all, besides the ₹3 crore 
number that is mentioned in the notes to accounts, is there any other 
one-off that you have put in the other income in this segment? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
No, no. The other are general thing. There's no one-odd therein. It 
continues to be there every quarter. 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
Only that ₹3 Cr number is one-off, right? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Yes. It's one-time. Yes. 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
The other question I had, sir, is that the leisure side of the revenue has 
come down this quarter year-on-year both ways. And I understand that 
from the previous answer that a lot of it has to do with the weather 
part of it. The managed hotel revenue has also come down Y-o-Y. So 
a big part of the leisure and the managed, there is an overlap there? Is 
that what we should understand? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Yes, yes. 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
Yes, yes. That's true. The vast number of our leisure hotels are 
managed. And the additions in the last 18 months or so have 
predominantly been in the managed space and in the leisure space. 
Hotels, Mr. Jaiswal as a CFO, he is aggressive and says it takes six 
months for a hotel to stabilise, but I can tell you with utmost certainty 
that if you open a hotel, it takes a minimum of 12 months for the 
market to even recognise its existence. So we've heard comments 
about for the last couple of quarters, we've made statements. But the 
reality is that it does take three to four quarters for any form of 
decision that the management makes to actually materialise at the end. 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
So to add to Mr. Arjun Baljee's statement, Rahul, I would like to say 
that, see, the hard work what we have done in the last two, three years 
by adding so many hotels, we will reap the benefit of this in next 15 
years. So that's how we are planning the way forward. 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
No. But just to add to Mr. Kataria's question that he asked just a while 
back, is that when do we actually see this in the quarter? It will be 
recognised that you have worked hard to build and to reach the place 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 19, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
where we have. But when do we actually see this in the numbers 
because quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year... 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
It's not quarter. 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
The reality is that this is, say, a two-quarter phenomenon. And you 
know that Q1 is the lowest in the hotel business, Q2 is slightly higher, 
Q3 is higher than that and Q4 is kind of the best, right? This is the 
cyclical nature of our industry. Now these openings will start showing 
results from Q4 predominantly, is when you really start seeing things 
move up. A lot of our effort, right and if you look at some of the 
numbers, right? We're among the highest return on capital employed 
in the industry. 
 
We have robust EPS among the highest out there. Now all of this stuff 
has been done with a conscious effort to say how do we deploy capital 
to yield you the investor the best return on your investment, right? 
And yes, it has to reflect in a share price at some point, but it will start. 
You'll see these with Mumbai coming on and a bunch of other revenue 
shares that we've signed coming on stream, right? Towards the end of 
this year, I mean we only see a huge positivity going forward. 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
Yeah, see actually, as investors, obviously, stock price is one of the 
factors, but we essentially try and see when does the company start 
reporting better numbers because stock price is just a reflection of that. 
It's nothing more than that, frankly speaking. So that is why the 
question is around the performance rather than stock price, will take 
care of itself as and when the performance kind of reported numbers 
improve. So stock price is just a byproduct. Just the last question here, 
sir, what is the status on the Surat project? 
 
Philip Logan: 
On Surat, we currently have 188 rooms in, it's 288-key property. It's a 
managed property. We're currently using with -- it's called Surat, The 
World managed by Royal Orchid. We won't be rebranding until such 
time as the asset is completely finished. Now the asset itself is a 
beautiful asset, where we've opened a restaurant. It's obviously Surat, 
so it doesn't have a bar. We have opened in Delhi. We finished a 
gaming room, they're currently building a spa. They're currently 
building a gymnasium. 
 
We have signed two large contracts that have given us a base income. 
And we're currently managing through banqueting spaces adjacent to 
the building. The building is sitting next to 40,000 square meters of 
lawn areas. So we're currently working with wedding business and 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 19, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
wedding planners. It's ahead of the game, to be frank, the Surat 
property is the furthest away from the current CBD, but it's closest to 
the new speed train that will go BKC to Surat. It's the closest one, it 
will to be 2.4 kilometres and its closest to the significant build of the 
Diamond Bourse that's being built in Surat. 
 
And again, that's been built ahead of time. So over the next 18 months, 
the owner will complete the rooms and the product will be one asset 
that will be seen to be ahead of its time. And without going into it, 
there's a couple of large accounts that are talking to us that are 
currently with other brands. And again, the asset itself is one and two 
bedroom long-stay apartments. So it's a lovely asset. It will take time 
to gestate. It's a very big building. It's the largest inventory in Surat -- 
not in Surat, in Gujarat. 
 
And by key space, it's one of the largest hotels in the Northwest of 
India. So it will take time, but it's certainly doing some really good 
numbers, and we're starting to see some business flowing in. 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
Okay. In the middle, the video got stuck a bit. So sorry, if we were 
mentioned by when do you expect the full property to be operational 
on the... 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
So Rahulji, I think as Mr. Logan was saying, it's a deliberate attempt 
at phasing the opening of the hotel to keep it in line with the increase 
in the business that is coming into the property. It's a 288-key 
property, right? And we started with 96, we've doubled that over the 
last six months to 188. And we will get to the 288 keys, I would say in 
about 12 months from now, right? Along with each one of the room 
opening, the room blocks, I guess, room floors opening, a couple of 
new facilities are added to it. 
 
And that is done with a very deliberate strategy so that the owner is 
not overburden. See, listen, we're a management contract, right? At 
the core of it all, the guy who will end up losing with such a large 
hotel right with heightened costs and all of that stuff is the owner. And 
we have to be extremely mindful, right, of our responsibility to the 
owners' profitability as well, okay? So hence, it's a 12-month cycle, 
from now to 12 months, every quarter, something new is added and 
we're very happy to see that every quarter, the hotel perform 
significantly better than it did in the last quarter. 
 
Philip Logan: 
And what it will do, it will reposition the hotel business in Surat. So I 
think we've signed an excellent contract. We've got a good owner. It's 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 19, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
a beautiful asset. And over the period of the next 12, 18 months, we'll 
turn [indiscernible] [0:23:53] and really look amazing. And I've got to 
say to you that when that speed train opens, it will be seen to be a 
genius signing and a genius build that someone built so close. The 
City in Hyderabad of 2006 when someone built in HICC in Financial 
District was seem to be crazy and Tank Bund was the heart of town 
and Road number one, 20 years later, Financial District is the heart of 
finance and heart of business and hotels in Hyderabad. 
 
So this is another one of those where you've got something built ahead 
of its time. We've got to manage professionally and also manage in 
line with the market and bring it on. So those things we're working on, 
and it's a phase process. 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
Thank you for answering all my questions. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks Rahul. We'll take the next question from Chirag Singhal. 
Chirag, you can go ahead, please. 
 
Chirag Singhal: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Firstly, I wanted to know what were 
the expenses that were relating to the two leased hotels that are 
coming up, one in Gurgaon and one in Mumbai. How much expenses 
were incurred during the quarter? And in the next one to two quarters, 
if you can just give a number as to what kind of expenses will come in 
the P&L, which are attributed to those two hotels? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
See, Chirag, there is no expense which has hit the P&L in the second 
quarter for these two projects, please understand. What we have done, 
in Mumbai, we have given a refundable deposit, okay? We are not 
spending the money, it's on lease. So we're not spending the money as 
such. So we have given only an ₹40 crore refundable deposit, which 
was given in the first quarter itself, okay? 
 
Now as far as the Gurgaon is concerned, again, we have given around 
₹61 lakhs of deposit. Another, I think, ₹30 lakhs further we have to 
pay once the hotel is ready for operation. And apart from that in 
Gurgaon, still we have not done anything. We might have to do some 
working capital or some loose furnitures fittings and all the stuff. 
 
Chirag Singhal: 
I was asking more from the context of, I think a couple of con calls 
back you mentioned that you need to hire some employees before... 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
Yes, so from a project management perspective, and of course, with a 
hotel like Mumbai, right? If you have to open in March of next year, 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 19, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
we need to start top level management already is on board, and they're 
coming on board by the end of this year that is a cost to them. January 
onwards, you'd have a full-fledged team on board, right? If we have to 
open in March, right? So those are our costs that we will be incurring, 
but again... 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Second quarter, nothing is there. 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
Nothing. It's Q3 onwards that costs are being incurred in this asset in 
Mumbai. In Gurgaon, no costs on our balance sheet have been 
incurred so far. 
 
Chirag Singhal: 
So in Q3 and Q4 can you give like a tentative number? Like what kind 
of cost we should be expecting, which will be attributed to these 
hotels? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
See, as far as the cost is concerned, there will not be any operating 
cost as such, because the operating costs will start only when the hotel 
starts its operations, okay? So we are looking at some time in the end 
of the financial year, maybe in March, the Bombay one may start. So 
some costs will be there. Monthly costs will be around ₹3 crores. So in 
March, maybe ₹1 crores, ₹1.5 crores we might have to spend. But 
Gurgaon is going to start in April. So this year, nothing will come. 
 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay. I'll get back in the queue for any further details. Thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Sanika Khemani in line from chat. 
Sanika, you can unmute and ask your question, please. Yes, I'll ask on 
her behalf. Can you please tell us what are your guidance for FY '26 
and FY '27? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
FY '26 and FY '27. FY '26, like earlier, we had said we will be 
touching somewhere around ₹500 crores of the top line. And FY '27, 
another addition of some 20% might be there. It is very difficult to say 
for '27 right now. But '26, definitely, we will be touching around ₹500 
crores of the top line. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Riya S. Riya you can 
please ask your question. 
 
Riya S: 
Good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity. You have mentioned 
the renovation cost is ₹1.28 crores in quarter two. Is it done or is there 
more to go? And how much more can be expected in the second half? 
What is the level of renovation now pending? 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 19, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
See, in the second half also, we will find roughly around ₹3 crores to 
₹4 crores of cost, which may go into the renovation expenses, roughly. 
 
Riya S: 
And what is the level of renovation now pending and in which hotels, 
since this also impacts the occupancy rates and ARRs? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Yeah. So see, what we have done in the -- our flagship hotel 
renovation was going on that is about to complete now. Maybe in a 
week's time, it will be over for the areas what we have taken. And then 
there will be some small renovation will be there in our resort also... 
 
Chander K Baljee: 
We have done 24 rooms have been completed, another 28 rooms will 
be taken up a little later, because it's early now the season. So 
probably in March, we'll take up the balance then they'll complete two 
floors, about 54 rooms-or-so will get completed, and they have come 
out very well, received very well by the market. 
 
So our ARR should shoot up about 25% of this hotel brand new. And 
we are adding 28 rooms in the resort, which are existing inventory of 
54 rooms. 28 rooms these are wooden cottages, very nicely up market 
wooden cottages. And as the thing got delayed because of rains, so 
work could not go on, but now work has picked up, and we hope that 
in the next quarter, they should be commissioned and we should start 
getting revenues from there, because inventory is small, and there's a 
pent-up demand in that particular area, so we should get more income 
out of that. 
 
Like for Metropole now, we already renovated a part of it. And the 
balanced renovation would only be taken up in March, April, but we 
are definitely -- ARR is now moving up there. And of course, while 
the work was being done, there was a loss of revenue, but that is 
inevitable. 
 
Riya S: 
I also wanted to know what's your current number of hotels and keys 
across all hotels? And how would this be divided into and JLO and 
managed hotels? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
So we have given a breakup in the slide, if you look at it -- in our 
investor presentation, we have given a breakup, in Slide 15, there is a 
breakup of owned lease JV managed and total. So owned is 398 keys, 
leased is 688, joint venture is 193 keys and managed and franchisee 
5,277 keys, adding up to 6,556 keys totally. 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 19, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Riya S: 
Okay. Also, when we see last year September '23 presentation, you 
had totally 6,898 rooms and plans to add 1,250 keys, that would have 
brought us to 8,148 keys against this, we have reached 8,223 keys. 
From here, we are guiding for additional 2,100 keys. Can we safely 
assume we will achieve this target as well? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Yeah, we will be crossing. This ₹8,223 is including that. See, 8,223 
what we have given in our slide in the presentation, okay? That is in 
Slide 11 we have given that is including this 2,100, 1,600 upcoming 
hotels keys. 
 
Riya S: 
Yes, you have achieved the target. We want to know how to look at 
next 12 months? 
 
Chander K Baljee: 
See project do get delayed, and we are pretty much following up on all 
these 21 upcoming hotels. And we had hoped that within this financial 
year, they will get operational. But the chances are that a few of them 
will get pushed into the first half of the next year. But the story doesn't 
end here, because we are getting pretty aggressive in terms of 
onboarding some of our existing properties and reflagging them. 
We're working towards that also. So if we get some property, then that 
would not take too long for it to be converted. So I think that will also 
come in. So certain projects which have got delayed, but we hope to 
get certain project conversions. So pretty much, we may hit this target, 
8,000-plus rooms. 
 
Riya S: 
Okay. Thank you. All the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks Riya. We'll take the next question from the line of Harsh 
Parekh. Harsh you can unmute and go ahead, please. 
 
Harsh Parekh: 
Thank you. We see in the balance sheet that the parent company 
targets consultancy from a fully owned subsidiary. Can you tell us 
what is this on account of? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
No, we have this wholly owned subsidiary associated hotel where we 
have parked all our management fees, managed hotels. From there, we 
charge a cost to them, and we transfer it to the stand alone. 
 
Harsh Parekh: 
Okay. And what will be the CapEx for the Gurgaon hotels? And what 
is the share of Royal Orchid in the same? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Gurgaon hotel, CapEx will be around ₹5 crores, not more than that. 
And the second question was yours? 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 19, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
It's a revenue share. It's not a share. So we will own 100% of the 
revenue, and we will give the landlord a fixed rent on the asset when 
completed. 
 
Harsh Parekh: 
Okay. And any plans to enter into the service apartments business and 
any other GLO hotel plans similar to Surat and Mumbai? 
 
Chander K Baljee: 
See, we are, of course, service apartment like our business in Gurgaon 
is actually serviced apartments partly, and some are rooms and even 
Surat are a large number of the serviced apartments. But our 
experience has been that nowadays with Zomato and all the food 
deliveries coming in, people are not cooking in their apartment. 
They're just using usually the microwave to hit what they get from 
outside. So I think for long term, yes, people are looking at serviced 
apartment, because of short supply of daily help and worker, they are 
looking at service apartment. So as and when the opportunity come, 
we will get into that also. 
 
Harsh Parekh: 
Okay. Got it. And one last follow-up question. The subsidiary for 
managed hotels, will the company look to unlock value in this 
management hotel company? 
 
Chander K Baljee: 
Well, too early to say right now, but we will be, once we are 
stabilising all our operations, which we are aggressively doing right 
now, we look at that option also. 
 
Harsh Parekh: 
All right. And all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks Harsh. Anybody who wish to ask a question can raise hand or 
can post their question in the chat box. Okay, so Chirag has a follow-
up question. You can please go ahead. 
 
Chirag Singhal: 
I had a question on renovation expenses. So any managed contracts, 
who incurs the cost towards renovation? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
The owner incurs. 
 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay. So there is no like it's not on us... 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
No, no. 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
Chirag, wherever we own the P&L, we incur cost. Wherever we earn a 
commission, the owner incurs the cost. That's simple. 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 19, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
 
Chirag Singhal: 
So this ₹10 crore to ₹15-odd crores of renovation expense per year 
you are incurring close to ₹2 crores, ₹2.5 crores for the next half 
you're suggesting ₹4 crores. So let's take ₹8 crores and ₹9 crores for 
the full-year renovation expense. Is this something that one needs to 
consider every year or this was like a one-off for this year and... 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
No, no. Chirag, as you know, right from before the COVID and then 
three years, we didn't spend any money in this -- so that is why this 
figure is looking big in the current. But we started from last year 
October onwards. So that is why I don't think so, running hotels, you 
have to incur this kind of cost every year. It has not happened in the 
past. 
 
From last year, we started, because you have to be in the business for 
next four, five years, every four, five years, you need to do some 
expenses, no? So that is coming now. Otherwise, see like in our 
flagship, once it is done, we'll not touch it for next seven, eight years. 
So like that it happens. 
 
Chirag Singhal: 
Like can you give me some idea as to what like whether or not there 
will be any renovation expense for next year, which is FY '25? And if 
yes, then how much should we be... 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
FY '25, there is no any kind of significant... 
 
Chirag Singhal: 
Sorry, I mean FY '26... 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
FY '26, there will not be much any significant expenses as such. 
Maybe one hotel, Brindavan Garden is there, which we are supposed 
to do, which we have not done some part, maybe ₹1 crore-or-so or ₹2 
crores, it may come for the entire financial year. Nothing any major... 
 
Chander K Baljee: 
See, these are some of the things which some of our owned hotels 
we're looking at that, okay. For example we have taken over Royal 
Orchid Central in Bangalore. So right now, the hotel is doing very 
well. So on a need basis, we will decide what to do. And we'll do in 
phases. It's not that we're going to shut down the hotel and renovate 
the whole place. We'll take it floor-by-floor. And that as and when the 
need arise, we'll do that. And we'll keep you informed quarter-to-
quarter. We can't tell you right now that, okay, this next year we'll 
spend this much. If there's a need, we'll spend it. 
 
Chirag Singhal: 
Thank you. 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 19, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Chirag. We'll take the next question from the line of 
Rishith Shah. Rishith, you can go ahead. 
 
Rishith Shah: 
Yes, good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. Two questions. So 
firstly, basically, we have been kind of talking about renovations, and 
we are also highlighting the cost that we are incurring. So due to the 
renovations and also due to the favourable demand supply dynamics 
that we see in industry and as is being commented by most of the 
players, do we see an ARR increase or what kind of ARR increase do 
we see shaping up in the next maybe couple of quarters or in the next 
year? 
 
Chander K Baljee: 
So overall, I feel that the revenue should go up by next year by 15% of 
the existing hotels. And of course, we are adding the new hotel, 
Bombay, that will give us bump up. So I think that should happen in 
the next year, because there will be an increase in, you see the benefit 
of this renovation will come in the next year from April onwards, the 
benefit of this renovation will come, benefit of expansion will come, 
and also that bump up of the new property that'll also come. 
 
So that's why we are looking very optimistic about the [indiscernible] 
[0:42:17], but we're not taking a very, very aggressive risks in doing 
our properties, because we don't want to take loans from the bank and 
then do all this work. Most of the renovation is being done through 
internally generated resources. And I think things are looking quite 
well. 
 
Rishith Shah: 
Right. And a follow-up on that, a large part of this 15% like-for-like 
growth will come from the growth in ARR, because occupancy is 
almost like we are... 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
It's a combination, right? You need ARR, occupancy and F&D and 
other income growth per hotel. So I think it has to be a combination of 
everything. It's not just ARR 15% up. So you've got to slice and dice it 
across the board. 
 
Philip Logan: 
When you renovate, when you lift your product, you necessarily able 
to identify at a different market, which allows you to get a higher 
capture rate, which allows you to get a higher capture rate in food and 
beverage, because a person who pays more has more disposable 
income to spend more. So there's a natural flow on. And as you build 
out your business, as you renovate your reputation grows, your public 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 19, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
channel grows and then it starts to self-perpetuate. So there's a whole, 
it sits right across. 
 
Rishith Shah: 
Understood. Thanks for that. And secondly, I missed one of the earlier 
questions. So the 1,600 rooms that we are expecting to add, can you 
highlight the timeline for this? 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
Predominantly, most of those rooms should be on stream by the end of 
this financial year. We have three openings coming up in the next 
month or so. And there are six hotels that would get pushed into the 
term between April and that Q1 of next year. So we've got out of the 
21 hotels, we're really looking at 16 to open over the next four to five 
months. 
 
Rishith Shah: 
Okay. Understood. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Anyone else wishes to ask a question. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Since there are no further questions, we request the management to 
give their closing comments. 
 
Chander K Baljee: 
Well, thank you very much for joining us in this call and asking us all 
your doubts and questions which we will be very happy to do that. We 
have over the period of last one year, an adviser Vinay have made 
much more disclosures in our presentation, and we are a very 
transparent company, and we'll continue to do that. 
 
And we hope that we are beefing up our Directors team also. We have 
a new Independent Director who has joined us with the vast 
experience in the Taj Group of Hotels. So he's also joined us. We hope 
that because side-by-side improving the product, we need to improve 
our team also. 
 
So that is, we are well aware of that. We have got a very senior 
training manager we've appointed. So we are working towards 
everything to make this company to, one the company to be reckoned 
with in the near future. We have also introduced a loyalty program. 
Earlier, we had a royalty program, it's not that we didn't have a loyalty 
program. But we did have a loyalty program, but which was really 
manual. So there were a lot of errors and delays in redemption of 
points and all that. 
 
So now today, we have got about 3.5 lakh members in the loyalty 
program. And it's likely to grow further. And once we have a loyalty 

Royal Orchid Hotels Limited (ROHLTD) 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 19, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
program, you get a lot of repeat customers, like when you go to an 
airline, we used to always go to Jet Airways earlier because they used 
to give us loyalty points and Indigo will not give us loyalty points. 
 
Of course, unfortunately, we lost all that and with Kingfisher also, but 
we are hoping because we have amongst such are bigger chain -- 
amongst in our mid-market space, we are the ones which got the best 
loyalty program and if we get a customer from our loyalty program as 
against a customer from an OTA, like MakeMyTrip and all that, our 
cost of customer acquisition comes down. 
 
So I think we're working on that, has started doing very well. And if 
there are any niches, we're going to hire it out. And then it's always 
been aggressively marketed by all our hotels. So we hope that this will 
become an income generator for the company, as well as create a lot 
of loyalty and a lot of new schemes. See, what happens is when you 
introduce something new or you open a new hotel, you already have a 
list of X numbers of who you send mailers to. 
 
Now if we get hundreds and thousands of mailers and WhatsApp and 
we don't have a look at it. But if you receive a mailer as a loyalty 
member, we'll definitely have a look at it, because we know that there 
will be something for us in that. So the eyeballs are there for internal 
promotion and loyalty program. I think we are working towards all the 
things which are required to make this company a stable, a great 
company. We're not taking undue risk at this moment, because as I 
said that sometimes there are uncertainties in the world. So the awards 
are there. 
 
Sometimes, as I said, they are uncertain within the country, there was 
this floods and which affected the hill business as well as the beach 
area of business. So we are going with little caution, but at the same 
time, we are not being foolishly aggressive, but we are definitely 
pushing everybody to grow our business. Thank you. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you, sir, and thank you to all the participants for joining on this 
call, and thank you to the management team for giving us their 
valuable time. This brings us to the end of today's conference call. 
Thank you. 
 
Chander K Baljee: 
Thank you. 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Thank you. 
Arjun Baljee: 
Thank you. 
