                  Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd. 
Mahindra Towers, 
Dr. G. M. Bhosale Marg, 
Worli, Mumbai 400 018 India 
 
Tel: +91 22 2490 1441 
Fax: +91 22 2490 0833 
www.mahindra.com 
Regd. Office: Gateway Building, Apollo Bunder, Mumbai 400 001, India | Tel: +91 22 6897 5500 | Fax: 
+91 22 22875485 | Email: group.communication@mahindramail.com | mahindra.com | 
CIN No. L65990MH1945PLC004558 
 
REF:NS:SEC: 
11th November, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
"Exchange Plaza", 5th Floor,  
Plot No.C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051. 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400001. 
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
35A Boulevard Joseph II,  
L-1840 Luxembourg.  
  London Stock Exchange Plc 
10 Paternoster Square 
London EC4M 7LS. 
 
Sub:  Disclosure of Transcript of the Analyst/ Institutional Investor Meeting 
 
This is further to our letter dated 28th October, 2024, wherein we had given you an advance 
intimation of the upcoming Analyst or Institutional Investor Meeting in terms of Regulation 30(6) 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
The Company had conducted M&M Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Con-Call with Several Funds/ 
Investors/Analysts (Group Meet) on 7th November, 2024 with respect to the Unaudited Standalone 
and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the Second Quarter and Half year ended 
on 30th September, 2024 in Mumbai and the Presentation(s) made there at along with the weblink 
of the Presentation(s) and weblink of the AV Recording of the said Earnings Call was submitted 
vide our letter dated 7th November, 2024. 
 
The Transcript of the aforesaid M&M Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Call with Several Funds/ 
Investors/Analysts is enclosed and is also available on the Company’s website and can be accessed 
at: https://www.mahindra.com/sites/default/files/2024-11/Transcript-M-and-M-Q2F25-Analyst-Meet-
7th_Nov_2024%20Final.pdf. 
 
Please note that the Company has referred to publicly available documents for discussions and 
no unpublished price sensitive information has been shared during the aforesaid Earnings Call. 
 
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge receipt. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LIMITED                     
 
 
          
NARAYAN SHANKAR  
COMPANY SECRETARY  
 
Encl.: as above 
NARAYAN 
SHANKAR
Digitally signed by 
NARAYAN SHANKAR 
Date: 2024.11.11 
14:30:34 +05'30'

1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Mahindra & Mahindra Limited Q2 FY25 Analyst 
Meet” 
 
Nov 7, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
DR. ANISH SHAH – GROUP CEO & MD, MAHINDRA & 
MAHINDRA LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH JEJURIKAR - ED AND CEO, AUTO AND FARM 
SECTORS, MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LIMITED 
MR. AMARJYOTI BARUA - GROUP CFO, MAHINDRA & 
MAHINDRA LIMITED 
 
 
 

2 
 
 
 
Q2 FY25 Analyst Meet of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
November 7, 2024 
Moderator: 
− Good afternoon, everyone and a very warm welcome to the Quarter 2 Analysts Meet 
of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited. We have with us today our group CEO and MD - 
Dr. Anish Shah, ED and CEO of our Auto and Farm business - Mr. Rajesh Jerurikar and 
our Group CFO - Mr. Amarjyoti Barua. Once the presentation concludes we will 
commence the Q&A Session. Just as a reminder this meeting is being recorded. For 
the purpose of completeness, I do wish to read this out. 
− Certain statements in this meeting with regard to our future growth prospects are 
forward-looking statements which involve a number of risks and uncertainties that 
could cause actual results to be materially different from those in such forward-
looking statements.  
− With that I now hand over to Dr. Shah for his opening remarks.  
− Dr. Anish Shah – Group CEO & MD, Mahindra & Mahindra Limited: 
− Good afternoon, everyone. Good evening to folks who are joining online or good 
morning as well. Before we start the presentation, I'd just like to say that this is one 
quarter where we've seen all our businesses come together. While we've always 
driven consistent operating performance, we've always had something not moving 
exactly as it needed to. But this is one time when we're starting to see everything 
move in the right direction. So very glad to start with that.  
− Auto and farm, with a very strong operating performance. Auto revenue market 
share is at 21.9%, up almost 2 percentage points versus last year. PBIT margin up 
significantly as well at 140 basis points versus the prior year same quarter. Farm 
market share up almost 1 percentage point, fairly significant given that we are in the 
low 40s in terms of market share, and there again margins up 150 basis points versus 
the same quarter last year. Services, an area that we have talked about a lot, has 
seen an 80% growth in Profit After Tax, that's driven by TechM, Mahindra Finance 
and our other growth gems. TechM has seen traction in BFSI. EBIT is up almost 5 
percentage points, yes, from a low base and there is more to do on that front. So, we 
continue to drive margin expansion in Tech Mahindra.  
− Mahindra Finance while there's been a lot of commentary on it, this is a business 
that continues on the right track from a turnaround standpoint. Asset quality has 
been the most important thing. In fact, in ‘22 we talked about getting to GS3 of less 
than 6%. We are less than 4% and continue to be. It's at 3.8 right now. We will see 
some variation between 3.6, 3.8, 4 in that sense, but that's part of the business itself. 
And the key is, that is a very significant change in business model in terms of leaving 

3 
 
out certain segments that contributed to higher volatility and getting to a much 
more stable ways.  
− In addition to that Asset Under Management are up 20%. PAT is up 36% actually, and 
GS-3 is within range at 3.8%, with end losses down to about a percent or so. So 
overall on a fairly strong trajectory, I'll talk about that a little more, resulting in a 
consolidated PAT of 35% higher than where we were last year same quarter, 3,171 
crores. And ROE, we maintain 18% and we are at 18.9 in terms of this quarter.  
− As you look at the numbers, Revenue close to 38,000 crores up 10%. Profit After Tax 
up 35%, as I mentioned. That does include gain in terms of sale of land, which is not 
an operating income. And if you exclude that it's up 22% from the same quarter last 
year. Key drivers on the consolidated PAT Auto and Farm, up 23%. I talked about 
margins, market share. In addition, Rajesh will talk about the new launches and the 
success that we've seen there.  
− Tech Mahindra, what you see here is a significant growth versus last year same 
quarter. As I mentioned last year same quarter was muted, it had come down, and 
therefore, we're sort of getting back closer to where our normal would be, and then 
go beyond that to increase the margin and close the gap further with our 
competitors.  
− Mahindra Finance up 36% . Growth gems, what you see here is a gain last year that 
included revaluation of Teqo, as Ontario Teachers came in and took a stake in that. 
And excluding that revaluation gain last year, we are up 72% in terms of other 
growth gems. The growth gems, I will say, that we are not as focused on the profit 
number every quarter. We are building these businesses for the long term. We want 
a 5x worth in these businesses long term. So, we will see some volatility possibly in 
profit quarter-to-quarter. It's a good time for me to say it when we are up 72%, so 
I'm not saying it when we are down something. But that is something we keep in 
mind, we are building these for the long term, not for quarter-to-quarter profits at 
this point.  
− The one thing I do want to mention on this page before I move forward is, our 
renewables business Susten, we had talked about 5 gigawatts in 5 years, so 1 
gigawatt a year. In this last quarter, in one quarter alone, we got almost 1 gigawatt, 
and that's coming off 2 gigawatts last year. So, this business is starting to move at a 
much faster pace than what we had planned for.  
− Capitalizing on market leadership with Auto and Farm: I spoke earlier about a market 
share volumes up 18%, margins up. Capacity is at 54,000 now. We had talked about 
getting to 49 at the end of last year, we did. We had talked about getting to 54 now, 
we have. And we have spoken about adding capacity for Electric, which is well 
underway and in terms of plan and what we've said in line with it at this point in 
time.  
− Farm we're seeing an uptick in rural sentiment, and Rajesh again will talk about that. 
We are seeing some challenges in international businesses and we'll talk more about 
that in the coming quarters. But a lot of it is driven by market outlook or what the 
market's been doing in the US significantly down versus where it has been, and 

4 
 
hyperinflation in Turkey that we've seen, which does impact the accounting 
numbers. So, we are, as we always do, and I'll pre-empt a question here, doing a 
detailed analysis of companies especially under stress, does not mean we exit 
companies when they're under stress, because many of these have a good strong 
long-term potential, and we've just got to work through that stress. We've got to 
make sure that we are certain that we can win, we are certain that we can get that 
long-term potential, and if at some point we feel we cannot in any company, then 
we will take action on it at that point in time, but we're not there as yet.  
− Mahindra Finance: I will highlight the fact that disbursements were down 1%, and 
that is something that we're really not concerned about because our focus has been 
on building the new model and growing the right way. Growth is there in this 
business in a significant manner. If this business… We tell the business don't grow at 
all costs, grow responsibly. And if that means slightly slower growth in a particular 
quarter, that's fine. But make sure that the asset quality stays strong, make sure that 
we're doing everything from a technology and data standpoint that we said we will 
do, and more importantly, start the diversification process. That is one area we've 
been slower than what we have promised so far, because we wanted to make sure 
controls were right and the business was set up well, not to have surprises, and 
that's a process we are starting now with expansion into mortgage, and you will see 
more of that in the coming quarters.  
− Tech Mahindra: From an industry standpoint is seeing a mixed demand outlook. 
Some positivity in certain areas. BFSI has been a good space for this business, and 
something that has helped Tech Mahindra diversify into new areas as well. And I 
talked about the focus on margins that we have here. 
− In terms of three of our growth gems, logistics is starting to see some uptick in 
volume. It has been an industry that's seen somewhat muted volume for a few 
quarters, and we're starting to see some of that come back. A lot of cost efficiency 
initiatives are underway, and there is stronger execution that we are seeing. We still 
have some more work to do on that front with regard to the express business and 
the integration of Rivigo, which has caused some of the profit impact in this 
business. But on balance, the business is in an industry with tremendous potential 
and has a very good set of customers, has a very good operating model, and it's one 
that we feel very, very confident about.  
− Hospitality is moving well. All parameters are looking good, and we are exploring 
what are avenues for further expansion of this business, and we'll come back once 
we outline some of those avenues.  
− Real estate business is obviously operating in a very strong industry tailwind at this 
point in time, and is doing very well, not just in terms of that tailwind, not just in 
terms of land acquisition which you see on this page, but also in terms of 
profitability, in terms of executing very well on projects, delivering the profitability 
that we expect in those projects, and that's a significant change in terms of having 
this business move forward well, and one that gives us more confidence around the 
strength that we have in the business and the ability for it to grow further.  

5 
 
− So with that, the standard slide that I end with, which is a consistent delivery on 
commitments. We stay above 18 % for ROE. And on EPS growth, as we look at F22 
onwards, which is where we had made the commitment, we are at a 40% CAGR as 
we stand today.  
− With that let me invite Rajesh to take you through some of the details on the Auto 
and Farm businesses.  
− Mr. Rajesh Jerurikar - Executive Director & CEO (Auto and Farm Sector), Mahindra 
Group: 
− Hi. Greetings everyone depending on where you are. I'll quickly walk you through 
these slides. You've seen the numbers I'm not going to belabour them, so that gives 
us enough time for questions. So, we've had a 4% growth in the quarter on the 
tractor side. Exports were up 27%. The key news here is the market share has 
continued to be very strong. And in fact, October was keeping up with that 
momentum of even going above the average that we've had year-to-date, taking our 
YTD October market share to 43.7%.  
− A few awards that we won. The Farm Machinery business has shown good growth, 
but we would expect it to do better. It's not done you know fully to the expectations 
that we would like. And there are a set of things we're doing. There's a new 
upgraded Swaraj harvester which has just gone in this season. We've seen some 
good momentum on that, and we do want to see the Farm Machinery business grow 
at rates higher than what you're seeing here.  
− The Farm consolidated numbers, we’ve got a 6% growth. Anish did talk about the 
effect of some of our international subsidiaries impacting this, and one of the key 
ones has been North America where the market has shrunk significantly. So, we've 
seen 11 quarters of industry degrowth there, which means like when you look at it 
on a point-to-point three-year basis and industry size of tractors less than 100 Horse 
Power, which was about 300,000 is now about 180,000. That’s the kind of degrowth 
we've seen over the last 2 ½ to 3 years. We do expect this to come back as interest 
rates come down. Some of this was triggered by political uncertainty, a little bit of 
wait and watch. So we do think that this is going to revive and come back, but that is 
impacting our numbers. The Turkish inflation accounting, hyperinflation, as it's 
called, is not a cash impact, it's an accounting impact which we've been reckoning 
over the last few quarters. Turkey continues to have a huge amount of inflation.  
− The Farm margins, Just focus on the tractor margin to begin with, has come in at a 
good number of 18.7%. As you'll know, Quarter 2 is a low volume quarter. So, in a 
low volume quarter, an 18.7% margin, we believe, is a good margin for us.  
− This is a slide we often show you to show how we are able to deliver a consistent 
margin percentage irrespective of the industry growth percentages that are 
happening.  
− We've seen some very good improvement in rural momentum over the last few 
weeks, maybe 6-7 weeks if I would say, so starting mid to end September as we got 
into the season. We are revising our outlook for the year to between 6-7%, which 

6 
 
means the second half growth is expected to be between 13 to 15% for tractors. 
There are several factors here, I know all of you studied this very closely, but we 
have seen, I'm sure you'll have more questions on this, but a very good retail 
momentum on tractors through the, what we call, the Navratra to Diwali period.  
− Very strong volume growth in SUVs which has led to a revenue market share 
increase. And on the LCV side, we've been talking about a difficult industry growth 
scenario over the last few quarters. We are, finally in October, seeing a positive 
turnaround on the industry growth. One of the parameters that we watch closely for 
pickups is, the mandi arrivals because we see demand getting linked to that. And 
that, in the second half of October has gone up by 20%. So this is the first time we 
are seeing a change momentum, and that's why the last 10-15 days of the festival 
season, for multiple factors including some of the ones that I spoke about, has seen a 
very good momentum on the tractor side. Three launches on the Auto side in the 
last six months. Two of course have been there now for a while. Veero has just got 
into the market, but initial feedback has been very good.  
− Just a quick look at the numbers for you by the way volumes and shares have grown 
on the SUV segment. The Thar did very well. We got 1.3 billion video views, and all of 
it organic. Just multiple sets of people who put out videos, huge number of visits to 
our websites. And of course, you all know the booking number, but there is a huge 
amount of excitement and enthusiasm and passion around Thar Roxx as a brand.  
− The LCV, of course, we've been strong on market share and that's been growing. I 
just talked about the industry which has been more subdued, but hopefully, we 
should start seeing a turnaround there. This is on the Veero launch which happened 
in September. We believe we have a very good product. Not only is it very capable 
from a commercial vehicle segment point of view, but it's the first real car-like 
product, and we have actually seen in a category like this for the first time, a skew to 
the top version, which comes with the infotainment system and all of that, which is 
unlike what we've seen where we've tried to do things like this in the commercial 
vehicle in the past.  
− Some awards on the Auto side. This is out of the FADA survey that was done. It was a 
large sample size survey of 5,000 customers in which we ranked Number 2 in 
customer after sales experience and Number 2 in dealer satisfaction.  
− The Last Mile Mobility is a segment which is electrifying really fast. Last quarter saw 
20% electrification in the segment. We continue to remain Number 1 by way of 
market share, but we're seeing a very, very rapid pace of adoption of electric in the 
three-wheeler segment. We also launched an electric four-wheeler which we call 
Zeo, which has just happened towards the end of September, actually early October.  
− The Auto consolidated numbers are very strong, 36% PBIT growth and 15% revenue 
growth. The margin has been very strong at 9.5%. There was some conversation 
around whether the 700 price drop will affect our financials and our margins and so 
on and so forth, and we were very sure of the impact that this was going to have and 
the reasons why we did it. We can talk more if any of you have questions, but you 
can clearly see that we have been able to get an absolute profit growth and a 
percentage margin in spite of the actions that we took. We believe that's actually 

7 
 
been a good enabler because 700 volumes are very strong now and we have the mix 
back to the top end.  
− I'll end with this slide which is, we're finally ready to reveal the two, we're calling it 
now ‘electric origin SUVs’. We're naming them BE 6e and XEV 9e. So, these two 
products will be revealed in November and will be in market in early part of 2025. 
More of that after 26th November; the event we have in Chennai.  
− I'll just leave you with a teaser before Amar comes and takes over. Thank you. 
− (Teaser plays) 
− Mr. Amarjyoti Barua – Group CFO, Mahindra Group: 
− I hope you are as excited as I am about these launches. I know many of you will be 
joining us, so, look forward to seeing you all there. I'll just wrap up with some key 
messages. You've already heard the numbers so I'm not going to go too much into 
the numbers, but here are the key messages.  
− When you look at our consolidated performance, as Anish mentioned, this is the one 
time where the entire group has come together really well and this is what is a 
reflection of the strategy that we have been executing. So in the consolidated 
revenues, you see a huge contribution of Auto of course, at 15% but matched as 
much by the services segment at around 12%. Farm is the one where we did see 
some stress, primarily driven not by domestic, but by international subs. And as we 
mentioned, that's something that we are going to evaluate. Again, from a long-term 
lens, these are not short-term decisions anybody is going to take, these are from a 
long term what makes sense.  
− When you think about the same on the profit side, very strong performance from 
auto again, you saw the results, 36% up in PBIT. Farm is actually up despite the 
challenge on the revenue side from international subs, was up around 6%. But what 
has also helped is tremendous growth and profitability on the services side.  
− Mahindra Finance and TechM of course, you've heard enough of from Anish. I'd also 
like to call out that the growth gems, Accelo in particular did well. Logistics had good 
revenue growth even though profitability is something that we are continuing to 
work on. And so, overall, the group really came together this quarter. I'll call out the 
gain on land sale, Anish did as well. Without that it would still be a very, very 
impressive 22% growth for the group.  
− Key message here is, you can see, the Services box is as big as the Auto box. And 
that's the key thing that we want our strategy to be executing towards is, every part 
of this group should be contributing to the profit growth. And we see this. And 
hopefully, with the outlook that Rajesh laid out for the second half for the Farm 
business, we'll continue to see some of this come from the Farm segment as well.  
− Standalone, here's what it looks like. Again, calling out the gain on land sale. But I'll 
remind you that last year we did have the Last Mile Mobility gain as well. So, like-to-
like basis, this has not really impacted much of the growth. So, when you look at the 
standalone results, they were actually very strong. And this question comes up a lot, 

8 
 
was there any unusual outside of this? I can only tell you, look at the other income 
and all that they're pretty much flat year-over-year. So, there wasn't anything 
unusual. It's really the strong segment performance that you saw in Auto and Farm 
that has helped these results.  
− Now when you look at all of this, you'll ask the very next question, which is, how 
should we think about the rest of the year? So, we don't give guidance for rates and 
all that, but I can at least tell you directionally how to think about things. As Rajesh 
mentioned on Auto, we are very committed to what we said, which is mid to high 
teens growth in volumes. So that will be the tailwind. What we have to work through 
is, we do have a lot of launch expenses, especially in Q3. So, there'll be some 
temporary pressure on margins that you will see, but that's not a long-term thing, it's 
a temporary thing. On the Farm side, with the tailwind of the domestic market, we 
should see growth in the second half of this year. And what we need to just make 
sure is, that the international subs we are really looking at closely to make sure 
nothing is dragging us down too much.  
− And when you look at the Services franchise, that should see significant growth as 
well, simply because Mahindra finance credit costs should come down, as Anish 
mentioned. The best way to think about a financial services business and the 
sustainability of the results beyond the top line growth is, are you going to see credit 
costs stable or coming down? And when you look at the end losses, which is where 
we are actually saying that somebody had taken a certain amount and we lost a 
certain amount of what we gave out, the end losses have continued to come down 
in Mahindra  finance. And so, that's going to result in overall credit costs coming 
down in the second half, and TechM should continue on the improvement trajectory 
it is on. And growth gems generally do better in the second half anyway, so we 
should see that as well.  
− So that's the way to think about the consolidated results in the second half. Strong 
Auto, should be strong Farm, and we should see good strength in Services, with 
some blips as we have to deal with launch costs and marketing expenses and all that, 
which could be one quarter to another.  
− With that I'll wrap up and we'll open up for questions. Thank you.  
Question & Answer Session: 
− Moderator: 
− We’ll just wait for a few minutes. We can start with the Q&A. Go ahead, Kapil.  
− Mr. Kapil Singh – Participant: 
− Thank you. Congratulations, team. I think a very strong performance considering it 
was a tough quarter generally for the industry as a whole. I'll start from that only. 
What are you observing as far as demand conditions are concerned? Is it still that 
SUV demand is fairly good, and it's the car segment which is slow, or even SUV 
demand is slowing down? And within that context, for M&M as a whole, should we 
expect that now since you're going to launch electrics, but we see underlying 
momentum for ICE products also very strong. So, how should we think or how are 

9 
 
you thinking about your capacity on the ICE side? Because most of the incremental 
capacity seems to be coming on BEV side, right? So, is there some rethink happening 
on ICE capacity and ICE growth as well?  
− Mr. Rajesh Jerurikar - Executive Director & CEO (Auto and Farm Sector), Mahindra 
Group: 
− Yeah, so Kapil, I think all OEMs had a very good festival season. Not everything 
translated for all OEMs by way of billing growth because many were working on 
down stocking more than some others. But I think the festival season was good for 
everybody. We had a very good festival season too. We do see our momentum 
sustain through the remaining part of the year on the back of some of the launches 
which have gone very well. I do think there is fundamental stress in urban India at 
the moment, and I think that is going to be there for some time. So, we are not 
changing our projections, as Amar said, because we believe that the products that 
we've launched are going to keep that momentum going, and we should hence hit 
for the full year 15-18% growth for the SUV portfolio.  
− To your point on capacities, so we had 49,000 and we said we'll add 5,000 of Thar 
which has happened, so we are at 54,000. The first step for Thar Roxx is to increase 
the fungibility. So, within the 9,500 we said there was some fungibility. Within two 
months we'll build full fungibility in, so that we can go into any mix. Right now, we 
can’t. There is a mix of fungibility, but we'll make that fully fungible in the next two 
months. So, by say Jan we should be fully fungible. In the next six months we'll then 
also move 9.5 to 11.5. So, theoretically, 54 will become 56 odd. At this point of time, 
we don't have an additional capacity increase plan for ICE vehicles. We do feel a 
need to go back to the drawing board on that, given that some of the products have 
done better than what we thought, 3XO being one. It has done more than what we 
thought. So, some of our plants like Nashik now is like completely… because 3XO 
comes out of there, Thar is coming out of there, Thar Roxx is coming out of there, 
Scorpio Classic continues to do well. So, we are capacity constrained right now on 
some of the ICE models. We are not sure exactly what we are going to do, but we 
will be working on what we need to do by way of strengthening the ICE 
manufacturing footprint as well. The EV capacities of course will start kicking in as 
soon as we start production, and that in Phase I we will be adding 10K.  
− Obviously, there will be some cannibalisation, so we do want to wait and watch for 
what is the extent of cannibalisation, though some of the products we are sure is not 
going to be… for example 3XO is not going to have any cannibalisation with the 
electric origins that we do, I don't think Thar will either. So, I think we are in that 
stage of calibrating that we do need to do something on ICE capacity. How much of it 
can be tweaked within the existing infrastructure and plants that we have, is what is 
really the exercise on hand at the moment.  
− Dr. Anish Shah - MD & CEO, Mahindra Group: 
− Just to add to that, as you are aware, on ICE we have literally gone 3x in capacity in 
the last four years, from 19 to 56, that Rajesh was talking about. And at 56, we 
hadn't expected to be capacity constrained, and that is a good problem to have. So 

10 
 
that is something that we will work out in terms of what is required. And Electric, as 
Rajesh said, 100,000 is an annual number, but that is something we will add.  
− I just want to in a sense clarify that any new category will take some time. So, I just 
wouldn't… New category, in the sense, of Electric. I wouldn’t expect the same sort of 
enthusiasm that is there for ICE products to happen in Electric starting day one, and I 
say day one because it's electric origin products that we are bringing in, and from a 
product standpoint they are outstanding. You've seen them a few months ago. But 
as we've seen the performance over the last few months we feel very confident in 
terms of the product itself. They will speak for themselves when you see them again 
later this month. But the products are outstanding. If it were ICE it would have taken 
off at a very very different level. A new category will take a little longer. So, I just 
want to make sure that we have that expectation setting in a sense in terms of 
Electric.  
− Mr. Kapil – Participant: 
− And the second question, I have to ask you about the price cut you took on 700. It 
seems to have played out well but very well actually, but I would like you to talk a 
little bit more about it. How did it play out in terms of mix? And we've literally not 
seen any impact on margins. So is it that there were some commodity benefits or the 
mix itself took care of the price cut?  
− Mr. Rajesh Jerurikar - Executive Director & CEO (Auto and Farm Sector), Mahindra 
Group: 
− So, Kapil the answer is a combination of both. So, when we took the decision we had 
said that you know we've seen benefits on commodities, but more importantly on 
the market driven pricing of chips that we were buying earlier which had pushed 
costs up quite significantly in the shortage era. So, we were in a situation when we 
took this call, and that's where we started flagging this off from February onwards, 
that we did feel that we have to make the brand more accessible. Making the brand 
more accessible we did in two steps.  
− The first one was to launch an AX5 select which kind of got into the 17 odd lakh kind 
of price point. But we knew that that's not going to be enough and it would need a 
second stage of actually making the attractive part of our portfolio very accessible, 
which was the two top-end versions, which is the AX7 and AX7L. AX7 and AX7L were 
always about 75% of the mix, which had come down to about 50% of the mix. So, 
when we took this decision, it was a combination of costs have come down. We 
expect that if you make the top two versions very accessible on price, the mix will go 
up and the total volume will go up, and all of this happened. So basically, the total 
volume went up from an average of about 6,000 to 8,500, and of course, in the 
festival season it boomed way beyond that number or our imagination. And the mix 
has gone up back to the top two versions about 70-75%. So, the mix has gone up, the 
total volume has gone up, and actually, the top two versions are back on waiting list. 
− Mr. Kapil – Participant: 
− All right, congratulations on that decision. I think it was wonderful. Thank you. 

11 
 
− Participant: 
− Hi team, congratulations for a good set of numbers. So, I'll focus a little bit about on 
the automotive margin and the tractor margin outlook. So, when we look at the 
automotive side, we clearly have the rural segment surprising on positively, urban 
seeing a little bit of a slowdown. In that sort of an environment do you anticipate 
more sales promotion expenditure in coming quarters? Similarly, if you could also 
comment a little bit about raw material pricing pressure? Like one of your 
competitors talked about 50 basis point pressure in last quarter. So, anything that 
you anticipate in your thing? And lastly as you look at Auto margins in the future, 
you also have electric vehicles coming up. Could you share a little bit of thoughts 
about how to think about that as a percentage of mix and its impact on the Auto 
margins? Thanks. 
− Mr. Rajesh Jerurikar - Executive Director & CEO (Auto and Farm Sector), Mahindra 
Group: 
− Yeah, so actually the stress, as I mentioned earlier, is going to be more urban than 
rural at this point of time. We're seeing rural ease on the tractor side, which will flow 
over into the SUVs. LCV was one we were very tentative on till now, because you 
know, we're not able to understand why it wasn't picking up. We think, have a 
deeper understanding of that, and we believe that LCV is at a point where we will 
start seeing market growth. One of the key drivers of that, because you know we 
were seeing tractor beginning to pick momentum but LCV wasn't. And the reasons 
for that was a lot of LCV is driven by what happens to fruits and vegetables, and 
there was a lot of food fruit and vegetable crop that had got destroyed even as the 
rains… the rains were very good. It was actually because there was flooding and very 
heavy rains and late rains. So, we had two or three crops of fruits and vegetables 
being destroyed which was affecting mandi arrivals, which has an immediate impact 
on LCV demand. That has changed from October onward. So, that's a big change 
event, and that's possibly why we've seen a better LCV momentum than we've seen 
on many quarters. So, we're not, at this point of time, attributing any of the future 
outlook to a negative rural scenario. Roughly, right now, in the CV side, about 65% of 
our mix is rural, 35 is urban. On the SUV side it's roughly equal; a little bit more 
urban. Something like 52-48 kind of thing, between urban and rural. So, we have 
actually a good mix between urban and rural.  
− On the question on commodities, by and large, benign. The rubber has seen a spike, 
which has some impact on tractors, and something on base metals. But by and large, 
at this point of time, the outlook is reasonably benign. So, we are not too worried 
about commodity, except on the tractor side because of the rubber. Of course, some 
of that will impact tires on the Auto side, but that's a small percentage of total cost.  
− On the Born Electric, the EV portfolio that we launch, that's a separate company. As 
you all know, it's a separate subsidiary. The percentage margins are going to be 
significantly lower because of the denominator effect. We will call that out 
separately, so you can see the two margins separately. Initially, as Amar called out, 
there will be marketing costs. For example, we will have marketing costs in Quarter 3 
with no sale because we are starting the build-up. We will have some depreciation 
that will start to kick in in the quarter, against which there's going to be no revenue. 

12 
 
So, there was some call out that we are doing on Quarter 3 on Electric as we are 
going into the build-up. But that will show as part of the consolidated and subsidiary. 
That's not going to be a part of the standalone since that's a separate company. Over 
a period of time, we do expect the unit margin, which is the value-based Rupees per 
unit margin, to be similar to ICE as we get past the launch phase but as a percentage, 
that's going to be definitely much lower than ICE because of the denominator effect. 
So we just need to keep… and we'll call that out separately so you can see the effect 
of that of ICE versus EV.  
− Dr. Anish Shah - MD & CEO, Mahindra Group: 
− Because of the GST difference.  
− Participant: 
− And you will also be eligible for PLI? Like you go through that process?  
− Mr. Rajesh Jerurikar - Executive Director & CEO (Auto and Farm Sector), Mahindra 
Group: 
− Yeah, well we hope to be eligible for PLI. So, the process now, we will, hopefully by 
end November, early December, file the application for a few of the variants. That is 
a 90-day process of to get the approval, which is based on them validating the DVA 
and so on and so forth. So, we will not be ready to submit all the variants at one time 
because it's a huge amount of documentation that needs to be done. So, we will do 
that and we would have some production in this year which would not be PLI, 
because you have a 90-day window to get the certification, and now anything that is 
produced before the certificate you can't claim for PLI. So, there's going to be some 
transition issue. But fundamentally, we expect to get the PLI once we get the 
approvals done after the 90-day of submission, which will be for a few variants to 
begin with, and then we'll add some as we go.  
− Participant: 
− Thanks.  
− Moderator: 
− We’ll just take a couple of questions online. Anish this is for you. From SBI Pension 
Fund, Anish has asked the question: Are we looking at buying a stake in Volkswagen 
India? What are the synergies if any?  
− Dr. Anish Shah - MD & CEO, Mahindra Group: 
− As I've said last time, we continue to have discussions across our group companies 
with various opportunities, and if we feel at any point in time that an opportunity 
makes sense, it's profitable for us, meets the conditions we've laid out, then we will 
have a further conversation and have that discussion with you as well.  
− Moderator: 

13 
 
− There's another question from Bank of America – Gunjan: Among the unlisted 
subsidiaries such as Accelo and Last Mile, which ones are the ones which are most 
advanced in terms of scale and profitability? And also, which are the ones which 
could go public first?  
− Dr. Anish Shah - MD & CEO, Mahindra Group: 
− Interesting question Gunjan. I would say that all of our Growth Gems  are actually 
firing on all cylinders right now. I talked about our renewables business, Susten. 
There the InvIT is already a listed entity. We've got a very good team in the InvIT. The 
InvIT is doing well. The core business is growing at a very, very rapid pace right now. 
Our aerospace business is seeing a lot of very strong tailwinds and strong 
partnerships with global OEMs, and that's one business which is a very solid 
business, because once you have those partnerships and once the products are in 
place, it's really something that continues for a very long time because it takes 
sometimes even two years to get a new product or get a product approved by the 
OEMs and start to deliver it to them. So that's one business from an aerospace 
standpoint that can be very strong.  
− Last Mile Mobility, we've seen significant growth that we've talked about where the 
business continues to grow at a very rapid pace as well. And that's one, that even 
after going from a 50 million valuation to an 800 million valuation, we are optimistic 
of that business growing from that base still 4 or 5x over the next few years. And 
therefore, that that would be in a very strong trajectory.  
− Our real estate business, as I mentioned earlier, has seen the benefit of tailwinds. 
But beyond the tailwinds, it's being run very well and it's been driving profitability 
which is important from our standpoint. So, we are seeing a lot of progress across 
many of the growth gems and they are on the path that we had laid out for them.  
− In terms of whether we go public or not, really not concerned about that a whole lot. 
We don't need the capital. So, from that perspective, it doesn't really matter as 
much. We will find ways to unlock the gains in these, as we have been doing, and 
sometimes getting private equity firms in as well. There we've been doing that not as 
much for capital, but more around expertise, they can bring in , doors that they can 
open for us, and helping us in some cases validate the fact that it makes sense for us 
to do a lot more in that space. So, we will find ways to unlock profitability in those 
businesses. And if that means we go public, we will at some point. But our focus 
right now is on building strong businesses for the long term, and as we do that, we 
will see the benefits of that.  
− Mr. Aditya – Investec: 
− Hi, this is Aditya from Investec. The question on margins. This is from a slightly 
longer-term perspective. So, if you take a 2 to 3 perspective, how should we think 
about auto business margin? So clearly, we are gaining market share, the mix is also 
changing favourably. And if you can throw some light on the profitability of LCVs 
versus Autos and incremental product launches, especially in the Autos to address 
the white spaces, maybe at a lower price point than XUV700. How should we overall 
think about profitability from a 2 to 3 year perspective for the Auto business?  

14 
 
− Mr. Amarjyoti Barua - CFO, Mahindra Group: 
− So, what we have laid out before is, we did have F19 as a good benchmark, where 
the auto business was roughly at around 10% margin, PBIT. And that remains, let us 
call it a medium-term goal for the business to first hit. And then, of course, we would 
like to go higher than that. But in terms of how to think about it with all those 
dynamics, we think about it like that because it is not just that, there are a lot more 
levers in that business, right? Scale brings you a lot of efficiency. The mix is a very big 
factor as you have seen in the last couple of quarters. So, it is less driven by this mix 
has to be like this or LCV and this has to be. It is just a goal that we have set for 
ourselves so that we keep doing better quarter-over-quarter. That is the only 
guidance that we would like to offer at this time is, that our endeavour is to try and 
first hit the F19 levels and then try to go higher.  
− Mr. Rajesh Jerurikar - Executive Director & CEO (Auto and Farm Sector), Mahindra 
Group: 
− I just want to add to that. The one thing we are very mindful of is keeping the 
balance between growth and margin right. And that is a trade-off that we always, at 
every stage, have to be careful of. Kapil just asked a lot of questions on 700, and 
obviously, all of you were very apprehensive. But we believe that we had to take a 
call to get the price right so that we kept growth going. If we were over obsessed 
with the impact that that could have on margin as a percentage… it played out well. 
But if we wouldn’t have taken that call which would have ultimately led to slower 
growth, and ultimately led to lower margin. So, I think our view will be or our input 
will be that, trust us to make the right calls in a way that we are able to manage the 
trade-off between growth and margin. Because if growth slows, margin is definitely 
going to go down with time. So, on a medium-term basis, we have to make sure that 
we keep the growth momentum going. Which means we have to take decisions 
which allow us to protect our volumes when they need to be protected. I mean, you 
would have all read in the press that we did correct the Thar three-door price  as 
soon as we launched Roxx, we did not do a price drop but we did do a scheme, and 
that certainly got that brand into a totally different momentum where we are now 
suddenly very attractive to people who are buying subcompact SUVs. So, at the price 
point at which the three-door was going, the 1½ - 2 months, it just opened up a 
totally different market, and we got into a huge demand momentum on three-door 
in spite of the Roxx.  
− So, there are times when we have to take these calls in the best interest of 
protecting long-term growth. And we are sure that as long as long-term growth is 
coming, margins will come and improve as Amar is saying. Margins are not going to 
come if we make the wrong choices or the wrong calls. They will come only when we 
are ensuring growth.  
− Mr. Rajesh Jerurikar - Executive Director & CEO (Auto and Farm Sector), Mahindra 
Group: 
− I am just going to go back to Gunjan's question and talk about two more subsidiaries 
which I should have mentioned in the previous response. One is around classic 
legends. The business is starting to get on a very good track now, and we are starting 

15 
 
to see some momentum that has built up and that will likely continue. And the 
second is hospitality. This is one space which is going to grow dramatically in India. 
And so is logistics, and I will mention that as well. But hospitality is one space where 
we have got a business that delivers very strong customer feedback whenever they 
go to resorts. So, we have the ability to deliver a very strong product to customers. 
And this is one space where we feel that we want to invest more and we are waiting 
to see from the team a strong plan that delivers returns on that investment before 
we invest more. But that is again a space that we were very bullish about.  
− Participant : 
− Just a clarification, the margin aspiration is for ICE or you are including EVs here?  
− Mr. Rajesh Jerurikar - Executive Director & CEO (Auto and Farm Sector), Mahindra 
Group: 
− Earlier we said without EVs. 
− Dr. Anish Shah - MD & CEO, Mahindra Group: 
− The question was very specific to ICE.  
− Participant: 
− I just want to clarify. And Rajesh, question to you on the demand colour. The stress 
was, you were talking about is just the deceleration, the growth rate, or you started 
seeing urban pockets, seeing volume stagnation or decline? Because we need to be 
mindful that we have had a spectacular 3-4 year run as a category, passenger cars 
and SUVs. So, is it just a breather what the segment is saying or what the customer 
you are seeing, or are you genuinely seeing deceleration in enquiry rates? There is 
one thing that enquiries are good, conversion is slowed down, because for whatever 
macroeconomic factors. Or one, there is a general slowdown even in the enquiry and 
the walk-ins and everything. So just some more colour on that. And when you talk 
about the rural bit doing better, is just that rural growth rates are better than urban 
or rural is accelerating in a meaningful way for you? Because that has huge 
implications on the lower end of the SUV portfolio for you, and even some potential 
to operate on the replacement cycle from the traditional Boleros to the Scorpio Ns 
and henceforth. So, if you can just provide more colour on that, that would be very 
helpful.  
− Mr. Rajesh Jerurikar - Executive Director & CEO (Auto and Farm Sector), Mahindra 
Group: 
− Yeah, so firstly just the long-term view on the passenger vehicle market in India, I 
think is going to be,we are very buoyant and positive about that, because the pace at 
which the nation is getting connected with highways, is going to be a big growth 
enabler to the category. And, we believe we will be one of the key peoples to gain 
out of that because our passenger vehicles are the kind of vehicles that people want 
to take and get away from and travel from City A to City B kind of thing, because it is 
a part of fun, adventure, exploration so on. So, we believe overall, the automotive 
passenger vehicle segment will have a very healthy CAGR. We are very under 

16 
 
penetrated as a nation for passenger vehicles compared to many other parts of the 
world and the long-term story is robust.  
− It is hard for us to say how the industry is on enquiry-to-conversion funnel, because 
we have not seen stress either in the funnel or in the conversion, by and large, over 
the last few months. So, I really can't comment on whether other OEMs are seeing a 
problem on the funnel. The sense that we have is, out of the festival season, most 
OEMs have had a very, very good offtake. Obviously, November and December is 
going to be slow for the industry, that always is, as you are changing the model code 
year and so on. We now have to see what happens Jan onwards.  
− I think there were two key barriers to the slowdown that happened in the early part 
of this year, one of which was the elections which led to a reduction in overall 
government spending. And we have seen in businesses or products where we have 
government orders, there has been like a complete… literally it is now slowly inching 
back. So, wherever there was government buying of vehicles, all of that for the last 
4-5 months has been very, very, very slow. So, anyone who had a business 
dependent on that segment, has been slow. The heat waves across the country, and 
then, the flooding in many parts of the country, I think all of these were kind of 
climatic barriers in a manner of speaking. So hopefully, I think some of these things 
are behind because that led to an inventory build-up because nobody saw that 
coming to the extent at which it happened, which led to an inventory build-up more 
than what was expected. I think most of the industries kind of cleared it off, and 
hopefully, it will be a fresh start for most people post January.  
− The rural uptrading. So, it’s been many quarters of a slower rural growth which is 
affecting us more on the LCV side because we haven't seen a slowdown on some of 
our rural products like Scorpio Classic, or even Scorpio N is strong in rural. So, we 
hadn't seen that. We had seen that in Bolero. So, I would think the lower end, which 
is the minus 10 lakhs rural was probably under a lot of stress because we were 
seeing that in Bolero. We were not seeing that in 3XO because maybe it was a new 
product and whatever. So for us on the passenger vehicle side, the slowdown that 
we had seen was really in Bolero, where it wasn't like we were de-growing, but we 
were not getting growth. That has been good in the festival season as well. Whether 
that will sustain or not, is something that one needs to see. But I think you've heard 
some OEMs talk about the increase in number of marriages this year and so on, 
which are all trigger points to buying. So that's probably going to have an effect on 
rural demand as we go into the next few months as well.  
− Participant: 
− Second question to Anish on the collaboration side. What are the top 3-5 things 
which you're seeking when you're looking at a partner, or things which you should 
get those synergies? Otherwise, there's no point. So, what are the top 4-5 things 
which you're looking at when you're thinking about synergies? And within that, does 
optionality of hybrid also feature in that list?  
− Dr. Anish Shah - MD & CEO, Mahindra Group: 

17 
 
− So, I'm glad you asked that because I don't think I fully answered the question from 
SBI Pension Fund, so this will help add to that question as well. So, first is, there has 
to be a strategic long-term benefit that can be clearly articulated for us. That 
includes access to technology. That includes the potential for the partnership to do 
more potentially outside India longer term, even though it may not do something in 
the short term. The second aspect is, that there has to be a true partnership where 
both partners are looking for each other to win in that partnership as well, not just 
for themselves to win. Because that's really what a true partnership would be. Third 
is, obviously, financial returns. So, if you're going to put capital into anything we do, 
what do we get back from it? It's okay if you don't get back something in the next 
year or 2 or 3. We are not looking at short term, we are not looking at quarter-to-
quarter, and we will come and explain where certain quarters may be lower for 
whatever reason. But what we are looking at is building businesses for the long term 
that really makes sense. So, if we do have to take a hit in the first year or 2 or 3, why 
are we taking that hit? Is there a significant benefit in year 4, 5 and 6 that we see as 
a result of it? So, these are the main sets of things that we would look at in terms of 
anything that we would do, and that's part of various discussions we have.  
− Participant: 
− Anish, what will you not do? Because some global OEMs would definitely love to 
have you as a partner who will take over the India operation or reduce their capital 
exposure to the business. So, is there a thing that we will not take exposure in a 
legacy business? Or, it has to be a clean start, new venture, new businesses, or it's 
kind of can be including the existing businesses which are probably not doing well or 
bleeding?  
− Dr. Anish Shah - MD & CEO, Mahindra Group: 
− See it has to make sense over time, right? It's not something that we're going to do… 
If there's any opportunity, I'm not talking about this in Auto only. If it's a short-term 
opportunity of 2-3 years, we're going to look at is it really worth our time? Is it 
meaningful? So, for us, as I said, we want to build businesses for the long term.  
− Now I don't look at ICE as a legacy thing in itself, because ICE will have a runway for a 
long time at this point in time. And, to Kapil's question earlier as well, we will 
continue to invest in ICE, because the lot of capacities are fungible as well between 
ICE and electric. So that part doesn't worry us a whole lot. The key is, is it set up as a 
true partnership where both partners win? Is there a real financial benefit from 
there? Are there potential other things you could do in the future that are not 
contemplated in the short run? If all of those things make sense, then yes, that's 
something that would make sense for us to do. 
− Participant: 
− Thanks a lot.  
− Raghu, Nuvama: 
− Thank you, sir, for the opportunity and festive greetings. Sir, firstly, on the festive 
side, on the UVs and tractors, if you can share some numbers, how was the growth, 

18 
 
say first 32 or 35 days? And post-festive, how is the inventory? And as of now, if you 
can also talk about what could be the pending order book for some of the key 
models? That's the first question.  
− Mr. Rajesh Jerurikar - Executive Director & CEO (Auto and Farm Sector), Mahindra 
Group: 
− The first question had three questions. So, we will avoid getting into the specific 
retail growth, but it's been stronger than the billing growth by way, way, way more 
margin than the rate of growth that we had on the billings. The dealer stock is way 
below 30 days, and we are at a very, very comfortable level of dealer stock as we 
ended October and have gone into November. So, we feel… I am talking about the 
Auto side, I will come to tractors in a minute. So, we feel very good about the way 
the off-takes have been in the season for across the portfolio. So, I don't think we 
will get into more detail on the specific numbers, but that's on the Auto side.  
− On the tractor side, the retail off-take, like I said, during the season was a strong 
double digit. That means the retail momentum in the festival time, which is what 
gives us confidence that… And I am talking like to like. So, which is the start of 
Navratra to Diwali. So, the comparable festival time was a strong double digit, which 
is what gives us confidence that the second half will be very good. We do need to do 
some corrections still on tractor inventory, and we will do that over the next 3, 4, 5 
months, but it's not a very significant amount and it's not something that we are 
very worried about, but we do need some further correction to be done on the 
tractor inventory.  
− Raghu, Nuvama: 
− Thanks, sir. Second, on the tractor side, wanted your thoughts on two aspects. One 
is, on the… 
− Mr. Rajesh Jerurikar - Executive Director & CEO (Auto and Farm Sector), Mahindra 
Group: 
− So, you also asked about the waiting, booking, numbers, which we’ve said we’re not 
going to share. So, I’ll just stay away from that.  
− Participant: 
− So, on the tractor side, couple of aspects where I wanted your thoughts. One is, on 
the TREM V, has the date been confirmed? Is it for all vehicles below 50, or is there a 
range 25 to 50 HP? And say, the La Niña was confirmed by IMD in September. 
Generally, historically, whenever La Niña is confirmed, it stays for 1 to 3 years. So, 
ideally it means that the next year monsoon is also sorted. So, given these two 
factors, how do you see FY26 panning out on the growth?  
− Mr. Rajesh Jerurikar - Executive Director & CEO (Auto and Farm Sector), Mahindra 
Group: 
− The date for TREM V as of now is April ‘26. It's still at a draft level, and we would be 
very surprised if it happens in April 2026. It's for all the product, between 25 to 50 

19 
 
HP, which is really 90% of the industry, literally. Roughly 90% of the industry. We 
would be very surprised if that happens in April 2026.  
− I would be less worried about the rainfall next year. We are hoping it will be good, 
and like you are saying, it is expected to be good. The reason for that is the reservoir 
levels are very good, which is a very good indicator. These are among the best 
reservoir levels we have seen in many, many years. So, it's way above the LPAs, 
which is a very good starting point for the agri sentiment next year. This year what 
had happened is, the reservoir levels itself had gone down to very low levels. So, you 
didn't have that effect going into the monsoon, and hence there was a negative 
effect of a poor monsoon or an average monsoon of last year, followed by a 
dropping reservoir level. But this time we have the benefit of good monsoon, good 
reservoir levels, that will spill over into a positive sentiment into next year. So, we 
would be, as things stand now, optimistic of a good FY26.  
− Moderator: 
− We have run out of time. Closing remarks on behalf of Mahindra & Mahindra, I thank 
all of you... 
− Dr. Anish Shah - MD & CEO, Mahindra Group: 
− Just one comment I want to make before we close, is something that Amar 
mentioned in one of his charts, which I think is an important one to point out. Our 
Services business has contributed more to M&M’s profits than our tractor business 
has in this quarter. And, while  that has been the case sometimes in the past as well, 
we’re starting to see that uptick again. So, as we think about M&M, we think about it 
as a business set that operates across multiple sectors in India, and really can drive 
India’s growth forward. And this is an important inflection point from a services 
standpoint as well. So with that, go ahead with the closing.  
− Moderator: 
− Thanks, Anish. Thanks all of you for joining us today. Have a great evening, and 
please join us for snacks. Thank you.  
 
− END OF TRANSCRIPT 
