 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                       
 
 
 
Registered Oﬃce: BSE Limited, Floor 25, P J Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001, India. T: +91 22 2272 1234/33 | E: corp.comm@bseindia.com 
www.bseindia.com | Corporate Identity Number : L67120MH2005PLC155188 
 
 
 
BSE - PUBLIC 
November 19, 2024 
 
To, 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
Symbol: BSE   
 
 
 
 
 
                          ISIN: INE118H01025 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on November 12, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
With reference to our letter dated October 22, 2024, intimating you about the conference call 
with Analysts/Investors held on November 12, 2024, please find attached the transcript of the 
aforesaid conference call. 
 
This intimation will also be available on the website of the Company: www.bseindia.com 
 
This is for your information & record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
Vishal Bhat 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
Vishal 
Kamalaksha 
Bhat
Digitally signed by 
Vishal Kamalaksha 
Bhat 
Date: 2024.11.19 
16:40:02 +05'30'

 
BSE LIMITED 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
November 12, 2024 
BSE LIMITED 
25th Floor, P.J. Tower, Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001  

 
1 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to BSE Limited Q2 FY '25 Investors Conference Call. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on belief, opinion and expectation of the company as on the date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone telephone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anand Sethuraman, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Anand Sethuraman:  
Thank you so much, Yousuf. Good evening, everyone. This is Anand from Investor Relations and 
welcome to BSE's Earnings Call to discuss Q2 FY 2025 performance. Joining us on this call is the 
BSE's leadership team consisting of Mr. Sundararaman Ramamurthy, Managing Director and CEO; 
Mr. Deepak Goel, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Subhash Kelkar, Chief Information Officer; Mr. 
Ashutosh Singh, Managing Director and CEO of Asia Index Private Limited. Also present here are 
senior members of our business, finance and Investor Relations team. Do note that this 
conference is being recorded and a transcript of this call, along with the earnings release and 
presentation can be found on the Investor Relations section of the BSE India website. 
Before we get started, I once again remind you that our remarks today may include forward-
looking statements. Any actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these 
forward-looking statements and any forward-looking statements that we make today on this call 
are based on assumptions and BSE assumes no obligation to update these statements as a result 
of new information or future events. With this, I will now request Mr. Sundararaman 
Ramamurthy, Managing Director and CEO to give a brief overview of the company's financial and 
business performance for the Q2 FY2025. 

 
2 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Sundararaman R.: 
Thanks, Anand. Good evening, everybody, and a warm welcome to all our esteemed stakeholders 
for joining the call today. The Indian economy is emerging with resilience with a GDP growth of 
6.7% year-over-year in the Q1 FY2025. India remains one of the world's fastest-growing large 
economies and it is estimated that the growth is likely to pick up given the government's focus on 
boosting manufacturing, improving youth employability, etc. These factors coupled with India's 
young and aspirational population presents a unique opportunity for economic growth and bodes 
well for the capital markets in particular. 
Against this backdrop, BSE recorded a strong second quarter achieving its best ever half year 
revenue and profit. The vibrancy and diversity of India's markets were on full display, as investor 
sentiment was favourable, driving strong volumes in all our markets with multiple daily records 
achieved across the capital market segments of equity cash, derivatives and listing sales. 
Furthermore, the mutual fund distribution platform extended its robust performance, 
contributing to the strength of the exchange during this period. The recent listings on the 
exchange of Hyundai Motor India, the Indian subsidiary of Hyundai Motor Company was a 
landmark initial public offering, the largest in India's history. The event demonstrates the 
strength, depth and the attractiveness of our markets, while a healthy listing pipeline reinforces 
India's position as the IPO fundraising centre of choice. Against this backdrop, I'm happy to share 
the BSE recorded its highest ever quarterly revenues of RS. 819 crores on a consolidated basis, 
up 123% as compared to the corresponding quarter previous year. 
I will now share some of the key financial numbers on a consolidated basis for the quarter ended 
September 30, 2024, as compared to the corresponding quarter previous year. The growth in 
revenues is led by strong performance in transaction-related income, treasury income from 
clearing and settlement services and investment-related income. BSE's operational revenues 
have grown by 137% to RS. 746.3 crores from RS. 314.5 crores. 
Transaction charges which include equity cash, equity derivatives, mutual fund and clearing 
house income has increased by 284% to RS. 507.1 crores from RS. 132.2 crores. The net profit 
attributable to shareholders of the company stands at RS. 346.8 crores, up from RS. 120.5 crores 
a growth of 188%. BSE has achieved a significant milestone by surpassing the 50% operating 
EBITDA margin threshold for the first time, reaching 52% for the current quarter. The operating 

 
3 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
EBITDA stands at RS. 388.8 crores from RS. 133.2 crores. Treasury income from clearing and 
settlement funds has increased by 10% to RS. 63 crores from RS. 57.3 crores. 
Other operating income, which includes data dissemination fees, training income, software 
income, etc has increased by 48% to RS. 56.7 crores from RS. 38.3 crores. Income from 
investments increased by 41% to RS. 67 crores from RS. 47.5 crores. I would now like to share 
updates pertaining to business. For specific numbers pertaining to turnover, kindly refer to the 
BSE website and the investor presentation. 
Let me start by covering our primary market segment.  
BSE platforms continue to remain the preferred choice by Indian companies to raise capital by 
enabling issuers to raise RS. 13.7 lakh crores by means of equity, debt, bonds, commercial paper, 
mutual funds, etc.  
Moving on to our Trading segment: 
BSE's average daily turnover, the cash segment for Q2 FY2025 stands at RS. 9,768 crores as 
compared to RS. 5,922 crores in the same quarter last year on account of buoyant market as 
mentioned earlier.  
It also gives me pleasure to inform you that Sensex derivatives continue to grow and broke its 
record on 20th September 2024, when more than 66 crores contracts traded, representing a 
notional turnover of over RS. 560 lakh crores and a premium turnover of RS. 48,327 crores. Since 
re-launch, more than 450 members have traded BSE derivatives, representing around 68 lakh 
active clients. BSE forayed into single stock derivative space with effect from 1st July 2024, with 
the mid-month expiry or the second Thursday of the month. So far, 169 members have 
participated in single futures and 126 in single stock options. 
The turnover since re-launch is RS. 516 crores in futures and RS. 384 crores in options. BSE 
processed a record 697 crores orders in a single day on 4th October 2024 on back of increased 
demand for its derivatives products. To cater to such high volumes, BSE is continuously investing 
in technology upgrades and building its next phase of state-of-the-art data centre within the BSE 
premises in Fort, Mumbai. 
We are expecting it to be operational by end of this financial year. During the first half of FY2025, 
we continue to work closely with our stakeholders and regulators to implement initiatives that 

 
4 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
promote the quality and attractiveness of our markets. In particular, we have rolled out the 
recommendations of the SEBI on measures to strengthen the index derivatives framework. 
Accordingly, with effect from 18th November 2024, BSE has decided to continue with Sensex 
derivatives as its sole weekly expiry contract, while Bankex and Sensex 50 contracts will be 
moving to a monthly expiry cycle from the existing weekly expiry. Additionally, the exchange has 
increased the lot sizes for all the index derivatives contract. The new launch sizes are 20 for 
Sensex, 30 for Bankex and 60 for Sensex 50. 
With respect to True to Label Circular BSE has revised its transaction charges for index options 
to RS. 3,250 per crores of premium turnover with effect from October 1, 2024. Transaction 
charges for equity cash segment remains unchanged as BSE has been following a flat rate 
structure since December 1, 2022. Additionally, SEBI is currently deliberating on discussion 
papers pertaining to the treatment of interest income by clearing corporation on cash collaterals 
received from clearing members and upstream client funds and monitoring shareholding of MIIs.  
These discussions are ongoing, and we will continue to monitor developments closely. Though 
we believe these steps will impact the volumes of the exchange, these initiatives aim to further 
improve market efficiency and trading dynamics, which will ultimately benefit both institutional 
and retail investors as well as other market participants. Moving to our mutual fund distribution 
business. BSE StAR MF delivered yet another quarter of record revenues and performance up 
100% year-on-year to reach RS. 58.7 crores. The total number of transactions processed by BSE 
StAR MF grew by 68% to reach 16.28 crores transactions in Q2 FY '25 from 9.67 crores in the 
corresponding quarter previous year.  
On an average, the platform processed 5.06 crores transactions per month in first half of current 
financial year as compared to 3 crores last year. The platform also processed a new high of 6.05 
crores transactions in October 2024. Given the growth, we are continuously investing in StAR MF 
to improve in terms of scalability, functionality and order processing.  
Moving on to our subsidiary business now.  
My last earnings call had updated that BSE has completed the acquisition of S&P Dow Jones 
Indices entire stake in Asia Index Private Limited, making AIPL a wholly owned subsidiary 
company. Also, I had mentioned that AIPL is committed to improving and expanding its product 
offerings by working closely in the financial market ecosystem and other relevant stakeholders. 

 
5 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
I'm happy to update that the company has launched 11 new indices in the last 3 months, including 
several innovative indices such as Business Group, Premium Consumption and Internet Economy, 
which are very relevant for the asset management industry and the investors at large.  
AIPL will continue to launch more indices which in line with the market trends. This will be an 
important area of focus in the coming years given the growth of passive investments in India. The 
BSE group directly or via subsidiaries also has its presence in other related businesses, including 
India International Exchange, that is India INX, BSE's Exchange at Gift City, BSE Ebix, the 
Hindustan Power Exchange, BSE E-Agricultural markets, spot platform for trading in 
commodities and BSE Administrations and Services Limited. 
BSE is now committed to these new areas and is constantly working with partners for the growth 
of these businesses. As we move forward, we see that there is a significant opportunity to 
continue to expand and evolve these businesses. Looking ahead, we remain steadfast in our 
commitment to further enhancing the vibrancy, resilience and competitiveness of our markets by 
continuously expanding our product offering and investing in our infrastructure. We are 
committed to ensuring that BSE remains at the forefront of financial markets, offering a 
transparent, well-regulated and highly liquid platform for companies and investors alike. We also 
look forward to working closely in partnership with our stakeholders and regulators to ensure 
that our markets remain fit for the purpose for the next generation of investors. 
With these updates, I now hand over the call back to Anand. 
Anand Sethuraman:  
Thank you so much, sir, for these updates. We can now open the floor for question and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin the question and answer. The first question is from 
the line of Jeet Suchak an Individual Investor. Please go ahead  
Jeet Suchak: 
Hi, team. Congratulations for the good set of numbers. I had a question with regard to the clearing 
Charges and related to clearing houses. So as you know from 20th November, the contract size 
will be increased and so for -- per contract turnover will be increased. So currently, from last con 
calls, it is understand that currently, clearing charges are counted based on the number of 

 
6 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
contracts. So, what will be the impact of the increased turnover per contract will be what I mean, 
is clearing charges going to come down and what is the take of ICCL and what are the clearing 
charges on the same. And is there any update on revising the pricing strategy of that clearing 
charges? 
Sundararaman R: 
Mr. Suchak thank you so much for attending the call, and thanks for your kind and good words 
and good questioning. Going from November 20, 2024, as you rightly observed, the size of the 
contracts are increasing. When the size of the contract increases, the premium earned per 
contract will be more. And therefore, the transaction charges received should increase. While the 
clearing charge is based on the number of contracts traded, the clearing charge would remain the 
same.  
So therefore for every amount of clearing -- every RS. 1 of clearing charges paid, the amount of 
premium collected will be more. So that is the correct statement which you have made, but how 
it will benefit the exchange will depend upon how the market views that increase in the size of 
the contract and how much it is, therefore, able to trade those contracts will be an important 
factor to wait and watch for. 
Clearing corporations do not charge directly any charges to the client. The clearing charges are 
bundled along with the exchange charges and the exchange pays the clearing; the charges based 
on whatever is the interoperability agreement stimulated numbers are. So the question whether 
the clearing corporation will reduce charges to the customers does not arise. 
Jeet Suchak: 
 
I mean is that -- is there any price increase from the clearing house that is possible and that we 
are thinking because the top line will be reduced by half or -- I mean, 50% or 66% as the contract 
size is nearly twice or thrice currently. So is there -- because that will be big dent on the top line 
of the clearing houses, so on that? 
Sundararaman R.: 
Got it. I understood your question now. As you may say, as you may be aware, we have been 
discussing with clearing corporation since September 20, 2023, that the clearing charges are very 

 
7 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
high on BSE, compared to what other exchange pays because of the quality of premium being 
different and the charges being based on a number of contracts. 
We have been requesting them to significantly either reduce the charges or unbundle the charges 
and charge whatever is appropriate directly to the clearing members so that the exchanges could 
pass on the benefit of economies of scale to the investors. So our dialogue in this matter, with the 
clearing cost ratio and the escalation that we have raised to the regulators on this shall continue 
till we get a satisfactory resolution. 
Jeet Suchak: 
 
So on only last thing. So there is no current communication between clearing houses to increase 
the price from 20th November. So that's the right statement, right? 
Sundararaman R.: 
 
We have not received any communication from any clearing corporations or on any increase in 
charges associated, actually we are discussing with them on reduction of charges. 
Jeet Suchak: 
 
Okay understood. That was my question. Thank you for answering.  
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pranav Thakkar an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Pranav Thakkar: 
 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for great set of numbers. I would like to 
understand what our what efforts we are doing to ensure more traction in individual stocks and 
options because since launch, there is no traction and it is also not available to trade by major like 
large brokers, Zerodha, Upstox or any other discount brokers. So if you can give some colour on 
it, please? 
Sundararaman R.: 
 

 
8 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Thank you so much, Mr. Thakkar, for kindly attending the session and congratulating me. You're 
right. We introduced the stock futures and stock options in July. The initial trouble that we had 
with regard to Sensex where brokers were not providing technological access to these products 
because they did not have the system ready. The same issue we are facing today with some of the 
brokers with regard to stock futures and stock options.  
As you rightly pointed out, only when more and more members provide this opportunity, there 
will be traction in these products. We are working on two sets of participants. One is participants 
who are not technology ready yet to provide the technology for their clients to participate. And 
second people who have the capability to provide a two-way course in these products, we are 
requesting them to gear up that system to provide two-way course.  
So then the market will have a strong presence of liquidity providers and liquidity takers that 
should ensure that the product succeeds. As you would appreciate, the last 2 months, 3 months 
were having a lot of regulatory discussions on very many impending regulatory changes to 
strengthen the index derivatives market from a regulatory perspective as a safeguard for 
investors 
In view of this, our efforts in taking this product to the multitudes of market participants and 
discussing with them and handholding with them for providing the technology support, both from 
a liquidity provider and taker perspective could not be very intense. So now that there is a clarity 
on many of the regulatory directives in this regard, we will be taking it much intense with our 
market participates so as to bring in traction to these products. 
Pranav Thakkar: 
 
But is it possible for you to share some deadline or when it can get more traction? 
Sundararaman R.: 
 
No. Honestly, it would be an interesting thing if I could be able to provide the deadline. But the 
fact of the matter is there are contending technological changes at every broker's end arising out 
of multiple requirements, partly regulatory and partly their own requirements. So given that how 
they will be able to prioritize is something which they will be only able to provide, and it will not 
be a common single date. 

 
9 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
But what in my experience I have seen is when investors like you go on demand, the members 
that you would like to trade the mid-month expiry of stock derivatives at BSE. Typically, they 
prioritize it, and they bring it across because all of us, us, that is the MII, and the brokers are 
working for the welfare and benefit and business interest of the clients. So certainly, pure 
requirement to the brokers asking for a technological capability will certainly have a lot of 
weightage in prioritizing this requirement and making it an easy happening. 
Pranav Thakkar: 
 
Right sir. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sanidhya from Unicorn Asset. Please go ahead. 
Sanidhya: 
 
Sanidhya this side. So sir your first question would be on the expiries of the various new indexes 
that we are launching. So is there any possibility we are trying to sign expiries is in a way that 
mid-month and every week kind of we can have more than one expiries? And is there any setback 
we have received from the regulatory authorities in this regard? 
Sundararaman R.: 
Sanidhya thank you for attending the call and asking me this question. At this point of time, what 
we are doing is we are keeping things as what it is. But as you would appreciate, BSE's success is 
all ascribed to we listening to the voice of the customers. We will be we are, and we will be 
continuously interacting with the market participants to seek what their directives are to us as to 
how we should shape the expiries. 
Once we arrive at the clarity in this regard, with their propositions, we will go to the regulators 
and seek their approval in whatever we want to do so that the market as a whole gets benefited 
and the customers see that the voice is heard, that would be our approach in this regard. 
Sanidhya: 
And sir, secondly, on the side of just a clarification on the side of clearing, we are engaging with 
ICCL only, right? No other clearing? 

 
10 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Sundararaman R.: 
 
No, the BSE products, because of the interoperability in as much as the NSE products are cleared 
and settled in both the clearing corporation. The clearing members have provided an option to 
either settle through NSE's s clearing house that is NCL or BSE's clearing corporation that is ICCL. 
The brokers we trade in any of the exchanges, but the settlement venue is as per that choice, 
which would be a single one. So when we talk of charges, we will be engaging with both the 
clearing corporations. 
Sanidhya: 
 
So any reason why we are seeing a charge extra while other exchanges are not and I didn't 
understand why that's happening, like we have been trying for long for this, right? 
Sundararaman R.: 
 
That's right. So the way in which the interoperability agreement was structured which is quite 
some time back, did not probably envisage a situation where an upcoming exchange is trying to 
bring in liquidity and newer market products, because of the newer market product, which is 
trying to garner liquidity typically starts building volume, starting with expiry day, expiry minus 
1 day and goes backwards and then graduates into a weekly and then a monthly and probably a 
quarterly contract. 
So until the process gets complete, the premium paid per contract is very small initially, and then 
it grows up till it becomes a very matured product, which is traded for 3 months expiries. Because 
of this, the yardstick that is used today to chart, which is the number of contracts traded makes it 
lopsided for an exchange where the number of contracts traded is more, whereas the premium is 
far lesser compared to an exchange where the number of contracts traded, and the premium are 
sort of in tandem. So that is where the disadvantage arises. And therefore, a condition is not true 
to label. The income earned by the exchanges is by way of premium turnover in crores. The 
income earned by the exchange is shared with the clearing corporation as clearing charges. So if 
we bundle the charges, our humble opinion and submission is that the base at which the people 
are charged should be the same. If the income earning is based on premium per crores, then the 
charges should paid also should be on premium crores per person. Whereas here, what exchange 
earns as bundled is on premium crores, but whereas what it pays is simply on the number of 
contracts. Hence, the dichotomy, that's why we have been taking it up. 

 
11 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Sanidhya: 
 
And sir, lastly, anything you want to speak on the SME side, regulators trying to bring in new 
regulations regarding the SME only the IPO or the entire SME platform could you clarify anything 
you have heard from regulators or what's your view, like it would be just impacting the IPO side, 
or it would be impacting the entire SME platform. Also, anything regulator has communicated in 
terms of the lot size of the SME stock. So, I think we recently reduced the lot size there? 
Sundararaman R.: 
I will answer this question, but only my humble request is people should restrict to two questions 
per person, more questions can be answered if they can go back to the queue. As far as the 
question that you have asked, regulatory process in India has always been a very consultative and 
a co-creative process, and it is ever evolving because if you look at it, the markets are evolving, so 
the regulatory process also will evolve.  
So every market, including SME, goes through this regulatory development process which 
therefore requires review of all the regulations from time to time and make them more relevant 
and more meaningful for the evolving economic conditions. In that backdrop, you need to see 
whatever LODR changes that are happening for main board and also what may be in the offering 
for SME market. 
Sanidhya: 
 
Sir, anything on the lot size? 
Sundararaman R.: 
 
This has been the fourth question; I would request you to stand back in the queue so that others 
get an opportunity. Sorry. 
Moderator: 
 
Mr. Sanidhya may we please request you to rejoin the queue for the follow up questions.  
Sanidhya: 
 
Sure. Thank you. 

 
12 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Devesh Agarwal from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
 
Thank you for the opportunity sir and many congratulations on great set of numbers. My first 
question, sir, is on active clients. Did you mention that correctly, you have 68 lakh active clients. 
So now are we at par with NSE in terms of monthly active clients? 
Sundararaman R.: 
 
So thank you, Agarwal Ji, first of all, for joining. I very much remember, we are talking about the 
68 lakh clients having traded with us, but I honestly do not know what will be the numbers for 
NSE. My presumption is that we will not be badly off and very much different. But pardon my 
ignorance, I do not know what will be the corresponding number for NSE. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Sure, sir. And sir, if you see the volume numbers for our Sensex and Bankex contract, especially if 
we just compare the last five expiries compared to the preceding five expiries, we see that the 
volumes are down almost 20% to 30%, both for Bankex and Sensex. While if we do the same 
exercise for NSE contracts that is Nifty and Bank Nifty, we see that the decline is 10% to 20%. So 
any particular reason why we are seeing a much higher slowdown compared to the NSE for our 
contracts. Is it basically because we of the measures which we'll be implementing, what is that 
impact of that? 
Sundararaman R.: 
It's a good question that you have asked. September month, if you look at it, has been a hit with 
more expiries. So that now created a good amount of traction, and therefore, volumes, with 
greater volatility. October month had 1, lesser volatility and also because of the intervening 
holidays, expiries started getting merged with the previous days. As you would appreciate, when 
more than 1 contract expires on the same day, the attention gets divided, and BSE has only two 
contracts as Bankex and Sensex. So the possibility of greater reduction of BSE increases compared 
to any other exchange having multiple expiries because of this reason. 
 

 
13 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Devesh Agarwal: 
Okay sir. I have more questions, but I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gurpreet Sahi from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Gurpreet Sahi: 
 
Thank you for taking my questions. Great set of results, Mr. Ramamurthy and BSE team and 
tremendous value creation for the shareholders. My questions are basically centred around the 
reforms that the regulator is doing in the options market. So high-level question on the industry, 
not for BSE as to if there is an impact on volumes, do you see from our clients in the industry that 
they can shift towards future? Is that an option over the medium term that can happen? 
And if so, then our efforts in that direction can bear fruits? And also, if SEBI does not get a 
meaningful reduction, the second question is, over these 6 months, there's news that they would 
look at investor eligibility and kind of do whatever it takes to bring down option volumes. So, 
what's your view on that? 
Sundararaman R.: 
 
Mr. Sahi, thanks for joining the call and thanks for your congratulations. And the question was 
asked about what will be the impact of volumes, I presume I heard it right, the impact of volumes 
on the as a whole for the market because of the regulatory reforms brought in by the regulators. 
And will there be a shift to stock futures, to the index futures volumes instead of index options 
volume. These are two questions I'm able to remember and recollect. And also, you were asking 
about whether there will be investor eligibility requirement put in place if there was no reduction 
in volume happening in the next 6 months. 
The regulatory framework was evolved to ensure that the investor interests are well taken care 
of, and the right investors participate in the market. And hence, the six set of regulations were 
brought in by the regulators. One of the impacts of it is expected to overall reduction of index 
options volume in the market. Typically, what I have seen is the interest in index options is slightly 
more than the interest in the index futures market. An index futures market for certain reasons 
is believed by the investors to be costlier to trade than index options. 

 
14 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
So I do not think that an individual investor who is the targeted person in respect of the index 
reforms will be getting in the index futures just because of this in the index options because index 
futures in any way comparatively could be a costlier product to trade because of the very nature 
of the product. 
So having said that, it will have an impact on the volumes because that is the regulatory purpose. 
Your question was, if the volume reduction does not happen will SEBI move to the next stage of 
requirement of any accreditation of investors only they being in a position to trade. We need to 
wait and watch because even 6 sets of regulatory impact is yet to start effect. From November 20, 
it will start for 5 and for the 6th one from April 2025. 
So we need to watch as to how the market evolves and how the regulatory thought process 
evolves. And as I have always been telling in my calls, India is a unique country where the 
regulatory process is absolutely consultative and a co-creation and therefore, I'm sure the market 
participants, including the MIIs will be consulted, and the collective opinion will prevail for any 
regulatory further reforms that were to be put in place. 
Gurpreet Sahi: 
 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Amit Chandra: 
Sir, my first question is like post the regulatory changes as a shift from more weekly to more 
monthly expiry, do we see increase in the volumes in the non expiry days on BSE. And that will 
have an impact on the premium conversion ratio wherein where we have one-third of the other 
exchange. Can we see that converging and that can also have implications in the contract level 
and profitability wherein the contract level profitability for BSE might improve as the charges can 
come down.  
Sundararaman R.: 
 

 
15 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
May I request you to reserve your second question so that I am fully doing justice to the first 
question after which you can please ask the second question. I don't want to forget what you are 
asking. So is it okay if I answer your first question first? 
Amit Chandra: 
 
Yes sir, yes sir, please go ahead. 
Sundararaman R.: 
 
Yes. Sorry, if I did not remember your question properly and do not answer it properly, that is not 
correct. That's why I'm requesting this. You're right that the intention of BSE notwithstanding the 
regulatory -- recent regulatory directive if you may recall. We have been repeatedly talking about 
deepening and broadening of the market as our strategy for the year. And while we were talking 
about deepening and broadening of the market, one important point, what we were making was 
to make Sensex products mature and Bankex products mature to become monthly contracts. 
So our efforts have been on. Now it has got a regulatory, what should I say, backing as well for us 
to promote it even better. As you would have seen in the recent weeks, already there is some 
amount of traction that we are seeing in the next week, next to next week, and third week contract 
in respect of Sensex. 
We are trying to build it by talking regularly to the market participants because we feel a mature 
product has to go through that way. And our efforts will be on in respect of Bankex as well to take 
it in the same direction. Once that happens, yes, indeed, the premium per contract, both in terms 
of the size and also in terms of the week of expiry will be very advantageous for the cost 
optimization at the exchange level, under the clearing corporation level. 
So we are working towards it. And if we are able to succeed, yes, it will have a positive impact for 
the market as a whole because the product will become a mature product for people to take a 
view for not just this week but for a longer period of time. And also in terms of operations, it will 
help the exchange and clearing corporation. 
Amit Chandra: 
 
Okay. And sir, in terms of participation, obviously, we have previously mentioned about 
increasing and deepening the participation. So any update on how the FPI participation has been? 
And also, if you can like if you can give some data around what is the contribution of investors 

 
16 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
who are having a total turnover of, say, like RS. 1 lakh and RS. 10 lakh monthly turnover options 
on BSE, maybe in terms of percentage because the other exchange provides that through -- just 
to get a sense in terms of how the retail participation is there on the platform? 
Sundararaman R.: 
 
So in terms of the deepening and broadening of market which we talked about. We have been 
working -- we're increasing the number of members. As you may recall, we initially started with 
the 8 members on first day went to 50 members and went to 300 members. We have been 
increasing the number of members. I'm very happy to tell you today, we have registered members 
of around 453 in our Derivatives segment, starting with just 152 in May 2023. For name sake, 
they were there at the time with no technological capability. Today, when I'm talking of 453 they 
are with technological capability and with more members in the offering with a lot of applications 
coming to us on a regular basis. 
And the number of UCCs, which is another metric which we use started from just 4,000 on the 
first day to go to now around 5,595,000. That is 55,00,000 to say so in terms of number of UCCs 
registered, so they all may not be trading. In terms of FPIs as well, starting with nobody today we 
have reached to a level of 120 and we are in discussions with around 30, 40 people are in the 
pipeline and at various stages of inclusion into the section. 
In terms of percentages, our numbers do not vastly differ from what you have for NSE which is 
published information from market pulse which we also look at, we are not vastly different from 
those numbers that they have. The players that they talk about 49,00,000 or whatever it is slightly 
bigger than what we have as base, but the percentage distribution is not different. 
Anand S.: 
 
Amit, you may also want to look at our investor presentation, which gives these numbers. So in 
terms of members, in terms of UCCs, we are giving these numbers now. So you will have the 
month-wise numbers available to you. 
Amit Chandra: 
Yes. And sir, my last question on the SGF part. So obviously, if you can tell us what is the SGF in 
the F&O segment for us. And if I'm not wrong, there is a target set by the regulator in terms of 
having a particular SGF contribution for the F&O segment. So is it not right for us to assume that 

 
17 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
the SGF contribution would be in line with the market share because we are quite low in terms of 
the SGF contribution versus what the other exchange is having? 
Sundararaman R.: 
In terms of number, for equity derivatives, in fact, Amit, it's the third question that you are asking.  
As I'm just replying, nevertheless. For equity derivatives, the SGF is around RS. 114.15 crores. 
That is our core SGG. The total SGF contribution today BSE is having is around RS. 1,000 crores -
- roughly RS. 1,000 crores. My memory is -- so I think RS. 997 crores or something. 
The SGF computation as you know is a very complex process. And recently, there have been some 
changes from October 1, 2024, in the methodology of computation. The contribution of BSE to the 
clearing in totality and the ICCL clearing requirement are both not very big at this point of time. 
Because BSE is just growing and ICCL has a very low market share in clearing and settlement at 
this point of time. So given that the rules will accordingly apply by the regulator and as and when 
any call comes, we have not received any specific call for any specific increase at this point of time. 
As and when any call comes, we will certainly provide for as required by the regulatory setup. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay sir. Thank you and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Marsal, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Marsal: 
Yes, sir, first of all, many congratulations for putting such a fantastic number, but we have a 
serious apprehension that the kind of growth we have seen in the core revenue, whether it's 
sustainable since there are a lot of -- for example, this first, I want to ask that whether it's 
sustainable? Or if you can tell us that how much is coming from the core equity transaction and 
how much is coming from F&O? Because F&O is going to be under like a lot of changes like very 
shortly as per the regulatory guidelines. So if you can just like put some light on this one? 
 
 

 
18 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Sundararaman R.: 
 
Sure. Thank you so much. See, if you look at the income for BSE, it comes from the following 
sources. One is listing revenue; second is the data dissemination revenue; third is treasury 
income; fourth is equity income. Transaction charges coming out of equity. Fifth is transaction 
charges coming out of equity derivatives and sixth is transaction charges coming out of mutual 
funds. So if you look at it, while equity derivatives is an important contribution, it is basically other 
contributions are also there. To look at it this quarter, we have made a top line of RS. 350 crores 
from equity derivatives, RS. 100 crores from cash, around RS. 60 crores from mutual fund. And 
apart from that, of course, there is significant amount of listing fee, I think around RS. 120 crores 
of listing fees that we have made which is called as services to corporate. And we had treasury 
income which is around RS. 63 crores from clearing and settlement funds on and on. 
So while we do have good amount of revenue coming from derivatives, it's not that only 
derivatives is contributing for the top line growth. All the things that I mentioned to you, all of 
them have been contributing to the top line growth. With regard to the regulatory changes and 
the impact on impact on equity derivatives of BSE we need to see how it turns out because there 
are 2 factors which are on the play here. One factor is, of course, a negative factor is that Bankex 
still becomes a monthly product, there could be a blip in its volumes of weekly options because 
there'll be no weekly options. Whereas only two contracts are available in the market as a whole 
for all the investors to participate. Sensex being one of the indices, which is very understood and 
highly adapted and well followed and tracked index could find some meaningful interest for many 
of the market participants who have shorter interest, also longer-term interest and therefore, 
could be a very important product in the coming days. Based on these two, we need to wait and 
watch how the equity derivatives volumes proceed. The limited point, what I want to make is the 
revenue numbers that you are seeing are not solely coming from equity derivatives. It is spread 
over around 6 sources of income. All the other sources of income are also growing. And therefore 
to that extent, that provides a stability in income. 
Marsal:– 
But sir, like this derivative product is not available with one of the leading brokers which is 
shoonya.com, like it is showing in the list, but when we click, there is like no rate is showing there. 
So can you please check up with them and tell them like to start working on this. Because if you 
trade any option or future through this BSE, then there is no fees. So it is good for, for example, 
for the client as well as good for the broker also because if somebody is trading for derivative 

 
19 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
through BSE then he will be parting the money with the broker. So broker is also making interest 
from those options fund. So can you please ask your concerned person or head of trading, like 
recently, somebody is appointed there to take up with shoonya.com to activate this derivative 
function of BSE immediately, please? 
Sundararaman R.: 
Thank you for the suggestion. We continuously engage with all the brokers for activation of BSE 
platform. Now that you have suggested a specific name in our continuous follow-up, we will 
include that name also. To the extent what I understand, we were told that they are 
technologically enabled now to permit customers. So therefore that should be possible. So we will 
certainly be talking to them as well in our talks with all the brokers. I would also humbly submit 
to you when a client demands, as I was just replying two, three questions before when a client 
demands a product, the brokers have an incentive as you very rightly pointed out because it also 
makes business sense for them to provide the contract. So my humble request to you is from your 
side you also follow up and it is a continuous process for us to follow up with all the brokers, we 
will also include, if we have not already included in my opinion, we have been following up with 
shoonya as well, we will talk to them. And thank you so much for this suggestion to us. 
Marsal: 
 
But sir, I also gave one suggestion last time, sir, because it is a serious like but in your website, 
that if you are browsing any or if you're opening any PDF file in corporate announcement, which 
is 3 day old, it never opens. Like, for example, today, the date is 12th so I can open any 
announcement made by the company on 10th of November I can open, I can open of 11th 
November also, but I can open of 8th November also, but I can't open 9th November. 
So this is serious, but last time like your colleague told me that let me send an email to investor 
relations, we sent email to investor relations also, but it fell on the like on the nobody cared, and 
the problem still persists. So since you are the CEO of the BSE, kindly take some urgent action 
because we are so used to browse only through BSE, we are not like they used to browse NSE 
website because it is too like grumbled up. Your website is very simple, clean, but like the three 
days old announcement, never -- any PDF file never opens. So please take some action on your IT 
as well as your IR also. 
Sundararaman R.: 
 

 
20 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Thank you so much for bringing up to my notice. Certainly, I look into it. I will -- my IR people are 
and other all my KMPs are on the call. They are listening to you as well. I'll ask them to look into 
it. Thank you for the suggestion. 
Marsal: 
 
Yes. And my last question -- my second question, sir, is like CDSL we have a sizable holding. Why 
it is not showing in the fair valuation gain? 
Sundararaman R.: 
 
Before I answer this question because this is a fourth question, when you were talking, I tried to 
open from my mobile 4 days old PDF and I am able to open. I can suggest you also what is the PDF 
which I am opening. Reliance Industries one second kindly listen to me. It is a submission made 
by Reliance Industries Limited on October 24, 2024, which is in my portal, and I am opening it 
and I'm able to open, but you said three days old PDFs are not opening. So I will have to check 
whether there are any broker problem. 
Marsal: 
No. What I'm saying because we use this -- we use, for example, this desktop only like we use this 
laptop only. And I'm again trying to like to open something, for example, let me see some 
companies which companies should I browse here for example? 
Sundararaman R.: 
May I request you something. One is already the time is up, and this is the fourth question. In any 
case, I have noted your problem. While talking I tried to open multiple PDFs of the past, I'm able 
to open, I don't know why you are having a problem. So my humble request is you also check it 
from your system side whether you have any issue. We will also check from our side whether we 
have any issue. 
Marsal: 
Sir, like I am fine, but maybe you can open through mobile, but it's never opening in the laptop 
which I have tried multiple -- in the multiple laptops. So let me again clarify three days old, not 
four days old. If you -- today is 12th November, you can't open any announcement of 9th 
November, three days old, not four days old sir, in the laptop I'm saying? 

 
21 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Sundararaman R.: 
 
Okay. I think it has got something to do with your Chrome extension. I don't want to take the time 
here. Probably you should try, and we will also try and probably you should get in touch with one 
of us by calling us from the website number. We will tell you where your problem lies, we'll be 
able to resolve it for you soon. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as a last question for the day. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Anand Sethuraman, Head of Investor Relations for the closing 
comments. 
Anand Sethuraman:  
Thank you, Yousuf, for the call. Thank you, everyone for joining us on this call. We do realize that 
we have not been able to answer all questions. Please feel free to us at bse.ir@bseindia.com. 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. On behalf of BSE Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
