 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6th November, 2024  
The Manager,  
 
 
 
 
          The General Manager, 
Listing Department, 
 
 
 
 
          Department of Corporate Services, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd,                                  BSE Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 
 
 
 
 
          1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Plot No. – C – 1, G Block, 
 
 
 
          Rotunda Building, 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
 
 
 
          P.J. Towers, 
Bandra (East),  
 
 
 
 
          Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400051  
 
 
 
 
          Mumbai – 400001  
 
NSE Code:- PCBL 
 
 
 
 
         BSE Scrip Code:- 506590 
           
 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub:- Q2 FY 25 Earnings Conference Call – Transcript   
Further to our letters dated 25th October, 2024 and 30th October, 2024 and pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the 
transcript of the Q2 FY’25 Results Conference Call held on Wednesday, 30th October, 2024 at 12:30 hrs India 
Time, for the quarter ended 30th September, 2024. This information will also be hosted on the Company’s website 
at https://www.pcblltd.com/investor-relation/financials/investor-presentation .      
We request you to please take the afore-mentioned information in record and oblige.    
 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For PCBL LIMITED 
 
 
 
K. Mukherjee 
Company Secretary and Chief Legal Officer  
 
 
 
Enclo: As above  
 
KAUSHIK 
MUKHERJ
EE
Digitally signed 
by KAUSHIK 
MUKHERJEE 
Date: 2024.11.06 
18:43:12 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“PCBL Limited Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAUSHIK ROY – MANAGING DIRECTOR, PCBL 
LIMITED 
MR. RAJ GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, PCBL 
LIMITED 
MR. SAKET SAH – GROUP HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS 
AND ESG REPORTING 
MR. PANKAJ KEDIA – VICE PRESIDENT -INVESTOR 
RELATIONS 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJESH JAIN – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 

 
PCBL Limited 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to PCBL Limited Q2 FY '25 Earning 
Conference Call, hosted by ICICI Securities. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the-listen only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal and operator by pressing "*", then "0" on your touch 
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjesh Jain. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Thanks, Nivedita. Good afternoon, everyone on the call. Thank you for joining on the PCBL 
Limited Q2 FY '25 Results Conference Call. 
 
We have PCBL Management on the call represented by Mr. Kaushik Roy – Managing Director; 
Mr. Raj Gupta – CFO; Mr. Saket Sah – Group Head Investor Relations and ESG; Mr. Pankaj 
Kedia, Vice President, Investor Relations.  
 
I would like to invite Mr. Kaushik Roy to initiate the call with his “Opening Remarks”, post 
which we will have a Q&A session. Over to you, sir. 
Kaushik Roy: 
Thank you so much. Very good day, ladies and gentlemen. Good afternoon and a very, very 
warm welcome to all of you. And at the same time, I wish you all a very, very Happy Diwali 
and prosperous New Year.  
 
I will take you through some of the major highlights first for the quarter, and thereafter, will be 
happy to take questions. 
During the quarter, our consolidated sales volume (carbon black) increased by 14% year-on-
year to 1.48 lakh tonnes. While consolidated revenue from operations increased by 45% to Rs. 
2,163 crores on the back of better realization, higher sales volume and revenue from recently 
acquired Aquapharm Chemicals.  
 
Consolidated EBITDA grew by about 53% year-on-year to Rs. 369 crores. PBT stood at Rs. 164 
crores, while PAT stood at Rs. 123 crores. Consolidated EBITDA per tonnes in carbon black 
business further increased to Rs. 21,324.  
Of the total carbon black sales volume, domestic sales were at 90,219 tonnes, while international 
sales were at 58,474 tonnes. Export sales volume registered a strong year-on-year growth of 22% 
in Q2 FY '25.  
 
Now, let me move on to segmental performance. Tyre accounted for 82,383 tonnes, performance 
chemical reported sales volume of 49,183 tonnes, while specialty sales volume was at 17,127 
tonnes, which is again the highest ever in our history. We continue to expand our product 
portfolio and customer base.  

 
PCBL Limited 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
During this time, we also achieved the highest ever power generation and sales volume during 
the quarter. Power generation increased by 25% from 167 MU in Q2 FY '24 to 209 MU during 
the quarter, with an external sales volume of 126 MU as against 103 MU in Q2 FY '24. PCBL's 
average realizations stood at Rs 3.56 Kwh .  
 
Coming to six monthly performances: 
During H1FY '25, consolidated revenue from operations increased by 52% year-on-year to Rs. 
4,307 crores from Rs. 2,834 crores (H1FY '24). Sales volume increased 19% year-on-year to 
302,610 metric tonnes in H1FY '25. The consolidated EBITDA for H1FY '25 was up 62% year-
on-year to Rs. 738 crores. from Rs. 455 crores. Power generation and sales volume also went up 
by around 20% in the first half of the financial year.  
 
Let me now talk about Aquapharm Chemicals: 
Aquapharm Chemicals reported a steady performance during the quarter. Post the completion of 
the acquisition, we have been working on an integration process. The Company is implementing 
various cost optimization and operational efficiency measures which would result in better 
capacity utilization, leading to improvement in the Company’s performance in coming quarters.  
In Q2 FY '25, revenue stood at Rs. 362 crore and EBITDA stood at Rs. 50 crores. The quarterly 
sales volumes stood at 24,510 tonnes. The capacity utilization remained above 75% during the 
quarter. 
 
PCBL is amidst an aggressive capacity expansion program in carbon black, water treatment, 
detergent, as well as oil and gas chemicals under Aquapharm. The Company is working on 
strengthening its supply chain, improving product mix and cost optimization initiatives. The 
long-term prospects of all the business segments look quite positive, and we believe there would 
be adequate business potential to sustain the growth momentum.  
 
At PCBL, research and innovation are important drivers of both technical advancement and 
business expansion. As communicated earlier, the Company has made substantial investment in 
infrastructure, human capital and streamlined processes. These investments have significantly 
bolstered PCBL's capabilities in new product development, customization, and applications, as 
well as process efficiency. The carbon black capacity of the Company stood at 770,000 MTPA. 
PCBL expects to commission the specialty project of 20,000 MTPA in Mundra and 30,000 
MTPA brownfield expansion of carbon black facility in PCBL, Tamil Nadu in Q3 FY '25. The 
second phase of PCBL Tamil Nadu expansion of 60,000 MTPA would take the total installed 
capacity to 8,80,000 MTPA, with a Green Power capacity of 134 MW in FY '26.  
 
Aquapharm Chemicals is implementing an expansion project of 38,000 MTPA, which is likely 
to be commissioned by March 2025.  

 
PCBL Limited 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
We aim to reach 1 million tonnes capacity in carbon black by FY '27-'28, possibly we will 
surpass this target as well. We are currently evaluating sites for proposed greenfield capacity. 
This would help us to significantly increase our global market share.  
 
Now, let me share some updates on our recent joint venture in battery chemical space, specific 
to anode: 
PCBL has executed a JV agreement with Kindia Private Limited to form Nanovace Technologies 
Limited for developing nanosilicon products to be used in anodes of lithium-ion batteries. PCBL 
holds 51% and Kindia 49% in Nanovace Technologies. PCBL would infuse $44 million in 
Nanovace in multiple stages over the next two years for acquiring IPs, setting up pilot plant, and 
thereafter commercial scale manufacturing facility. Currently, Nanovace is setting up a pilot 
plant at PCBL, Palej site.  
 
The carbon black business continues to be on a strong growth trajectory and is well poised to 
capture the growth in the domestic and exports market with new capacity additions, wide product 
suite, and strong R&D capability. The Company continues to invest in growth, innovation and 
supply chain capabilities across the world. We expect significant growth in international sales 
volume to European markets. With planned capacity additions, PCBL plans to ramp up global 
sales volume from FY '26.  
 
With this update, I will conclude now and open the floor for your queries. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Aditya from SMIFS Limited. Please go ahead, sir. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Yes. Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is on to the expansion which we 
are doing of 30,000 tonnes by next quarter. So, has the work at the site been completed fully as 
of now? 
Raj Gupta: 
Yes. Aditya, the project work is almost complete. We are awaiting Consent to Operate. We have 
already applied for it. And we expect commissioning soon.  
Aditya Khetan: 
And sir, in this plant, so is it an extension to our existing grades only? So, recently we have also 
got some patented products into the carbon black space, so that new products we are planning to 
launch here or so it is an extension of the old product? 
Raj Gupta: 
We have three broad portfolios or business segments under PCBL, one is Specialty, which 
requires completely different processes and reactor design. Rest all grades can be manufactured 
in this new facility, so other than specialty. Specialty requires separate reactors. Currently we 
have such reactors in Palej and Mundra. Rest all plants can manufacture all the other grades, 
including the ones which we recently patented.  

 
PCBL Limited 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir my next question is on to the carbon black EBITDA per ton. So, I believe sir for the last two, 
three quarters, we are maintaining that run rate of Rs. 21,000 per tonnes. So, how sustainable 
you see this number to be going ahead? Can there be like this can fall down to your original 
target of Rs. 18,000 per tonnes, which you were alluding one year back, can that number be 
achieved? Or you think this is the sustainable number for now?  
Raj Gupta: 
So, the global business environment even now, is extremely turbulent. Last quarter, we saw the 
freight rates moving up by almost 35-40%. And the margins that you see for last quarter, is in 
spite of that. We not only believe that these margins are sustainable, but we also believe there is 
a fair level of cushion for us to go up on margins as our product mix changes, as our operating 
leverage improves. And we are still working on improving our manufacturing efficiency, so 
yields also have scope to improve.  
Aditya Khetan: 
But sir, suppose if the freight rates compress or they come down, which we have started to 
witness on quarter-on-quarter that freight rates are coming down, still you see that the spreads 
can maintain because decline in spread rates would definitely impact the spreads also of carbon 
black. In spite of this you are factoring like this, so this number can be maintained you mean to 
say? 
Raj Gupta: 
Aditya, when we sell in global markets, we have to compete with the local manufacturers. So, 
when freight rates are high, our margins get compressed. So, in a low freight scenario, the 
margins would tend to go up, not go down.  
Aditya Khetan: 
I was actually mentioning so when freight rates are high, so to pass on that impact, you generally 
keep the carbon black prices at a higher level, just to pass on that incremental freight. So, in that 
time generally the spread looks optically higher as compared to a normal business environment, 
but still like you're alluding to the fact that this number can be maintained? 
Raj Gupta: 
Yes. I mean, when the cost of doing business comes down, generally the margins expand, and 
that is true to our business also.  
Aditya Khetan: 
Perfect. Sir on to the Aquapharm, I believe sir you were guiding earlier around 15-20% volume 
growth. In this quarter sir we had witnessed only, you can say, flattish volumes only. Any 
specific reason, sir, can you highlight for these flattish volumes?  
Raj Gupta: 
Aditya, there are a lot of stuff that we are doing in Aquapharm. We are primarily working on 
improving their cost structure, improving operational efficiency and improving capacity 
utilization. But all these initiatives will take some time. So, the real reflection of such measure 
will flow into the numbers, maybe after two, three quarters. So, in the current quarter, I mean, 
with all the global uncertainties which are there, plus the turbulence in global business 
conditions, last quarter was largely flat, but we expect this performance to improve in quarters 
going forward. 

 
PCBL Limited 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir, just one last question. Sir, outlook on the debt what we are foreseeing. And in earlier call sir 
you have mentioned that we are looking at around Rs. 2,000 crores of cash flow per annum. In 
half yearly sir, we have made somewhere around Rs. 700-800 crores. Just want to know, so that 
can Rs.2,000 crore annual cash flow number be maintained for the next two, three years? And 
how that would be utilized for repayment of debt and for the further CAPEX? 
Raj Gupta: 
Aditya, when we spoke about cash flow, we spoke about how much cash we are going to 
generate over the next five years. And we did speak about Rs. 9,500- 10,000 crores of cash 
generation. But cash generation would increase every year with higher capacity and higher sales 
volume. So, it will not be uniform across every year. So, it will not be like Rs. 2,000 crore every 
year for the next five years, right. But we will be generating enough cash flow which can support 
our growth plans as well as also help us reduce our debt. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir, any debt figures you have made up in mind? Like for FY '26-'27 what would that number 
look like?  
Raj Gupta: 
We are not looking at any absolute debt level, but we are not comfortable with our debt to 
EBITDA beyond 2. So, we will try and bring it down to that. Now, it might take a year more 
because we will certainly not compromise with our growth plans just because there is a little 
more debt on our books. But whatever surplus cash that we generate beyond our capital 
expenditure, that certainly we are going to utilize towards debt reduction. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Radha from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Radha: 
Sir, my first question is that in the carbon black business, according to a previous presentation 
given by the Company, so just wanted to understand the demand scenario. So, India is expected 
to create an incremental demand of 4.5 lakh tonnes in the next five years. The Europe rebalancing 
of supply chain is creating an incremental demand of 2.5 lakh tonnes, and global market ex of 
India, if we factor in low single digit growth rate, then that is creating around 300 lakh tonnes 
of demand in the next five years.  
 
So, from FY '24 base, PCBL's target is to achieve another 4 lakh tonnes of volumes in the next 
five years. So, from India, if you assume 33% market share in India, then we can get around 1.5 
lakh tonnes from India out of the 4 lakh tonnes of incremental volume that we want to do in the 
next five years. So, for the balance, that is 4 minus 1.5, can you please help me how the road 
map is that how much from Europe rebalancing are you targeting and how much from the 
remaining global market growth? 
Raj Gupta: 
Radha, we are not targeting any particular market for our growth aspiration. It's a fairly large 
market. It's around 15 million tonnes market already. And if you look at the global growth rate, 
long term growth rate had been around 3.5%, which creates a large opportunity and scope for 
further increase in volume. Now, a lot of countries which have large consumption are not adding 

 
PCBL Limited 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
capacity. So, the opportunity for Asian manufacturers becomes very large. We are a global 
Company, and do not depend on any single market.  
 
If you look at our last 3-4years' export volumes, it has increased from around 150,000 tons to 
250,000 tons already. And there's a large market there.  
We have invested heavily in our supply chain ability in the last 4-5 years. Currently, we do not 
have the capacity to cater to all this demand. But the demand is there. So, whatever infrastructure 
we have already created, that will support our growth plans. We are very confident that growing 
at 10%-11% volume CAGR in the next 5 years is not going to be much of a challenge for us, we 
just need to have capacities. 
Radha: 
Sir, just if you can give this Europe’s re-balancing of 2.5 lakh tonnes that Russia and China used 
to supply. So, out of that how much can we get? 
Raj Gupta: 
Radha, we are looking at all markets with equal possibility. So, we are not focusing our growth 
plans on any particular geography. We will remain flexible. So, wherever we see opportunity, 
we are trying to create stronger presence in all markets where there is a potential. So, Europe 
remains important for us, but this is obviously not going to be the only market. So, putting a 
number to a market, I do not think that will be fair for us at this stage. 
Radha: 
Sir, the second question is on the CAPEX front. So, in the last call you had highlighted that to 
achieve Rs. 2,300 crores of EBITDA in carbon black business, we need around 1.4 MTPA of 
capacity. So, on a base of FY '24 capacity of 7.7 lakh tonnes, we need to add another 6.3 lakh 
tonnes. So, the CAPEX per metric tonnes was also highlighted in the last call, so that I have 
taken at Rs. 65,000 per tonnes. So, that gives us a CAPEX of Rs. 4,500 crores only on the carbon 
black business. But in the call, it was highlighted that on carbon black we will be spending Rs. 
2,500 crores but I am getting Rs. 4,500 crores. So, please help me where I am going wrong or 
help me understand these numbers. 
Raj Gupta: 
Radha, I think the numbers are not correct. We did speak about 400,000 tonnes of additional 
capacity requirement. So, if we grow at about 10%-11% every year, by 2029 we will require 
another 430,000 tonnes of capacity, which will involve a CAPEX of about Rs. 2,500-. 2,600 
crores, and that's the number that we shared during the last call. 
Radha: 
Sir lastly, you spoke about the supply chain that we have created over the years. So, exports have 
become a very big factor for PCBL, so currently 40% of our carbon black sales are exported. 
So, that has gone up from 30% in the last two years, and in ACPL also 90% of sales are from 
global markets. So, just wanted your thoughts a little bit about if you could speak on how the 
Company has improved the supply chain in the global markets, both organically and 
inorganically. If you can tell us a bit of numbers in terms of how many distributors we have 
added in the region, where we are standing versus peers? And how we are trying to scale this up 
in the next five years. 

 
PCBL Limited 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Raj Gupta: 
Well, Radha, for the last 6-7 years we have been investing in supply chain bandwidth. Currently, 
we have seven global offices, we are going to get another one, I think in a month's time, so we 
will have eight. Then we have our own warehouses, decanting stations, even our R&D center 
outside India. Currently there are 21 touch points which include these warehousing facilities, 
decanting stations and our offices in different parts of the globe. Additionally, we also have tie 
ups with dealers and distributors. But in all geographies where we see large potential, we have 
our own office now. 
 
So, in smaller geographies where it is more fragmented sales, we are doing through dealers and 
distributors. Additionally, now with Aquapharm coming under our fold, they have almost equal 
number of touch points. So, together if you look at the entire supply chain, currently we have 
more than 40 global supply chain points outside India. And we are, of course, going to strengthen 
it further going forward. As I said, we do not depend on India for our growth aspirations, the 
entire world is our marketplace. So, we are going to further invest in supply chain capability 
going forward. 
Radha: 
Sir, just one last question. Please help us understand the product from Nanovace. So, what is the 
USP of the products that we will be making in that compared to the peers? And is there anyone 
in India having such capabilities or will we be the only Company having the sole advantage? 
Raj Gupta: 
Well, Radha, in batteries there are three important parts, one is anode, one is cathode, and one 
is the electrolyte. Cathode is where the reaction happens and the ions are generated, and ions are 
stored in the anode part of the battery. So, anode plays an important role in battery capacity. So, 
the higher the absorption capacity of anode, the bigger will be capacity of the battery, lower will 
be the charging time of the battery.  
 
Now, conventionally, anodes were made from graphite, and graphite has very limited absorption 
capacity. What we are going to produce under Nanovace will be an additive which when mixed 
with graphite in anode, will increase its absorption power, ion absorption power, which will 
increase battery capacity and which will also reduce the charging time of the battery. Now, it's 
a breakthrough technology. Currently, while I would not say we are going to be the only 
manufacturer in this space, a lot of work is happening globally and on different materials. We 
are working on Silica. And the material that we are going to manufacture is one of its own kind. 
It's, like I said, a breakthrough technology. This material is very expensive globally, currently it 
is getting sold at $300/kg. We believe that even if we sell it at $100/ kg two years from now, we 
are still going to get about 65% gross margin. That's the kind of potential on the profitability 
side. So, this is it, Radha, if I have been able to answer your question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal from Kitara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kunal: 
Sir, can you give me an outlook for Aquapharm for the next 3-5 years, as in how to understand 
the business and how's the outlook for the business? And second, again for battery chemical 
space, as I rightly understand, the revenue will start flowing from FY '27 onwards. So, do we 

 
PCBL Limited 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
have any visibility for that revenue? And like you said, 60% gross margin, so what cost 
advantage do we have, is it the labor or the raw material? 
Raj Gupta: 
It is the process itself, Kunal. So, I will answer your second question first and then I will hand it 
over to our MD to answer the Aquapharm thing. Currently, the process of manufacturing is 
extremely power intensive. And consequently, the cost itself is very high. We believe that we 
can produce it at one-fifth of the cost. So, what this process will involve is conversion of natural 
silica or the regular silica into nano silicon particles. Silica is one of the most abundantly 
available material in the universe, and therefore I mean very cheap. And our process will not be 
as power intensive and therefore we will have the cost advantage, right. So, that's on the raw 
material part.  
 
Now, on the profitability part, we are starting with our 2,000 tonnes capacity. Even at $100/kg 
revenue, this 2,000 tonnes capacity will generate a Rs. 2,000 crores top line. So, that's kind of, 
and we believe that once this plant comes up, which should be in FY '27, it will not take us more 
than couple of years' time to utilize full capacity. So, by FY '29 we should be doing at least Rs. 
2,000 crores kind of revenue from this facility.  
 
On Aquapharm, long term business plans of course we have. But what we are doing currently, I 
think, that is more important for you to understand. I will hand it over to Mr. Roy. 
Kaushik Roy: 
Well, on Aquapharm there is two parts to it, one is the Indian portion, and the other one is the 
US portion. Now, Indian portion, primarily they are into water treatment and detergent 
application. And the USA is more into the chemical for oil and natural gas production. Coming 
to India, within detergent and water treatment application, there are three categories of products. 
One is phosphonate, which is kind of the base and fundamental grade, one is polymer, and the 
third one is green chelates. Aquapharm currently is more focused on phosphonate, but going 
forward, our major focus will be on green chelates and polymer application for water treatment 
and detergent as well.  
 
The reason is, polymer and green chelates both are more green products from the point of view 
of sustainability and will be the need of future for the entire globe. So, therefore, the focus will 
move more and more towards green chelates and polymers, and this will be driven primarily by 
the R&D coming out with newer products in both these categories, polymers as well as the green 
chelates. And we see a clear, very sharp growth opportunity in these two areas. While 
phosphonate will continue to hold a position as the global leader, we'll continue to expand 
phosphonate as well.  
 
Coming to USA, which is primarily for oil and gas chemical, this is primarily today for U.S. 
market, but we are likely to expand beyond U.S. to European market as well, that is our desire. 
Current capacity is not fully utilized. We are going to add further capacity as soon as we feel the 
current capacity is getting consumed fully. So, that is the plan going forward. We expect to invest 

 
PCBL Limited 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
roughly around anywhere between Rs. 600-700 crore over the period of next three to five years, 
between Aquapharm India and USA. 
Kunal: 
Rs. 600-700 crores of revenue? 
Kaushik Roy: 
Rs. 600 - 700 crores of investment in CAPEX over a period of next 3-5 years between India and 
USA. 
Kunal: 
And what should be asset turn for the CAPEX? 
Raj Gupta: 
If you look at their current fixed asset block, they have about Rs. 400 crores of assets which can 
generate about Rs. 2,000 crores of top line. We believe the ratio will be largely same. 
Kunal: 
And margins should be better or should be the similar range? 
Raj Gupta: 
See, historically, they have operated at about 20% plus margin, and with the new product 
launches which are going to be higher margin, we believe that we can improve it further. So, FY 
'29 we are targeting about 25% EBITDA margin from this business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjesh Jain. Please go ahead, sir. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
First of all, Happy Diwali to the entire team. First, to the bookkeeping question, let me finish 
that. This quarter there was a sharp drop in the other expenses on the standalone side, any 
particular reason? And this is despite freight cost being elevated, that's one. Number two, it 
appears that there is some compression in the gross profit margin at Aquapharm level and that's 
leading for EBITDA sequentially declining. Any particular thing happening in the Aquapharm 
as the weakness in the entire market is impacting as well. 
Raj Gupta: 
So, our other expenses contain some of the variable expenses also, and volume this quarter was 
around 5,000 tonnes lower compared to last quarter. So, there was a proportionate decrease there. 
Also, in the first quarter there were some shutdowns that we had taken towards the end of the 
first quarter, so there were some repair and maintenance related expenses which were there, 
which obviously was not there in quarter two. So, it was primarily on account of that. Coming 
to Aquapharm thing, I will request Mr. Roy to take it. 
Kaushik Roy: 
Aquapharm, the decline what we've seen actually it has happened more from US operation. The 
US market from the point of view of oil and gas sectors is going through a very, very rough 
patch in recent times, and the demand has come down substantially. That has put a lot of pressure 
on our capacity utilization as well as on the margin, and that is what was reflected in the number 
what we have seen. But our feeling is, it will eventually recover in USA, and that's all the more 
reason we talked about just now that we will be expanding in the European market for oil and 
gas chemicals as well. So, that is the reason we are expanding, and we are going beyond, because 
we do not want to put all the eggs in the same basket. We want to kind of derisk the whole thing 
and therefore we are looking at beyond U.S. market to Europe. 

 
PCBL Limited 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Raj, just on the operating cost, of Rs. 14.50/Kg is the operating cost this quarter and for last 
many quarters if we see, we were hovering around Rs. 15- 16. There is a genuine reduction in 
the cost, it's more of an operating leverage which is playing out here, or you feel that we will 
again go back to Rs. 15-16/Kg? 
Raj Gupta: 
So, it is largely operating leverage, plus, with all the investments that we have made in new 
business, we are also looking at the scope to reduce our cost wherever possible. But it is mostly 
the function of operating leverage, with higher capacity we are getting that advantage.  
Sanjesh Jain: 
Very clear. Last question from my side on the battery chemical side. How has been the response, 
have we started switching to the battery OEMs? And are they excited with the scope of integrated 
silicon, graphite in their battery? Anything on the market side will be really helpful. 
Raj Gupta: 
I think we are constrained to talk. There are some developments. 
Kaushik Roy: 
Okay, there is a lot of excitement in the market, and we are in discussion with some of the leading 
battery and auto manufacturers. But at this point in time, we are a little constrained to share those 
names because of the confidentiality agreement.  
Sanjesh Jain: 
No, no, I am not looking at names, as in have they started integrating it, have they started looking 
or putting it in a battery? 
Kaushik Roy: 
Yes, absolutely. It has already started so that joint development and how to use it, what is to be 
done etc., the discussions have already started. 
Raj Gupta: 
Sanjesh, we are very confident that once we get the pilot plant, in a year's time we will have 
approval from most of the targeted consumers.  
Kaushik Roy: 
And these are some of the global names. Unfortunately, we are constrained and not able to share 
with you, at an appropriate time we will do that, but these are all big global names from auto and 
battery. 
Raj Gupta: 
Sanjesh, what we will also do, maybe at a later stage, we will arrange investor interaction with 
some of the scientists who are part of this project. I think that will provide you with more 
understanding of the technical part of it and the feasibility part of the project.  
Sanjesh Jain: 
We would love it. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Seth from Quest Investment. Please go 
ahead, Sir. 
Bharat Seth: 
My first question is related to the carbon black. Raj, when we are talking of 10-11% of CAGR 
growth for next 4-5years, within that, if you can give some color how much will be the specialty 
growth and performance chemical?  

 
PCBL Limited 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Raj Gupta: 
Sir, the whole pie has the opportunity. So, while speciality we will be maintaining about 10,000 
tonnes of volume addition every year, in rest of the portfolio also we are going to add similar 
kind of growth. So, when we say 10-11%, both the pies are going to expand by the same. The 
only thing is that the base in specialty is smaller currently, so specialty will become almost 
double in the next four to five years' time, but this portfolio will increase by about 60-65%. So, 
the volume growth is on the entire pie.  
Bharat Seth: 
And performance chemical side, if you can give a little more color, which I generally believe 
that has a little higher profitability than the tyre grade. Is that a fair understanding?  
Raj Gupta: 
Yes, that's a more fragmented market and carries better margins, about 25% more compared to 
tyre, which is bulk business for us.  
Bharat Seth: 
So, that will continue to grow at 10-11%, or there is a room to improve the growth percentage? 
Raj Gupta: 
Yes, more or less, I think the share percentage between performance and tyre grade segment will 
remain more or less similar. 
Kaushik Roy: 
Bharat ji, tyre and this performance chemicals market are pretty matured and have a larger base. 
So, what Raj talked about in 10% plus will naturally for these two segments will be around that, 
whereas the speciality since the base is smaller, in the percentage terms it will look larger. The 
growth will look little larger in percentage terms. But as we mentioned, every year we are adding 
10,000 MT, like this year we are going to close possibly around 60,000-65,000 MT, we will be 
adding another 10,000 MT. So, percentage number wise it will be little more. But look at the 
whole pie, the point here is that we will be growing in all these three. Percentage don't look at 
because that's not the right measurement, it depends on the base and the size. And speciality we 
are growing, it is comparatively smaller base, so therefore the percentage will look a little bigger. 
Bharat Seth: 
Now coming onto this Aquapharm, when we spoke about this Rs. 600-800 crores kind of 
CAPEX over five years and where we are seeing that phosphonate, polymer as well as green 
chelates has a better profitability and better growth prospect. So, this capital allocation, if you 
can share some how much CAPEX we are going for this polymer and green chelates side?  
Raj Gupta: 
See, these are all part of our innovation, Bharat ji. Now, the margin profile, even in the 
conventional business of Aquapharm is good. So, we are not saying that these are going to be an 
exceptionally higher margin in this business. But then as a business, we have to constantly move 
up the value chain and keep the business relevant for the customers. So, all the renovations which 
are happening are towards portfolio expansion, and also cater to part of the market currently to 
which we are not catering.  
Bharat Seth: 
And last question, Raj, for you, normally when the oil price is low for carbon black, I mean, the 
working capital turns down substantially. So, anticipating oil will remain in $70 to $75 broad 
range, how much savings or additional cash flow can be generated from working capital?  

 
PCBL Limited 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Raj Gupta: 
It's a very simple math. So, crude falls by 10%, and our working capital requirement goes down 
by around 8%. So, that's a very simple calculation. But then that's assuming that we have the 
same turnover. We are expanding in terms of volume and that will also reflect on our top line. 
So, the savings in working capital will also depend on the overall turnover that we are generating 
from business. But, yes, the capital efficiency will improve when crude comes down. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krishnan from JM Financial. Please go ahead, 
sir. 
Krishnan: 
Wish you very Happy Diwali. Firstly, on carbon black, what was the reason for the sequential 
dip in overall sales volume, especially the exports?  
Raj Gupta: 
So, typically, Krishnan, what happens, most of the tyre companies take maintenance shutdowns 
during monsoon season in India. So, that was one reason. And this is usual, I mean, every year 
you will see this happening. And also, last quarter the availability of containers was a challenge, 
the freight rates also moved up because of that so it also impacted our volumes in overseas 
markets.  
Krishnan: 
So, basically some of the volumes were affected due to the container availability and some due 
to, let's say, maintenance shutdowns, is that correct?  
Raj Gupta: 
Yes. And overall capacity utilization was still 94%. So, we are operating at almost full capacity. 
Krishnan: 
And you expect going forward kind of this coming back let's say 154 KTPA and higher or do 
you expect this to be in the similar range of 148-149 KTPA? 
Raj Gupta: 
I mean, the idea is to utilize full capacity, and we know the scope is there in market. See what is 
happening is, now we are left with very little capacity cushion, and therefore we can't commit 
capacity to the new customers or even for the same customers we can't commit more capacity to 
them. So, we are awaiting new capacities to be available. And therefore, we are also speeding 
up our project work. So, initially we had given a timeline of fourth quarter for this 50,000 tonnes 
capacity. We kind of increased the pace of project work, and now we are targeting 
commissioning within this quarter. So, that will also give us some more capacity cushion. But it 
takes time between capacity to come up and then getting requisite approvals from customers and 
being able to ramp that up, utilize that. But the idea is to have more capacity with us so that we 
can also get into more contracts with our stable customers.  
Krishnan: 
And secondly, I think Kaushik da mentioned that there was some roughness in the oil and 
chemical side, so the utilization was lower. So, what is the capacity utilization you are targeting 
in Aquapharm for the second half and in FY '26? 
Raj Gupta: 
Second half, it will improve marginally. We currently are at about 75% on overall basis, India 
and USA all combined. We believe that by fourth quarter we should reach around 82-83%. We 
are targeting a little more but we have more confidence level at that level. But the idea is to have 

 
PCBL Limited 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
full capacity utilization. I mean, this 75- 80%is not acceptable in our system. There's a fairly 
large market and all it takes is to spread out and identify opportunities where these are. So, our 
target is to reach full capacity utilization. God willing, we will achieve that in next few quarters, 
four, five quarters.  
Krishnan: 
Got it. Thank you so much for patiently answering my questions. Wish you all the best for the 
coming quarters. And Happy Diwali. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhav from Fidelity Investment. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
Madhav: 
Sir, I just had one question. Basically, if you could just share where we are in the carbon black 
demand supply cycle from a next three-year perspective. There was quite a lot of disruption 
which happened in Europe because of the Russian supply and then China obviously had become 
cost uncompetitive in this space. So, if you could just share some view from a 3-5 year 
perspective where we are today. Thank you.  
Raj Gupta: 
We believe that, see, China was dominant and will remain prominent because they have a large 
market, captive market only in their own country. They account for almost 35% of global carbon 
black consumption. So, the carbon black companies in China, they will continue to produce and 
continue to sell. And when they produce, they will also have some surplus that they will want to 
sell outside their country.  
 
Now, so far as cost is concerned, their cost structure is not what it used to be 10 years back. And 
China's stance also is today that we will sell to outside China customers, but not at a price at 
which they expect, but at a price which Chinese companies want. So, it has created kind of a 
level playing field. Having said that, not many companies in China are making money in this 
business, and therefore possibly they will consolidate further and we will not see too much 
capacity coming up there. So, the market size will remain more or less constant or it will 
consolidate further.  
 
Russia is facing sanctions from entire Western European Union. Now, they are selling this 
capacity elsewhere in the world, mostly in Asian countries. But what will this situation do to 
them is, this will kind of reduce their further investment in capacity. Globally, only Russia and 
China had advantage in terms of cost. China because of scale and because of coal tar availability, 
and Russia because of its own crude. Now, if China is consolidating or not adding more capacity 
or not making money in this business, and Russia again is not making money in this business 
and they are also kind of not adding capacity, the opportunity for the rest of the world becomes 
very large. Next three to five years we are looking at, with a lot of confidence, that it will be a 
large opportunity for Indian manufacturers and a rapid growth phase for us.  
Madhav: 
Is there any other country in the world where carbon black capacity is being added today? Like 
I think Indonesia, Malaysia used to add some small capacity earlier, but where is the supplier 

 
PCBL Limited 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
really coming to service the incremental demand? Because like you said it's a 15 million tonnes 
market and we might need 4 lakh tonnes maybe each year, incremental. So, who is building the 
capacity today?  
Raj Gupta: 
Other than India, today India and China, I mean, when we talk about Asia, most of the other 
countries are marginal in terms of capacity. So, while small, small pieces of capacity will keep 
coming up, because these markets are also growing in terms of their local demand. If you look 
at say Indonesia or Malaysia or Thailand, these economies are also growing at a rapid rate, 
almost the same growth rate at which India is growing. So, they will have their incremental 
demand locally. But in terms of catering to global demand, they do not have that level of surplus 
or they are not even planning for that level of capacity addition. So, Indian manufacturers will 
have an edge over their other Asian counterparts. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Khush from Electrum PMS. Please go ahead 
Sir. 
Khush: 
Sir, I had one question, what kind of growth we are seeing in Aquapharm considering the 
CAPEX from FY '26, once things are back to normal, what kind of top line growth and 
sustainable EBITDA margins? 
Raj Gupta: 
Growth in terms of top line, we believe that we can grow at around 17-18% from FY '26 onwards. 
And our margins, we believe that from next year itself we will have around 20% EBITDA 
margin, which will gradually improve towards 25% by FY '29. So, we will see an annual 
increase. 
Khush: 
And sir, just last question. So, we have seen exports grow year-on-year by 22%. So, can we 
assume that some contribution was due to increased sale in European region because of the 
Russian ban? 
Raj Gupta: 
Yes, of course. Our share of sales to the European markets has gone up. In FY '22 it was only 
about 3.5-4%, currently we are doing close to 21% in those markets and the scope is much, much 
better, we are constrained by capacity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya from SMIFS Limited. Please go ahead 
Sir. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir, my question is on to the battery chemical’s part. Sir, you had mentioned that, so this battery 
chemicals business will generate around Rs. 2,000 crores of top line. Sir, what are the 
assumptions we are taking here in terms of the realization?  
Raj Gupta: 
We are considering the $100/Kg realization which is around one-third of the current market price 
of similar material. 
Aditya Khetan: 
And sir, this is on to the capacity of 2,000 tonnes, right, sir?  

 
PCBL Limited 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Raj Gupta: 
That's correct.  
Aditya Khetan: 
And sir, similarly, how much would be the EBITDA margins, like you have stated, so gross 
margins would be around 65%? 
Raj Gupta: 
Could be around 50%. Because it's a small capacity, we do not see any kind of elevated fixed 
overhead structure here. It will be a very lean structure. So, around 50% should flow to EBITDA 
level.  
Aditya Khetan: 
And sir, I believe, eventually we are talking of around, earlier we were stating that this capacity 
was around 3,000 tonnes sir. I believe in our earlier meeting you had mentioned 3,000 tonnes, 
now that size has been reduced to around 2,000 tonnes? 
Raj Gupta: 
No, we are saying that our first plant will be 2,000 tonnes. Of course we will have to add another 
plant of equal size, and therefore by 2029 we should be doing around 2,000-2,500 tonnes at least, 
it can be even more. But the numbers that I am sharing is for the first plant, first capacity which 
comes up.  
Aditya Khetan: 
And from this pilot project only we would be making around Rs. 400 crores to Rs. 500 crores of 
EBITDA? 
Raj Gupta: 
No, pilot plant is much smaller, and this will be primarily used for sampling purposes.  
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir, Rs. 2,000 crores of top line, so roughly 50%, so Rs. 1,000 crores of EBITDA for the JV, and 
Rs. 500 crores for the pilot plant itself.  
Raj Gupta: 
No, Aditya, you are confusing between the two. So, we are initially setting up a pilot plant which 
should come up in next 6-7 months' time, we will use that for sampling purpose, that is not meant 
for commercial purpose. Parallelly, we are also setting up a commercial plant of 2,000 tonnes 
which should come up in FY '27, and that plant we will utilize for commercial sale.  
Aditya Khetan: 
So, sir, so that technology, we have already tied up with the technology, so what are the key 
challenges you see on to this? So, if suppose we ramp up from 2,000 tonnes to around 10,000 
tonnes, any sort of key challenges you foresee?  
Raj Gupta: 
The market is currently growing at about 25% CAGR, it's about 15,000 tonnes market for this 
material. Very few producers globally. No one is very sizeable in this space. And the price of 
this material is currently prohibitive. As I said, $300/Kg, which kind of also restricts the growth 
potential. We bring down the price, the market, I mean the growth can explode from the current 
level. We have seen that kind of movement happening in the EV space.  
 
And EV is not going to be the only industry which will create demand, the power saving 
requirement across countries that is increasing, and I think that will be one of the biggest 

 
PCBL Limited 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
contributors to demand for this material. So, currently, of course, we are focusing on the first 
plant and utilization thereof. But I think in this space the opportunity is much, much larger.  
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir on to that 12,000 tonnes, suppose if we commercialize it by 2030, so we can assume some 
sort of Rs. 2,000 crores of incremental EBITDA only from this project? 
Raj Gupta: 
Yes. So, if we put up another 2,000 tonnes capacity, at full capacity utilization level it should be 
giving us the same level of bottom line. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir, onto the Aquapharm, is there any split between the value added and the commoditized 
segments like the phosphonates and the chelates into the segmental basket, how they fit into the 
commoditized and into the value-added side?  
Raj Gupta: 
Aditya, nothing is commoditized. I mean, this entire portfolio is very high level of complex 
chemistry. What we are doing is trying to create more sustainable material. So, that will be 
further moving up the value chain. But that doesn't make the existing portfolio or any part of the 
portfolio commodity. And all the businesses will have to constantly move up the value chain. 
Today what is relevant, what is speciality, tomorrow it might be treated as commodity as supply 
increases or as new technology comes in. The businesses will have to keep moving up the value 
chain and this green chelates and polymers, these are all a step towards that direction.  
Aditya Khetan: 
And sir, the backward integration into the yellow phosphorus, so when is the timeline we are 
planning to complete that?  
Raj Gupta: 
We are not doing backward integration into yellow phosphorus. Yellow phosphorus is a mineral, 
right, so it is mined. What we are doing is we are setting up a processing or filtering plant, right, 
sir?  
Kaushik Roy: 
Right. We are going to source yellow phosphorus; we are trying to tie up with some of the miners 
and they will process and make it usable for Aquapharm. That's the thought process. Basically, 
from rock phosphate to yellow phosphorus through proper process, that is what we are looking 
at. 
Raj Gupta: 
So, part of the process, we will be doing backward integration for, but it remains a mineral ,it is 
mined, so we cannot get into mining. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit from Centrum Broking. Please go ahead, 
Sir. 
Rohit: 
Sir, first question is on the battery chemical side, on the additives front. So, you said that the 
pilot plant will be set up over the next six, seven months. So, in terms of scale up, would there 
be any challenges that we have faced in the initial lab setup from kilograms to a few tons? And 
even when we set up a commercial plant, will there be any challenges that may come up and that 
may probably change the dynamics of the cost and the margins? Thank you.  

 
PCBL Limited 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Raj Gupta: 
Challenges will always be there because producing something at lab scale and at commercial 
level will have different issues. Controlling the chemistry at such larger scale,  that will 
obviously pose some challenges. But having said, at the lab level, when they increase the 
capacity or the reactor size from 2 liters to 20 liter, they got the same result. And therefore, we 
are very confident that we should be able to replicate the result at a much larger scale also.  
 
Also, the scientists who are involved here in this whole process and who will be engaged in this 
whole setting up of plant and also in the initial production process, they are of very high pedigree. 
One of them even got nominated for a Nobel Prize. So, that kind of improves our confidence 
level further. And we have ran some close to 1,200 tests on the material in our own lab in 
Belgium and also in one of the external labs in Germany, and the results were very encouraging. 
So, that gives us confidence that we should be. Challenges will be there, I am not saying that it's 
the same cup of tea producing at small and large scale. 
Rohit: 
Sir, second question is on Aquapharm. So, there are predominantly three segments. What could 
be the breakup of contribution from each of these segments? And an alike question to that, you 
also mentioned that we want to go up the value chain and make more sustainable materials. So, 
beyond these three segments or verticals, are we currently working on anything new which is in 
the pipeline and where it could be a promising new segment for us? Thank you.  
Raj Gupta: 
So, I mean, the products that we are generating or producing under different segments, these are 
interchangeable, and these are being used in more than one industry. So, like the phosphonate-
based products that we are manufacturing, they also have usage in oil and gas, right. So, 
therefore, the margin profile remains more or less similar, I mean, there is not much difference 
at the gross margin level or at, for that matter, at EBITDA level between the different segments 
to which Aquapharm products cater to. Coming to the second part of the question, Mr. Roy will 
answer. 
Kaushik Roy: 
The revenue split is roughly between oil and gas chemical and phosphonate, it is close to 85% 
between the two, and the rest remains between green chelates and polymers. Now, talking about 
going up the value chain. Now, as Raj mentioned a little while back, even phosphonate is also a 
highly engineered product, it is not a very simple product, it is not a commodity, let us accept 
that reality. It is an engineered technical product. But the objective is to move towards green 
sustainable product. So, that is what we are focusing on right now more through the root of 
polymer and green chelates. And there are different grades within this overall vertical of polymer 
as well as green chelates. So, first, immediately for the next couple of years we are looking at 
developing newer products in these two categories, polymer and green chelates. And there is a 
lot of headroom to grow there, because the market share of Aquapharm in these two particular 
segments is in single digit, and we clearly see there's a lot of opportunity to grow across the 
globe. The immediate focus will be that. And thereafter, in parallel, we will keep focusing on 
other opportunities. So, we will come back to you at an appropriate time. 

 
PCBL Limited 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Rohit: 
Sir, just on the Aquapharm front, given that there is the amount of growth in these segments plus 
the margins seem to be higher. I just wanted your perspective on competition maybe from 
outside, particularly from China or any other geographies that may come up in future, given the 
opportunity and probably the margin dynamics of the segment. Thank you. 
Kaushik Roy: 
So, fine, let them come up, what is the worry? We are equally efficient and capable. So, we are 
not too worried about Chinese or any other player. So, Aquapharm globally in phosphonate they 
are number one, number two. And we have enough capability. So, we are not too worried, 
competition may come up, it is fine, absolutely fine. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I conclude this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your line. Thank you. 
