irralicon 
Casting the Future 
November 22, 2024 
To, 
To, 
The Manager 
The Manager 
The Department of Corporate Services 
Th_e Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalai Street, Mumbai -
400 001 
Bandra (East), Mumbai -
400 051 
Scrip Code: 531147 
Scrip Symbol: ALICON 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts Conference Call 
We are enclosing herewith the transcript of conference call with analysts, which took place on 
161h November 2024, after announcement of the unaudited Financial Results for quarter and half year 
ended September 30, 2024. The said transcript is also uploaded on website of the Company. 
I 
We request you to kindly take the above information on your record. 
rha(\ng .Y!lµ 
~ 
Yours faithfully, 
For Alicon Castalloy Ltd 
Alicon Castalloy Ltd. 
D-11 Block, Plot No.58/59, MIDC Chinchwad, Pune - 411 019, 
Maharashtra, INDIA. 
T: +91(0) 20 6731 8200 
www.alicongroup.co.in 
F: +91 (0) 20 2745 9126 
CIN L99999PN1990PLC059487 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 1 of 14  
 
Alicon Castalloy Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 16, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Alicon Castalloy Limited's 
Earnings Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Vaswani from CDR, India. Thank 
you, and over to you, Mr. Vaswani. 
Mayank Vaswani: 
Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on 
Alicon Castalloy Limited's Q2 and H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call.  
We have with us on the call today, Mr. Vimal Gupta – Group CFO; CFO; Mr. 
Shyam Agarwal – Chief Marketing Officer; and Mr. Rajiv Gupta – Head of 
Business Development of Alicon Castalloy Limited.  
Mr. Vimal Gupta will provide an overview of the Operating and Financial 
Performance for the Quarter and half year, following which Mr. Agarwal will 
walk us through the Operating highlights. Mr. Rajiv Gupta will then provide 
insights on Domestic Business and Developments in the Global Markets. 
Thereafter, we shall open the call for the Q&A session.  
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect 
has been included in the earnings documents that have been shared with all of 
you earlier.  
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Vimal Gupta for his opening 
remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Vimal Gupta: 
Good morning, and welcome to our earnings call. We appreciate you taking 
the time to join us on a Saturday. I hope you have had a chance to review the 
earnings document shared earlier.  
So, we are pleased to announce that Alicon has achieved a record-breaking 
quarterly revenue of Rs. 465 crore for Quarter 2, making the 4th consecutive 
quarter in which revenues have surpassed the Rs. 400 crore mark. This growth 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 2 of 14  
has been contributed by segments of Passenger Vehicle and Two-wheelers 
and supported by traction of Non-Auto segment.  
Revenues from both domestic and international market have grown, 
supported by our strategic focus on developing new technology platforms, 
expanding into new regions, and prioritizing value engineering and capability 
enhancement, all complemented by positive trends in our established lines of 
business.  
Our business momentum remains strong, outpacing both global and 
domestic automotive industry growth. We are engaged in advanced 
discussions with a number of high-profile clients, including leading global 
OEMs and tier 1 suppliers, who are drawn to high-quality, competitively priced 
solutions we offer.  
Alicon's differentiation is anchored in our expertise in low-pressure die casting 
and gravity die casting, processes that are gaining wider acceptance among 
our clients. Additionally, we are steadily transitioning from supplying ‘as cast’ 
products to providing ‘fully machined’ components, evolving from a casting 
provider into a solution provider. This shift will increase value addition and 
enhance our overall margin profile.  
Our progress can be tracked through the three key metrics:  
• 
The share of Passenger Vehicle and Commercial Vehicle in our 
product portfolio continues to rise, now accounting to 51% of sales in 
Quarter 2 of FY '25 compared to 49% in Quarter 2 of FY '24.  
• 
Our customer base has evolved significantly, adding prestigious global 
OEMs and Tier 1 companies, reflecting Alicon's growing industry 
stature. We continue to expand our client roster each quarter.  
• 
Our investments in design, R&D and value engineering have positioned 
Alicon as not just a supplier of 'build to print component but as an 
innovative solution provider recognized for technology and design 
excellence.  
Based on strategic initiatives undertaken, Alicon has transformed 
substantially from 2018 to 2024 in the following manner:  
• 
In 2018, we were heavily reliant on Two-wheeler customers. Today, we 
have a well-diversified portfolio including Passenger Vehicle and 
Commercial Vehicle.  
• 
Our customer base, once primarily domestic, now includes major 
global names and leading Indian OEMs that have themselves scaled 
significantly.  
• 
Our product portfolio has expanded beyond Cylinder Heads to include 
a range of critical components.  
• 
This diversification has improved our margin profile from 8% to 9% in 
2018 to around 13% at present with ongoing efforts to enhance it 
further. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 3 of 14  
Turning to our financial performance for Quarter 2 and First Half of FY'24-'25, 
we achieved revenues of Rs. 465 crore representing a 22% increase from Rs. 
382 crore in Quarter 2 of FY '24. This growth was fueled by the scaling up of 
production for new parts, notably for Passenger Vehicle customers. There has 
been a recovery in volumes of two-wheeler too.  
The gross margin for Quarter 2 of FY '25 was 47.55%, down by 253 basis points 
from 50.07% in Quarter 2 of FY '24, reflecting the change in our product mix, 
which saw a bit of moderation in sales of Commercial Vehicle segments offset 
by strong pickup in volumes of two-wheeler segments.  
Employee costs rose by 5% year-on-year, driven by salary increment, higher 
minimum wages, and new hires aligned with our growth. If you compare 
employee cost for Quarter 2 of FY '25 with Quarter 1 of FY '25, you will notice 
that this has declined 5% quarter-on-quarter basis. The reason is that the 
high-cost temporary hires in our European operations have completed their 
tenure and we are back to regular staff levels in Europe.  
The EBITDA for Quarter 2 of FY '25 came in at Rs. 57 crore, up by 21% from Rs. 
47 crore in Quarter 2 FY '24. With a margin of 12.2% compared to 12.3% last 
year, higher volumes of Two-wheeler products and reduction in higher value-
add products for Commercial Vehicles has impacted the sales mix this 
quarter. This moderated the gross margin and in turn has impacted the 
EBITDA margin. We are pleased to share that despite these factors, the 
impact on EBITDA margin is modest 9 basis points.  
On a sequential quarter basis, we have seen that the EBITDA margin 
moderated from 13.2% in quarter 1 to 12.2% in Quarter 2 of FY '25. This is 
again due to the shift in product mix resulting in an impact on the gross margin 
which has flowed through to the EBITDA margin. Compared to quarter 1 of FY 
'25 EBITDA of Rs. 58 crore. The absolute EBITDA of 57 crore in Quarter 2 
signals another strong quarter.  
Finance costs increased by 11% year-on-year to 11 crore driven by higher 
borrowings and 9% sequentially from quarter 1 of FY '25.  
Depreciation rose by 26% to Rs. 23 crore reflecting investment in machine 
and tooling.  
Pre-tax profit, the PBT grew by 20% year-on-year to Rs. 23 crore, up from 19 
crore in Q2 FY '24. The net profit, the PAT for Q2 FY '25 was Rs. 17 crore, a 16% 
increase from 15 crore in Q2 FY '24.  
For H1 Financial Year ‘25, total revenue reached Rs. 905 crore, up 23% from 
Rs. 737 crore in first half of FY '24. Gross margin was 48.8% down from 50.2% 
in H1 FY '24.  
EBITDA for H1 stood at Rs. 115 crore, a 32% increase year-on-year. And the 
profit after tax for H1 of FY '25 was Rs. 36 crore, an increase of 49% year-on-
year basis compared to Rs. 24 crore in H1 of '24.  

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 4 of 14  
Our Quarter 2 capital expenditure totaled approximately Rs. 54 crore and for 
H1, CapEx is around Rs. 100 crore, focusing on Machinery and new product 
development, for FY '25, we anticipate CapEx of around Rs. 150 crore, 
underscoring our growth initiatives.  
Coming to our earlier guidance of Rs. 1,800 crore for FY '25, targeting 15% 
growth. We are seeing signs of softening of demand in India as well as in 
markets such as Europe and USA. We are closely monitoring the situation and 
will update on this in Q3 as we get more clarity on OEM schedule.  
Despite the cautious tone for the immediate future, we remain excited about 
our prospects bolstered by ongoing client discussions. While current 
sentiment around electric Four-wheelers is subdued, we are well-positioned 
in Hybrid technologies with promising engagements with domestic leaders 
like Toyota and Maruti.  
With that, I will now turn the call over to Mr. Shyam Agarwal for the operating 
highlights of the quarter.  
Shyam Agarwal: 
Thank you, Mr. Vimal. Good morning, everyone. 
I am pleased to share that we once again achieved our highest ever quarterly 
revenue in Quarter 2, marking the fourth consecutive quarter with revenues 
surpassing Rs. 400 crore. Alongside a 22% year-on-year revenue growth, we 
also posted a healthy increase in both PBT and PAT. This performance 
underlines our strong momentum as we progress through Financial Year ‘24-
'25 on a solid trajectory.  
This quarter’s performance is more impressive when viewed in the context of 
a decline in the global automotive market. In Q2, global production was lower 
by 4% on Y-o-Y basis. In the same period, the Indian automotive market has 
reported an increase of 9% in overall vehicle sales, driven by the recovery in 
Two-wheeler sales despite a decline in Passenger and Commercial Vehicle 
segments.  
Against the decline in the global market and modest single-digit growth in the 
India market, Alicon achieved a solid 22% increase in sales. This includes 59% 
Y-o-Y growth in the Passenger Vehicle segment, a 19% rise in the Two-wheeler 
sales and 28% growth in sales to the Non-automotive segment.  
Contribution of the CV segment has declined, aligning with the segment's 
overall volume reduction. This quarter saw continued momentum with Maruti 
Suzuki driven by an increased ramp up in Cylinder Head supplies to support 
an additional model and the commencement of deliveries to their Gujarat 
plant. As anticipated, this resulted in higher volumes supplied through Maruti 
Sujuki.  
At the beginning of 2024, we initiated the supply of Cylinder Heads to 
Stellantis India. With a successful ramp up in quarter 1, I am delighted to 
report that this momentum continued into Quarter 2 with a further scale up in 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 5 of 14  
volumes. Consequently, Quarter 2 marked our highest ever supply volume to 
Stellantis, significantly surpassing quarter 1 level.  
Toyota maintained its steady demands for Cylinder Heads for their Four-
wheeler hybrid models. Toyota has planned a new TNGA line capacity 
expansion from January 2025, for which in-house line modification has been 
planned in November. The modification will require shut down for a brief 
period in November, but the line expansion will result in higher volume 
requirements from quarter 4 onwards.  
The strong performance of hybrid models from both Maruti and Toyota 
coupled with scale up of volumes in Stellantis has enabled the growth of 59% 
Y-o-Y in the PV segment.  
In our European operations, the Battery Housing product for hybrid vehicles 
that we are supplying to Samsung, a Tier 1 supplier, is progressing well. This 
product is supplied to three different vehicle models and volume has 
stabilized after ramp up in quarter 1.  
Last quarter we highlighted a development project for Volkswagen 
Autonomous Driving Initiatives. With ADAS technology set for widespread 
adoption across the automotive industry, This venture positions us to tap into 
a high growth market segment. Our success in delivering a precise design and 
specification on the first attempt has earned high praise from Volkswagen. 
The Volkswagen R&D team has recommended us for future power 
development activities.  
We have positioned ourselves to capitalize on the large trends, defining the 
auto industry today. Today, we supply nearly 90 components to the EV 
industry with our European plant providing a strategic advantage in advancing 
tech capabilities. Our expertise in thermal engineering has set us apart 
exemplified by the e-Axle development for Jaguar and Land Rover.  
While electrical vehicles have witnessed early success and generated lot of 
buzz, there are now some concerns over charging availability and range as 
well as battery replacement and resale value. As a result, Hybrid Vehicles 
have now started to catch up in terms of interest generated due to their 
position as a practical bridge between traditional and fully Electrical Vehicles.  
In the first 9 months of the calendar year 2024, Hybrids recorded higher sales 
growth than EVs in key markets like Europe, USA as well as in India, driven by 
consumer preference for their flexibility and compatibility with existing fuel 
infrastructure.  
A global automaker like Toyota has invested significantly into Hybrid 
production, positioning Hybrids as a pivotal growth segment in the automotive 
industry and in India. Marty Suzuki among the leaders to incorporate this 
technology. With a strong portfolio towards this segment, we are well 
positioned to capitalize on this trend also.  

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 6 of 14  
Another element of our growth strategy is to increase the share of customer 
wallet. We are doing this by pursuing more contracts for end-to-end fully 
machine parts. As the proportion of ‘as-cast’ parts reduces in favor of fully 
machine parts, there will be greater element of value addition.  
Our customer value proposition is rooted in technology-driven innovation, 
powered by our state-of-the-art Advanced Technology Center. Equipped with 
high-end machines and driven by a team of 20 researchers, the Center 
spearheads R&D, delivering ground-breaking, cost-effective and eco-friendly 
products and processes.  
Recent additions to our technology capabilities includes: 
• 
The state-of-the-art cold core box manufacturing facility at our 
Shikrapur Plant in Pune, enabling the production of high precision 
components that meet stringent industry requirement and strengthen 
our market position. 
• 
Integration of robotic arms into production processes, enhancing 
precision efficiency and safety while ensuring consistent quality and 
improved output. 
• 
Integrating advanced digital process control across our operation, 
leveraging machine intelligence to enhance precision and efficiency 
on the production floor. These controls provide real-time data and 
actionable insights, enabling smart decision making and aligning our 
processes with global best practices to meet the evolving needs of our 
customers and products.  
• 
We have added AI and IoT into our operations, which has contributed 
to productivity enhancement as well as reduced rejection rate. This 
helps in optimizing manufacturing processes, making them more 
efficient and responsive to real-time data.  
• 
Moving up the value chain, we are now working on highly complex 
HPDC parts with the aim to shift the process architecture into LPDC, 
highlighting our exceptional design and technological prowess. 
Transition from High Pressure to Low Pressure Die Casting, enhancing 
structural integrity, detailed precision and material efficacy, meeting 
diverse customer needs while advancing sustainability goals.  
In fact, we are striving to enhance sustainability through multiple initiatives. 
Transitioning products from HPDC to LPDC reduces power intensity and 
minimizes waste, while our new model plant and automated facility optimize 
resources. Alongside water conservation efforts, we have diversified our 
energy mix. With solar panels at our India and Europe plant now generating 
one-third of our energy from renewable, we aim to increase this to over 50% 
by next year, further enhancing resilience and cost efficiency.  
With that, I will now hand over to Rajiv Gupta for his comments. Thank you. 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Thank you, Mr. Shyam. Greetings to all of you.  
 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 7 of 14  
In Quarter 2, FY '25, Global Auto Industry witnessed 4% Y-o-Y de-growth in 
volumes. Within this,  
• 
There was 1% growth in North America and South America markets,  
• 
De-growth of 25% in Middle East and Africa  
• 
Europe volumes declined 4%, China de-grew by 6%, South Asia down 
by 3%.  
In the contrast, the Indian auto industry reported a healthy performance with 
9% volume growth driven by the Two-wheeler segment. Analysis of the growth 
by segment indicates  
• 
12.5% growth in Two-wheeler segment on a year-on-year basis 
• 
0.7% de-growth in the Passenger Vehicle segment on a year-on-year 
basis,  
• 
13% de-growth in the Commercial Vehicle segment on a year-on-year 
basis.  
Auto volumes would have been better in Quarter 2, but the Shradh period 
negatively affected sales. Despite the weakness towards the end of the 
quarter, Two-wheeler sales posted growth of 12.5% with the momentum 
continuing from earlier quarters.  
Within this, scooters' growth was 16.3% Y-o-Y, while motorcycles grew by 
10.7%. This growth was largely driven by recovery in the rural market and 
increased financing penetration.  
For quarter 3 FY '25, the market outlook remains positive bolstered by ongoing 
rural recovery and expectations of festive season demand along with 
expected off-take from the wedding season sales.  
In the Passenger Vehicle segment, Utility Vehicles continue to witness 
favorable momentum. Further, the segment around EVs is somewhat 
subdued, while demand for Hybrid vehicles remains strong. Having built up 
offerings for Hybrid vehicles, we are well positioned to take advantage of this 
trend.  
In Q2 FY '25, the retail volumes of Commercial Vehicles declined further due 
to the seasonal slowdown around monsoon and is expected to improve 
slightly in Q3.  
Coming to the business wins: 
In Quarter 2, we added 13 new parts from 5 existing customers. This includes 
5 parts from the carbon neutral segment, 7 parts from ICE and 1 part from the 
Structural Business. Of these 13 parts added, 6 parts pertain to the domestic 
business and 7 parts for the international business.  

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 8 of 14  
The 7 parts of the international business cater to requirements of marquee 
global customers like Scania, TACO, JLR, Daimler and Honda cars.  
This includes another order win for a structural part for Jaguar. This is a 
significant win with around Rs. 850 million over a lifetime. We expect the 
balance in our product mix to improve further as all of the new business that 
we have won this quarter is supplying parts for a 4-wheeler, which we aligned 
to a strategy of focusing on a higher value path.  
The global business contributed to 23% of the total revenue during the 
quarter. Further, 94% of our business is from auto and 6% from non-auto 
customers.  
During Quarter 2 FY '25, Alicon booked new orders aggregating Rs. 37 crore. 
The new business added is aligned to a strategy of higher value and as it is all 
towards the 4-wheeler part supplies. With this, our total new order booking 
has surpassed Rs. 9,000 crore, which is executable over a period of 6 years 
from 2023-24 upto 2028-29.  
On this note, we can open the floor for questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Umesh Matkar from Sushil 
Financial Services Limited. Please go ahead.  
Umesh Matkar: 
So, my first question would be the gross margins were down 200 basis points. 
If you can elaborate on whether there was a change in the composition?  
Vimal Gupta: 
So, Umesh, the main reason we have explained that there is a decline in the 
Commercial Vehicle because the change of the sales mix. Because the 
Commercial Vehicle where we are having the higher margins and major 
contribution for our exports, there we have seen some softness. And on the 
other side, there is an increase in the sales of Two-wheelers. So, where the 
gross margins are lower. So, that is the main reason for this some decline in 
gross margins.  
Umesh Matkar: 
And sir, do you expect the composition to change going forward?  
Vimal Gupta: 
Yes, definitely, because you know that Auto industry, some softness is there 
in the export, especially the U.S. market, what we are seeing in the Europe 
market. So, hopefully, maybe next to one or two quarters I think there will be 
some softness. After that, we are seeing a good recovery.  
Umesh Matkar: 
And what would be the impact of U.S. CV and global EV slowdown on us?  
Shyam Agarwal: 
Mr. Umesh, thanks for the question. On the Commercial Vehicles, if you see 
the more impact is in Europe and little bit impact in the USA, if you see for the 
Commercial Vehicle. So, there we are seeing some of the customers or rather 
all the OEMs, they are seeing that the demand is not there.  

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 9 of 14  
 
However, new Euro norms are coming in 2026 and 2027. So, there will be a 
pre-buying because the cost of the vehicle will increase, so there may be 
impact that pre-buying may come in the next year. So, we are hoping, and we 
are keeping a close watch on the ADI release, which comes every month from 
all OEMs.  
 
So, we will keep a track and maybe in the next con call, we will be able to give 
you a much clearer picture because by the time of the next concall, we will be 
having the yearly projections also from the European customers.  
Umesh Matkar: 
And sir, what are the new logos added, or contract signed during the quarter?  
Shyam Agarwal: 
Yes, as Rajiv has explained in the con call, so we have added the new 
businesses from Jaguar and Land Rover, then Scania, then TACO. So, these 
are the new customers from where we have got the new businesses.  
Umesh Matkar: 
And any view on like beyond FY27, if you can give us and also Rs. 2,200 crore, 
what kind of business plan we are shaping up? Any color on the same, if you 
can give us, that would be very helpful.  
Shyam Agarwal: 
Umesh, very good question, actually, but I tell you, we will be in a better shape 
in the next con call, because we will be compiling all our yearly projection for 
the next year and the forthcoming year.  
 
Secondly, you know that lots of global events are happening, like the election 
in the U.S., the softening of the Europe and the U.S. market, then the tension 
in the Middle East. So, global market is very volatile, and we are seeing the 
government spending in India is also down in this financial year. So, we also 
expect that something should come in the budget. So, maybe we will have 
more inputs, more detail for you in the next con call.  
Umesh Matkar: 
Sir, Middle East, there are some issues going on. So, is there any impact that 
we are having on the business, and are we seeing it that reducing it?  
Shyam Agarwal: 
Umesh, I tell you, it is having the impact, no doubt. We can see sometimes the 
freight cost to our Europe and USA customers, that keeps on changing, and as 
well as the lead time for the freight, what we are supplying, that increase or 
decrease. So, it impacts the businesses with respect to exports that we are 
seeing. And also, these things impact the cost of the fuel. The crude rate 
increases with the tension in the Middle East, you know very well.  
 
So, these things are having the impact, and more confidence of the customer 
comes when there is peace globally. So, we see it should improve as victory 
with the Trump, he already said he will work for the peace globally, including 
Russia, Ukraine. So, we are keeping our fingers crossed for a better global 
environment. 
Umesh Matkar: 
Sir, our medium-term goal of attaining 15% EBITDA margin and 20% ROCE is 
on track. Or is there any change in this?  

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 10 of 14  
Vimal Gupta: 
No, we are on track and the target is clear. Only that is due to some little bit 
softening in the market that for short term, there is an impact we are seeing. 
But definitely because as per our order book, the kind of business is we have 
already booked and the kind of margins these businesses are having. So, I 
don't see any impact on that in the coming years. 
Umesh Matkar: 
That's good to hear. Sir, what is the contribution from High Pressure Die 
Casting in H1?  
Vimal Gupta: 
No, we are not in High Pressure. We are doing Low Pressure, Gravity and some 
Sand Casting. 
Umesh Matkar: 
And will new parts starting production in Q3, Q4 offset overall slowdown in EV 
and CV?  
Shyam Agarwal: 
Umesh, as you know in the automotive industry, when we acquire new 
businesses, the implementation period for the new product is 1 year to 1.5 
year. So, it is having the development lead time, then productionization, then 
the PPAP from the customer. So, lots of activities are there. So, if there is an 
immediate drop in the sales, you cannot cover up with the new businesses.  
 
However, we have a new business, you know, bookings are there and there is 
a pipeline with which the SOP of the new products will come. So, it is very 
difficult to say whatever softening is there, it will be covered up because it 
depends in which sector it is coming, whether it is a high volume, high value. 
So, lots of factors are there.  
 
So, generic statement we cannot make, but we understand the intention of 
your question. So, we always work to reduce the impact of the market 
softening with the addition of new products, new customer, new segments. 
So, we will keep on working on that, and we will keep you posted on that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant 
Capital Markets Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Sir, congratulations on continuing to maintain a top line above Rs. 400 crore. 
And sir, my question is on the revenue mix side. Like on the PPT, we have given 
94% in the auto and 6% non-auto. So, if you can explain segment wise?  
Rajiv Gupta: 
So, we have noted in the last quarter, the contribution mix, Passenger Vehicle 
were around 38%. Then Two-wheelers were around 43%. Commercial were 
around 12%, and Non-auto were around 6%. So, we have noted this, there 
was a movement, particularly in Passenger Vehicles when we compared with 
last year Quarter 2, we noticed a growth of 69% in the Passenger Vehicles. 
Even we noted a Two-wheeler increase of 19%.  
 
But as Mr. Shyam explained, we noted, I mean, you all know the downfall of 
market, especially for U.S. and Europe for the Commercial Segment because 
we are mostly into exports when we talk about Commercial. We saw a dip of 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 11 of 14  
around 21% in Commercial, and that would be one of the factors why even our 
gross margins were on the lower side than what we anticipated.  
Jyoti Singh: 
Sir, just wanted to know, like earlier we changed our strategy to diversify more 
on the Passenger Vehicle compared to Two-wheeler, but now because of the 
rural recovery, another factor which is supporting Two-wheeler. So, now what 
is our strategy like CV also not doing very well. So, now what our strategy going 
forward? And how much we are confident to maintain that Rs. 2,200 crore 
target by FY27? 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Jyoti, thanks for this question. So, our strategy is very, very consistent, and we 
are focusing more on the four-wheelers, especially on the Passenger 
Vehicles, Commercial Vehicles and also more focus on the export 
businesses. As mentioned by Mr. Vimal in his speech, we are also focusing 
more on high value addition with shifting from ‘as-cast’ to ‘as-machined’ part. 
So, our endeavor is there.  
 
However, as you mentioned correctly, we have seen in the last quarter, the 
sales in the Commercial Vehicles and the Passenger Vehicles were not good, 
and we have seen the decline. So, to fill up the idle capacity, we increased our 
share of business for the Two-wheelers. So, those options are already 
available with us if we have to fill the idle capacity.  
 
But the long-term strategy will not change with the performance of the market 
in the one quarter. We are very much consistent with our thought process and 
the strategy, which our Group has defined that we have to increase the top 
line, but we have to maintain a very healthy bottom line also. So, our strategy 
will be quite consistent in that.  
Jyoti Singh: 
And sir, on the margin side, what is our target? And how we are targeting on 
the margin side, if you can guide us?  
Vimal Gupta: 
So, margin side, what we are doing that, first of all, definitely there is an 
impact on the change in the sales mix, but continuously one is that we are 
more focusing like what we are talking about. So, we will see further 
improvement in the sales of Passenger Vehicles. We are having a good 
margin. And second is now due to the seeing the global issues, all these 
things, the market pressures, so, in-house this, the cost reduction, those 
activities also started to reduce the cost. So, maybe we will see the impact in 
coming quarters, quarter 3 and quarter 4, how the costs are going down as 
well as maybe some improvement in the gross margins. So, that is the way we 
are working to improve our margins.  
Jyoti Singh: 
Our market share on the Cylinder Head and new part side, if you can explain? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
On the Cylinder Heads, yes, particularly Four Wheeler, there is definitely a 
movement. This was also noted in the results. One is yes, the volumes what 
we are adding up at Maruti with the upcoming launches and also now addition 
to one location that has added to our sales opportunity. Second, also we 
explained on Toyota where even they are going to come up with, they are 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 12 of 14  
talking about capacity expansion. So, there is also an opportunity. Third is the 
Stellantis. There was momentum in last quarter. Volumes are picked up. So, 
that will also add to this bucket.  
 
And now what is happening when we are supplying to these OEMs to domestic 
as well as global, a lot of companies have recognized about the capacity, 
capability of the volume what Alicon can deliver. So, enquiries have increased 
in that area. So, we would like to, going forward, definitely we see an 
opportunity to add further businesses with existing as well as some new 
customers in this domain.  
 
And talking about the new business, yes, basically as we have aligned our 
strategy where we have defined very clearly which segments, which market, 
which customers to tap and we have delivered few of the niche parts in past. 
So, this is now demonstrating our existing and prospective customers. Also, 
what we have done is a lot of parts are of critical nature, a lot of parts are 
critical than the original ICE traditional paths where even we talk about very 
low wall thickness compared to what traditionally people were manufacturing 
in the process of Low-pressure Gravity.  
 
One example I would like to share with you is the Volkswagen Automation 
part. It is a very critical part of 1.2 meter weighing around 18 Kg which 
Volkswagen has given another opportunity to excel how Alicon is. And we have 
delivered this part in the first sample. A very good sample was submitted to 
sample and to their surprise, we have maintained the wall thickness which is 
ideally being achieved within a HPDC process. So, this gave a lot of 
recognition, and they have shared the appreciation mail to us, and now even 
they are talking about adding new other opportunities with the group company 
and other players in this space also.  
 
Also, secondly, we are working aggressively on automation. So, in the last 
quarter, we have added six new robots in existing line because whatever parts 
we are adding, it's critical in nature, bigger in nature and even now we have 
already submitted the samples of such critical parts and in the coming 
quarters, we are working on the SOP of those parts. So, these parts will 
demonstrate that Alicon has come to a certain level of manufacturing when 
you talk about critical parts, and we are quite confident these products, once 
going SOP will give an opportunity to add business with existing and add new 
customers in this space. So, that is how we are working on new business 
going forward.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Agicha from HG Hawa & 
Company. Please go ahead.  
Amit Agicha: 
Actually, I joined the call late, I apologize for that. My question was with 
respect to the CapEx guidance for FY25 and FY26.  
Vimal Gupta: 
So, actually, for FY24-'25 already given Rs. 150 crore, so maybe FY25-26, 
there will be further addition in the capacities for the new businesses. But it 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 13 of 14  
will not be the range of Rs. 150 crore or maybe Rs. 200 crore, but expectation 
is between Rs. 90 crore to Rs. 100 crore.  
Amit Agicha: 
And any revenue guidance with respect to like focus on the international 
market? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Yes, definitely. This will be more towards the critical parts, what we added. 
Like, for example, we explained, we have worked actively on automations, 
adding robots, because whatever parts now we are adding, it's of higher 
weight, like a Jaguar part, which we have developed in the past. The short 
weight of that part is 30 kg, and it's with a high volume. So, we know very well, 
in a conventional way, with manual operation, it's not possible. So, we are 
working actively, and these are very critical parts, and also to add precision 
and increase our manufacturing capabilities on that ground.  
 
So, going forward, investments definitely will come up in such projects, where 
we can offer solutions and more with automation.  
Vimal Gupta: 
So, mainly, what we are seeing that, when we are moving towards the bigger 
parts, more critical parts, so somewhere we have to invest in our new 
equipment to handle those, and more automation. So, for that, we need 
additional capacity.  
Amit Agicha: 
Sir, the guidance for FY25 given was Rs. 1,800 crore, am I right?  
Vimal Gupta: 
Yes.  
Amit Agicha: 
And for FY26?  
Vimal Gupta: 
For FY26, now, that's why we are saying that maybe in the next quarter, we will 
be able to give more clear picture, because we will have more clarity from the 
OEMs, when they will give the full-year volumes, because there is no 
consistency. We are seeing some softening in the market, in the global 
market. So, that's why, at this moment, it looks a little difficult to give 
guidance for that next year.  
Amit Agicha: 
Sir, last question was with respect to the blended interest cost on the 
borrowings that we have.  
Vimal Gupta: 
And for the capacities, we need debt, but if you see on the other side, even 
after having this, the addition of Rs. 100 crore CapEx during the six months, 
still there is no big increase in the interest cost. So, maximum we are 
managing through our Internal accruals. So, definitely we are focusing on this.  
Amit Agicha: 
My question was interest rate. The blended interest rate on the total 
borrowings. 
Vimal Gupta: 
Total is in the range of 9.5% in the range. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Call Transcript 
Page 14 of 14  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as that was the last question for today, I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir.  
Vimal Gupta: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions 
satisfactorily. Should you need any further clarifications or would like to know 
more about the company, please feel free to contact our team or CDR India. 
Thank you once again for taking the time to join us on this call, and we look 
forward to interacting next quarter. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Alicon Castalloy 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. Certain statements made or discussed on this call may be 
forward looking in nature and must be viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that the company faces. The company 
does not undertake to update these forward-looking statements publicly. Please also note that this document has been edited without 
changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information was 
shared/discussed on the call. 
