CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Ref. No.: CFCL/SE/2024-25/112 
November 13, 2024 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
25t Floor, Dalal Street 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai 
- 400 001 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 
- 400 051 
Dear Sir, 
In continuation 
to our letter dated October 30, 2024 and pursuant to Regulation 30 
of the Securities and 
Exchange 
Board 
of 
India 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) 
Regulations, 
2015, 
we 
are 
enclosing herewith the transcript of Analysts 
/ Investors conference call held on November 07, 2024, on the 
financial results of the Company for the quarter and six months ended September 30, 2024. The said transcript 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company's 
website 
at 
- 
http://investor.chambalfertilisers.com/EarningCall 
Transcripts.aspx 
You are requested to notify your constituents accordingly. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals Limited 
(Tridib Barat) 
Vice President - Legal & Company Secretary 
Encl.: ala 
Corporate One, First Floor, 5, Commercial Centre, Jasola, New Delhi 
- 110 025 « Tel.: 91-11-46581300, 41697900 « Fax: 91-11-40638679 
Email 
: corporate@chambal.in 
* www.chambalfertilisers.com 
« CIN: L24124RJ1985PLC003293 
Regd. Office 
: Gadepan, District Kota, Rajasthan -325 208 
Tel No.: 91-744-2782915 
; Fax No 
: 91-7455-274130 
TRIDIB 
KUMAR 
BARAT
Digitally signed 
by TRIDIB 
KUMAR BARAT 
Date: 2024.11.13 
12:26:54 +05'30'

CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY 2025 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 07, 2024 
Rishab Barar: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Good day everyone, and thank you for joining us on the Chambal Fertilisers and 
Chemicals Limited Q2 and H1 FY '25 Earnings Call. 
We have with us today, Mr. Abhay Baijal — Managing Director; Mr. Anand Agarwal — 
CFO; Mr. Anuj Jain — Assistant Vice President (Finance); Mr. Tridib Barat — Vice 
President Legal and Company Secretary; and Mr. Ashish Srivastava, Vice President 
Sales and Marketing. 
Before we get started, 
| would 
like 
to point out that some statements made 
or 
discussed in the conference call today may be forward-looking in nature and must be 
viewed 
in conjunction with the risks the Company faces. Chambal Fertilisers and 
Chemicals Limited does not undertake to update them. The statement in this regard 
is available for reference in the Presentation. 
We will begin this call with opening remarks from Mr. Baijal. 
| would now like to invite 
Mr. Baijal to share his views. Over to you, Sir. 
Thank you 
Rishab. Good Day to everybody and 
a warm welcome to 
all 
of you 
participating in this call. 
During the quarter, on a standalone basis, the Company has achieved an EBITDA of 
Rs. 834 crore, as against Rs. 697 crore last year which is a growth of about 20% Y- 
o-Y. 
Profit after tax was Rs. 500 crore, as against Rs. 372 crore last year, which is a 
growth of 34% Y-o-Y. 
For the half year, the Company achieved EBITDA of Rs. 1,776 crore as against Rs. 
1,475 crore last year, which is a growth of about 20% Y-o-Y and PAT of Rs. 1,053 
crore as against Rs. 842 crore last year, showing a growth of 25% Y-o-Y. 
At consolidated levels also the Company has performed well during the quarter, 
registering PAT of Rs. 536 crore as against Rs. 381 crore last year, which is a growth 
of 41%. For the half year, there was PAT of Rs. 985 crore as against Rs. 720 crore 
last year, which is showing a growth of 37% Y-o-Y. 
All our urea manufacturing units operated at optimal capacity. Production stood at 
9.34 lakh metric tons against 9.08 lakh metric tons last year Y-o-Y. Urea sale was 
9.65 lakh metric tons against 8.38 lakh metric tons Y-o-Y. Subsidy receipts too, 
continued to be timely, we received Rs. 4,713 crore in subsidy in quarter two FY '25. 
We have great pleasure to inform you that the quarter earnings growth was also led 
by volume and margin growth in the CPC & SN segment. During the quarter, CPC & 
SN revenues stood at Rs. 289 crore as against Rs. 245 crore last year, showing a 
growth of 18% Y-o-Y, with contribution of Rs. 83 crore against Rs. 61 crore last year, 
showing a growth of 36% Y-o-Y. For the half year, the revenue was Rs. 632 crore as 
IUTPUIR 
~ SO ——

against Rs. 542 crore last year, showing a growth of 17% Y-o-Y, with a contribution 
of Rs. 164 crore as against Rs. 119 crore last year, showing a growth of 38% Y-o-Y. 
During the quarter, two new CPC products were introduced, primarily comprising of 
fungicides. We have added to our specialty nutrients portfolio with the introduction of 
the nano bio-phosphorus ‘Uttam Pranaam’. We have sold till September 2024, about 
2 lakh bottles, and 
in the last quarter 1.2 lakh bottles. Some of the products are 
Generation 1x, that is products which are of the latest chemistries, 
in collaboration 
with our esteemed partners. The performance in the quarter is notable, despite late 
and/or unseasonal rains and sowing deficit in some crops such as cotton. 
Our strategy continues to focus on creating partnerships and alliances for introducing 
better chemistries and increasing the width of our offerings in our channels. Today, 
we have 
a CPC product portfolio 
of almost 62 products 
of distinct chemistries, 
covering fungicides, weedicides and insecticides. Geographic diversification has also 
been a part of this strategy and has been successfully executed. 
Biologicals are increasingly gaining importance 
in the crop protection space. A 
biological nematocyte will be introduced shortly to address the farmer's pain point for 
nematodes control, for which internal field tests have been successful. The other 
product 
lines 
and 
biologicals 
will 
gain 
importance 
as 
green 
and 
sustainable 
technologies become increasingly important. We intend to be broad spectrum in this 
field from Actives, Stimulants to Crop Protection Chemicals. 
Alliances 
in this field are also being worked upon, including sponsoring research 
activities. 
Increasing emphasis on water-soluble fertilizers is also a part of this strategy. Water- 
soluble fertilizers are currently low penetration fertilizers, but we feel that with the 
growth 
of precision farming 
via polyhouses, 
drip irrigation, 
and 
increasing 
crop 
diversification from cereals, 
oil seeds and cash crops into the fruit and vegetable 
segment, this is poised to grow faster and create a pathway for quicker growth. 
In short, CFCL is now focusing increasingly on sustainable technologies which bring 
benefits in terms of improving farm yields, improve soil health and provide better 
product outcomes. They are also value for money and moreover, these products are 
also the fruit of high-quality research. 
Our new focus area in the coming quarters will be to enter the hybrid and research 
variety seeds, which will substantially complete agri-input product profile. We expect 
to start sales and marketing of these products from Kharif '25 onwards. This growth 
shall be followed with increased vigor. 
In P&K fertilizers, the volumes were low due to availability constraints and we continue 
to follow the portfolio approach. Our farmer connect Seed-to-Harvest program is now 
gaining 
momentum. 
We 
are 
also 
placing 
a 
great 
amount 
of 
emphasis 
on 
communications and reaching out to all our stakeholders and partners. Through social 
media we have now extended our reach to 30,000 people. Besides, our Hello Uttam 
experts at four locations received more than 10,000 calls and queries from field asking 
for dosage of the products, weed control, insect pest management in Kharif crops. 
As part of the Seed-to-Harvest program, a key focus area for Chambal, we undertook 
more than 3,800 farmer meetings, conducting over 3,000 demos and 4 soil sample 
days to collect over 2,000 soil samples. We have now tested a total of 58,000 soils 
for macro and micro-nutrients. 
Our technical ammonium 
nitrate 
project 
is 
progressing 
as 
per 
plan. 
Statutory 
approvals are in place and we have spent around Rs. 388 crore till September end 
2024. The overall progress achieved is about 37% and things are on track. Our 
joint 
venture, IMACID, is also performing well with higher production and better margins. 
And we continue to look forward to create more and more value for our shareholders. 
CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Page 2 of 8 @

Moderator: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Prashant Biyani: 
With that, we are now happy to take your questions. Thank you. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will 
take our first question from the line of Prashant Biyani from Elara Capital (India) Pvt. 
Ltd. Please go ahead. 
How much 
is the additional EBITDA contribution from the 3% energy efficiency 
improvement? 
| would say that it is in healthy double figure. 
Can you quantify the number? 
When 
| say healthy double figure, it is about Rs. 35 crore to Rs. 40 crore. 
And by when is the next leg of the energy efficiency initiative going to be implemented 
for urea plant? 
Prashant, we have a roadmap stretching out to 2028, and there are various projects 
which are under consideration, some have been awarded to consultants for doing the 
necessary engineering work. We shall be awaiting their replies. Then there is a cycle 
of ordering the equipment, and then putting them in place during the turnaround. So, 
this will stretch up to 2028, we have a plan going forward. 
See, what 
| want to show you is that energy efficiency remains a very key focus for 
the Company; number one. And number two, we are looking 
at good efficiency 
projects going forward. And we have a plan in place, there will be at least three to four 
such plans that we will implement, which have been generated in-house, and they 
have to be vetted by the various engineering consultants. 
How much was the additional subsidy on DAP pertaining to Q1 for sales? 
| think the government had announced a number of Rs. 3,500/MT, we have accounted 
a little less than that. 
And your subsidy outstanding has reduced dramatically in the last few quarters and 
especially in Q2FY25 as well. Sir, does it also include subsidy pending on fertiliser 
sold, but are yet to achieve POS sales? 
We are accounting it in the books at the first point of sale, 
it becomes a 
book debt. 
So, 
it 
will 
include 
both, 
what 
is 
billed 
to the government and 
unbilled 
to the 
govemment. 
In that case, is it that your fertiliser sales at retail level happen within the first 70-75 
days of the quarter itself? And which is why you get subsidy before the quarter closes; 
is that the case? 
No, 
it is not like that. The sales of fertiliser is a continuous process. Now it could be 
in higher intensity or lower intensity as time goes on. So, the first 75 days and all that, 
| think is an artificial distinction. There are some territories where it will be a little late, 
for instance, 
it may be due to climatic conditions, 
it may be due to sowing conditions. 
So, those things keep happening and we are fortunate today that the government has 
got a substantial amount in terms of its budget to pay to the Company. And 
if you 
efficiently raise your bills, they are getting paid on time. 
Right. Sir good efforts on that part for reducing the subsidy outstanding. Coming to 
the domestic crop protection business, while the industry has seen subdued growth 
due 
to 
missing 
of sprays because 
of continuous 
rains, 
we have managed 
to 
outperform industry growth. How have we been able to do that, some color on that. 
And how is the liquidation also happening 
in your crop protection business, some 
highlight on that as well. 
CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Page 
3 0f 8 @

Abhay Baijal: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Moderator: 
So, my understanding from my sales team is that between 60% to 65% sale is on 
cash, so that is instant liquidation. As far as how we have done better and why we 
have done better, well, it's a little involved subject. 
| would like to put it across to you 
when 
| made the point that we have about 61 
products 
in the three segments, 
weedicide, fungicide, 
and 
insecticides. And we have always tried 
to marry the 
requirement of the farmers to what is their emergent and current requirements. And 
to that extent, we have a very strong and solid planning process, a sourcing process, 
a validation process for the value for money. And 
| think that's the reason why we 
have a range of options for the farmers instead of being stuck in one or two verticals. 
So, that makes the difference, that 
is one. Secondly, 
our strong 
alliances and 
relationships that we are building up, some of them are Gen 1X and they are patented 
combination stuff which is now coming up. So, 
| think those are creating the value 
drivers for our business. 
Sir, one question on TAN. We are also setting up a 2,10,000 MT nitric acid plant. How 
much of nitric acid will be used in TAN? 
| do not think we are setting up 210,000 MT plant, we have not announced that. We 
are setting 
up 
a 240,000 MT Technical Ammonium 
Nitrate 
plant, 
of which the 
precursor chemical is WNA, which is Weak Nitric Acid. 
| think you are referring to that 
part. Weak Nitric Acid can be sold as weak nitric acid. Weak nitric acid can be forward 
converted into technical ammonium nitrate also. So, at the moment, the plan 
is to 
convert that nitric acid into technical ammonium nitrate. 
But there is no separate TAN plant? 
No, no. There are two plants within the TAN plant. One is the weak nitric acid plant, 
which is then used alongwith further ammonia to convert it into technical ammonium 
nitrate. 
It is a two-step process, so there are two plants in one. 
And what is the update on CAPEX plans for IMACID? 
My understanding 
is that the Board 
has approved 
2,00,000 tons expansion 
of 
Phosphoric Acid capacity. 
And this should come on stream by when? 
My understanding is that engineering work has been awarded and normally this kind 
of project takes about two and a half to three years to come to fruition. Subject to their 
achieving zero date, and 
in this case 
of course there 
is no problem 
in terms 
of 
finances, it is only a question of how quickly the technical parameters and other things 
are decided and closed. 
Lastly sir, how much is the gas price for the quarter? 
| think for this quarter, people have been contracting DAP between $620/MT to 
$645/MT. 
Okay. In terms of dollar per MMBTU? 
Did you say gas or DAP? 
Gas. 
Okay, gas has been around, 
| think it was $16.7 to $17. 
Thank you. 
Next question 
is from 
the 
line 
of 
Falguni 
Dutta 
from Mansarovar 
Financials. Please go ahead. 
CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Page 4 of 8 @

Falguni Dutta: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Moderator: 
Ashok Jain: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Ashok Jain: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Ashok Jain: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Ashok Jain: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Ashok Jain: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Ashok Jain: 
Good afternoon. Very good numbers. 
| just had one question. What led 
to the 
significant increase 
in own manufactured 
fertiliser profits other than this energy 
efficiency which you mentioned about Rs. 40-odd crore? 
We have sold almost 1 lakh tons more of Urea. 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Ashok Jain, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
First 
of 
all, 
congratulations for wonderful 
results. 
Now, 
| 
would 
like 
to 
ask 
on 
operations and then balance sheet items, and then, 
| mean, future projections. The 
first question is that, if 
| see this complex fertiliser, revenue has come down drastically, 
it has come down to Rs. 261 crore as against the June quarter of Rs. 1,111 crore or 
Rs. 1,972 crore in previous year September quarter. But if 
| see that as far as segment 
liabilities are concerned, that has gone to Rs. 772 crore, as against the Rs. 567 crore 
in the June quarter. So, 
it looks something unusual. First of all, why this revenue has 
come down? And second, how the liabilities have gone up? 
First of all, 
| think, if you refer to my opening remarks, 
| said that there were availability 
issues, therefore the sales were restricted. Therefore, the revenue came down, we 
sold 
all our stock and whatever we had purchased. Number two, we have also 
contracted some amount of fertilisers at six months credit terms which is showing in 
payables. 
So, how it has gone to Rs. 770 crore, 
| mean, this is Rs. 205 crore increase in last 
one quarter, whereas the sale is not there. So, does 
it mean that we have added 
inventory.... 
Some stock has been carried forward, and that stock will be sold in this quarter as 
well as the next quarter. 
Yes, because the overall stock level is at a static level, so that means we are adding 
inventory by some of this complex fertiliser, 
| think that we will be able to sell it in due 
time. 
Yes, we will be able to sell it, not a problem. 
Yes. And now, coming to crop protection chemicals, here 
| see that the revenue has 
come down from June 24 quarter from Rs. 342 crore to Rs. 289 crore. So, no doubt, 
profitability is good. 
| just want to know why revenue has come down this quarter? 
And this is the area where 
| think we should give more focus, obviously, you must be 
doing it. 
Mr. 
Jain, the point 
is, 
| made 
a mention 
of the fact that there were 
late rains, 
unseasonal rains. The fact is that some of our territories had a problem in terms of 
absorbing these chemicals, in terms of the sales. So, this will be made up as we go 
forward. 
This is a good profitability business so, obviously, you are giving focus to 
it. So, do 
you see a good chance of good growth in this? 
| would say that 
if you look at half year to half year, that would be a more correct 
analysis of the matter. And 
| see the numbers that you have said, 
it should not be 
seen Q-0-Q, but you should see Kharif to Kharif and Rabi to Rabi. And typically, one 
should see half year to half year. And from half year to half year if you see, it was from 
Rs. 540 crore to Rs. 632 crore, which is almost 17% growth Y-o-Y. And the profits are 
from Rs. 119 crore to Rs. 164 crore. 
Yes, that's good. Yes. Coming to this joint venture which we are having with Indo 
Maroc, that one. So, here our profitability has gone up, it's quite good. So, do you feel 
that the same growth can continue there? 
CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Page 50of 8 @

Abhay Baijal: 
Ashok Jain: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Ashok Jain: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Ashok Jain: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Ashok Jain: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Ashok Jain: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Ashok Jain: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Ashok Jain: 
Abhay Baijal: 
See, the Company has a production capacity running to about 40,000 tons per month. 
And so, the two things that profitability depends upon are the contribution levels and 
the sales that are achieved. 
| think they should be able to continue this performance. 
Now, coming to the balance sheet item, here if you see on Page Number 5, trade 
payables, you will find that the total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro 
enterprises and small enterprises, 
it has shot up to Rs. 2,012 crore. And secondly, 
the other financial liabilities have also gone up to Rs. 690 crore as against Rs. 406 
crore and Rs. 761 crore. So, huge liability has gone up. So, 
| am unable 
to understand 
why it is like this? 
| can tell you in very short term, this is the money that we owe to the government. 
Because there 
is 
a process called escalation 
and de-escalation. Fortunately 
or 
unfortunately, we were receiving a little bit more subsidy from the government than 
was eligible, to that extent this is payable. Over a period of time, maybe in the next 
month, two months, three months, we will be paying that off. So, this will normalize. 
And now coming to the investment part, obviously, 
it has gone up to Rs. 2,783 crore. 
So, if 
| see revenue coming out of it, that obviously seems quite low. First of all, 
| could 
not make out where it has been shown in the P&L, but still 
| feel 
if it is part of other 
income, then it is low. 
| mean, this is what 
| feel. 
Mr. Jain, 
it 
is like this, that the part which we owe to the government 
is actually 
converted into cash and placed as mutual fund investments. To that extent, there will 
be interest income on that. That will be part of other income. 
If 
| see the annual report of last year March, here it says that MTPA of TAN plant is 
240,000 per annum and 210,000 MTPA of WNA plant. So, my question is how much 
do you feel that approximately cost of it and how much we have already spent? And 
when do you think it can be completed? 
Okay. So, you want to know what the project cost is. 
| think the Board-approved 
project cost is about Rs. 1,600 crore. 
It's Rs. 1,600 crore for both the plants, am 
| right? 
Yes. And we have spent about Rs. 400 crore till now 
And when do you feel that this will be completed? 
We will be completing 
it by October '25. 
But this Rs. 400 crore is not showing in capital work in progress because capital work 
in progress is around Rs. 200 crore or so. So, but you feel that by October 25, 
it can 
be completed? 
Yes, not a problem. See, what is happening is that these are milestone payments, 
this is an EPC contract to Larsen & Toubro. They draw on the basis of whatever work 
they have done. And that is as per the milestone payments, and 
it is according to 
schedule. The major payment will start happening once the equipment is shipped. At 
the moment, 
it 
is 
on account of 
advances given for the major equipment, 
and 
construction activities. 
So, that means we can expect balance on the new equipment after one year, we can 
expect that? 
No. Mr. Jain, the payment is no indicator of progress, because the equipment orders 
are already placed. So, as per milestone payments, the payment to the vendor will be 
made, they will draw the payment from us. So, when the equipment arrives, majority 
of the payment will happen. So, suddenly we will see an increase in capital work in 
progress. 
CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Page 6 of 8 @

Ashok Jain: 
Moderator: 
Harmish Desai: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Harmish Desai: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Harmish Desai: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Harmish Desai: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Harmish Desai: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Harmish Desai: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Anand Agarwal: 
Harmish Desai: 
So overall, 
| can say that the Company has done extremely well. And we are very 
happy. And 
| would like to remain in touch. Thank you very much. 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Harmish Desai from Phillip 
Capital (India) Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
First question on the TAN plant, you have given the update in the presentation that 
the amount spent up till September, can you give an update of what is expected 
amount to be spentin FY 25 on the TAN project, by the end of FY '25? 
Cumulatively, about Rs. 600 crore. 
Coming to the crop production segment that you guys have been reporting, the 
performance has been consistently good in the first half. Can you, in brief, give an 
update of what could this be attributed to? 
So, we are actually 
a Company which 
is creating value 
in the product through 
matching the expectations of the farmers, timely placement, good communication in 
terms of usage, and giving quality to the farmer, that is one part. Secondly, we have 
a range of products, 
| think 
| mentioned in my opening remarks, we have 62 products 
across 
all the three categories. So, there is a range of crops, there 
is a range of 
insecticides or insects or the weed or the fungus which needs to be addressed. So, 
all of that goes through a process of testing 
in our fields, understanding the value 
proposition, placing the value proposition properly to the farmer, and then convincing 
him to buy our products 
in comparison to others. Plus, our price points are very 
reasonable. We always want to be value for money, and that approach has helped 
us, that's why the growth is there. 
Some 
of your peers have reported some amount of product returns because 
of 
inconsistent monsoon season in the second quarter, did we face anything like that? 
No. 
And sir, we have been consistentin terms of our product placement, that is the reason 
why we did not face such problems? 
No, 
| think, first of all, we assess the market, more accurately. We understand what 
the farmer is needing. We do not pump-up the channel just because we want to 
achieve these numbers. And as 
| said, the range of products that we have creates 
that flexibility with 
us. We have 
a continuous discussion with our supply chain, 
backward and forward. We take only that quantity which we want to do. So, those are 
the things, the management of the whole process of serving and providing product to 
the farmer. That is the most important issue. 
And any update on IMACID performance, the performance in the first half has been 
really good. So, do you expect this to continue in the second half? 
The Company is on an even keel. We are producing about 40,000 tons per month. 
And given the situation and contribution which 
it is in, 
| do not see any negatives 
coming up in terms of repeating the performance. 
Got it. So, can you give us the volume of Gadepan-I and 
Il and Gadepan 
Ill for the 
quarter? 
| would ask Mr. Anand Agarwal to give you the numbers. 
For G-1 and G-Il, our numbers have been 5.71 Lakh MT compared to 5.51 Lakh MT 
last year and G-lll, 3.62 Lakh MT compared to 3.57 Lakh MT in the last year. 
Are there any plant shutdowns to be taken this year? 
CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Page 7 of 8 @

Abhay Baijal: 
Moderator: 
Falguni Dutta: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Falguni Dutta: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Falguni Dutta: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Moderator: 
Abhay Baijal: 
Moderator: 
Please note: 
Yes, Gadepan Il plant will be taken for turnaround in the month of March 2025. 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line 
of Falguni 
Dutta from 
Mansarovar Financials. Please go ahead. 
| had one more question on nano DAP. So, what was the value of the sales for that 
inH1? 
We have sold about 2 lakh bottles. And that is not nano DAP, that is bio-phosphorus. 
Please understand that it is not derived from a chemical process, it is derived from a 
biological process. That makes it a unique product. 
And this is a part of which of our segment? 
This is part of our speciality nutrients segment in the CPC-SN segment overall. 
And obviously this is outside subsidy, right? 
Yes, itis. 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, 
| now hand over the conference to the 
management team for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
So, thank you very much for a brief and sharp exchange of views, 
| would say. Thank 
you very much for listening to us and we hope to continue to create value to you going 
forward. Thank you so much. 
Thank you, 
sir. 
On 
behalf 
of Chambal 
Fertilisers 
and Chemicals Limited, 
that 
concludes the conference call. Thank you for joining us. 
Wherever appropriate, we have edited the text to incorporate grammatical corrections 
therein, for clarity. 
CHAMBAL FERTILISERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Page 
8 of 8 @
