Regd. Office
Regent Chambers, 7th Floor
Jamnalal Bajaj Marg
208 Nariman Point
Mumbai 400 021
Pidilite Industries Limited
Corporate Office
Ramkrishna Mandir Road
Andheri - E, Mumbai 400059, India
T + 91 22 2835 7000
2835 7952 / 2835 7365
F +91 22 2830 4482
www.pidilite.com
ClN:L24100MH1969PLC014336
30th October, 2024 
The Secretary  
The Secretary 
BSE Ltd. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Corporate Relationship Dept.,  
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
14th floor, P. J. Tower, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Dalal Street, Fort 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Stock Code – 500331 
Stock Code - PIDILITIND 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call
--------------------------------------------------- 
Dear Sir, 
We enclose herewith, a transcript of the Earnings Call held with Analyst/Investors on                  
24th October, 2024. 
A recording of the transcript is available on the website of the Company viz. 
www.pidilite.com.  
Kindly take the same on records. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Pidilite Industries Limited  
Manisha Shetty 
Company Secretary 
Encl: as above 
MANISHA 
RAKESH 
SHETTY
Digitally signed 
by MANISHA 
RAKESH SHETTY 
Date: 2024.10.30 
18:53:25 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
“Pidilite Industries Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 24, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BHARAT PURI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – PIDILITE 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. SUDHANSHU VATS –MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
DESIGNATE – PIDILITE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. KAVINDER SINGH – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
DESIGNATE – PIDILITE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. SANDEEP BATRA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
FINANCE AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – PIDILITE 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. DHARMENDRA LODHA – SENIOR VICE 
PRESIDENT, FINANCE – PIDILITE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PERCY PANTHAKI – IIFL SECURITIES LIMITED 
 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
October 24, 2024  
Page 2 of 21 
 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Pidilite Industries Limited Q2 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by IIFL Securities Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then zero on your 
touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Percy Panthaki from IIFL Securities Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi. Good evening, everyone. It is our pleasure to host the conference call for Pidilite's 
Q2 FY '25 results. I have on the line with me, Mr. Bharat Puri, Managing Director; Mr. 
Sudhanshu Vats, Managing Director Designate; Mr. Kavinder Singh, Joint Managing 
Director, Designate; Mr. Sandeep Batra, Executive Director, Finance and CFO; and 
Mr. Dharmendra Lodha, Senior Vice President, Finance. 
 
I'll hand over the call to the management who will take you through the results, and 
then we will open up for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Sandeep Batra: 
Thank you, Percy, and good evening, everyone. I'll keep my opening remarks brief and 
short. And I'll take you through the highlights of the Q2 and half year results, which 
was approved by our Board yesterday. The current quarter's revenue was INR 2,965 
crores, 7% higher than same period last year with an underlying volume growth of 8%. 
As you would observe, the gap between UVG and revenue growth has narrowed. 
 
Demand for Consumer and Bazaar products was impacted by rains in the beginning of 
the quarter. Consumer and Bazaar UVG was 6% with rural markets continuing to 
outpace urban growth. The B2B businesses continued the growth momentum with a 
UVG of 21%, driven by industrial and project verticals. Input prices remained benign, 
resulting in a gross margin expansion by 280 basis points over the same period last 
year. 
 
VAM consumption in the second quarter was around $980 a ton compared to $1,000 
in the same period last year. EBITDA margins for the standalone business were at 
24.6%, expanded by 143 bps over the same period last year. 
 
For the first half of the current year, standalone revenues were INR 6,099 crores, and 
underlying volume growth of 9%, which was broad based across both Consumer and 
Bazaar with a UVG of 7% and B2B with a UVG of 19%. Gross margin in the first half 
also expanded by 380 basis points over same period last year and H1 EBITDA came 
in at 24.6% versus 23% last year. Resultant PAT growth for the half year was 19%. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
October 24, 2024  
Page 3 of 21 
 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
 
Our working capital situation remained healthy, resulting in strong cash inflows, and 
we continue to invest in upgrading and building new facilities and our distribution 
network. A quick commentary on the consolidated results. Consolidated revenue for 
the quarter at INR 3,223 crores was higher than same period by 7% after adjusting the 
revenues from Pidilite USA and Brazil subsidiary. Adjusting for that, the growth was 
around 5%. 
 
Consolidated profit after tax grew by 18% over the quarter last year. And for the half 
year, PAT is up 19%. Despite challenging economic conditions across the first half, 
first quarter disrupted by elections and the second quarter because of extensive rains, 
we have delivered robust underlying volume growth as well as improved profitability. 
 
With that, that is all that I have by way of opening remarks, I open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our first question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from 
Nuvama. Please go ahead.  
Abneesh Roy: 
So, my first question is on the demand side. So, we have seen FMCG companies this 
quarter call out urban slowdown. In your case, also, Q1, there was an impact of 
elections and heatwave, and it was 8% volume growth in C&B. This quarter, the 
volume growth is 6%. I wanted to understand how much of the impact of the rains in 
your portfolio in paints. It's a bit easy to understand because exterior paint, there's a 
clear impact. 
 
In your case, given the industries are quite diversified, and you have got different kind 
of products also. So, if you could tell us in the non-rain impacted portfolio, is the 
demand still more like double digits? And next 2 quarters, your base is on the double-
digit side. So, it is on the higher side. So, do you expect that the double-digit kind of 
volume growth in C&B could come back? 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
First of all, to you and to everyone on the call, Happy Diwali in advance and a very 
happy festive season. I think, a very good question. And I think you've been hearing 
this on demand side from multiple people. 
 
I think, first and foremost, Abneesh, Bharat and I, we always keep reminding everyone. 
So, I just want to first remind, when you call volume growth, we are first talking here 
underlying volume growth. 
 
If I were to give you the volume growth of our C&B business, which is total volume 
growth, that is still double digit. So, I think that's very clear. And basically, our overall 
is plus 15-odd kind of percent number, in terms of total volume growth. But if you 
look at underlying volume growth, which as all of you on the call understand is 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
October 24, 2024  
Page 4 of 21 
 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
turnover growth at constant price, which takes into account both volume and mix and 
therefore, gives you the quality of growth. 
 
To your very specific question, Abneesh, I think, see, in our case, we have got a wide 
portfolio, so it's a bit of a mixed bag. So, I think there are certain areas which don't get 
impacted. You are absolutely right. And therefore, there are certain segments which 
have therefore delivered robust growth because if there is some work happening which 
is indoor and has no implication, there'll be nothing. 
 
But at the same time, much like paints, for us also in waterproofing in construction 
chemicals, it's unlikely that you will be doing waterproofing when it's raining cats and 
dogs. And as you know that in this quarter, there were certain states which were very 
adversely affected with monsoon. Gujarat is one of them, as I can tell you. So, I think 
we have also seen this state-wise pattern as we go forward. But what I'm very happy 
to report for us at Pidilite, if you see a healthier overall underlying volume growth and 
volume growth for us, I think I attribute it to the quality of our portfolio because we 
built that portfolio and also to the entire approach to execution by core, growth and 
pioneer. So, I think we do have growth in pioneering categories where irrespective of 
the overall demand scenario, I think depending on how we deliver on our execution, 
we tend to deliver a bit better than the others. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. That's useful. One follow-up question on the urban demand. So Sudhanshu, you 
are a veteran of FMCG, having worked in marquee companies. So would you say that 
the urban slowdown in general, which I think a lot of categories are facing not just in 
FMCG. If you see even in cars, 4-wheelers, there is a significant slowdown versus, 
say, 1 quarter, 2 quarter back. What will be your thoughts on this? 
 
Why I'm asking this is until now last 3-4 years, real estate homes have done really well, 
new homes. And you do have an indexation towards that. So that does slow down at 
some stage, still robust. But if that does slow down, that obviously will have 
ramifications. So, any initial thoughts on the slowdown related largely to the food 
inflation. If food inflation cools off, say, in the next few months, would you expect this 
slowdown in the border consumption to reverse? 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
Abneesh, let me answer the question in 3 parts. Let me first pick up the very specific 
food inflation part. And here, I am talking more for FMCG. And as you know, Bharat 
and I are also on the FMCG committee, and I have had that experience. So, I'm here 
talking on behalf of others, not necessarily our business. I think there is direct linkage 
on food inflation. So therefore, as you rightly pointed out, if that eases, there will be 
advantage to the companies that operate in that area. That's the first part. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
October 24, 2024  
Page 5 of 21 
 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
 
The second part of your question on urban demand. I think so our own understanding 
is, I'll put it in this form, that is the demand buoyant. Is there a considerable buoyancy? 
The answer to that is no. It is not rarely buoyant. But is the urban demand like some of 
the people have given the commentary, as adverse as has been set out, I think we would 
like to reserve our judgment on that for another 3 to 6 months. 
 
We want to see the outcome of the monsoon, which has, by and large, been good. So, 
I think we will and perhaps with the point which you made on even food inflation, if it 
eases a bit because of Agri output on the monsoon and all that. So, our own prognosis 
on urban demand is that we will hold our judgment for another 3 to 6 months. 
 
On the third part, Abneesh, I just want to remind you, while we get impacted and we 
are always happy and buoyed by a new construction, the ratio of in-home improvement 
of renovation to new construction in roughly 80%-20% kind of a ratio between these 
two. So therefore, new construction is good news. 
 
But first of all, new construction comes to us with a lag, as you may have heard from 
Bharat many times over. And secondly, that component of new construction to our 
demand is lower than what it is for renovation. So, I think we don't see a direct impact 
of that immediately. But to sum it up, I think wait and watch for another 3 to 6 months 
and then take a final call on it. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. Second and last question. So Pidilite historically has been very, very proactive 
in terms of targeting new demand drivers well ahead of any peer. Now this plan for 
targeting, say, EVs and the phone manufacturing. Any further update if you can share? 
And I'm not asking on next quarter or, say, Q4 or maybe even FY '26. But in terms of 
optimism and long-term revenue, which you can target on an annual basis, say, in the 
next few years, any clarity you've got on that? 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
So Abneesh, absolutely no numbers. But I think the good news I can give you is that 
we are progressing well on that. As a matter of fact, we met up with the partners again. 
And as I speak to you in the month of October, we have opened an application center 
in Bangalore. And therefore, we already, as you know, are operating as a distributor of 
our partner, eventually we'll take this partnership at the next level. So, I think, all in 
all, we are progressing well. Beyond that, I can't tell you. We are very excited and we 
are progressing well is what I would sum it up to this question. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Jay Doshi from Kotak. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Just a follow-up question there on your partnership with CollTech. Can you give us 
some idea in terms of what is their positioning at a global level? Who are the large 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
October 24, 2024  
Page 6 of 21 
 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
players, or they are suppliers of high performance adhesives. And typically, what's 
their market share of standing globally in that space. So that's the first question. 
 
And is this distributor arrangement largely a pilot that you were sort of and eventually, 
if this scales up would you be manufacturing it in India and taking this to the next 
level? Or it's at this point of time? Or is it going to be distributor level relationship for 
the long term? 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
On our partners, I think these partners have a very strong product portfolio across 
chemistry and as you would understand, this is a very specialized high-precision 
thermal resistant kind of chemistry portfolio across different chemistries. 
 
So, first of all, the product portfolio is very good. Second thing is that they have a very 
strong inclination on R&D. 20% of the manpower is on R&D and therefore, there's 
constant R&D work which is done. And without naming, I can tell you that some of 
the large marquee customers across the world are customers of our partners. 
 
Now in terms of the partnership is concerned, the partnership has been envisaged in 
phases. Our current phase is basically as a distributor. And in this, we are very excited 
with the work which we are doing. We set up the cold chain with Snowman. I think in 
collaboration with Snowman we have already started. We have done a lot of 
specification sampling. We have done some commercial sampling. We have also got 
an initial order. So initially, it's very good, this thing. I think in terms of manufacturing, 
your question, we will answer that question when we come to it. I think we are very 
open to that thought. But as and when we talk about it, and when we are more clear 
and our plans are firm, we will talk about that as well. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Right. If I may ask a few more questions, there. In the current context, what product is 
being used in India? I know the industry is also evolving maybe at a nascent stage. But 
who are the suppliers at this point of time? 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
So, what I suggest, Jay, is that we can take some of this offline. I am happy between 
Sandeep and I; we can talk about it in more detail. But I think the point at this moment 
is that there are multiple guys. As you know, this is a slightly different supply chain, 
as I'm sure you guys must be aware. There are contract manufacturers, some of the 
biggest guys that Tata Electronics itself is very large in India now. 
 
They have acquired 1 or 2 of these contract manufacturers also in India. And then there 
are a whole host of EMS companies, as you know. So, I think this supply chain, we 
are basically getting to understand, working with them. We have visited some of our 
top customers, we are working on this piece. We'll be happy to take something in more 
detail with you offline. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
October 24, 2024  
Page 7 of 21 
 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Sure. I'll reach out to you separately. Second question is Akzo  Nobel's decorative 
paints business is on the block and some of the companies have publicly expressed 
interest. So, what's your view on that? Does it interest you? 
 Bharat Puri: 
I'll take that. Good to hear from you, Jay. As far as Akzo Nobel is concerned, we have 
also read the report, so on and so forth, tetc. Let us get all of the details, what is on the 
block, what is happening so forth. And at an appropriate time, we will then reply on 
whether it's an area of interest or not. Too early right now. It's all in the press, but they 
haven't still moved forward from the press into real action. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Sonali from Jefferies. Please go ahead.  
Sonali: 
Wishing everyone a very happy festive season and congratulations for a healthy UVG. 
 
So, my first question is related to any update you would like to give on the smaller 
business segments, that's paints and NBFCs? And secondly, just an extension to the 
commentary by Mr. Vats to our previous participant's query, how much of our overall 
sales would emanate from new construction versus renovation? And thirdly, the 
present cost of VAM consumption? 
Bharat Puri: 
Thanks, Sonali. The whole set of questions, let me start first. As we have always said, 
for the paint’s initiative, we are in the Southern states, we will be in a position to share 
updates at the end of the period, which is in around March. As of now, and I can tell 
you with the company with our sales and distribution strength and clout, obviously, 
initially, you get good response. But I would wait and come back to you with further 
plans on what our results are in March. 
 
Similarly, on the NBFC, we have just concluded Stage 1 of the 2-stage pilot. Again, 
we will have firm results on the pilot, which is happening in Bangalore in March. So, 
in both these areas, you will get an update from us in March. 
 
Your next question, I'm not answering in the same order. Simple VAM consumption 
rates this time is $980 a ton. Last time was close to $1,000 a ton. So, we are pretty 
much in the same area. Remember it's very difficult for us as a company given that we 
have 37 different verticals to aggregate and say what part of our demand comes from 
new construction versus renovation. 
But I'll tell you it's a very simple thing that we use, let's use a 70%-30%. 70% comes 
from repair and renovation, 30% comes from new construction. New construction 
tends to be, therefore, the multiplier. The larger part is actually repair and renovation. 
Have I missed any of your questions? 
Sonali: 
No, sir. Not at all. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
October 24, 2024  
Page 8 of 21 
 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Sir, congratulation to the Pidilite team for such a good number in a challenging time. 
I'm a little new to the company. I want to understand that in last 5-6 years, we have 
added under home care and in several categories also as well as within a category also, 
we have added new products. So, can you give some kind of innovation turnover 
index? And how do we see going ahead? That is the first question. 
Bharat Puri: 
See, Bharat bhai, very broadly, the objective we set for ourselves is 2/3rd of our growth 
should come out of growing the core and 1/3rd should come out of innovation. We have 
largely been true to that as we go forward. We also use exactly the same parameters 
when we look at new categories and innovation within category. Beyond that, if I share 
further detailed information, then I'll be helping my competition. 
Bharat Sheth: 
But sir, would you think that going ahead, I mean, whatever products that we have 
introduced can it accelerate the growth, which we are saying that core is contributing 
around 65% or 60%? So, from that perspective. 
Bharat Puri: 
See, very clearly, our objective is if we are transforming our portfolio, when we started 
on this journey, we were 80 core, 20 growth in pioneer. We're about 55%, 45%. By 
definition, growth in pioneer grows faster than core. And therefore, you're looking at 
heightened growth. So that is our objective. Over a period of time, we've always 
maintained we would like to go to healthy double-digit underlying volume growth 
because we believe that's the best indicator of success in an emerging market. 
Bharat Sheth: 
And last question with your permission. Sir, some of the subsidiaries, I mean, from 
over last 3, 4 years, still their EBITDA is declining. So, I would like to give some 
colour on that? When do we expect that to start seeing healthy EBITDA? 
Bharat Puri: 
See, the only subsidiary that has been significantly challenged over a larger period of 
time has been Nina Percept because this is a contracting subsidiary, which suffered 
during COVID, then suffered with the lack of labour, etc. But if you notice, this is 
slowly coming back to profitability. Frankly, over the next 3 quarters, you will see 
Nina Percept also in a profitable situation. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Arnab Mitra from Goldman Sachs. 
Arnab Mitra: 
My question actually was, again, pertaining to the demand environment. So, for want 
of a better word, you don't seem to be very bearish on the demand conditions compared 
to some of the other companies I've heard. Now if I look at the first quarter, there was 
a question of election impact; second quarter, probably a bit of monsoon impact. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
October 24, 2024  
Page 9 of 21 
 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
Would you say that in December quarter, you should see whatever the pent-up demand 
or some postponement of activity kind of coming through? 
 
And would you expect December quarter to kind of be much stronger than the first 
half? And any major difference you see between, let's say, the retail products like 
Fevikwik versus, let's say, woodworking adhesives, which are more used for 
carpentering? Is that like a difference in, like, small ticket versus more larger ticket 
usage products in your case? So, any colour on both of these would be helpful. 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
Yes. Arnab, once again, thank you for the question. And I think the first part of the 
question, I have partly answered, but I'll again repeat. So, where we are one side is we 
are also not saying that there is considerable buoyancy in the market. But having said 
that, I think we performed better. We performed better on the quality of our portfolio, 
on the quality of perhaps the categories we operate in. So therefore, there is that 
because each category is operating differently in a country like India at the moment. 
 
And also, our execution on the entire front of core growth. And as Bharat was 
explaining in the previous question, as our growth and pioneering categories grow up, 
pioneering particularly is largely the execution work to be done by us. So therefore, 
we therefore, get a bit of a benefit of that compared to some of the other organizations. 
 
I think on the second part of your question on our own consumer products business, 
which is not classic FMCG, but consumer products business. Has there been some 
impact? The answer is yes. I think in the first half of the year, if you look at our own 
consumer products business, you talked about Fevikwik, but even art and stationery, 
and some of those products, I think there has been a marginal impact. So, what you are 
hearing from everyone, the market conditions do have a play there. So that's the point. 
Bharat Puri: 
Plus, Arnab, what we are not clear about, and that's why we are rather saying, let's see 
the third quarter. How much of this is due to really these physical factors, whether it 
was the election, the heatwave, the monsoon, and how much is genuinely demand 
subdued, we still don't have a fix. so, we have to say wait and watch. When we look at 
even October, it's not a buoyant October, it's not a depressed October. It's a normal 
October. So, we are not seeing this upsurge in festive demand, so on and so forth, etc, 
but we are not seeing it depressed either. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Understood. That's very helpful Bharat and Sudhanshu. And just 1 last question. 
You've been doing extremely well in the B2B business for the last few quarters in 
terms of volume growth. If you could just help us understand is the underlying growth 
in those industries strong? Or is this more penetration or market share gain because 
you have certain lines of business which you are focusing on more versus in the past? 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
October 24, 2024  
Page 10 of 21 
 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
Yes. You are absolutely right. I think our B2B business, we have been delivering 
consistently strong double-digit growth for, I think, past 3 or 4 quarters, if not longer, 
almost a year plus. 
 
I think it's a combination. Again, if you look at our B2B business, I think there is in 
our industrial business and there is our project business. So, I think it's our strategic 
work which we have done on projects and the quality of execution which we are dialing 
up with every passing quarter. So, on the project side, we are seeing very robust 
growth, aided also by the construction and some of the things which are happening at 
macro level. So, I think that is one which is that we have seen very strong growth. 
 
I will be in complete candor and which is like the spirit of Pidilite, I would also share 
with you that our industrial products business has delivered good growth, but some of 
this you are also seeing as a comparator because some of our industrial products 
business has an export component and has export to Western world, that business this 
year has improved considerably over previous year. So, there is a little bit of that 
impact as well. So therefore, that is my response to your question on B2B. But we are 
confident that going ahead, we will continue to drive our B2B businesses in strong 
double digits. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Anand Shah from Axis Capital. 
Anand Shah: 
Just a couple of questions. Sir, firstly, on the domestic subsidiaries, the CBT business 
sort of was slower, sort of declined this quarter Y-o-Y. I mean you did highlight Nina. 
But that's the only way read through or anything else to read through here? 
Bharat Puri: 
No, definitely. As far as domestic subsidiaries are concerned, the first 6 months has 
been challenging, the 2 big ones are Nina and ICA Pidilite. Both have faced challenges. 
Both again, these physical factors that we spoke about, the various areas. In our belief, 
again, in both these cases, we are fairly hopeful that you will see a far better second 
half than the first half given that these were largely local factors. But clearly, I would 
say, if there were 2 challenged businesses, these were the 2 challenged businesses in 
the first half. 
Anand Shah: 
Yes. Got it. And just lastly on your employee cost. I mean, we have possibly seen a 
surge. And now again, I mean, even in H1, it was up substantially. I mean, is some of 
this sort of front-loading sort of building or investing more? Or I mean, eventually, do 
you expect with double-digit, you will see a lot of leverage here as well? 
Bharat Puri: 
Yes, I think that's a great observation. Your observation is largely correct. What we 
remember in the last just 2.5 years, we've built some 19 new facilities. Now all facilities 
take time to ramp up before they come to even 75%, 80% capacity utilization. Plus 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
October 24, 2024  
Page 11 of 21 
 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
given our model in growth and pioneer, while these categories will be gross margin 
attractive, we will always invest in both people and ASP upfront. So, this is part of our 
plan. Over time, you will keep seeing this moderate as we go forward as the turnover 
good. This is in one sense, I mean, I won't call it front-loading, I will just say this is all 
part of our preparation for future growth. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Tejash Shah from Avendus Spark Institutional 
Equities. 
Tejash Shah: 
Sir, in the past 3-4 years, competition in waterproofing came from paints players as 
new joining there. Now with them focusing more on protecting their core, do you see 
competitive intensity in waterproofing decreasing? Or have they become more 
aggressive because the threat is on core, they are getting more aggressive on 
waterproofing side? 
Bharat Puri: 
I think, again, that's a great question. But let me just split it into, I think your question 
is the right one. See, paint companies tend to strongly play in the repair and renovation 
segment. When people repair and renovate, they will waterproof and repaint largely at 
the same time. Most of the paint companies are not strong in the new construction area 
because at that point of time, the outlets that sell waterproofing are actually what we 
call the building material outlets, steel, cement, etc., and not the paint outlets. 
 
Now over time, what has happened is most of the paint companies have introduced 
coatings and even the newer entrants that have come into the market have also got 
waterproofing coating. So, we're not seeing any decrease in intensity of waterproofing. 
It's now become part of their range and obviously, everybody is right now in this 
disruptive situation, trying to protect share, etc. So, you will see a certain amount of 
turmoil in the market, but I mean, is it substantially more than the past? The answer is 
no. Is it lesser? Definitely, the answer is no. 
Tejash Shah: 
Got it. Sir, second, you have observed this industry for many years and looking at the 
profit pool and the way it is growing and the challenges that it has, do you see that it 
can accommodate this many new players? Or you see that consolidation is the only 
way to kind of make justification for the ROI that industry has been used to? 
Bharat Puri: 
See, when you have a large deep-pocketed player with a substantial front-loaded 
investment coming in, you are going to see disruption for 12 to 18 months. There is no 
doubt about that. Finally, as I always put it if the current incumbents managed to 
continue to satisfy their consumers and customers a little more than the newer fellows, 
then like many new entrants into the paint market, you would see that this may not be 
a disruptive moment for the industry. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
October 24, 2024  
Page 12 of 21 
 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
 
But if they don't, I definitely do think that there are too many players in the market, 
what will happen in the future? You guys are far better experts than we are in all this 
business of consolidation, etc. Will paint as an industry grow? The answer is yes. What 
will be the new normal, I think probably, this time post the festive season next year 
and next year, I presume Diwali will be in the third week of October. Post next year's 
festive season, you really know where the new normal is emerging. 
Tejash Shah: 
Perfect. And sir, last one, if I may. You were candid about your view on demand 
environment. If I understood correctly, you seem cautiously optimistic. So just wanted 
to know, we are already midway into the festive season. Whatever sentiment you are 
making up right now, do you think that the signs of revival are there? Or you still wait 
for, let's say, Diwali to get over? Or somewhere around mid-3Q, you will have some 
more clarity on the demand? 
Bharat Puri: 
I think, you will only have clarity frankly at the end of the third quarter. Everybody 
currently is basing things on hope. There is no evidence right now of what I would say, 
much more buoyant demand situation during the festive season. We are 10 days away, 
though I must say that remember the last 10 days of the festive season are very strong. 
But having said that, I mean, we are not seeing any major, like as if there was a lot of 
pending stuff that had to be completed and therefore, there is a rush. It is still a normal 
October. It is not a buoyant October. 
Tejash Shah: 
Got it, sir. Very clear. Happy Diwali to the team in advance. 
Moderator: 
 Our next question is from Avi Mehta from Macquarie. 
Avi Mehta: 
Most of the questions have been answered. I just had 1 basic question on the margin 
front. Now you have historically indicated this 20% to 24% steady-state range, with 
the first half EBITDA margin already ahead of that range, it's at 24.5%, would you say 
input costs are benign, would it be right to say that there's a higher possibility of us 
breaching that range? Obviously, things could change, but I'm just trying to understand 
how should we look at the margin front? That's all from my side. 
Bharat Puri: 
No, Avi, I would not say that there is a very high possibility of breaching. You know 
that we don't manage margins on a quarter-by-quarter basis. Given the extended range, 
etc., we postponed a lot of promotional and advertising activity to the third and fourth 
quarters because it didn't make sense during that time. So therefore, you are also seeing, 
I mean, one of the reasons why our EBITDA is higher because of lower ASP spend. 
That will not actually happen in the third and fourth quarter. I presume without any 
black swan geopolitical events in the fourth quarter, we will be at the higher end of our 
margin range, but I don't see great possibilities of breaching it substantially. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
October 24, 2024  
Page 13 of 21 
 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL Securities Limited. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Just a question on the growth. You mentioned that October month hasn't been any kind 
of blowout month, or any kind of delayed demand witnessed. So, would it be fair to 
say that unless something changes materially in the underlying demand environment, 
the volume growth in the second half should remain similar to what we have seen this 
quarter? 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
I don't think I would put it like that. What I would say is that we have always stated 
that we would like to deliver double-digit underlying volume growth. And as you 
know, in the first half, we have delivered just shy of that 9%, very strong single digit. 
Now like we've been saying from the beginning on this call, depending on how the 
environment plays out, our plans and our attempts would be to stay to our double-digit 
underlying volume growth commitment. So, to that extent, we would like to have an 
uptick of what you've seen over first half. But a lot will also depend on what are the 
intrinsic demand positions, which both Bharat and I have spoken about on this call. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right. So, I understand the aspiration to have the double-digit volume growth, but the 
overall macro environment that we are in currently is very different. We can see, of 
course, not directly comparable categories, but we can see many of the consumer 
companies which have reported till now have reported extremely weak numbers, 
probably the weakest in a decade without any one-off event like de-mon or a COVID 
or something like that. So, in that context, would you still say that I can understand 
medium-term aspirations, but till the environment remains as is, would you still say 
that double-digit is a possibility? 
Bharat Puri: 
See, remember, in our sector, I will take a step back. If I look at the headwinds, a lot 
of the headwinds in the first half, hopefully, we are not going to have these extreme 
weather events, be it the monsoon or heat. We are obviously not going to like face 
disruptions because of the elections, etc.. We also know that, and this is a statement of 
the fact, that the whole capital expenditure of the government is weighted very 
substantially to the second half. There is healthy construction activity. Overall, after 
all the dust has settled, it's a good monsoon, which should hopefully lead to an upsurge 
in rural incomes. 
 
Now therefore, are we hopeful and are we planning? Yes. And it's not just aspiration. 
We believe that in these tougher times, we have delivered 9% UVG, stepping it up in 
second half is an imminent possibility. But as I said in the answer to another question 
on demand, frankly, this question will be best answered in January because by then, 
you know where the new normal has settled post Diwali. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
October 24, 2024  
Page 14 of 21 
 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
Percy Panthaki: 
Got it. Secondly, I just wanted to understand in terms of the pricing, I mean, in the 
second half, would it be fair to say that if commodity remains where it is today, then 
your sales will be equal to UVG? 
Bharat Puri: 
In fact, sales will be a little better than UVG because, obviously, we want better mix, 
so on and so forth. But yes, we don't see further possibilities of price decreases, etc. 
And you will now see a convergence and hopefully, slowly value outpacing volume. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Got it. And lastly, I just wanted some more details on the paint venture. It's been now 
quite a few quarters since you have launched. And earlier when we used to ask, you 
used to say, just wait a couple of quarters, and we will share some more information. 
So, can you give some more colour on now sort of which states are you getting a decent 
traction into? In those states, what kind of market share roughly you have or anything 
of that sort that would help us understand how successful the foray has been? 
Bharat Puri: 
See, my simple answer to you, which I answered, I think, Sonali, asked the same 
question. The festive season in the South, etc., will be Pongal, which is first week of 
or close to the 10th of Jan. Wait till therefore, we go through 1 full cycle and then let's 
come back to you. We are in no hurry. As we have said that, listen, we are not into this 
big bang approach. 
 
We are not setting up factories across every nook and corner of India and then giving 
away products free. We believe we have a right to win in small town and rural India. 
We are proceeding at our pace. All I can tell you is, as of now, we are happy and 
satisfied by what we are doing. But more colour and more further plan, wait till we get 
over the festive season of the South. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Fair enough. But just, the reason why I asked is, I just wanted to understand in the 
current numbers and the growth that we have, let's say, 7%, 8% kind of growth that we 
have done. Is it that, let's say, 2%, 3% is coming from this new venture? And excluding 
that, the growth will be lower? 
Bharat Puri: 
No. I want to explain to you, we are in 4 states in rural and semi-urban. Semi-urban is 
30% of the total market, right? So, 70% of those state also we are not in. These 4 states 
will be less than 1/3 of India. I mean, even if we did extremely well here, we would 
not make any significant difference to our growth rates. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from line of Rahul Maheshwari from Ambit Asset Management. 
Rahul Maheshwari: 
I had just 1 question. As you mentioned in your earlier remarks that the growth and the 
pioneer categories are growing faster than the core categories. Can you give us some 
more details in terms of range, how much fast it's growing? And what are the brands 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
October 24, 2024  
Page 15 of 21 
 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
which are driving the growth? And any pipeline that you can highlight that how many 
further subcategories of brands you would be able to add? That will be very helpful. 
Bharat Puri: 
See, Rahul, very simply put, we will not tell you about future pipelines, etc. because 
that is of more interest to my competition than to anybody else. 
Rahul Maheshwari: 
No, in terms of numbers, I'm asking. 
Bharat Puri: 
In terms of numbers, we are clear. We have always said that core category should grow 
around GDP, and growth category should be 2 to 4x GDP. Pioneer categories, we don't 
have a target. We want them to be in 3 years, achieve a certain minimum size so they 
can become a growth category. As of now, therefore, if you look at our business, it is 
spread now 55% core, 45% growth. Largely, again, plus/minus 10% exactly meeting 
these numbers. So, we are according to plan. 
 
If you look at, for example, the core categories that would include wood adhesives like 
Fevicol, Fevikwik, M-Seal. If you look at the growth categories, it will include 
waterproofing, it will include tile adhesives. It will include the joinery segment, it will 
include what we call also growth geographies, which is rural India. So, we have got a 
whole set of stuff. We are one of the few companies, the question hasn't been asked. 
 
This is now the third year where rural for us is growing twice urban. Everybody else 
has been complaining about rural, and now urban has got challenged, so people have 
forgotten rural, but the so-called turnaround in rural that we are still talking around is 
little or nil growth becoming 2% and 3%. In our case, rural is being twice urban growth. 
Rahul Maheshwari: 
If you don't mind, sir, what is that only you were able to grow 2x means what are 2-3 
success factors which has made Pidilite grow 2x of rural of urban, sir? Can you 
comment on that? 
Bharat Puri: 
Yes, I will definitely tell. See, first, it's just the categories that we have. I mean it's not 
that we are much smarter than all our friends in the FMCG sector. Our scope for 
penetration, Rahul, is much, much higher. I mean, we have such a vast portfolio. And 
in our portfolio, making our products just available is of no use. We have to teach 
people how to waterproof, how to use tile adhesive, how to put wood together. 
 
So, we, about 5 years back, created a new division called Emerging India, which 
actually aggregates all the Pidilite products for rural and semi-urban India. We have 
substantially therefore, invested behind brand building, behind education of 
intermediaries and the retail universe. I mean, you all know of our initiative called 
Pidilite Ki Duniya. We have added 1,000 Pidilite Ki Duniyas just in the first 6 months 
of this year. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
October 24, 2024  
Page 16 of 21 
 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
 
We now have 15,000 Pidilite Ki Duniyas, which are retail stores in villages with a 
population of 5000 to 15,000. So, we have consistently believed because of the 
penetration data that equalizes for income, we have a greater opportunity, but it will 
take a lot of doing to capitalize on that opportunity. I would say and without trying to 
pack ourselves on the back, in the home improvement sector, we would be by far the 
deepest penetrated company by a long distance. 
Rahul Maheshwari: 
Okay. Sir, just a follow-up question. Can you give how much distribution expansion 
you are making or any target in terms of percentage? Will it be in line with the sales 
growth? Or can you give some color in terms of how the mix approach you are taking 
from a distribution point of view? 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
So, when we look at distribution, like Bharat was telling you, so he talked about Pidilite 
Ki Duniya, which is our both presence and demand generation. But in terms of our 
absolute coverage of outlet, we now cover close to about 6 lakh outlets in the country. 
And even in the quarter which has gone by, we have expanded by about 5%. So, we've 
added close to about 30,000 outlets. 
 
Much of it will be in the smaller towns and rural, but that's a continuous expansion. 
But for us, distribution expansion is also about improving the range of our products as 
we go to these outlets. And as you know, Pidilite has a very wide range. And that is 
another factor which we measure, KPI of range sales index, and that we keep growing 
as we go forward. I think we've made progress on that as well. 
Rahul Maheshwari: 
But any run rate of growth in distribution as of the shops etc. that you are telling? Any 
target that you are keeping into mind from 2-3 years' perspective, where you want to 
reach from overall distribution point of view? 
Bharat Puri: 
See, we have clear targets like, for example, at every town from 0 to 10,000 here or so, 
many villages, this is where we reach, and this is the range that reaches. So, we have 
targets across all town classes, which Emerging India does. And at a broad level, as 
Sudhanshu says, every year, we hope in a numerical sense to improve our distribution 
anywhere between 12% and 20%. 
 
But numerical alone is not important because in our current distribution, there is an 
equal opportunity in increasing range. I mean, I'll give you a simple example. When 
we took over Araldite, it had very little sales in emerging and rural India. Now Araldite, 
if you go to the smallest of the small towns, you will find it available. One of the 
reasons why we have doubled Araldite over 3.5 years that we have acquired is just our 
distribution clout. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Sheela Rathi from Morgan Stanley. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
October 24, 2024  
Page 17 of 21 
 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
Sheela Rathi: 
Actually, I was very intrigued with the comment, which Mr. Puri made about operating 
in 37 verticals. And then obviously, you gave the details around the categories. And 
the question I have is, seeing the success in terms of so many categories we have done 
over the years, what are the key synergies you see when you think of getting into 
different spaces or categories or even into adjacencies? And what according to you is 
the biggest challenge when we are managing so many categories? 
Bharat Puri: 
See, I think that's a great question, Sheela. Firstly, good to hear you after long. Very 
simply, we have a very clear model. When we look at adjacencies between consumer, 
customer, which therefore, is the channel, consumer, channel and technology, we must 
have the right to win in at least 2 of the 3. Then we consider that as an adjacency. So, 
like the best example I'll give you is we started with tile adhesives. 
 
With tiles adhesives, you need tile grouts because that's what holds the tiles together, 
those are what you see as the lines between the tiles. After we did tile grouts, we 
realized that there are other surfaces, stone and marble. Therefore, we did Tenax, and 
we became stone and marble. Then we realize there's a need not only for fixing them, 
but also maintaining them. Therefore, we did cleaners for these. 
 
So, like this, what we try and do is between consumer, channel and the technology, we 
must have a winning position in 2. And that's how we keep identifying adjacencies. 
What we also have done over a period of time, 2 of our senior most managers who 
were CEOs of businesses, currently spend 100% of their time identifying new 
businesses because if our model is that of a pioneer, we're a company that creates new 
categories on a consistent basis, then we must be studying the world for these 
categories and we study a whole set of affinity markets. And what you see in the 
marketplace is after a fairly rigorous evaluation and testing when we go out into the 
market. 
Sheela Rathi: 
And anything around the challenges which we face because I am sure there would be 
some? 
Bharat Puri: 
There are significant challenges because in a lot of these, you have to learn the 
technology, you have to learn the application. I mean, we put up this factory. I'll give 
you a simple example. For what is that exterior plaster-cum-paint. You don't have to 
do any plaster, putty or paint. All of it does together. This is now very popular in 
Southern Europe. Understanding how it will be applied in India by the Indian mason. 
Will it be the mason, or will it be the painter? How will it be done? 
 
So, remember, as a pioneer, you will generally take a longer to do the category. But 
once you do the category, you become associated with the category and therefore, 
almost because the category definers. We know that model, we follow it fairly 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
October 24, 2024  
Page 18 of 21 
 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
rigorously. The challenges and as you rightly said, also making sure that it gets enough 
management attention, it also gets the right resources, which is why our buckets of 
core growth in pioneer. We have clear investment criteria for core, growth and pioneer. 
We have clear people and advertising allocation for these based on their position. So 
over time has evolved a model which is internal to us. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Do we think we are still in a position to add another 30 verticals? Or how are we 
positioned for that? 
Bharat Puri: 
Without any doubt. Every year, we will add at least 2 large verticals and within those 
verticals, smaller ones because, frankly, that's the lovely thing about India as a market. 
Let me give you a simple example. Tile adhesives, even today, 1 in 4 consumers uses 
any tile adhesive: 3 out of 4 use standard cement. Now similarly, grouts, they use white 
cement. 
 
They don't use the grout at all. Now this is long term and with the 3 India's approach, 
what I call premium India, middle India and aspirant India, you need products for all 
3. So therefore, at any point of time, as we talk today, we will be studying at least 15 
different verticals. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Keyur Pandya from ICICI Prudential Life 
Insurance Company. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Just 1 question. So, on the gross margin side, if you look at the VAM as a representative 
of raw material, I mean from $980 probably, it is still trading at lower prices. So, you 
always talked about, say, reinvesting for growth. Now when you are talking about, say, 
there is some possible slowdown or lull. Is it possible to reinvest even from such high 
levels of investment in A&P in last year? Or is it better to take that in the pocket when 
additional investment may or may not yield additional, say, growth in near term? So 
just thought on balance between margin and growth, especially from the perspective 
of already high investment that you are doing for last 1, 1.5 years? 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
Thanks for the question Keyur, good question. I think, see, the way we look at market 
and we define ourselves as a pioneering company. So, we look at opportunities all the 
time. So, for us, there are always opportunities to invest and opportunities to build 
category. And when you build categories, you are over-indexation on investment is 
there, as we have talked through this call and Bharat talks about it all the time. So, for 
us, the market being a little dull or being very buoyant, is totally independent to our 
desire to build categories. So therefore, that and because India has such strong runway 
across many of the categories or if not all the categories that we operate in, I think there 
is always room for us to keep on building. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
October 24, 2024  
Page 19 of 21 
 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
 
Anecdotally, I wanted to tell you, Roff recently has a property which comes with 
basically the kabaddi league. And it depends on when the kabaddi league is there, 
property will get x, y and z so that ASP will come in. But that I'm just telling you, 
therefore, our investments are going to continue to be what is right for the brand, what 
is right for building the categories. And wherever we want to get into some more 
longer-term pioneering effort, those investments will be there. And we will make those 
investments in the right form. So, I wouldn't look at it the way you are looking at it. 
Bharat Puri: 
Even if you look at the simple things, one of your colleagues asked a question on 
people and the increase, which is clearly, again, a strong and very significant 
investment into growth. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Understood. Noted. Just 1 last question. I mean, so what would the VAM prices right 
now? 
Bharat Puri: 
See, what we are buying currently is between $800 and $900 depending on the timing, 
so on and so forth, etc.. At an overall level, while VAM has softened, there are some 
other prices that have gone up. So, at an overall index, we are pretty much in the same 
range, we will be in quarter 3. Quarter 3 will be very similar to quarter 2. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Krishnendu Saha from Quantum AMC. 
Krishnendu Saha: 
I am very new to the company. So just trying to understand the business. You launched 
pioneer products, 2 or 3 products every year. So, in the last 4-5 years, how many have 
you actually stopped, or you thought the success was not good or up to the mark, so 
you have to recall the product or you have to stop producing that category. How many 
would that be? 
Bharat Puri: 
See, Krishnendu, again, that's a great question. See before we launched the product, 
we have a concept of piloting product. We pilot in very restricted geographies; we are 
a very patient company. I mean if you want to be a pioneer, then you have to be a 
learning company. So, we don't launch anything extensively, we will first pilot it in a 
geography, then we will pilot it in a state, then we'll pilot it in a region before we go 
all-India. 
 
And again, we use the pilot for learning. So, there are many pilots which go back. We 
reformulate the product. Again, we need to make some changes in the application 
process. We make those. So, it's an ongoing process. In all new stuff, where if you 
have a success rate of over 70%-75% is a great success ratio. And that's what we try 
and remain at. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
October 24, 2024  
Page 20 of 21 
 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
Krishnendu Saha: 
So, we have a high success rate, right. And just to understand a little bit more, rural or 
emerging market is growing faster in my understanding, because we have offered 
Pidilite Ki Duniya on the faster track. Is that will being one of the core reasons the 
rural volume-wise and growing faster? Is that understanding right? 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
So Krishnendu, there are multiple parts to it. It may be very simplistic to say that just 
because you are opening more PKDs, your rural growth is going up. PKD is an integral 
and an important element of one of our things as we go deeper into rural India and 
smaller villages. But at the same time, as we were talking through this call multiple 
times, I think it's about distribution expansion, it's about range, it's about demand 
creation in some of these places because, again, let me tell you, all across India, most 
of our categories need a lot of work with the applicators or users to create demand. 
 
I think that work has to continue for us to be able to deliver growth. So, the good news 
is that these categories need to be created. The demand for that needs to be created. 
Applicators need to be trained and so on and so forth. So, all of that, it's a summation 
of many of these things and not just 1 single initiative. It's an important initiative. It's 
some kind of a surrogate or an indicator kind of an initiative as to how we do combine 
sales and demand planning. But that's not the only thing which sort of delivers that 
kind of growth. 
Krishnendu Saha: 
Right. And it also helps has because you have a high success rate of 80% of new 
pioneer products we launch.. And last thing, when you open a Pidilite Ki Duniya outlet, 
does it carry all your products at the same outlet? Or like it's come in stages? How do 
you go about that when you open up the PKD? 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
So Pidilite Ki Duniya, by definition, does carry most of Pidilite products because it's a 
one Pidilite. But over a period of time, you build an assortment. And you also build an 
assortment, which in our judgment is right assortment for that particular village or that 
particular small town. So, I think, yes, by definition, do we have most of Pidilite 
products? Is it like a one Pidilite approach? The answer is yes. But do you carry all 
your products all the time to all PKDs? The answer is no. You sort of build it over a 
period of time, assess what is the right assortment and then do it. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over 
to the management. 
Sandeep Batra: 
Thank you very much to everybody for their continued interest in Pidilite. And as we 
sign off, wish each on the call and their families, very best wishes for the festive season. 
Thank you. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
October 24, 2024  
Page 21 of 21 
 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
Moderator: 
On behalf of IIFL Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
(This document has been edited to improve readability) 
 
 
