 
 
NO. SEC/BD/SE 
 
 
 
November 20, 2024 
 
 
Dy. General Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Dept., 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Bldg, PJ Tower,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: "500670"  
 
Dy. General Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
C-1, Block - "G", 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: "GNFC” 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub.:  Transcript of earnings conference call 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----
 
 
 
 
 
We had vide our letter dated November 08, 2024 intimated the Stock Exchanges about the 
schedule of Investors / Analysts meet on Thursday, November 14, 2024 at 04:00 PM (IST) 
through Conference Call. 
 
We send herewith a copy of Transcript of Investors / Analysts meet through Conference 
Call which took place on November 14, 2024. The said transcript along with the audio is 
also uploaded on the Company's website i.e. www.gnfc.in  
 
You are requested to take note of the above. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
 
 
Chetna Dharajiya 
Company Secretary & Chief Manager (Legal) 
 
Encl.: As above 
CHETNA 
PRABHATKUM
AR DHARAJIYA
Digitally signed by 
CHETNA PRABHATKUMAR 
DHARAJIYA 
Date: 2024.11.20 17:02:41 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 7 
 
 
 
“Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers & Chemicals 
Limited  
Q2-FY-2024-25 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
 
                             
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. D. V. PARIKH – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER- GUJARAT NARMADA 
VALLEY FERTILIZERS & CHEMICALS LIMITED 
MR. Y. N. PATEL – HEAD 
OF DEPARTMENT 
(OPERATIONS & MAINTENANCE)- GUJARAT NARMADA 
VALLEY FERTILIZERS & CHEMICALS LIMITED 
MS. CHETNA DHARAJIYA –COMPANY SECRETARY & 
CHIEF MANAGER (LEGAL) - GUJARAT NARMADA 
VALLEY FERTILIZERS & CHEMICALS LIMITED 
MR. MANISH UPADHYAY – ADDITIONAL GENERAL 
MANAGER (MARKETING- INDUSTRIAL PRODUCT), 
GUJARAT 
NARMADA 
VALLEY 
FERTILIZERS 
& 
CHEMICALS LIMITED 
 

 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 7 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers & 
Chemicals Limited Q2 FY-2024-25 Earnings Conference Call. 
This call is being hosted by Anurag Services LLP. From the management, we have Mr. D. V. 
Parikh - Executive Director and CFO; Mr. Y. N. Patel – HOD, O&M; Ms. Chetna Dharajiya - 
Company Secretary & Chief Manager, Legal. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need any 
assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. D. V. Parikh. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
D. V. Parikh: 
Thank you, ma’am. Good afternoon everybody. I have with me one more colleague who is from 
marketing – Mr. Manish Upadhyay too. So, from operations side we have Mr. Y. N. Patel, from 
marketing side Mr. Manish Upadhyay and me and Chetna are there. She is representing the 
secretary side. I am the finance side. 
Now I will touch base with first the business update and thereafter the Financials of Q2: 
In terms of the business update there are three ongoing capital expenditure projects which are 
going on. The total of this estimated CAPEX is around ₹2,200 crores. Out of this, one is that of 
weak nitric acid which is around u1400 crore. Another is ammonia make up loop which is ₹227 
crore and third is we call it CCPP coal based power plant, power and steam plant which cost 
around ₹613 crores. In addition to that, we have something on a tendering stage which is for the 
ammonium nitrate melt for which update was given during the Q1 that it has been approved for 
the tendering stage. So, we are expecting this CAPEX decision sometime in January. 
In addition to that, there is an announcement which was made during Q1 that there is a strategic 
management consultant which is appointed who is Kearney and they are working on basically 
two parts. One is charting out the future direction in terms of where to invest and how to invest. 
And secondly is transformation on the existing business side, which is expected to improve the 
bottom line. Mainly the effectiveness and efficiency part of it will be taken care. In terms of the 
policy changes at the fertilizer level, currently there are no developments, but there are two 
things which are going on actively. One is on the revision in energy norms, which is expected 
to be effective first of April 2025. And second is on the cost part, the fixed cost of Urea for 
which exercise is on and units are invited to their cost sections. 
Subsidies are coming regularly. In terms of the volume pickup, fertilizer is going good. In terms 
of volume, both complex as well as straight fertilizer which is urea and with Dahej plant now 
fully operational at 100% capacity, chemical volumes are also going up including the 
consumption of upstream products like CNA etc. 
Coming to the financial part, there are two differences on an H1 basis. Like last year there was 
a shutdown/ annual turnaround at Baruch complex. And here in the first quarter one as well as 
whole of quarter two, there was a turnaround of Dahej complex. This has impacted to some 

 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 7 
extent the volume of chemical. Actually, the volume of chemicals are impacted because of three 
primary reasons. One is the availability of TDI as a product from Dahej. Second is the impact 
on the AN melt because of the monsoon season. And third is there are competitive pressures 
which are being witnessed in case of aniline. All this has brought down substantially the 
realization as well as the contribution part of the chemical segment whereas fertilizer did well, 
especially the complex fertilizer did quite well in quarter two. And therefore, on a net basis, 
there is a change in realization overall of close to around Rs.100 crore. Other income this time 
is higher mainly because of the dividend. In terms of the cost elements, the personnel costs are 
somewhat relatively down because of the write back of the excess provisions. Other costs are 
down mainly because of the catalyst consumption which has not happened at TDI, Dahej. And 
there is a finance cost which is down by around ₹15 crores because last quarter we booked the 
charges on account of interest of EPCG. So, this is broadly on the profit and loss side. 
Coming to the segment part of it, in terms of segment results, the turnover, the revenue from 
fertilizers segment has improved, driven by the complex fertilizer, whereas it is down in case of 
chemical because of the reasons we cited and the same thing has an impact, corresponding 
impact on contribution of chemical segment. In addition to that, there are impacts related to a 
turnaround which is mainly the unproductive cost and the turnaround related cost which has 
impacted the TDI Dahej operation. And therefore, there are certain losses which are widened in 
case of Dahej.  
So, coming to the segment assets and liabilities, there are no major changes except on a YoY 
basis. There are three changes if we compare 30th of September, 2023 to September, 24, which 
is on the fertilizer segment, the asset side has gone up because the subsidy levels have gone up 
in terms of the areas. The second is unallocable portion has come down because between last 
year to this year, there are two fundamental changes. There are three elements which are 
contributing to a reduction of around ₹1469 crores in the unallocable assets, mainly because of 
the buyback of around ₹851 crores and the rest is dividend between the two periods. 
In terms of unallocated liability, there is a change of around ₹524 crores, mainly because last 
time it was accrued but paid after the 30th of September. This time it is paid well before 30th 
September. The amount pertains to mainly the dividend part of it. So, coming to balance sheet, 
there are no major changes except now in the cash flow. The two major items in the cash flow, 
one is on the financing side and the second is on the investment side. The financing side 
represents the dividend outflow which is to the tune of around ₹230 crore which is paid out and 
on the investment side, there is an advance which is given of around ₹190 crore because of the 
capital projects, mainly the weak nitric acid. So, this is what is on the cash flow. 
Apart from that, we see H2 to be relatively better because of the high available volume and no 
downtime of the sort which has happened in H1. And therefore, the H2 forecast we have is that 
of a regular realization and reasonable levels of contribution. 
With this, I am completing my opening remarks and the floor is open for questions. Thank you. 

 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 7 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin with the question and answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Nirav Jimudia from Anvil Corporation. Please go ahead. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, few questions. So, first is if you can help us understand what was the volume lost at the 
Dahej TDI-II plant in Q2. 
D. V. Parikh:                            See volume loss of Dahej actually has happened from June onwards. As far as Q2 is concerned, 
there is about t14,000 ton of volume which is affected. And if you see overall from June 
onwards, there is an impact of around 16,000 metric ton. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
So, what was the actual production or the sales between both the plants put together in Q2? 
D. V. Parikh: 
For Q2, the total volume of TDI production is 5000 metric ton. So, you can take 5000 metric ton 
of production. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Between both the plants? 
Y. N. Patel: 
Yes. For TDI-I it was 4680, for TDI-II, it was 0. Yes, around that. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
And sir, what was the PBT loss for TDI in Q2? Because I think for the first quarter you 
mentioned that it was around u 59 crores. So, what was the loss in the Q2? 
D. V. Parikh: 
PBT of Dahej? 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Yeah, PBT loss of Dahej. 
D. V. Parikh: 
See, additional contribution which we lost is around ₹62 crores. See what happens when the TDI 
is down, marketing effort is more directed towards the upstream which is CNA as well as WNA 
too. So, the net loss is quantified in terms of these effects. So, we lost around if we talk about 
only Q2, we lost about ₹170 crore in terms of realization and around ₹62 crore in terms of the 
contribution. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
So, the losses of ₹59 crores in Q1 at the PBT level for Dahej 1 plant plus another ₹62 crores, is 
that right assumption sir? 
D. V. Parikh: 
Roughly yes. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, secondly on our CNA production of 149,000 tons in FY-2024. So, I believe that to that 
extent WNA sales in the outside market would have been lower. So, if you can help us 
understand that out of 437,000 of WNA production in FY-2024-25, how much we would have 
sold in the outside market? 
Manish Upadhyay: 
I am Manish Upadhyay from marketing side. Last quarter, we sold almost 21,000 WNA in 
market. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
You are talking about Q2 right? 
Manish Upadhyay: 
Yes. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Q2, what was the figure for Q1 and FY-2024 sir? 
Manish Upadhyay: 
Last year this quarter it was 21,000 and last year also it was 22,000, 22,500 roughly. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
And sir, what was the sales volume for last full year, FY-2024-25? Last full year? 

 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 7 
Manish Upadhyay: 
Normally it is around 60,000 to 70,000, 72,000, I have to search. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
No worries sir. Sir when can we expect our CNA plant to run at optimum level? I think our 
capacity is now 1,66,000 tons. So, when can we see optimum utilization for our CNA plant? 
Y. N. Patel: 
I am Yogesh Patel answering your question. See right now, it is operating at almost 80% to 90%. 
But in last quarter, because there was no captive consumption from our Dahej complex, it was 
operating at slightly lower capacity. But now we are expecting it to run at 90% to 100% capacity. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
But sir, is it not safe to assume that, let's say if TDI is not operating and in absence of coal based 
and steam based power plant which is going to commission very shortly in FY-2025. Anyways 
there were the losses on the TDA side. So, was it not feasible due to the TDA shutdown at Dahej 
to sell that extra CNA in the market and improve the utilization rates? 
Y. N. Patel: 
Yeah we can sell it, but we are more interested in selling weak nitric acid. 
Manish Upadhyay : 
Actually it is a product mix, so which product is giving better realisation that we are selling. So, 
we are concentrating more in weak nitric acid. Last year actually I got the figure, last year we 
sold almost 88,000 tons on 100% basis, weak nitric acid. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, third question is on the ammonia side. So, like last year we produced close to around 
6,36,000 tons of ammonia. So, if you can just bifurcate in between the production which was 
meant for chemicals and production which was meant for urea and also if you can share the 
similar production numbers for ammonia for H1 of FY-2024-25? 
Y N Patel: 
Normally, ratio for fertilizer to chemical is normally 58 to 41, 42. So, in that ratio normally we 
move. So, exact figure we have to calculate based on this. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
And what was the ammonia production in H1 of FY-2024-25 and have we sold any ammonia in 
the outside market or was it utilized for our WNA production? 
Y N Patel: 
No, no we have not sold any ammonia so far. In fact to some extent, we have procured ammonia 
for our internal requirement. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, considering the ammonia production for our chemical division, what would be the annual 
requirement of that specialized oil which we are using to convert into the ammonia? Let us say 
last year if we take the ratio of 58 to 42 in terms of fertilizer to chemicals, what could be the 
requirement of oil for that ammonia production? 
D. V. Parikh: 
It is the oil requirement ranges between 250,000 metric ton to 270,000 metric ton. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
And sir are we seeing any sort of cost reduction there because in the presentation I could make 
out that the prices are fairly stable in between the quarters also like close to around u53 a kg, so 
with the crude prices falling have we seen similar amount of corrections in the oil prices or that 
is not a case? 
D. V. Parikh: 
For Q2 that is not a case, but it has not hit so much hard as compared to the Q1. If we take the 
total H1, the oil prices have not moved so significantly downward as compared to the output 
realizations. So, there are actually two elements where the cost has not moved down rather it has 

 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 7 
gone up. One is the oil for the oil based ammonia and second is the benzene on an H1 basis, 
therefore, there is a hit on account of margin pressure on account of these two products. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir one more thing which I observed from the annual report like last year we produced close to 
around one lakh ton of methanol. So, like earlier discussions you were saying that the gas prices 
has to be economical for us to produce methanol so if you can share at what level of breakeven 
gas cost would be viable to produce methanol given the current realizations of u 26, u 27 rupees 
for methanol? 
D. V. Parikh: 
It's a dynamism between the methanol realization as well as the gas price. So, it is dynamic in 
nature. But we could source this year some gas for which methanol is produced. Our operations 
head will tell the production of methanol which has happened from the procured gas in H1. 
Y. N. Patel: 
In methanol, production so far is 66,000 metric tons, but now November onwards, we have to 
again explore what are the NG prices and depending on that we will decide whether to continue 
with methanol production or we have to procure from market. As Mr. Parikh said, see there are 
two aspects. One is price of NG as well as at what price methanol we are getting. So, if we are 
getting at cheaper rate, we will continue to source from outside. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. And sir, last bit from my side is you mentioned close to around u 2200 crores of CAPEX 
between the three line of items. So, out of that, how much we have spent till now and how much 
balance would be spent in FY-2024-25 and FY-2025-26? 
D V Parikh: 
In respect of the CAPEX, there are three CAPEX. One is on the coal and gas steam and power 
plant, not the gas, coal-based power and steam plant. The CAPEX size is ₹ 613 crore. So, far we 
have expended around ₹ 250 crore on account of that. As far as ammonium makeup loop gas is 
concerned, there is no major outflow which has happened on account of this project. Third is on 
the weak nitric acid. In terms of the cash outflow, we have given advance to the tune of around 
u 190 crores. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Just a bookkeeping question sir, like cash on the books currently is close to around u 2000 crores 
and the investments which is showing of around u 2300 crores that is also parked in the liquid 
investments. So, clubbed together we have cash and cash equivalent of close to u 4300 crores? 
D. V. Parikh: 
No, it is not like that. The investment represents two things. One is GSEC, second is quoted and 
unquoted equity shares. The quoted and unquoted equity shares portion is around u 1100 crore 
out of this and we don't liquidate that and we have no intention to liquidate that because we have 
been holding for certain reasons that since beginning. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir last thing you can share on the fertilizer part like in the presentation and your opening 
remarks also you had mentioned that the fixed cost subsidies in discussion with the government. 
I think our under recovery in terms of fixed cost at the EBITDA level or losses at the EBITA 
level was close to around u 700 to u 800 rupees per metric tonne. If you can share, if anything 
comes up here in terms of the compensation for the government, would our fertilizer segment 
start earning positive contribution? 

 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 7 
D. V. Parikh: 
It all depends upon what they really provide in terms of fixed costs. So, it is premature to 
comment on such kind of conjecture. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Chetna Dharajiya: 
I am Chetna here. I extend my sincere thanks to the participants for active participation. I also 
thank the moderator and Anurag Services LLP. I also thank all the participants from 
management team. Thank you everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you ma'am. On behalf of Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 
