 
APEEJAY SURRENDRA PARK HOTELS LIMITED 
 
17 Park Street, Kolkata – 700 016 Telephone: 033 2249 9000 Fax: 033 2249 4000 
Email: resv.cal@theparkhotels.com Website: www.theparkhotels.com 
 
Registered Office: 17 Park Street, Kolkata – 700 016 Telephone: 033 2249 9000 Fax: 033 2249 4000 
Email: tpcl@theparkhotels.com Website: www.theparkhotels.com 
CIN - L85110WB1987PLC222139 
 
Date: November 20, 2024 
Listing Manager,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor Plot 
No. C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E) Mumbai – 400051, India  
Symbol: PARKHOTELS  
ISIN No.: INE988S01028 
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring Rotunda Building,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,  
Fort Mumbai – 400001, India  
Scrip Code: 544111  
ISIN No.: INE988S01028 
 
Subject: Transcript of the conference call held with Investors and Analysts on the un-audited 
financial results of the Company for the second quarter (Q2) and half-year ended on September 
30, 2024 
Respected Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call held with the 
Investors and Analysts on Wednesday, November 13, 2024, with respect to the un-audited financial 
results of the Company for the second quarter (Q2) and half-year ended on September 30, 2024. 
 
The 
transcript 
of 
the 
call 
is 
also 
uploaded 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
i.e. 
https://www.theparkhotels.com/investor-relations/financial-information.html.  
  
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours sincerely, 
For Apeejay Surrendra Park Hotels Limited 
 
 
Shalini Keshan 
(Company Secretary and Compliance Officer) 
Membership No.: ACS-014897  
 
Encl: As above 
 
SHALINI 
KESHA
N
Digitally signed 
by SHALINI 
KESHAN 
Date: 
2024.11.20 
17:35:56 +05'30'

 
 
Transcript of ASPHL Q2 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
Apeejay Surrendra Park Hotels Limited 
(ASPHL) 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 13, 2024 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the earnings conference call 
of Apeejay Surrendra Park Hotels Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir.  
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Apeejay 
Surrendra Park Hotels Q2 & H1 FY25 earnings conference call. We have with us, 
Mr. Vijay Dewan – Managing Director and Mr. Atul Khosla – SVP Finance and 
Chief Financial Officer of the Company. We will begin the call with opening 
remarks from the management, followed by an interactive Q&A session.  
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's 
call may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has been 
included in the earnings presentation shared with you earlier. I would now like to 
invite Mr. Dewan to make his opening remarks.  
Vijay Dewan: 
Thank you, Anoop, and good evening, everyone. On behalf of the management 
team at Apeejay Surrendra Park Hotels, I would like to welcome you all to our 
earnings conference call. Your confidence in our vision and business strategy is 
greatly appreciated and we are committed to delivering long-term value for all 
our shareholders.  
We are pleased to report a steady and healthy quarter two for Apeejay Surrendra 
Park Hotels Limited with consolidated revenue growth of 10% and an EBITDA 
growth of 11%. In this quarter, topline growth coupled with lower interest costs 
resulted in a remarkable PAT growth of 80% and our earnings per share 
significantly grew by 47% from 0.85 to Rs. 1.15 per share.  
Leadership in occupancy remains our biggest strength. We have India's leading 
occupancy rate of 93% in our owned hotels. We have once again achieved 
record-breaking occupancy of 100% at The Park Calcutta, 94% at The Park 
Chennai and Navi Mumbai, 93% at the Park New Delhi, 91% in Bangalore and 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q2 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
 
90% at the Park Hyderabad. We maintain our leadership in RevPAR in the upper 
upscale segment.  
Our expansion journey has made significant progress with recent openings of the 
Lotus Palace Chettinad and Ran Baas The Palace at Patiala. These luxury hotels 
are said to establish new benchmarks in palace design and customer experiences 
in the hospitality sector and will contribute positively to our ARR growth in the 
quarters and years ahead.  
Opening rates and bookings at the Lotus Palace Chettinad are in the range of Rs. 
12,000 to Rs. 20,000 and at Ran Baas The Palace at Patiala in the range of Rs. 
35,000 to Rs. 40,000. During this season between October and March, we feel 
that this range is expected to go up further.  
Currently, we operate 34 hotels totaling 2,410 keys and over the next five years, 
we plan to more than double the number of keys, taking the total number of keys 
to 5,048. This inventory of 5,048 rooms will include 830 keys, which we will build 
on our own and will be owned by us.  
Considerable progress has been made in the development of our owned hotels. 
Design and development work has commenced on all projects, including a mega 
project at Kolkata's EM Bypass. This mixed-use development, as communicated 
earlier, features 250 hotel rooms and 100 apartments, and with the sale of 
apartments, expected to generate substantial cash flows over the next three 
years. Roughly Rs. 100 crore of cash flow will be added every year from the sale 
of these apartments starting the next financial year for three years.  
Our project team is diligently working to expedite our development plans. The 
200-room, The Park Pune, is now on course to open in April 2027. The Park Vizag 
additional 100 rooms by October 2027 and the Park EM Bypass Kolkata by April 
2028.  
Our cash approvals arising out of operations and sale proceeds of apartments 
will keep us net cash positive throughout the development cycle and this is a 
significant part of our strategy. The 10 lakh square feet of development adding 
830 rooms is actually on our legacy land parcels and will ensure high IRRs for 
these projects in the range of 30% to 40%.  
We expect ROCE to go up from the present level of 12.5% to over 20% in the 
years to come. During the course of this year, we have refurnished and renovated 
over 100 rooms, and these will significantly help us in improving our ARRs in the 
quarters ahead.  
Our F&B segment continues to be the cornerstone of our business. Flurys, our 
iconic brand, added 10 new stores this quarter, bringing us closer to the 
milestone of 100 locations. Over the next five years, we aim to approximately add 
250 new Flurys outlets, significantly enhancing our presence and market share in 
the fast-growing bakery and confectionery sector.  

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q2 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
 
Now with 16 outlets, we have a very strong presence in Mumbai. New flagship 
stores have recently opened in BKC and Lower Parel and during this quarter, we 
have also entered the cities of Hyderabad in Siliguri.  
Coming to our current financial performance; - Consolidated total income Q2 FY 
25 stood at Rs. 156 crore, reflecting a healthy 10.5% Y-o-Y growth. RevPAR 
reached 6,440 supported by a steady ARR of 6,888. ARR growth Y-o-Y has been 
5.2%, RevPAR growth has been close to 7%.  
Normalized EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 57 crore, marking 11.3% Y-o-Y 
growth, with margins holding at 36.7%. Going forward, the Company will 
continue to focus on operational efficiencies and maintain its leadership in the 
upper upscale segment.  
The F&B segment contributed 38% of total income in Q2 FY25. Flurys business 
achieved remarkable growth of 41% Y-o-Y for Q2 and a staggering triple-digit 
growth during this period. Looking ahead, our goal for each mature Flurys stores 
is to achieve a revenue milestone of Rs. 1 crore annually in the coming years, 
reflecting our confidence in this vertical, which we believe has the potential to 
become one of the strongest pan-India brands. We expect the Flurys business to 
grow at 40% by the end of this year.  
The Company's profit before tax stood at Rs. 39 crore in Q2 FY25, achieving an 
82% Y-o-Y growth. This performance was supported by a notable reduction in 
interest costs following the repayment of our debt. As a result, normalized PAT 
for the quarter reached Rs. 27 crore, demonstrating an impressive 80% Y-o-Y 
growth.  
Overall, our performance in Q2 FY25 has been encouraging, reflecting 
considerable progress toward our long-term strategic vision. This vision includes 
the expansion of our hotel portfolio, strengthening our F&B segment and the 
introduction of innovative offerings that further solidify our market leadership in 
the upper-upscale segment.  
Our strategy is firmly anchored in the synergy of 3Gs, driving simultaneous 
growth, governance and being green. Initiatives to forge a sustainable and 
durable future for our shareholders, employees and the society at large. We plan 
to achieve waste management neutrality by '25, water neutrality by '28 and 
carbon neutrality by '32. We are in the starting phase of the hospitality sector 
super cycle and expect this cycle to last for over a decade, if not more.  
The industry's growth will be driven by improved connectivity, increased 
business travel, recovery of FTAs and the expansion of the middle-income 
segment. Spiritual tourism, weddings, MICE, events and wildlife tourism and a 
new segment of de-leisure are also expected to contribute to the sector's growth. 
We expect sustained double-digit growth in our business in the quarters ahead.  
In conclusion, I would like to express my gratitude to all our shareholders, 
customers, team members, well-wishers, friends and business partners for their 
trust in us. Thank you.  

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q2 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the Q&A session. The first question is from the line of Archana 
Gude from IDBI Capital.   
Archana Gude: 
I have two questions. Firstly on the hotel segment, while this increase in 
occupancy by 130 bps on same quarter last year is commendable, this 5.2% 
increase in ADR looks subdued given the industry has witnessed almost 7% to 
9% growth in ADR in Q2 FY25. So, what kind of growth rate should be pencil-in 
for H2 FY25 in ADR?  
Vijay Dewan: 
See, firstly, there is a huge demand-supply mismatch, which continues in the 
industry. And particularly, firstly, the demand is expected to continue to grow at 
the rate of 10.6% and the supply side is only going to be at 8%. More importantly 
here, that in the key growth markets where we are present, the supply is actually 
going to grow only by 5% and the demand is expected to be at 9.2%. So, based 
on these statistics, we strongly feel that our growth rate will be in excess of 10% 
in terms of ARRs. Another very significant point is that we are now entering the 
festive and wedding season. This will also help in terms of the business and in 
terms of the ARRs going up. Last year, the ARR during H2 actually increased by 
close to 15%. And this year also, we expect that the ARRs would increase 
definitely in double-digits going forward.  
Archana Gude: 
That is helpful. On the Flurys, again we had another quarter of strong 
performance. Can you give us growth on Q-o-Q basis on the same store, like 
compared to Q2 FY24 versus Q2 FY25 on same store basis?  
Atul Khosla: 
Same store basis, the growth in Mumbai it is 30% and overall, it is 10%.  
Archana Gude: 
Okay. And, you said that Flurys would grow at 40% in FY25 versus FY24. 
Obviously, the growth will be driven by the higher number of Flurys. For a longer 
term, what kind of store per revenue we should model in for, let's say, 3 years 
down the line, as we said the number of 150 plus stores. 
Vijay Dewan: 
So, as I mentioned, firstly, we are going to be more focused on opening more 
cafes and tea rooms. Our earlier strategy was to have a blend of kiosk cafes and 
tea rooms. There is a slight change in strategy. We are going to be opening more 
cafes and more tea rooms. As you would have seen, there are more cafes and 
tea rooms in the city of Mumbai because we feel that after understanding the 
business, we feel that this is the best way forward for us. And we feel that in each 
of the stores, we have to bring them to a level of Rs. 1 crore per store. And so, 
expect this kind of growth, which we are showing in the range of 25% to 30% to 
continue in the years ahead as we take the stores from close to 100 to about 350 
over the next five years.  
Archana Gude: 
And lastly, if you can touch upon the margins in Flurys for kiosks, cafes and tea 
rooms respectively.  
Vijay Dewan: 
So, margins, we have been very strong in our margins in our Flurys business. For 
H1, the margin has been at 10% but bulk of the business of Flurys takes place in 
H2. And we have always delivered industry-leading margins. And at the end of 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q2 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
 
this financial year, we will deliver 18% to 20% EBITDA margin in the Flurys 
business.  
Archana Gude: 
But my question was more of, as you said, we will be focusing more on cafes and 
tea rooms. What kind of margins it will have compared to kiosks? I just wanted to 
understand.  
Atul Khosla: 
See in tea room, I will just give you the EBIT. In case of tearoom, as we opened 
in Mumbai, near the Gateway of India; so overall, the margin is 20% and for that 
tearoom margin will be around 35%. The cafe margin is also higher. Kiosk margin 
is on the lower side. So example, a standalone tearoom will give me a payback 
of about 30%, a 3-years payback, whereas Mumbai one will give a much higher 
payback, about 1.5, 2 years. But in the case of other cafes would give 1.5 years 
of payback, so 2 years payback. So, you can say the margins are also above 20% 
in cafe and tearoom. But in the case of kiosk, the margins are on a lower side. 
And earlier mix had more of a kiosk, now the mix is towards the cafe and the tea 
room. So, therefore, the margins are expected to be over 20% and 21%. Kiosk 
you can say is about 10% of the margin. Kiosk and cafe are about 15% to 20% 
and tea room is higher, 30%.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sagarika Chetty from Anand Rathi Shares 
and Stock Brokers.   
Sagarika Chetty: 
I just wanted to understand that what kind of ARRs, and occupancy levels are we 
looking at currently in our Park Chettinad and Patiala property, which we recently 
opened?  
Vijay Dewan: 
So, these are super luxury properties and on a YTD basis these occupancies 
would be in the range of 40% to 50%. But the ARRs are going to be record 
breaking or market leading ARRs in the cities of their operations. As I mentioned 
that we are already in the range of Rs. 12,000 to Rs. 20,000 for The Park Chettinad, 
for the Lotus Palace Chettinad. And for Ran Baas The Palace at Patiala, we are 
currently doing ARR of Rs. 35,000 and it is expected to be, actually at the end of 
the year, it could be anywhere between Rs. 40,000 to Rs. 50,000 or even higher. 
Currently the hotel is going to be absolutely full between our first set of full 
bookings as this is the season time is from the 15th to the 18th and all these rooms 
are booked at Rs. 35,000. So, as I mentioned that we expect the occupancies on 
a yearly basis to be in the range of 40% to 50% in both the hotels.  
Sagarika Chetty: 
On the CAPEX outlook, has there been any change or it remains the same at Rs. 
1.5 to Rs. 1.7 billion as you have guided before?  
Atul Khosla: 
CAPEX, can you just repeat the question? How much is the guidance you are 
asking?  
Sagarika Chetty: 
I wanted to understand what the CAPEX guidance for FY25 is?  
Atul Khosla: 
We have said the CAPEX will remain in the range of Rs. 150 crore to Rs. 160 crore. 
That will remain the same.  

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q2 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
 
Sagarika Chetty: 
Okay, so there is no change on that stand, correct?  
Atul Khosla: 
No change.  
Sagarika Chetty: 
And thirdly in terms of Flurys expansion, are you looking at targeting the same 
cities as currently or are you looking at other geographies as well in your plan of 
taking the number to 350 in the next five years?  
Vijay Dewan: 
So we have a properly laid out plan. As we have mentioned earlier, we are in a 
very strong position in West Bengal where we have 64 outlets in the city of 
Calcutta itself and overall, in the state of West Bengal we have close to 75 outlets. 
We have opened 16 stores, as I mentioned, in Mumbai and we have stores 
opening in Hyderabad.  So, the new market which we have entered is the market 
of Hyderabad where we plan to have at least by the end of this financial year, we 
should have hit 10 stores in Hyderabad. Our flagship store in Hyderabad, which 
is a 1,000 square feet key room is expected to open this month itself at Banjara 
Hills. So, we plan after consolidating in Hyderabad, we will enter the city of Delhi 
where work is about to commence in terms of the setting up of the commissary 
and this commissary, which we are setting up in Delhi which will be ready in the 
first half of the next financial year, is actually going to service the whole of North 
India. Once we are ready, we plan to have, next year about 20 outlets in the city 
of Delhi and similarly, equal number of outlets next year in North India, because 
we will be able to, the way the plan and the roll out is that we will have one strong 
commissary, a big commissary in Delhi and from there we plan to service the 
cities in and around Delhi, Chandigarh, Lucknow, Kanpur, Jaipur. So, virtually, all 
the cities which are in North India in and around Delhi will be covered and the 
expansion plan is very robust and once we have consolidated in North India, we 
plan to enter the cities of Bangalore and Chennai. So, taking the total number of 
outlets at the end of five years to 350 and our plan to add 40 to 50 outlets virtually 
every year. And this has been demonstrated by us. We have opened almost 20 
outlets this year and 20 more outlets are about to open in the remaining five 
months of this financial year. In fact, we are working on a new plan to further fast-
track Flurys growth and possibly, we will make an announcement in the next 
earnings call as to at what speed we will be growing Flurys, and it will be definitely 
at a much faster speed.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sarthak Awasthi from IDBI Capital and 
Securities.  
Sarthak Awasthi: 
My question is on Flurys. Which city's expansions are we planning after Mumbai? 
Like, we have expanded really well in Mumbai, so then, which major city we are 
targeting?  
Vijay Dewan: 
So, as I mentioned, let me tell you in much greater detail as to what's happening 
in this quarter itself. I plan to open about 12 stores of Flurys within this quarter. 3 
outlets are going to open in West Bengal, 5 in Hyderabad, 2 in Indore and 2 more 
in Bhubaneswar.  
 
In quarter four, we plan to open another 3 outlets in West Bengal, 3 in Mumbai 
and 5 more in Hyderabad. So, taking the total number of stores in Hyderabad to 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q2 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
 
10 and taking the total number of stores in Mumbai past the 20 mark. And next 
year, we enter the city of Delhi, where we open 20 stores. And during the course 
of the next financial year, we will continue to build on the cities where we already 
are, that is in Calcutta, in Mumbai and Hyderabad to deliver 50 stores by the end 
of the next financial year. And there on, as I mentioned, we will enter the city of 
Bangalore and Chennai.  
Sarthak Awasthi: 
How is the wedding season looking currently? Like what kind of bookings we 
have for the December and the season of the wedding? 
Vijay Dewan: 
So, this year has been a very unusual year in terms of the wedding because the 
bulk of the weddings, the 30 wedding dates are actually in the second half of the 
year, which is centered from now right up to March, which is a good thing. And 
this will really propel the hospitality business, not only for us, but for industry. 
We are well booked on all the wedding dates in our hotel.  
 
Most important thing other than weddings that The Park's biggest advantage is 
in running nightclubs, bars. So, we are very strong in the entertainment space. 
And this is looking strong now from here onwards, right up to the end of March. 
And we have planned a series of entertainment events and festive season events 
around Christmas and New Year where we expect very high revenues going 
forward.  
Sarthak Awasthi: 
What is the plan for adding hotels under the management contracts; what is the 
pipeline for that?  
Vijay Dewan: 
So, as I mentioned earlier that we have currently 2,410 keys. We plan to double 
our inventory over the next five years. And currently, we have 1,050 keys at the 
moment on the management side. And we have 259 keys on the lease side of the 
business.  
 
So, the management side of the business where we have 1,050 keys, we plan to 
add close to about 1,750 keys over the next five years, taking the total number of 
keys on the management side of the business to 2,776.  
 
On the lease side of the business also, we are going to be adding keys. So, we 
plan to add about 82 keys there taking it to 341. And lastly, on the ownership side 
of the business, where we have 1,101 keys, we plan to add 830 keys or even more 
and take it to 1,931 keys. So, total number of keys will increase from 2,410 to 
5,048.  
 
So, during the course of this year itself, we are going to open about 160 rooms, 
out of which The Ran Baas The Palace is 35 rooms, which actually just opened 
on November 1st. Then we have Zone Connect Prayagraj, which is 40 rooms, 
Zone Connect Ranthambore, 47 rooms, which is a property on lease and Zone 
Connect Jaisalmer, which is 38 rooms. So, total of 160 rooms are going to open 
in H2.  
 
The most important thing is these two properties on lease, which is a 50-year 
lease for the Ran Baas Palace and of course the property in Ranthambore, which 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q2 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
 
is close to 50 rooms. The Ran Baas the Palace has already opened. The 
Ranthambore property should open towards the end of December or early 
January, adding another 50 rooms.  
Sarthak Awasthi: 
Why kiosk has so less margin as compared to cafe and tearoom; what is the 
reason behind it?  
Vijay Dewan: 
Kiosk also has lower investments. So, let's look at how the Flurys's structure is in 
terms of the investment. The Kiosk costing has roughly about 20 to 25 lakhs. So, 
the return is proportionate to that. And then we have the cafes which are in the 
range of Rs. 40 lakhs to Rs. 50 lakhs per cafe. And then we have the tearoom, 
which is the size is anywhere between 800 to 1,000 square feet and the cost is in 
or around Rs. 1 crore. So, the return of 10%, 20% and 30% EBITDA for these 
outlets is based on the investments which we are making.  
 
So, the sizes are also Kiosk, in fact, our margins are industry leading margins 
because we have standardized it to the extent that we get industry leading 
margins, whether it is kiosk, cafe or restaurant. The critical thing is the size in the 
Kiosk. Typically, the competitors are doing the kiosk in the range of 120 to 150 
square feet, whereas in our case, the kiosk size is anywhere between 80 to 120 
square feet.  
 
As you would have seen at Terminal 2 in Mumbai, we have two kiosks, one at 
gate number 41, the second is between number 46 and 47. So, they are in the 
range of that 80 square feet to get to the maximum return.  
Sarthak Awasthi: 
So, if we add more CAPEX in Kiosk, so that will lead to better margins if we have 
more square feet area, that's what the rationale is?  
Vijay Dewan: 
You are absolutely right there. So, what we have done is that we have kept the 
Kiosk model, largely it's going to be confined to the airports. Presently, we are 
present in four airports, that is Calcutta, Bhubaneswar, Durgapur and Mumbai. 
We plan to capture all metro city airports at least in the next five years or even 
earlier through the kiosk model. But in most of the other high street and malls, 
we will be having cafes and restaurants.  
 
I do not know if you have had the chance in Mumbai to be at BKC in the Crescenzo 
building. It is also now, it's a cafe, but it is our flagship cafe. Similarly, in the OWC 
at Lower Parel, if you have had the chance to visit, it is also another flagship cafe 
of ours. So, in high street and in business complexes, as well as in malls, we plan 
to have cafes and at the airport we definitely plan to have kiosks, or we are going 
to be present in the food court. In Bombay we have entered the food court at T2, 
and this store is also extremely successful.  
Sarthak Awasthi: 
So when it comes to kiosk, we will only focus on airports or we will go to metro 
stations and all because that is one area where we can also focus? 
Vijay Dewan: 
So, far we have to analyze, we have to do a little bit more research in terms of 
the railways or metro stations. Our previous experience has not been as exciting. 
In fact, we did open some stores because people have very limited time at hand. 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q2 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
 
So, our experience has been that stores generally do not do so well in metro 
stations because people have very limited time, and the customer is of a very 
different segment and the capacity to buy. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pranay Shah from Anand Rathi.   
Pranay Shah: 
I have a couple of questions on the ARR side. So, you mentioned that in H2 we 
are expecting around 15% ARR. What gives us the confidence to grow at that 
level? So, it would be more on the renovated rooms which are coming and the 
palaces which are there, or it is something else, like how do you see that?  
Vijay Dewan: 
So, it is a combination of all the three things which you have mentioned. The 
palace hotels are definitely going to add to the ARR growth, and our confidence 
comes from how the hospitality industry behaves. The second half is always a 
stronger half and last year and compared to the previous year, that is '22-'23 to 
'23-'24, we had registered a 15% ARR growth which actually increased from 6,600 
in '22-'23 to 7,700, which is a 15% increase. And our confidence comes from that. 
So, there is no reason that we will not achieve a double-digit ARR growth in 
Quarter 3 and Quarter 4. And this is going to be also backed by newly refurbished 
and renovated rooms and also backed by the high ARRs of the Palace hotels.  
Pranay Shah: 
So sir, just in that, what percentage of our current rooms are under renovation 
and when do you expect the renovation activity to be completed, and we can see 
the full impact of that new refurbished rooms to back the ARRs? 
Vijay Dewan: 
Most of the refurbished rooms are back with us. Because of the high occupancy 
of 90% plus, we can only take roughly about 10% of our inventory under 
refurbishment or renovation. So, most of the rooms, barring 24 rooms at New 
Delhi, are back with us. And the 24 new rooms at Delhi are also expected to be 
back with us during the course of this month.  
Pranay Shah: 
And one question specifically on the market of, like in the Navi Mumbai property, 
we are seeing an occupancy of around +90% and 94% which is nice compared 
to the industry which are having a higher occupancy. But then on the ARR basis, 
we are at the lower end of the ARR as compared to the industry that is in the Navi 
Mumbai. So, being such a high occupancy, what is impacting our capability to 
charge higher ARRs over there?  
Vijay Dewan: 
So, let me first tell you as to how the ARRs have behaved in Quarter 2 in the city 
of Mumbai. As per the HBS support, the city of Mumbai had an ARR increase of 
13% to 15% in Quarter 2 compared to Y-to-Y basis. And in our case, the ARR 
increase in Navi Mumbai, I am saying not in Mumbai, has been at 11% and it is 
in line with the business, with the trend in the market.  
 
And let me tell you one very significant thing about Navi Mumbai. We have 
opened a new bar outlet at Navi Mumbai. Also, we have currently 80 rooms and 
we were planning to add 80 more rooms in our expansion plan. Now we planned, 
we have been in touch with the corporation there in Navi Mumbai and we have, 
instead of, we were to add 1 lakh square feet, but we have now found out that we 
are entitled to a total FSI built up of about 4 lakh square feet. So, instead of adding 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q2 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
 
and making it like a 160-room hotel, this is actually, over the next four or five 
years, it's going to be actually a 300-room hotel in Navi Mumbai. So, it's going to, 
and because this is already part of our balance sheet, this will add tremendous 
value as we go along for our shareholders and for our business.  
Pranay Shah: 
And on the Flurys side, you said that there is a change of the strategy, like you 
would look forward for rapid expansion. So, are we exploring the franchise route 
on that front? And secondly, we see that the margins in H2 we had put in 7.8% 
and FY24, it is around 18%-odd on the EBITDA front. So, we are expecting the 
margin to peak at around 22%-23% range for the Flurys. So, what peak margins 
are we expecting to be contribution point from the Flurys? 
Atul Khosla: 
Firstly, we are on a rental model, we want to reach at the 300 plus target of Flurys 
over 4 to 5 years in turnover. Then we may look at the franchise; at present we 
are not looking at the franchise model. That could be the second stage, we may 
look at that growth. In terms of, you are right, as the mix of Flurys model is 
changing, we will be looking at peak margins could from the range of 18% to 
20%-22%.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anuj Kashyap, an individual investor.  
Anuj Kashyap: 
In the presentation it is mentioned that we will look for organic and inorganic 
opportunities. So, is there anything on the table right now? 
Atul Khosla : 
We are exploring inorganic opportunities, which are acquisition including lease. 
One lease we have just specified, 50 room on lease, which has been concluded 
at the stage, which is the Ranthambore property. So, ready-made rooms now will 
be available from December or early January. We are trying additional lease 
properties also and, acquisition opportunities. But they are under discussion. We 
will share regarding them as the conclusions are done because we cannot at 
present share due to confidentiality. 
Anuj Kashyap: 
What I could understand is that Flurys is very niche business for you, like you 
have some unique business model or the offerings which are not present right 
now in many cities. But what is our strategy to fight the local competition which 
every city has some unique cafes and all? What is our strategy in regard to that? 
Vijay Dewan: 
So, Flurys is actually an iconic heritage brand out of Calcutta and the recipes, the 
craftsmanship of Flurys is fully preserved to give our customers a unique 
experience in confections. So, this is being carefully planned that we are able to 
provide consistency in our product. And we definitely have competition in mind. 
The new age competitors which have just come into the market as well as 
international brands. So, we are constantly monitoring, and we feel that the 
bakery and confectionery business is the fastest growing business. This 
confectionery and cafe business is the fastest growing business in the market. 
And there are very few players in this. There are a lot of players in the cafe 
segment or in the coffee segment. But in real sense, there is no real pan-India 
player on the bakery confectionery and cafe side. And we want to occupy the 
space, and we feel that we are totally on track to occupy that space to lead the 
market.  

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q2 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
 
 
The Flurys' differentiating factor is a combination of confection, celebration and 
cafe. So, the confectionery element, which is the cakes and the pastries along 
with cafe gives Flurys that added edge that you are coming to Flurys for the 
product, you are coming to Flurys for the environment, and you are coming to 
Flurys for celebration. And this is the differentiating factor which currently we feel 
is that there is no player in this segment offering this.  
Anuj Kashyap: 
Sir, you answered on the very line which I was wanting to focus this. So, the USP 
which is very unique to Flurys Kolkata will be maintained all over India, I am right?  
Vijay Dewan: 
Yes, the heritage, the recipes.  
Anuj Kashyap: 
The taste and all? 
Vijay Dewan: 
Yes, it is there, and if you see the products which we have, there is some 
innovation on products. There is no substitute to innovation. So, we maintain our 
fastest selling items in all cities whether it is Bhubaneswar, Bombay or Siliguri. 
So, the heritage is preserved plus there is innovation on products. So, we have 
demonstrated that through high growth in the city of Mumbai. The same store 
growth in Mumbai is in excess of 30% and growth in the Mumbai market is in 
triple digits which is obviously also related to new stores opening. So, we are 
going to preserve the heritage of the brand. And in fact, the entire Flurys has got 
completely reorganized in terms of design but yet maintaining the element of 
Kolkata to it which you would have seen. So, as we entered at the Gateway of 
India, we had clearly said that one heritage brand has arrived from one city to the 
other city at Mumbai.  
Anuj Kashyap: 
Sir, the locations which you mentioned, the legend of Kolkata is in legend of 
Mumbai, like Gateway of India, metaphorically. So, the locations which you are 
choosing, like you said in Hyderabad, you are going to open in Banjara Hills. So, 
your main idea of my moat question is, are you going for the main prime hubs of 
the main cities, like what is your strategy for locations?  
Vijay Dewan: 
So, locations are obviously selected very carefully, whether it is the locations 
even at the airport. We were not present earlier in Bombay. So, we made a lot of 
effort to be there. So, we have entered the food court at the T2 terminal. We plan 
to be at T1 also at the moment in the arrival area. That will be our first store in T1.  
 
These stores are selected with great degree of care. They have to be at the 
location which is very critical in this business. And if you were to see all the new 
stores, which have opened in Mumbai, they are at the best locations. Whether it 
is at the airport, whether it is at the Apollo Bandar in Colaba, whether it is at 
Colaba Causeway, whether it is in Lower Parel in OWC, or whether it is in Thane 
in the Viviana Mall, or whether it is at Malad in the Inorbit Mall, the locations are 
very, very carefully selected.  
 
We are very particular in terms of the footfalls at these locations, as well as if it is 
a high street location, like in Kolkata, we are obviously at Park Street, but the 
second tearoom we open is at Jatin Bagchi Road. There also we have selected a 
heritage property, and it is the hub of food and beverage activity. Then we are at 

 
Transcript of ASPHL Q2 FY25 Earnings Call  
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
 
South City Mall within the food court in Kolkata, and we have selected an 
outstanding location for a tearoom in Salt Lake in Kolkata.  
 
So, we see the footfall, we see the location. It has to be a good location, it has to 
be a reputed mall or a reputed area in a high street. So, it is carefully done. And 
then, of course, the rental, the size is very critical. And then, of course, based on 
the assessment, then only the investment decision is made.  
Anuj Kashyap: 
And what is the average time for a store to breakeven? 
Atul Khosla: 
The store normally break-evens in 3 to 4 months.  
Anuj Kashyap: 
That is quite a good number. And like, in our balance sheet or in total revenue, 
the 44% is weightages of food and beverages. So, as you said that we have 
independent bars or independent restaurants, like one in Jio Drive, I think. So, 
what is the margin number, like those margins are always more than the hotel, 
restaurants or the hotel food and beverage side, am I right?  
Atul Khosla: 
See, the F&B, when you ask for the F&B, the gross margin is about 70%, but the 
margin from F&B is around 40%.  
Anuj Kashyap: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over 
to the management for the closing comments.  
Vijay Dewan: 
I would like to thank everyone for attending this call and for showing interest in 
Apeejay Surrendra Park Hotels. I hope we have been able to answer all your 
questions. Should you actually need any further clarification or would like to know 
more about our Company, please feel free to reach out to us or to CDR India. And 
thank you once again for taking time to join the call and see you all next quarter 
and wish you a very Happy New Year. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
On behalf of Apeejay Surrendra Park Hotels Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: This document is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. While 
the transcript has been edited for clarity, the Company takes no responsibility for such 
errors. Efforts have been made to ensure a high level of accuracy, and any figures that 
may have been inadvertently mentioned have been reviewed and corrected as 
necessary. 
 
