 
 
 
 
 
 
Ref: HIL/SE/2024-25/055 
November 14, 2024 
 
To  
BSE Limited  
P.J.Towers, Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001  
To  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
Scrip Code: 509675  
Scrip Symbol: HIL  
Through: BSE Listing Centre               Through: NEAPS 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investors’ Conference Call on Q2FY25 Financial Results        
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI LODR Regulations, 2015  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letters dated November 5, 2024 and November 8, 2024, please 
find attached transcript of Investors’ Conference Call held on November 8, 2024 on 
the unaudited standalone and consolidated financial results of the Company for the 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024. 
 
A copy of the said transcript is uploaded on the website of the Company www.hil.in. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
For HIL Limited 
 
 
 
Nidhi Bisaria  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No. 5634 
 
Encls. As stated 
NIDHI 
BISARIA
Digitally signed 
by NIDHI BISARIA 
Date: 2024.11.14 
10:46:16 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 20 
 
HIL Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
November 08, 2024 
 
Mit Shah: 
Thank you, Yashashri. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to HIL 
Limited's Q2 and H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call for Investors and Analysts.  
Today, we have with us Mr. Akshat Seth, Managing Director and CEO of the company; 
and Mr. Ajay Kapadia, CFO. We will first have Mr. Akshat Seth making his opening 
remarks, and he will be followed by Mr. Ajay, who will take you through the financial 
perspectives. 
 
Before we begin, I'd like to point out that certain statements made in today's call could 
be forward-looking in nature, and details in this regard are available in the earnings 
presentation, which has been shared with you earlier. 
 
I'd like to invite Mr. Akshat Seth to present his views on the performance and strategic 
imperatives that lie ahead. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Akshat Seth: 
Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I'm happy to 
talk through HIL's performance for the second quarter of the financial year 2025 and to 
provide an update on the progress we are making on our strategic plans.  
We've concluded what by any standards would be called a tough quarter. So, we've 
concluded Quarter 2 FY25. For this year so far, we have maintained a consistent 7% to 
8% growth momentum in a largely indifferent external environment, which has been 
marked by weaker macroeconomic and demand cues. At a consolidated level, the 
company reported a revenue of Rs. 774 crore with a PBT of Rs. 6 crore.  
At a headline level, across our product categories, we have delivered category-leading 
volume growth and gained market share both in India and in Parador. With a slew of 
cost management measures, we have limited the impact of a weak price regime on 
profitability. 
 
Let me walk you through the various segments and how it's panned out, but the themes 
are consistent to the headlines that I shared.  
In Pipes and Fitting, we recorded strong volume growth of 63% year-on-year and 
revenue growth of 46% at a year-on-year basis and this significantly outpaces the 
market and peer performance. We have fully integrated our recent acquisition of 
Crestia and expected synergies are being realized. Specifically, at Crestia, we have 

 
Page 2 of 20 
accelerated the retail sales engine. On the other hand, in JJM and B2G sales, we expect 
a recovery from the low volumes of H1 with Government spending coming back on track 
in the second half of the year. 
 
Q2 in the Pipes and Fitting segments witnessed a near 15% to 17% drop in resin prices 
from the peak of Q1, resulting in demand headwinds for the segment. We believe the 
resin prices have now stabilized with some bias towards upward movement seen in 
recent weeks. And as that sentiment firms up, we expect to see a revival in channel 
demand. This will also help restore profitability in the segment for us. 
 
We continue to rapidly scale up our Construction Chemicals business, and we achieved 
a 29% year-on-year revenue growth in this segment. Specifically, the Tiling segment, 
which has been a core focus area for us, grew nearly 60% over last year. We are also 
introducing new products in the category to offer a more comprehensive product 
portfolio to our customers in the specific subsegment that we have chosen to play in 
the larger Construction Chemical space. 
 
In Roofing Solutions, despite an estimated industry degrowth of about 10%, we 
managed to increase our market share by nearly 100 basis points. We expanded our 
footprint and directly serviced more than 11,000 stores and grew our partner base by 
6% during the quarter. We continue to improve our market positioning by focusing on 
value-added products such as Ultra Cool sheets, roofing accessories to name a few. 
 
On Building Solutions side, we are recording steady volume growth with Blocks growing 
by over 8% during the quarter. We will also be commissioning the second line at our 
Chennai plant in Quarter 3, which will double the capacity in that region for us and help 
us further grow our market share in the strategically important southern market.  
This performance in India is in the context of lower Government spending, inclement 
weather conditions, weaker demand and adverse raw material price movements, 
especially in the case of PVC resin. All these factors contributed to a weaker pricing and 
margin regime for our products. However, sustained efforts around material and labour 
costs as well as working capital and inventory helped limit the impact of these factors. 
 
For instance, in Building Solutions and in Construction Chemicals, we have expanded 
our margins despite lower pricing by about 250 to 350 basis points. Further ongoing 
initiatives on logistics and energy costs in partnership with external experts will deliver 
more value impact in the quarters to come. 
 
At Parador, we grew our volumes by 12% and the revenue by 8% in a market which by 
all estimates has declined by nearly 10% in this period. This industry-beating 
performance is driven by share gain in our core European markets with new products, 
new customers, including the commercial segment and renewed sales and marketing 
efforts. We expect this momentum to become stronger as our geographical expansion 
to markets such as Americas come to fruition in the coming quarters. On cost side, we 
have undertaken a comprehensive exercise of lean optimization, particularly to address 

 
Page 3 of 20 
manpower cost. The impact of that will be visible in the months of quarter 3 and quarter 
4, but that exercise is now fully concluded. 
 
Apart from negotiating the current scenario at an overall HIL level, we have sustained 
our investments towards ‘Reimagined HIL’ with intensified efforts towards new 
products, reenergizing our brand, marketing and technology platforms and 
strengthening our teams. Some of these initiatives include our innovation and new 
product development engine, which is running at full steam with various new products 
that have been launched in the last few months. Importantly, we have a strong pipeline 
and hopefully, in the next quarterly meet that we have, we will be able to share a few 
interesting developments across the Pipes segment and also the Building Solutions 
segment in that conversation. 
 
Our digitalization initiatives are leading to not only upgrading the core enterprise and 
data systems, but also building the platform for stronger customer management, data 
analytics and efficient operations. For instance, in Quarter 2, the key milestone was the 
go-live of our SAP S/4HANA upgrade and the launch of our lead management system, 
which is now serving to unify our B2B activities across our various product segments. 
 
In this quarter, we have also undertaken a comprehensive value enhancement exercise 
with an external partner to identify and implement larger pools of value in our P&L. We 
expect full savings from this exercise to start becoming fully visible from FY26 onwards. 
In addition, we have also built a strong momentum in our manufacturing excellence 
initiative that will help drive productivity, efficiency and quality across all our 
operations. 
 
As I've shared with this group in the past, over the last year, we have invested in our 
leadership and frontline teams in both India and at Parador, injecting agility and 
empowerment to win in our defined product markets. A key testament to HIL being 
ranked as number 12 in India amongst the Best Places to Work by the GPTW Institute 
for 2024. We have also been ranked number 41 in Asia and amongst the top 10 best 
places to work for millennials in the large company category. 
 
Looking ahead, we are optimistic about the demand outlook for H2. While we anticipate 
a stronger performance in the coming quarters driven by increased volumes and 
sustained demand, we will continue to work towards margin improvement. Our several 
initiatives to control costs and optimize processes across our product segment will help 
us maintain competitive margins and resilience in the face of any volatile external 
environment. 
 
With that, I'll conclude my remarks and hand the baton to Ajay to present a detailed 
overview of our financial performance for the quarter. Thank you, everyone, for your 
time and attention. Over to you, Ajay. 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Thank you, Akshat, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to present an overview 
of our financial performance in and our personal highlights for the second quarter of 
FY25.  

 
Page 4 of 20 
In a quarter marked by modest demand and heightened competition, we delivered 
steady results with volume growth across most of our major segments. Our 
consolidated revenues increased by 7% year-on-year to Rs. 774 crore for the quarter 
and 8% to Rs. 1,881 crore for the first half of the year. 
 
Roofing Solutions segment declined by 3% year-on-year due to incessant rains 
generating revenues of Rs. 200 crore in quarter 2. This performance is in the context of 
10% decline in volume for the industry. We continue to strengthen our position in the 
market and building further customer loyalty by channel engagement.  
The Building Solutions segment perform steady in which volume growth in all categories 
reporting revenue of Rs. 131 crore growing by 3% in quarter 2 over last year. 
 
In the Polymer Solutions business, we achieved a 27% year-on-year revenue growth 
amounting to Rs. 165 crore during the quarter. This growth was bolstered by our recent 
acquisition of Crestia in the Eastern region. Within this segment, the Pipes and Fittings 
business experienced a 63% increase in volume and 46% growth in revenue year-on-
year reaching to Rs. 124 for the quarter. 
 
Our Flooring Solutions represented by Parador brand grew by 8% year-on-year, 
generating revenue of Rs. 278 crore in this quarter. Despite ongoing market challenges, 
Parador's order booking remained robust. We have introduced several new products 
across categories to capture a larger market share and are focusing on overseas market 
as part of our strategic expansion.  
The operating margin was impacted due to our “ahead of the curve” investments for 
Growth in people, technology and marketing activities as well as adverse price trend in 
the market. However, our continuous efforts on enhancing operational efficiencies, 
including improvements in sourcing cost management and value enhancement 
initiatives are yielding sustainable improvements in our margin performance. 
 
Consolidated PBT for the quarter stood at Rs. 6 crore compared to a loss of Rs. 25 crore 
last year. This includes exceptional income on account of sale of assets. Our focus on 
working capital optimization remained a priority.  
At the consolidated level, our total debt was Rs. 683 crore with debt-equity ratio stands 
at 0.53 as of September 30, 2024. We remain confident in our ability to expand our 
performance footprint and generate healthy cash flows.  
That concludes my opening remarks. I now invite the moderator to open the floor for 
questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We'll take 
first question from the line of Aditya from Securities Investment Management. Please 
go ahead. 
Aditya: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is on Parador. Sir, in spite of 
revenue increasing by around 7% in H1, our losses have increased from Rs. 58 crore to 

 
Page 5 of 20 
Rs. 72 crore. So, if you could just help us understand what is leading to higher losses in 
spite of revenue increasing because we have been undertaking these cost-saving 
initiatives since around, I think, the last 3 to 4 quarters, but no benefits seem to be 
accruing to us. So, if you just elaborate why the losses increased in spite of increase in 
revenue? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Thank you, Aditya, for your question. There are onetime costs we have taken in this 
quarter, which is basically a severance pay we have paid, which is Rs. 6 crore. Apart 
from that, we have increased our spend on people and the marketing side. Our salary 
cost has increased by Rs. 5 crore and the marketing spend, we have participated in more 
fairs and that has resulted into additional spend of Rs. 4 crore over last year same 
quarter. So, these are the calculated costs we have incurred, which will give results over 
the period of subsequent quarters. 
Akshat Seth: 
A couple of things to highlight here. And your question was relative to the past. So, 
there are two things that you will start seeing from Q3 itself. So, I'm not making a long 
drawn forecast here. Compared to the optimization that we had done previously, this 
time, there are two very targeted interventions on the manpower costs that have been 
done, both on blue collared and on white collared. The idea was to reduce a little bit of 
capacity in the European markets. Now in order to do that restructuring, there was 
some onetime cost, which led to an uplift. However, from October onwards, you will 
see that as a saving in the P&L. So that's number one. 
 
Number two, even on headcount, etc., so whatever was the increase because more 
team members were added back end of last year, all of that will be offset by this 
restructuring that has been done. Other than that, marketing, which seems like an 
escalated one will even out during the year because intentionally, given the places that 
we wanted to participate were all happening around the first half of the year. So, at a 
full year level, that picture will not be too different from how it was in the past. So, you 
will see the profitability or the levels that you have seen in the past to be restored from 
Q3 onwards. 
Aditya: 
Understood. And sir, previously, we had mentioned that we'll achieve PBT breakeven 
at Parador when we reach a turnover of around 45 million. So, does that still hold true 
or because some of these increased investments, this breakeven level would be higher 
than our estimation? 
Akshat Seth: 
So that statement holds true. In fact, some of the measures that we have taken will 
probably help pull it down a little bit. But the previous forecast in terms of 45 million, 
etc., seems to be right. There is no upward revision. In fact, if at all, there will be a 
downward revision to that number given the steps that have been taken. 
Aditya: 
And what is the current debt level at Parador? And is this the peak debt? Or would we 
have to borrow more considering we are making losses currently in that business? 

 
Page 6 of 20 
Ajay Kapadia: 
The debt level at Parador is EUR 31.9 million. We may have to give some support from 
India in this year considering the losses in the first 6 months, but that will not be too 
large number. 
Aditya: 
Okay. Okay. And just one last question on Parador. So, if I look at the gross margins, 
they have come off both Q-o-Q and Y-o-Y. So, if you could just help us understand why 
is that? 
Akshat Seth: 
Gross margin, if we look at the H1 numbers, they are about the same as it was last year. 
So, there is no real difference. As you can imagine, in quarter 2, there is a shutdown 
that we take. There is some inventory build-up that happens. So that creates a transient 
aberration. But at a H1 level, the material cost is about the same as it was last year. 
There's no appreciable change. 
Aditya: 
Understood. Okay. Sir, next question is on the Roofing business. So, the revenue is 
almost flattish on a year-on-year basis, but the EBIT seems to have halved. So, if you 
could just help us understand why is that? And what is happening in the roofing 
industry, which is leading to such sharp contraction in margins? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, a couple of things. There's been some pressure on pricing. So if you look at the same 
time last year, there's been a drop in the price realization in the zone of about 1% to 
2%.  
All of this is coupled by the fact that quarter 2 from a volume point of view was 
disappointing for the industry as a whole, which had some impact on the variable cost. 
So that's the second factor. 
The third factor which impacted us is on the material cost where availability of certain 
grades of raw material was a challenge, which added to the cost in this period. So that's 
why there has been some erosion on the margin side in this quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Nitin Dharmawat from Aurum 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Dharmawat: Yes. So, my question is regarding the raw material pricing trend. How is that now? Is 
there any softening that we see now compared to what it was earlier? And second is 
about the demand, as you're saying that H2 may have some improvement. So do you 
see any visibility now since a few days are already gone in the third quarter. So, if you 
can share some insight into that, that will be helpful. 
Akshat Seth: 
On raw material, is there any specific raw material you have in mind, or you were asking 
a general question? 
Nitin Dharmawat: No, generally because we are into multiple divisions. So that's why I'm asking in general. 
Akshat Seth: 
Sir I think there are 3 key raw materials for us that are worth talking about. On PVC side, 
quarter 1 was a sharp spike of about 13-14%. Quarter 2 was a sharp drop of 15-17%. 
Much of October, what we have seen going into Q3, we see that they seem to have 

 
Page 7 of 20 
bottomed out the prices, and there is indication of an upward trajectory from here on. 
In fact, this is public news. November 1st week, Reliance has increased prices over a 
couple of rounds. 
So that's a trend plus there are indications around antidumping duty and BIS standards 
being applied for imports. So those are factors that are likely to push the prices up, 
which is a favourable sign as far as the demand outlook is concerned for quarter 3 and 
beyond.  
The second raw material, which is of interest to us is cement. I'm sure all of you as you 
analyze the segment, cement had a subdued 12 to 18-month period. So, prices have 
been soft, which has been a relief for us in the first half of the year. How long will that 
soft pricing regime hold remain to be seen? Our expectation is that Q4 onwards, there 
should be some upward push towards it. 
 
The third one is on fibre for us, where there has been almost a stable pricing regime. 
What is to be watched out is there are certain grades which then have an implication 
on the mix that we use. That was a challenge in Q2, likely to remain as such in Q3 as 
well. So that's the thing for us to manage. But in general, for each grade, the pricing is 
largely in a stable environment. 
Nitin Dharmawat: And regarding the demand scenario? 
Akshat Seth: 
Yes. So overall demand, I think we have entered H2 with a fair amount of optimism just 
given that H1 from a demand perspective was not exactly the most exciting time. A few 
factors which seem to be turning around. Much of H1, we saw Government spending 
to be on a weak ticket that there are signs that it will come back. Also, I think the noises 
from a budget reallocation, etc., perspective, are all in the right direction. So that is one 
big factor that we are looking out for. 
 
The second positive factor is that while there were extended monsoons, but there have 
been widespread and good monsoon this year. So, there is a fair amount of optimism 
about rural demand kicking in. We are seeing first signs of it. So, we saw that in the 
festive season, etc., during the month of October. So that is another positive thing for 
us to keep a watch out for.  
I think those are 2 factors. And then there is the general demand scenario. So, if there 
are rate cuts, etc., then there might be some more consumer spending that gets 
triggered because of that. So overall, we are optimistic depending on which segment 
from Q3 and most likely from Q4 onwards, there should be strong tailwinds on demand 
from these segments. 
Nitin Dharmawat: Okay. So, this was about domestic. What about the international one with respect to 
Parador. So, if you can throw some light on that as well? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, on Parador, the outlook and forecast from a Europe point of view is a slightly 
hazardous one, so I will refrain from making a forecast there. Our own business planning 
is assuming that the market sentiment will remain flat for the next 6 to 9 months, which 

 
Page 8 of 20 
is why we are looking at markets beyond Europe to drive growth. Our foray into places 
like North America and given recent developments on the change of regime, etc., all 
looking very promising. 
There is still robust growth in those markets. But core European market, we are not 
expecting a bounce back anytime in the next 3 to 6 months. We expect that they are 
likely to remain flat to where they are. Equally, it's important to note that there is no 
sign, absolutely no sign that it will go south from where it currently is. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Marsal, an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Marsal: 
Hello. See considering this Parador, if we take a strategic view on this one, last few 
quarters is consistently in the losses and losses are also substantially high. So, I think it 
may be the high time that the management should consider to take some strategic view 
on this one because HIL used to be a very blue chip company, its share price used to be 
around Rs. 4,000, Rs. 5,000 and Rs, 6,000. But after this like mega acquisition, HIL is like 
low capital and very cashless company.  
Akshat Seth: 
If I may request. Can I interrupt? Your voice is not clear, and I'll request you to repeat 
your statement once more, please. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Marsal, may I ask you to use your handset mode please. 
Marsal: 
Yes. I'm on the handset. Am I audible, sir? 
Akshat Seth: 
Yes. And if I may just request you to speak a little slower, we will be able to catch it 
better in that case. 
Marsal: 
Okay. So, the point I'm drawing is that, HIL Limited strategically also like from the very 
beginning, it used to be like a very niche kind of company, having a small capital base 
and very good net profit and good cash profit. And like the return to the shareholder 
return to the equity used to be very, very fantastic in HIL. But since the acquisition of 
Parador means like gone are the days, even if you see, for example, this quarter also, 
the stand-alone EPS for the HIL is Rs. 80 per share. But if you see this consol, it's hardly 
Rs. 19 because the majority of profitability being eaten by Parador. And since Parador 
acquisition and which is sizable in terms of the value, in terms of amount invested and 
in terms of its operation also. So if you see segment results, for example, Parador is 
continuous in losses, Rs. 41 crore, Rs. 48 crore, Rs. 88 crore, Rs. 66 crore.  
So, although management is trying very hard, have taken a lot of efforts like to turn 
around this company or this particular unit. But the results have not yielded due to like 
any shifting, maybe the market like this reaction or the course, whatever. And 
moreover, what you said just now to the first person that the reason for this quarter 
loss, like you spent about Rs. 14 crore, Rs. 15 crore item, but the loss is Rs. 48 crore 
here. So you said that INR 5 crore something has gone in salary. So, salary, you have like 
increased the bandwidth, so means that will be a permanent cost. So that will again 
recur in the next quarter. 

 
Page 9 of 20 
 
So, the point I'm drawing is that like each turnover is about one-third of the total 
company. And this particular new item or Flooring Solution is not yielding any result to 
the shareholder, rather it's eating away the worth of the company. So maybe the 
company or the senior management should take a strategic decision to dispose of or to 
have any JV like partner into this one or do something in this one. Something drastic 
needs to be done so that this division turns around into at least EBITDA positive or it is 
breakeven level, sir. 
Akshat Seth: 
So no, I appreciate the sentiment. I also assure you on behalf of the management team 
that we are watching the Parador situation with great amount of strategic long-term 
intent. So, we are trying not to offer any knee-jerk reaction to that situation. You are 
right. We, as a company, have always given good shareholder returns, and we are 
committed to doing that in future as well. But you would recognize that there are 
periods of investment so that the desire to give even more shareholder return can come 
in. This is one such period. 
 
The Rs. 5,000 crore and Rs. 6,000 crore that you were talking about was actually post-
acquisition of Parador and for the first 3 years of Parador acquisition, the results were 
really great. They have run into an external situation, which nobody saw coming. Having 
been in that situation, there is a clear path to recovery. I do hope that you and everyone 
else on this call recognize that despite the slow market environment, the company is 
now showing first signs of turnaround in terms of the volume growth and the revenue 
growth that they are registering. 
There is at least in our mind a clear line of sight to profitability, and there is a lot of 
confidence that we take from a quarter or the first half of this year as to where Parador 
is headed and the prospects ahead. So, we are closely watching the situation. I 
completely appreciate the sentiment being offered. But a quarter like this only 
increases our confidence on the prospects of the company, not decreases it. 
Marsal: 
Okay. Sir, like in continuation of this one, since you mentioned that the company is 
showing the sign of turnaround. But if I see the revenue for this Parador division is Rs. 
278 crore something. So, if you analyze it's hardly Rs. 1,100 crore, which is slightly less 
than the yearly revenue for the year ended March 2024. So, revenue has not increased, 
number one.  
 
Number two, I also recall that like after talking over the company, CEO, like I recall that 
you mentioned that you are taking a lot of efforts in terms of the market expansion in 
Middle East, in Europe, in America and China. So, can you throw some latest update 
that like where do we stand in terms of the market extension or expansion or like new 
orders being received? And what is the order in hand for Parador division as of now? 
Akshat Seth: 
So those activities are moving along in the right direction. I would take a couple of 
examples. We have shared with this group that North America or US specifically is one 
area of focus. In the last 6 months, there has been a lot of groundwork that has been 
done to hit that market not just as a sales outpost, but to build a sustainable business 
there. So work is happening in getting the right team on ground, and there is some 

 
Page 10 of 20 
progress on that front. The work is also happening in creating a ground level presence 
on the marketing and brand side. So, in fact, you should watch out there is a big trade 
show or trade event that happens called BDNY, it's in New York beginning 10th and 11th 
of November. Please have a look. There are information available on both the Parador 
handles and on BDNY, which we are participating. So, there is more market-facing work 
that is happening in that market. 
 
Third work is around creating product relevance. Every market you get into will have 
some specificity on what kind of products they want. That customization or adaptations 
of our own product lines is happening as we speak. Some of them are already done are 
being rolled out, more is in pipeline.  
So, it's not an overnight activity where you say, okay, I want to go to New York or US 
and you take a flight and you are there. There is a lot of 360-degree work that needs to 
happen, and we are in good shape on many of those counts. And I'll offer 2 metrics for 
all of us to track. I have been sharing that new geographies is one area. This year, H1, 
all these geographies beyond Europe that we have started working on have registered 
a 40-41% growth in the first half of the year in terms of revenue. 
Second, I've been saying that commercial segment is a new one for us, where again, 
this year, H1, we have grown by about 25-26%. Now these are 2 metrics to keep a watch 
out for because these are the growth engine for the company. So overall, the company 
has grown in revenue terms by about 7% to 8% in this period. These 2 segments, which 
are new, have grown with -- in the amount that I mentioned. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Varij Bangur from Brescon Ventures. Please 
go ahead. 
Varij Bangur: 
Yes, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to know the breakup in the Polymer 
segment between, let's say, our organic pipe division, Crestia and Construction 
Chemicals and Putty. And the same numbers, if you can provide for the last year as well 
of the organic brand and Construction Chemicals as Crestia was not there? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Okay. Varij the last year revenue number Pipes and Fittings was Rs. 85 crore and the 
balance was Putty and CC. This year HIL number is Rs. 87 crore that is standalone. Putty 
and CC is around Rs. 41 crore and Rs. 38 crore is Top Line Pipes and Fittings number. 
Varij Bangur: 
So I mean in the opening comments, you said that the Construction Chemicals and putty 
has grown by 29% year-on-year in revenue, right? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Yes. 
Varij Bangur: 
Is it correct? 
Akshat Seth: 
I was talking about Construction Chemicals segment, yes. Putty is a different one. But 
Putty has been in our portfolio for the last few years. Construction Chemical is what we 
started about 2 years ago. So that's the segment that I was talking about. 

 
Page 11 of 20 
Varij Bangur: 
So last year, Rs. 85 crore was on organic pipe division and the total number was Rs. 130 
crore. So, the non-pipe division was Rs. 45 crore. And this year, the same number is Rs. 
41 crore. So, I mean, there is a de-growth in there. So even after Construction Chemicals 
has grown has grown 29%, is that like our Putty segment has degrown so much? 
Akshat Seth: 
Putty segment has degrown and Putty segment has degrown essentially on account of 
nearly 9-10% price erosion that has happened and that I'm sure you are following with 
other big players. There are some big tectonic shifts happening in that industry between 
the big boys, somewhere on that particular segment, we are at the receiving end.  
So, we have taken a call on balancing profitability concerns with volume and that's 
where the degrowth has happened. So, while the price itself has eroded by 9-10%, and 
that's a general industry trend, our profitability has not eroded by that much. So 
somewhere there is a trade-off that we are exercising there.  We are moving in the right 
direction and it's to do with the putty movement. 
Varij Bangur: 
And in Crestia, I mean, when we acquired it, it was at a run rate of Rs. 330 crore yearly. 
And this quarter, we have done Rs. 38 crore. So, is that the difference of seasonality so 
high? I mean, yearly, would that the run rate that would be maintained of Rs. 300 crore, 
Rs. 330 crore? Or would it be quite lower because of the price erosion or, let's say, the 
volume degrowth that we are witnessing, I assume in Crestia? 
Akshat Seth: 
So somewhere you've answered part of the question. There is some seasonality. There 
is also a price drop, and the price drop compared to last year is significant on this front. 
But more importantly, the biggest factor at play is the fact that in much of H1 and in 
most of quarter 2, the B2G demand, which is to come from the JJM, and the government 
sector was largely absent. Now in Crestia's portfolio, that last year was accounting 
nearly 60% of their portfolio. 
 
So, the good news on Crestia is that on the retail side, we have actually grown from 
where they were last year. But the lack of demand from the government segment is 
what hurt the prospects in quarter 2. However, we are clear that this is a transient 
phenomenon as the whole post-election thing was settling down, and we are now 
beginning to see uptick on that. So, it's a transient phenomenon. This is not the run rate 
that should be applied for the rest of the quarters. 
Varij Bangur: 
Got it. And just a last question on our organic Pipes division. I mean, we have such a 
good brand. Our gross margins, I mean, our realizations are higher. We have placed our 
brand as a premium to, let's say, a lot of other players in the market. Our gross margins 
are also good. So, what is the difference I mean, between, let's say, the gross margin 
and the EBITDA margin line items, like they are so significantly high if you look at the 
competition. So, would this cost be termed as investments? And how many years would 
it take for our EBITDA margins, I mean, at last, our EBITDA margins has to copy the 
competition, right, even if it is in investment phase right now? 
Akshat Seth: 
I don't think the answer should come in terms of years. It should come in terms of scale. 
And the moment we are crossing or touching the Rs. 1,000 crore mark is where some 

 
Page 12 of 20 
of the expectations that you have will start coming through. Even today, when there 
are months where we are at similar run rates, the profitability looks much better. This, 
as a business, rewards scale, and which is why the difference between us and the big 
boys you are comparing us with this. There is nothing else. 
 
On the fixed cost, there are some investments that we are making, which are ahead of 
the curve. So, we are almost looking at our organization believing and knowing that we 
are almost Rs. 1,000 crore. So, we are acting in that direction. But the difference is scale. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Sanjay Kumar from ithought 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Yes. On Parador, you keep saying Parador is the crown jewel. For us sitting in India as 
investors, it's a black box. We are unable to appreciate Parador to be very frank. Yes, a 
failure on our side, but I think it's also a failure on your side to not communicate it 
properly. So, it would be just an observation and feedback. So, it would be better if you 
could give more information on why you guys feel so confident of Parador, what you're 
doing. 20% alpha, market is down minus 10%, your volumes are up 20%. That's 
significant. So how did you achieve it? What are you doing to gain market share, be it 
geography-wise, US, Middle East and so on? And segment-wise, retail and commercial, 
the historical trends and how we are doing now. So, if you could give more information 
in the presentation and if possible, get Neel to attend this call and give his perspective. 
He's worked at Mohawk and Milliken. So, he might be the best person to address this. 
So that was just a feedback. 
 
And second, so you mentioned BDNY exhibition where we had, I think, collaborated 
with Matter Surfaces. So, what is their role? Do we have partners for other markets as 
well? How big is the commercial flooring market in US and Middle East? Is these the 2 
big markets that you're targeting for commercial flooring? 
Akshat Seth: 
That's right. So, feedback taken. I think I can make 2 quick comments on that. One, we 
really appreciate your interest. Happy to sit separately and walk you through some of 
those drivers and also have an interaction with the team there and on ground. So, let's 
take that offline as a follow-up to this. Second, it's an invitation to you and to anyone 
else that if you are that part of the world traveling, please make a trip to our facility in 
Germany. You will get to see at close quarters what we are talking about and that I think 
can be the biggest unravelling of this black box that you talk of. So that's the second 
thing.  
On BDNY and the partner that you are talking, thank you so much for quickly searching 
for it as we are talking through this. So, I appreciate that one. So, Matter has been our 
partner in US for the last few years. So, they are a reseller. They help us gain access to 
the market. But now as we are looking at that market, we will strengthen that 
relationship. So far, they were representing only one product. Now they will have the 
whole product portfolio and so on. So many of those relationships have been recast to 
be more ambitious. And yes, as we go to markets in various parts of the world, there 
are partners like these who helped us gain scale and gain size quickly. And there are 

 
Page 13 of 20 
more details around this go-to-market, which again, we can sort of talk about when we 
do a follow-up on this. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Sure. Just the size of the market in US and Middle East and how much market share 
you're targeting of these 2 markets? 
Akshat Seth: 
So overall, the flooring market in US is about $25 billion annually in that ballpark. Our 
relevant products are anywhere between $12 billion to $14 billion. Within that 
commercial is easily in the zone of about 30% to 35% of that total market. So that's a 
rough again, ballpark of how the market is sized and contribute. Again, happy to share 
more details of which sub-segments within commercial because it's a very interesting 
play. The segments go from hospitality, which is hotels, etc., to multifamily 
condominiums, etc. So, there's a whole spectrum. It's a fascinating structure to the 
market, and there are very many different players that you need to have on your side 
to create a winning proposition. I think we are so small at this stage to be talking market 
shares in a market of that size. And what we are looking for internally, and I think that 
should give a sense of perspective that you are looking for, we are going to US with a 
clear intent that it should be the next Germany for us in the next 3- to 4-year time frame. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
That's a huge statement, Akshat, all the best. Second, just confirmation. Q2 is seasonally 
the weakest quarter for all your segments, right? 
Akshat Seth: 
That is correct. Including at Parador where the markets are largely shut for about 30 to 
45 days in this period for summer vacations. I believe there was a comment by the 
previous speaker, so quarter 2 into 4 is not representative of the full year picture. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Got it. And third, how is the Polymer division coming up Piping, I think government 
spending has been very weak, of course, elections, monsoons and so on. So how has 
October been, November been, is government capex picking up? Any volume guidance 
for H2 just in the Pipes division? 
Akshat Seth: 
So overall, I think not as much in October, but as we leave October and enter November, 
there are some bright spots on the angle. One I already mentioned, there is some uptick 
on the pricing side, which is a positive factor from a demand point of view. We've also 
had almost a 3, 4-month period where the channel has largely run out of stock. So, we 
expect this period where the channel should start stocking again. So that, again, will be 
a good sign. 
 
On the government spending, two good things happened. I think in quarter 2, early part 
of quarter 2, when the budget got announced, for JJM, there is almost a 30% to 40% 
increase in outlay for this year compared to the actual spend of last year. The good 
news is that at the H1 mark, not even 25% or 30% of that was spent. So, we expect a 
flurry of activity in H2 and some of those contractors have now started becoming active. 
 
So, states like West Bengal, which was dormant for H1 is now coming back. We are 
seeing some activity in Bihar. We are seeing activity in Assam. We are seeing activity in 
Rajasthan. UP is a state that we are watching also. So, I think it's beginning to happen, 

 
Page 14 of 20 
but you will appreciate that engines like these, if they have been stalled for some time, 
they also take a good 30-45-day period for it to be revving fully. So that has started. Is 
it at top speed? No, but we expect it to start hitting top speed soon. So yes, I think that's 
the story on B2G and on the channel side 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Kavish Jain from Verdure Growth Partners 
LLP. Please go ahead. 
Kavish Jain: 
Okay. So, what is our mix of asbestos and non-asbestos products? And what is the 
outlook on raw material availability for asbestos and margins? And further, can you 
throw some light on adoption rate, cost difference for similar product and any tailwind 
that supports non-asbestos products? 
Akshat Seth: 
So overall Kavish, the only place where asbestos is involved as a raw material and is in 
our roofing product. And overall, our revenue exposure to such product is now less than 
30% overall and declining. So, if you look at the trends of the last few years, it's come 
down and is coming down even further. We have, as a company, a product and a 
substitute which is asbestos-free. The product is a viable product. We are selling decent 
amounts of that. The headwind is around the cost of that, which is about 25% more 
costly, which in a price-sensitive product like that is a barrier too much for the demand 
to explode. We, as a company, are investing our time and energy in trying to bring that 
cost to a zone of indifference. And as we achieve a breakthrough on that, we will share 
it with the larger group here. 
Kavish Jain: 
Okay. And what would be your 3 key monitorable or milestones for the success of 
Parador and how we are working towards it? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, the 3 in that sequence is, first, we want to get the volume and the revenue growth 
on the right track. Second is, of course, EBITDA breakeven. And third is at a PBT level, 
we have to achieve breakeven. So those are the 3 parameters we are watching for or 
at least our work is cut out around those 3 milestones. 
Kavish Jain: 
Okay. And just my last question. We are trying to position HIL Limited as a one-stop 
solution provider and an integrated player in the Building Material industry by 
diversifying into different segments. So, while this reduces risk, it also increases our 
complexity. So how are you ensuring that this diversification does not lead to a loss of 
focus or expertise in any segment? And how do you maintain operational efficiency 
across such a varied product portfolio? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, the short answer to that, so you're right, the more layers we add, the more 
complexity it adds. But the answer, at least in our context is with the structure that we 
have adopted or have had for some time, we have a business unit structure where there 
are P&L owners for each of these product categories. These P&L owners are responsible 
end-to-end for both the top line and the profitability of the segments that they run, and 
they are fairly capable and experienced professionals who are driving it. 

 
Page 15 of 20 
 
What that also means is that there is no cannibalization on the bandwidth, or the focus 
required to take each of these product categories to the rightful place in the market. So 
that helps and that also makes our structure scalable tomorrow, if there are 2 other 
segments that we may want to enter, we will replicate those structures that we have at 
the moment. 
Kavish Jain: 
Okay. And what are your planned future actions or investments leading HIL in the 
direction of being an integrated player? 
Akshat Seth: 
Kavish, maybe we do a follow-up on this because for this group, I've explained where 
the strategic direction is, but in a nutshell, if I may in 60 seconds describe, I think the 
key focus for us is the product segment that we are currently in, we grow scale. So, at 
the moment, we are not getting distracted by newer product segments, which are 
different from what we are doing today. So, the first and most important priority is to 
grow scale in the segments that we currently are number 1. Within our segments, there 
is a focus on premiumization of our product offerings and improving the margin 
structures that we are in. So those are 2 other priorities that we are chasing. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Sai Ganesh from Square 64 Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Sai Ganesh: 
Yes. I just wanted to know about the demand outlook and margin outlook for the 
roofing business for second half of the year. 
Akshat Seth: 
So, from a demand outlook perspective, we are cautiously optimistic. Can you hear me? 
Sai Ganesh: 
Yes, yes. 
Akshat Seth: 
Yes. I'm talking about the Roofing Business. And our optimism stems from the fact that 
there are positive signs of uptick in the rural economy coming out of what has generally 
been a good monsoon this year. We saw the first glimpse of that during the October 
month, during the festival month, and there is generally a fair amount of buoyancy on 
that front. We expect that to translate to our volumes for roofing, not just in the second 
half of this year, but in the season for next year. So, quarter 1 of next year will also 
appears to be promising. So, what we are confident, or we are optimistic about is that 
there should be strong volume growth for us in the second half of the year.  
Sai Ganesh: 
Outlook of the container price for fibre imports, outlook for that, how they are playing 
right now? 
Akshat Seth: 
I mean I don't expect any volatility on that. There are scenarios that can play out, which 
can ease it further if the geopolitical tensions in some parts of the world ease out. 
Otherwise, it's at a stable level at the moment. There are no volatility that we have seen 
or we are expected to see in the coming couple of quarters. 
Sai Ganesh: 
Okay. We got any inventory losses in Pipes segment in this quarter or the previous 
quarter? 

 
Page 16 of 20 
Akshat Seth: 
Inventory losses. Yes, in quarter 2, there were some inventory losses because of the 
price reduction that happened. 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Yes. It's in the range of around Rs. 4.5 to 5 crore. 
Sai Ganesh: 
And margins on the Roofing in H2? Any guidance you can throw on that? 
Akshat Seth: 
Yes, we expect an improvement over what we have seen in quarter 2, certainly driven 
by larger volumes. So, there is a fair amount of clarity on the improvement that is 
expected, and that's largely driven by the volume picture that I painted for you a short 
while ago. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Khush Gosrani from InCred 
Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Khush Gosrani: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, could you highlight in the pipes business, what 
was the EBITDA per kg that you would have done? 
Akshat Seth: 
Yes. Khush, just give us a few moments. We'll revert back on that number. It's not 
EBITDA per kg specifically is not something that, so let us work out and we'll share it 
with you. 
Khush Gosrani: 
Sure. And how is the competitive intensity in your Building Solutions especially on the 
AAC Blocks because it seems that you have been able to grow the business, but the 
margins are flattish. So, if you could help us what has happened over here? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, margins, yes, we have grown the business. And bucking the trend, so 2 things that 
have happened. One, volumes have grown. The pricing in this quarter was weak. 
Despite that, we have actually improved our profitability and the overall profitability 
for that segment has improved by almost 250 basis points. 
 
Now in the past, we have been speaking about this that there was a difference between 
our profitability level and some of the other blocks players. And I had promised that we 
are taking several initiatives which will help us bridge that gap. Some of that result is 
starting to show. 
 
This 250-basis point improvement has come through because there's been some 
concerted effort on our material cost and on our conversion cost. This is not the full 
picture yet. So we expect more gains to come through as we hit Q3 and Q4. So, I'm 
underlining that there has actually been an improvement of about 250 basis points in 
operating margin as far as Building Solutions is concerned. 
Khush Gosrani: 
Sure. And coming to Parador, sir, what would be the revenue Ex of Europe, revenue 
contribution Ex of Europe in Parador and what it would have been in Q2 last year? 
Akshat Seth: 
You're asking revenue contribution? 
Khush Gosrani: 
Yes, revenue contribution out of Europe. So, if I exclude Europe from USA or the region, 
what it would have been in this quarter and what it would have been last quarter? 

 
Page 17 of 20 
Akshat Seth: 
So nearly if you go back last year, almost 90% was Europe, of which 65% was just the 
Germany, Austria region and the remaining was other parts of Europe. That today is at 
around 85% of the total portfolio. 
Khush Gosrani: 
Got it, sir. And how do you see the margins coming back to EBITDA breakeven. Will it 
happen by Q4, or it will be postponed to next year Q1, Q2? Would you like to share any 
guidance over here? 
Akshat Seth: 
You're asking about Parador? 
Khush Gosrani: 
Yes, Parador. 
Akshat Seth: 
The indicative guidance is that Q3 and Q4, we should be in positive territory as far as 
EBITDA is concerned. Will that be enough to wipe out the deficit of H1? That remains 
to be seen. But stand-alone Q3 and Q4 should be in the positive territory on EBITDA. 
Khush Gosrani: 
Sure. And this would become sustainable going forward because we have seen it last 
year happening also in Q3, Q4, it became positive. Q1 again, we saw it going back to red 
and Q2 again, it is in losses. So, do you feel that this could be sustainable going forward? 
You have done whatever cost measurements you have to do, and you see the state 
improving I agree, but the margins are the worrying state. 
Akshat Seth: 
So your question is, do we see it sustainable? The answer is yes. We are less worried on 
the cost side because this round, we have taken out nearly 5.5 million to 6 million out 
of the cost base at an annualized level, which will be visible next year. So that will be a 
big help. Much of this is because on the white-collar side. There are positions that have 
been reduced. There are also capacity reduction on the blue collar side that has 
happened. So, the total impact of all of these initiatives put together, which have all 
been done in quarter 2 is to the extent of 5.5 million to 6 million on an annualized basis. 
 
So, the short answer to your question is, yes, it looks sustainable. The real factor, again, 
I keep repeating the same thing is to keep looking at the volume and the top line 
number. If we sustain the volume top line momentum, then this is very much 
sustainable. 
Khush Gosrani: 
Got it, sir. I'll collect offline for the EBITDA per kg for the Pipe. 
Ajay Kapadia: 
EBITDA per kg for the pipe is around Rs. 1.5 for HIL organic business. 
Khush Gosrani: 
Rs. 1.5, correct? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Yes. For this quarter. 
Khush Gosrani: 
And what could it be for last year? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Last year, it was Rs. 8. 
Khush Gosrani: 
Okay, got it. 

 
Page 18 of 20 
Akshat Seth: 
And I think as we were describing, there are some onetime things that have happened 
this quarter. So, the inventory loss is one. And there were a couple of so the price drop 
that happened in this quarter also contributed to it. So those are the 2 big factors that 
were at play. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Jiten Parmar from Aurum 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jiten Parmar: 
Yes, good afternoon. So, my question, some of it got elevated in the last question. But 
still, I want to make some point and also ask some questions regarding Parador. Now 
we acquired this company in 2018. Obviously, a lot has gone wrong post that. We had 
COVID, we had European slowdown, but it's been 6 years. 
 
Now, in the previous question, you said that henceforth, we should be EBITDA positive, 
and it should be sustainable. Now if that happens, it's fine. But if that still doesn't 
happen, does the management have a view that till what time we will get to this division 
before finally taking any decision on this? I mean how long rope will you give to 
Parador? That's my question. 
Akshat Seth: 
If you are looking for a pointed answer on specific timelines, I'm sorry, I won't be able 
to share. That said, not just Parador, but every part of the portfolio, like all good 
companies, there is always a very objective view. And the third point I'll make is that as 
a group and as a company, and we've been around for over 75 years, we are operators, 
and we operate assets for the long run. We also hopefully have the experience to 
distinguish between what is externally driven situation and what is intrinsic to the asset 
situation and take calls accordingly. 
 
So those are factors that in our mind as we take these decisions, and these are constant 
sort of portfolio assessment situations or evaluations that keep happening. Are we at a 
stage where we are taking any such hard calls on Parador? No. At this moment, we are 
focused on the turnaround story, and we are also encouraged by the first signs of results 
on that turnaround story. 
Jiten Parmar: 
Great. Of course, as somebody who tracks the company and somebody who is invested, 
I would definitely want this to turn around. I mean, but just wanted from a shareholder 
perspective, wanted some clarity on how we are going to mitigate this risk. That's all I 
had. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Niraj, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Niraj: 
My only question is around Parador. We are saying that it's a turnaround story. Any 
rough tentative timelines by when we can expect to see some green shoots in this? 
Akshat Seth: 
I think you'll have to define green shoots for me, please. 
Niraj: 
Sorry, I didn't get you. 

 
Page 19 of 20 
Akshat Seth: 
Niraj, my question and I'm asking in a slightly light-hearted manner. I will request you 
to define what will constitute green shoots for you? 
Niraj: 
Basically, a turnaround in the business where we get that vision. We are on the right 
track, and we'll definitely be a profitable business. It will be a profitable business for us. 
And we are on that track. 
Akshat Seth: 
Correct. And Niraj, you would appreciate and now this is my serious response with 
businesses like this and at some point, Parador is clocking close to EUR 200 million 
annually. It's not a small business, right? Turnaround is not an overnight thing. So, there 
is a period around which it will start looking better and improving. Green shoots for us, 
as I said, and I think there was a previous question, we first need to be on the fast track 
as far as revenue is concerned. 
 
I feel in this first half, forget this quarter, first half, the fact that in a market which has 
been flat or declining, we have shown growth is a good sign, which means that we can 
fight the headwinds. All of that has not happened by chance or accident. It has 
happened because there are certain contrarian bets that we have taken. In an 
environment where people were pulling down capacity and pulling back people, we 
said, let's invest on new products. 
 
Let's ensure that for our partners, there is a reliable supply base that we can provide. 
We also said that we should have a few good people who understand what it takes to 
turn around a business like that, and we invested in that. All of that happened last year. 
And some of these results that we should see today are the green shoots at least in our 
eyes. 
 
Of course, we are hungry and greedy for more such green shoots to emerge and these 
green shoots to be full-bloomed trees in their own right. But that will take a little bit of 
time. It will not happen overnight. But my honest opinion, if you ask me, are we happy 
with where we are today? The answer is yes. There is a lot more distance to be covered 
that also we are mindful of. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Marsal, an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Marsal: 
Yes. Mr. Seth, you just mentioned that about EUR 5 to 6 million were the savings like 
that you have done some sort of retainment or restructuring of the white collar and so 
on. So, I believe EUR 5 to 6 million is, right? 
Akshat Seth: 
Yes, EUR 5 to 6 million of annualized savings and that will be fully seen in next year's 
financials. 
Marsal: 
So, which will kick starting from the Q3 or it will start from the next year, like the fourth 
quarter? 
Akshat Seth: 
It will start from Q3. Full year impact will be next year. But Q3 onwards, we will 
experience the impact of these reductions. 

 
Page 20 of 20 
Marsal: 
So, like connected to this, like what was the total onetime expenses because this we 
could never find either in the press release or PPT wherever. So, you mentioned that 
the INR 5 to 6 million worth for the inventory onetime. So what was the other onetime, 
like, for example, like some VRS paid or some retainment combustion paid to 
employees for like whatever rest you have done or some other onetime. So, can you 
tell specifically for the Parador that, how much was the total onetime expenses during 
the September quarter? 
Akshat Seth: 
Marsal, you can appreciate it's sensitive information. It's not right on my part to share 
it at this forum. We are happy to take that offline. 
Marsal: 
Offline to whom we can reach, how we can reach to the numbers? 
Akshat Seth: 
Yes. I think you can reach to our Investor Relations desk or through this platform. We'll 
be happy to address. 
Marsal: 
Okay. And the second question is that regarding this Parador, what kind of revenue 
target you have taken for the Q3 and Q4? And what is the order backlog? 
Akshat Seth: 
So Q3, Q4, overall, so, at an aggregate level, at a gross level for this year, we are hoping 
to be closer to the 150 million sales mark. We are today 150 million, yes. 
Marsal: 
Okay. So, which should be around 10% growth Y-o-Y approximately? 
Akshat Seth: 
Yes, in that zone. 
Marsal: 
And then what is your target for the next financial year revenue? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, I think from here on and also given all the other geographies that should kick in, we 
are looking in excess of about 15% growth for the next couple of years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as the last question for today. We can 
take offline questions. You can reach out at the Investor Desk. I now hand the 
conference over to the management team for closing comments. Over to you. 
Akshat Seth: 
Thank you. And as always, it's been a pleasure interacting with all of you over this call. 
We thank you for taking the time out and engaging with us today. We value your 
interest and your support for HIL. And if you have any further questions or would like 
to know more about us, any part of our operations, please reach out to our Investor 
Relations Desk. Thank you so much. 
 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, although 
an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited without changing 
much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed on 
the call. 
