 
CIN: L64200MH1999PLC137729, Music Broadcast Limited | Register office: 5th Floor, RNA Corporate Park, Off Western Express Highway, 
Kalanagar, Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051. | Tel: +91 22 66969100 | Fax: +91 22 26429113 | Website: www. radiocity.in 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block; Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 051 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street; Fort, Mumbai 400 001 
Equity 
Scrip Code 
RADIOCITY 
Equity 
Scrip Code 
540366 
ISIN 
INE919I01024 
ISIN 
INE919I01024 
NCRPS
Scrip Code 
RADIOCITY 
NCRPS 
Scrip Code 
717504 
ISIN 
INE919I04010 
ISIN 
INE919I04010 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for the Un-Audited Financial Results of the quarter and half year 
ended September 30, 2024 
Dear Sir/Ma’am 
In continuation to our letter dated October 18, 2024 and October 25, 2024 and pursuant to Regulation 30 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulation, we would like to inform that 
the Transcript of Earnings Call held on Friday, October 25, 2024 at 2:00 p.m. for discussing financial 
performance of the Company of the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024, is enclosed herewith. 
The aforesaid Transcript is also available on the website of the Company https://www.radiocity.in  
Kindly take the above on your record.  
 
Yours Faithfully 
For Music Broadcast Limited 
 
 
 
 
Arpita Kapoor 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
Arpita 
Mehrotra 
Kapoor
Digitally signed by Arpita Mehrotra Kapoor 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=400068, 
l=Mumbai Suburban, st=Maharashtra, street=C 
104 yudhishtir CHS Ltd N L Complex Dahisar East, 
Mumbai, Maharashtra India- 400068- Opposite N L 
Garden, title=8609, 
2.5.4.20=d937deb9bccba65d69657cfebf96f9eced
de169501ea8da3f9d1ec8782110fd9, 
serialNumber=d6d75011cc81c73b5309a7ee86cc2
d6060b50c6c87c97a7569d9e77b12339ace, 
email=csarpitakapoor@gmail.com, cn=Arpita 
Mehrotra Kapoor 
Date: 2024.10.29 11:58:24 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
 
Music Broadcast Limited 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
October 25, 2024 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 25th October 2024 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHIT KUKIAN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER -- 
MUSIC BROADCAST LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJIV SHAH – INVESTOR RELATIONS TEAM -- 
MUSIC BROADCAST LIMITED  
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Music Broadcast Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Music Broadcast Limited Q2 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date 
of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashit Kukian, CEO from Music Broadcast Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ashit Kukian: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm welcome to the Q2 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call of Music Broadcast Limited. Joining me on the call is Mr. Rajiv Shah from our 
IR team and our Investor Relations Partner, Strategic Growth Advisors. I'm pleased to share the 
company's financial results for Q2 FY '25. These results reflect the dedication and hard work of 
our team, underscoring our unwavering commitment to driving growth and innovation in a tough 
media environment. 
 
During the quarter, the industry experienced a little slowdown due to a sluggish start in festive 
demand. However, the industry witnessed a notable recovery in the business in the latter half of 
the quarter. This quarter, we saw moderate growth with revenue increasing 5% year-on-year to 
Rs.55 crores. Coming to a sectoral ad spending, we observed a decline in our two major sectors, 
the Real Estate sector, which accounts for 17% of the industry, experienced a year-on-year 
decline of 20%. 
 
Similarly, the pharma sector contributing 11% saw a decrease of 4%. In contrast, the Auto 
Industry sector demonstrated growth increasing by 11% and accounting for 11% of the industry's 
volumes. The finance sector, which contributes 9% of the total volume, experienced remarkable 
growth of 45%. The Food and Soft Drink sector grew marginally by 1%, representing 6% of the 
industry. Additionally, the jewellery sector saw a significant increase of 30%, contributing 6% 
of the ad spending. 
 
For the half year, revenue increased by 8% year-on-year, reaching to Rs.114 crores, while 
EBITDA grew by 2%, reaching to Rs.25 crores with a margin of 22%. This quarter, we have 
implemented a series of strategic initiatives to solidify our position in the radio industry, 
maintaining a market of 19%. Our comprehensive omnichannel framework has allowed us to 
leverage the vast reach of our network, ensuring we deliver maximum value for our clients. 
 
Our inventory utilization in H1FY25 stood at 71%, showcasing the efficiency of our operations 
and our ability to maximize all the resources. We are pleased to see that Radio City remains the 
top choice of advertisers to 38% of the industry client base selecting our platforms. Additionally, 
30% of the newly acquired clients in the radio sector has chosen Radio City for their advertising 

 
Music Broadcast Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
needs. These achievements highlights the strength of our brands and the effectiveness of our 
marketing strategy in delivering exceptional value to our clients. 
 
Our core pillar of our strategy is investing in our digital business which has strong potential 
future. The digital segment achieved an impressive of 33% year-on-year growth, contributing 
11% to our total revenue. At Radio City, we are diving head fast into the digital era that every 
tap and swipe unlocks new adventures as the media landscape evolves. We are prioritizing digital 
channels for content creation, distribution and engagement. Our on going investment in 
technology keeps us at the forefront of innovation, enabling us to deliver seamless experiences 
across all platforms. 
 
We have made significant progress in digital segment. One of our key achievements is the launch 
of India's first ever 24 by 7 video channel, RC studio for a radio station on JioTV, which has 
significantly expanded our reach and deepened our audience engagement. Additionally, our 
SMINCO platform is revolutionizing influential marketing by leveraging data-driven strategies, 
allowing for more precise targeting and effective campaigns. 
 
Through our Muzartdisco platforms, we're expanding the reach of music distribution now 
spanning over 100 countries. Through our collaboration with Happydemic service, we continue 
to offer hyper-personalised musical-tailored solution to our individual taste enhancing listener 
experiences. Furthermore, our exclusive partnership with Spotify is steadily growing across 4 
states, cementing our influence and footprint in the digital music landscape. 
 
At it's core, radio is evolving to stay vibrant and relevant, enhancing positive energy to new 
heights. The beautiful amalgamation of digitalization creates our seamless fusion of traditional 
radio and digital platforms, driving creativity into a new phase of growth. At Radio City, we are 
dedicated to creating sustainable value at every stage of our operations. Our comprehensive 
business model focused on the delivering benefits to our listeners, partners and the wider 
community. 
 
Sustainability is central to everything we do. Our mission is to empower brands with innovative 
media marketing solutions that drives exceptional consumer engagement through cutting edge 
technology platforms, effective integrated social media dynamics and content distribution. As 
we look to the future, we remain committed to driving sustainable growth and delivering value 
to our stakeholders. Our focus on innovation and agility will enable us to seize emerging 
opportunities and effectively navigate the challenges of this dynamic landscape. 
 
Now let me take you through the financial highlights for Q2 FY '25 and H1 FY '25. For the 
quarter ended, revenues grew by 5% year-on-year, reaching Rs.54.8 crores while for the half 
year, revenue increased by 8% year-on-year, totalling to Rs.114.4 crores. For Q2 FY '25, 
EBITDA declined by 21% year-on-year, reaching Rs.9.5 crores with EBITDA margins at 
17.4%. For H1 FY '25, EBITDA grew by 2% year-on-year, totalling Rs.25.5 crores, while 
EBITDA margin stood at 22.2%. 
 
Adjusted profit after tax accounting for interest on  NCPRS amounting to Rs.2.1 crores  stood 
at Rs.0.1 crores for the quarter. For the half year ended adjusted profit after tax, reflecting interest 

 
Music Broadcast Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
of NCRPS of Rs.4.2 crores were Rs.4.8 crores. As of September 30, 2024, our cash reserves 
stood at Rs.341 crores. Our liquidity position remains robust, providing us the flexibility to 
capitalize on both current and potential future potential opportunities. This strong liquidity 
enables us to navigate market dynamics effectively and pursue strategic initiatives as they arise. 
 
With this, I will request the moderator to open up the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Jigar Shah from Elevate Research. Please go ahead.  
Jigar Shah: 
So sir, my first question is as you mentioned there is a slowdown in the industry. So can you 
share something on that front, when will it start to recover? 
Ashit Kukian: 
See, the slowdown, obviously, I know in my speech also, I mentioned was for the month of July 
and August and second half, which is starting September, slightly showing recovery. And the 
start of the quarter for the third quarter looks good, and we hope that the recovery continues 
from what we saw in the latter half of the second quarter. 
Jigar Shah: 
Okay. Got it, sir. And sir, secondly, can you share any guidance for the full year, what margin 
should we expect going forward? 
Ashit Kukian: 
See, we have shown an 8% growth for the first half of the year. We believe some of our digital 
initiatives that we have put in, which got -- last of that got over at the end of the second quarter. 
We'll start showing results maybe in the fourth quarter of the year and as a team, we changed 
the double-digit growth for the organization. And if we believe the market shows the 
improvement that it showed now, then we should be in a position to show that kind of a growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akash, an individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Akash: 
I wanted to ask, what is the inventory utilization for this quarter? 
Ashit Kukian: 
71%. 
Akash: 
And sir, secondly, what is the effective rate for changing Y-o-Y and is it compared to the pre-
COVID level, what is the change sir? 
Ashit Kukian: 
See, at the pre-COVID level, we are like -- the industry is still at 80%, 85% of the pre-COVID 
levels. And as far as the current yield is concerned, we have grown by about 8% over last quarter 
of last year, the yield. 
Akash: 
Okay, sir. And sir, you mentioned in the PPT that the volume growth has declined by 3%. That 
is for industry or that is for our company? 
Ashit Kukian: 
Industry. We are also more or less the same. It's for the industry. 
Akash: 
We are also around like same, around 3%. 
Ashit Kukian: 
Yes 

 
Music Broadcast Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ravi Shah from Opal Securities. 
Ravi Shah: 
Sir, actually, I just had one question, sir. If you could throw some light on our digital business, 
like what is our key focus area? And what would be our goals for the next 2, 3 years within this 
business? What are we looking forward to? 
Ashit Kukian: 
The next 2 to 3 years you're saying, right? 
Ravi Shah: 
Yes, right. 
Ashit Kukian: 
So, the focus, see, as you know, that the large part of the component is still radio. So our focus 
on radio and at the listener level, trying to enhance listener experience is the first thing that we're 
doing. From an advertising perspective, we are giving newer integrated approach from an 
advertising for advertisers so that we are able to get a better buck for the investment that we are 
doing. 
 
As far as the window of 3 years is concerned, very clearly, as you know, I've been saying that 
as a marketing solutions company, we are actually chasing the consumer journey. And we will 
straddle all those places that the consumer can be met and brands can engage those consumers, 
whether it is on-ground, radio, digital, social media, whichever space consumers are.  
 
So our digital foray, largely, which is the digital experience that we are talking from a listener 
or a viewer now because we are also a video channel is clearly keeping in mind that wherever 
consumers are consuming content, we will either create platforms or we will distribute on those 
platforms so that consumers will get our content seamlessly. 
 
So the 3-year window is to keep routed with radio because that is still a radio play and being a 
large player, there's a substantial revenue coming out of that. Also, with the evolving audience 
or the consumer, we will also ensure to get a larger share of the digital revenues that happens on 
social media through influencer marketing platform, through our distribution platform and 
various initiatives that we do on the digital space. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Mehra from SK Securities. 
Rohit Mehra: 
My first question is regarding our costs. So the employee cost and other expenses have surged 
by 16% and 12%, respectively. Can you throw some light on that? 
Ashit Kukian: 
See, there are two reasons for it. One is, of course, last year in the beginning of the year, as an 
organization, we've always been prudent of our investments, including people. So when initially, 
when the market was not really showing that kind of traction, we had kept our headcounts low 
in spite of the requirements that we have.  
 
But as the market opened up, we have started kind of taking up people and the larger difference 
that you're seeing is, which I've been telling in the last 2 and 3 investor meet con-calls is that 
this whole digital experience that we are creating, which is talking about investments on digital 
also comes with investment in people because those are specialists.  

 
Music Broadcast Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
 
For example, when we are creating this 24/7 streaming channel on JioTV, we need experts to 
understand what video content is, how video editing can be done, how video is conceptualizing? 
So the large part of so-called increase that you're seeing is largely coming from our digital forays, 
which is a long-term investment that is what we are looking at. 
Rohit Mehra: 
Yes. Understood, sir. Okay. And my next question is what were the advertisement rates during 
the quarter? 
Ashit Kukian: 
We have increased, I told you, 8% over last year's similar quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yug Modi from EP Capital. 
Yug Modi: 
Sir, I just had one question. Can you share on the updates on our digital initiative that is on 
JioTV, Muzartdisco and Happydemics? 
Ashit Kukian: 
JioTV are currently, we have started monetizing it because it's just about 3 months since the 
launch has happened and it's taking its own traction. So indirect revenues are right now coming 
in, but the larger play is when we kind of see a larger integrated approach, not just with RC 
Studio but across Jio, which is what the talks are happening right now from a digital perspective.  
 
As far as SMINCO is concerned, the platform is up and running. We have right now more than 
40,000 aggregated influencers in place. On an average, we do about 10 to 15 activities of 
influencers across the quarter that we have looked at. And we are looking at incremental 
revenues coming through influencer marketing through our various efforts that we are putting.  
 
So as far as Muzartdisco is concerned, that is early days. The product is completely developed. 
But we are right now in the aggregating mode where independent artists across the country will 
come, register, upload their song, which will be then globally distributed. And this is the 
subscription revenue in whichever global platforms the music get distributed, there will be a 
revenue share that happens. 
 
But that -- usually, these kind of products usually has a window period and gestation of about 8 
to 9 months at least for people to get used to the product, upload it and then, of course, the song 
becoming famous and so on and so forth. But we have already started our journey as far as music 
distribution is concerned.  
 
And what we are looking at the music distribution platform is not just being an aggregator and 
a distribution and monetizing it. We also believe that there will be an ecosystem which will help 
us to -- because we create anthems and jingles and all for brands, we'll have a ready depository 
of artists who we can use to create brand anthems for advertising, which also is another way of 
monetizing. 
Yug Modi: 
Sir, one more question, sir. What all new cities are you targeting in the Phase III auction? 
Ashit Kukian: 
Sorry? 
Yug Modi: 
Sir, what all new cities are you targeting in the Phase III auction? 

 
Music Broadcast Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Ashit Kukian: 
See, right now, a lot depends on how the government responds. So as AROI, which is our 
industry forum, has already, a, appealed to the government to kind of relook at the licensing fees 
because if you know the newer market, they have agreed to the 4% of the gross revenue as the 
licensing fee. But the earlier markets, it is either 4% of the gross revenue or 2.5% of the OTF, 
whichever is higher, which is where the whole vein is right now. So we are pushing saying that 
please standardize it, a.  
 
B, of course, timelines given is too close to us taking an evaluated call to understand because 
some of the markets right now, we've not even having Adex data. So we have told the 
government that we'll have to kind of look at extension of the dates. 
 
To answer your question, whenever markets where we believe we are, a, present already in the 
state, those markets we'll try to deepen. So if there are cities which is there in our states, which 
we are already present, we'll deepen ourselves or in markets where we are not present, but we 
believe having that presence in that state will increase our ability to market ourselves better from 
the overall perspective, we will bid for those stations. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akash, an individual investor. 
Akash: 
I wanted to ask, what is the FCT and non-FCT split of our revenue? 
Ashit Kukian: 
See, right now, we are almost 65% of the revenue is at FCT. The balance is not just non-FCT, 
it's on-ground non-FCT and digital put together. If you see the investor presentation, it's 61%-
39%, if I'm not mistaken. 
Akash: 
Okay, sir. And sir, can you tell us something about the investment in SMINCO? 
Ashit Kukian: 
For the investment in SMINCO, we already said we have less than Rs.1 crores is what we had 
invested from a platform development is concerned. And that's a one-time investment. And now 
whatever happens is all trying to get monies out of the influencers and the integrated brand 
solutions that we give to clients. So that's how it is. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vedant Bhasin from Minerva Asset Management. 
Vedant Bhasin: 
Just a follow-up on the previous question. The 61 to 39 is FCT, non-FCT. Can you please shed 
some light on the 39, how much percentage would be from digital? 
Ashit Kukian: 
It's 65-35 my apologies, it is 65-35. 
Vedant Bhasin: 
Okay. All right. So if you can just tell me out of that 35, how much would be on-ground and 
how much would be digital? 
Ashit Kukian: 
Digital is about 11%, on-ground will be approximately 10%. The balance will be NFCT on-air, 
which is the integrated apart from pure FCT. 
Vedant Bhasin: 
So around 10%, 10%, 10% would be the split? 

 
Music Broadcast Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Ashit Kukian: 
Yes, we can put it as 10%, 10%, 10%. Digital has been 11% for the quarter, but yes, you can 
average it also at 10%, 10%, 10% at this point in time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Payal Shah from Billion Securities. 
Payal Shah: 
I have two questions. First, what is your strategy to counter the competition as this quarter was 
not good? 
Ashit Kukian: 
So first and foremost, Payal, we don't counter competition on a quarter basis. Our strategic way 
forward is completely defined by the need of this organization and our investors like you. So to 
answer your question, we are very clearly focused with the fact that if the consumers who we 
are trying to aim at is consuming content on radio, is also looking at engagement on-ground or 
is also looking at some kind of digital interplay, our strategy is completely focused towards that. 
 
And hence, we stay rooted to our strategy. And I also would urge you all to look at this as an 
aberration from a performance perspective because it's the industry reflection than an 
organizational reflection. And I'm very strongly believing in that because we've got all the things 
in place, and we are very sure unless and until the industry really tanks or the environment tanks, 
we'll have a happy story to talk here on. 
Payal Shah: 
Sure, sir. Sir, my next question is what type of investments are we planning in the digital now? 
Ashit Kukian: 
See, right now, what we are doing is our investment is, again, like I said, will be purely 
manpower, because all we are doing is playing with the intellectual understanding of the radio, 
social media spaces that is available for us to monetize. Whether it is Instagram or YouTube or 
Facebook and so on and so forth, and beyond that, our products have already been launched. We 
have launched SMINCO, we have launched RC Studio. 
 
We've also collaborated with the partners who are allowing us play in age cohorts, which what 
we are not playing. For example, of a collaboration with WOKA, which is a children's app allows 
us to play between 2 to 12 years, which earlier we could never aim at. But today, we can give 
advertisers who are looking at that age bracket with the opportunity. So our strategy is very clear. 
We will follow the consumer journey and wherever the consumer wants our content, we will 
distribute it, we'll create content and we'll monetize it. 
Payal Shah: 
Sir, I have two more questions, if I may. One being, are we planning to launch our own app like 
Radio app? 
Ashit Kukian: 
See, we are already present on our website is also fairly developed and is app enabled, handset-
enabled. So I don't see any reason to introduce one more app, because if people want our content, 
it is there in the social media, it's that in the Instagram handles that I've got, it is got in the 
national handles that we have got. And now the website is also handset-enabled so there is no 
need of an app to be developed. 
Payal Shah: 
Sir, my last question being -- can you please explain what efforts are we making on the Tier 2 
and Tier 3 market? 

 
Music Broadcast Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Ashit Kukian: 
See the Tier 2, Tier 3 market, of course, we are doing a lot of digital initiatives in terms of -- 
because what is happening is those markets are still a little laggard from a advertiser's digital 
play is concerned, while the larger consumption of digital is happening. So we are, obviously, 
talking to advertisers and agencies and helping them understand that how our radio plus on 
ground plus digital will be a far better way to do marketing, rather than taking a segmented 
platforms and not get the kind of advantage of seamlessly talking to the same consumer in these 
various platforms. 
 
And to add, also keeping in mind the needs of the smaller markets, from time-to-time, we create 
events which helps brands in those markets, engage with consumers on ground. And also we 
create marketing events, which helps them to kind of be part of a larger ecosystem when it comes 
to advertising. 
Payal Shah: 
Thank you so much for the detailed answer. That's it for my side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vedant Bhasin from Minerva Asset Management. Please 
go ahead. 
Vedant Bhasin: 
Hi, thank you for taking my next question. I, so since I'm new to the sort of company, I just 
wanted to understand from you, if you can talk me through the monetization on radio versus 
YouTube versus RC Studios. In terms of CPM, if you can give me like an average on what the 
monetization is like… 
Ashit Kukian: 
See CPM RPM cannot be given because each platform has its own currencies to work with, 
right? So I would not know what exactly you want to know because each engagement -- because 
radio is -- that is investment, which is that from our side. On RC Studio, apart from people and 
our own cost investment that is the investment on the platform per se. So I don't know what 
exactly you want, if you can be more specific, then I'll help you understand what your 
requirement is. 
Vedant Bhasin: 
Okay, all right. I just mean that if it is not one specific figure, if you can just tell you a little bit 
how monetization works on RC Studios and YouTube? Like is there any one of them better than 
the other? And how do you… 
Ashit Kukian: 
So that's why, it is not because the fact that, first and foremost, I mean, if I can just give you the 
reason why in spite of radio being radio, are we looking at opportunities beyond radio. So like I 
said, we are following the consumer journey. Now if you look at Indian advertising, Rs.1,17,000 
crores is what the overall Indian advertising is and radio is about Rs.3,000-odd crores. The rest 
of the pie is divided between digital, on ground and then TV, yes, and print for that matter. 
 
So when we look at the options that we are talking about, these options, which we are talking 
about are clearly giving you more options beyond the Rs.3,000-plus crores of radio that is that. 
Hence, your ability to garner more revenues from similar set of brands or clients each via the 
whole expertise, right? So we will continue to do whatever we need to do. We are at a 19% 
market share, which is amongst the best and among the top 2 players as market shares are 
concerned. But beyond that, the consumer is spending time beyond radio as a medium. So today, 

 
Music Broadcast Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
time spend is close to 8, 8.5 hours , radio time spend is about an hour and 20 minutes, which is 
what it has been for years. 
 
The only thing is that -- earlier, the overall time spent was 3, 3.5 hours, that has become 8, 8.5 
hours, so relevance at the overall level while radio continues to be relevant, but in a related 
concept, it's lesser in the overall perspective. Hence, the need to go do digital. That's the first 
point we're doing. And each of those initiatives as we talk about is talking to a segment. So when 
you're doing RC Studio on JioTV, it is for the streaming platforms that we are talking about. 
When we do SMINCO, there is an entire base of market peers who are looking at influencers as 
a way of engaging with their consumers and that's the segment, which is going rapidly. 
 
Hence, we launched our own platform because here, it's a completely data-driven platform. We 
can give analysis, analysis of each influencer. So suppose tomorrow, a brand in the cosmetic 
category comes and says that I want to know about these 10 beauty influencers, what is their 
followers, what is the engagement rate, what kind of content of theirs work I'm able to through 
a data driven insight give them those requirements, which helps brands to understand which 
influencers to pick up because then the success ratio is going to be higher. 
 
So it's a dynamism of scientific research with data, which allows marketers to take a calculated 
understanding of where to invest, which is also measurable at the end of the day. So that's best 
part of being in digital. And that's where we are moving. Wherever consumer is moving and 
doing consuming this content, you'll find us playing the role that either directly or indirectly 
through other platforms. 
Vedant Bhasin: 
Just a small follow-up question over here. So in radio versus digital, as I'm just looking at it, in 
digital, do you see margins as higher, lower? How do you think it compares to radio? 
Ashit Kukian: 
Apart from the people cost, unlike radio, which is a very highly fixed cost business, it includes 
a whole lot of things, right, from the infra to the transmitter, to the operational cost. Digital is a 
far better bottom-line booster than radio. 
Vedant Bhasin: 
Okay. If you could just put some numbers to it? 
Ashit Kukian: 
There's no numbers. I mean, I can just give you a back of the envelope calculation today. We 
are about 20%, 22% of the margins that we talk about. We will be a 30% plus on digital, which 
is a good 10%, 20%, 15% more. And we will continue to be at that percentage. But that, 
percentage, like I said, depending as we move forward, and I've always been saying we are -- 
our journey in digital is exploratory, yes. But tomorrow, if there is a high intensive capital-based 
digital opportunity and the world over I don’t know what it's going to be then maybe the things 
will change. 
 
But the fact that digital will be part of our fair share of business from an advertiser requirement 
is concerned and also the way forward for the organization is something, which we are very clear 
about. So we are playing the role at this point in time to answer, the percentage is higher, much 
higher than radio, for sure. 
Vedant Bhasin: 
Thank you very much. Best of luck. 

 
Music Broadcast Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, we would like to hand the conference over to Mr. 
Ashit Kukian for closing comments. 
Ashit Kukian: 
Thank you. We sincerely appreciate your active participation in today's earnings call, as media 
consumption assets in India continue to evolve, driven by a diverse range of content options, the 
radio industry has a unique opportunity to integrate digital platforms while keeping radio at its 
core. Our focus remains on advancing the digital landscape, by leveraging our resources and 
relationships to deliver maximum value to our customers. 
 
The presentations, earnings release and results are all available on the corporate website and 
stock exchanges. If you have any further queries, please get in touch with any one of us or with 
Strategic Growth Advisors, our Investor Relations Partner, wishing everyone a very happy 
festive season. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Music Broadcast Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
