AlA Engineering Limited
November
5, 2024
To,
The Manager
(Listing],
The SSE Limited
Phiroze
Jeejeebhoy
Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai
- 400001
Script Code: 532683
To,
The Manager
(Listing},
National
Stock Exchange of India limited
"Exchange
Plaza",
C-1,
Block - G,
Bandra-Kurla
Complex,
Bandra
(E)
Mumbai
- 400051
Script Code: AIAENG
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: Transcript
of the Investors'
Conference
Call held on October
30, 2024
Pursuant
to
Regulations
30
and
46(2)(oa)
of
the
SEBI (Listing
Obligations
and
Disclosure
Requirements)
Regulations,
2015,
please
find
enclosed
herewith
the
Transcript
of Conference
Call held
between
the
Company
and Investors
on Wednesday,
October
30, 2024 to discuss the
Unaudited
Financial
Results
and performance
of the
Company
for the
Quarter/Half
Year ended
so" September,
2024.
The
aforesaid
transcript
is
also
being
hosted
on
the
website
of
the
Company,
www.aiaengineering.comin
accordance
with
the
Regulation
46 of SEBI (Listing
Obligations
and
Disclosure
Requirements)
Regulations,
2015.
Kindly take the same on record.
Thanking
you.
Yours faithfully,
For AlA Engineering
limited
S. N. Jetheliya
Company
Secretary
Enc!.: As above
CIN: L29259GJ1991PLC015182
An ISO 9001
Ce~ified Company
~~~~~~:~~~hff~~~;b~~1~o
s6~~aG~j~~~;'~~~'12/~hHO~~_~~~;~g;;8~~
~~~.+~i{~~~i9~~~~~~
BhavanRoad,
.
ered Office:
115, G.V.M.M.
Estate, Odhav Road, Odhav, ~hmedabad
- 3~24~5. G~jarat.' IND.IA.
~~~1!~1-79-22901078
Fax:
+91-79-229010771
www.aiaengineenng.com,
E-mail:
nc@alaenglneenng.com
Satyanarayan 
Chhogalal 
Jetheliya
Digitally signed by 
Satyanarayan Chhogalal 
Jetheliya 
Date: 2024.11.05 16:40:43 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“AIA Engineering Limited 
Post Results Conference Call” 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY MAJMUDAR – INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR – 
AIA ENGINEERING LIMITED 
 
MR. KUNAL SHAH – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
CORPORATE AFFAIRS – AIA ENGINEERING LIMITED 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day. And welcome to the AIA Engineering Limited Post Results 
Conference Call. This is Sagar. I'll be the moderator for your call today. We have with us, the 
management team of AIA Engineering Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode, later we will conduct a question and answer session at that time, if you 
have a question please press star and one. 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
I would now like to turn the conference over to the AIA Engineering Management Team. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes, thank you so much. First of all, a very warm welcome to all of you on, on the conference 
call for AIA to review our second quarter numbers. As usual, I also have Sanjay bhai on the 
line with us. He's in transit and possibly with us for another 15 minutes. So please pardon him 
and us that he may have to drop off early and sincere apologies for preponing this again 
because of this transit issues. And as we know, a lot of people came back to us saying either 
they're only on holiday or getting on to holiday. And we thought it's best to prepone it and 
accommodate everyone. 
Quickly I'll run through the highlights for this quarter and then a small commentary and then 
we'll get into Q&A. This quarter continues to be flat in line with the first quarter of this year at 
60,000 tons -- 60,330 tons, representing sales of 1,030 crores slightly above about 1,004 crores 
in the first quarter of this year and compared to 77,000 tons and 1,273 crores of revenue that 
we've done in the second quarter of last year. 
If I'm moving on our other -- our operating income, that the export benefit portion comes to 
about 28.93. Sorry comes to 13.70 which is in line with our export for this period. Our forex 
and the Treasury income is at INR90 crores and thereby leading to a limit of INR366 crores. 
Almost comparable to INR372 crores of EBITDA in the first quarter and down from INR444 
crores that we did in the second quarter last year. 
Our profit after tax is at INR256 crores, INR256.72 again, almost in line with the first quarter 
of this year, which was at INR259.58 and down from INR323 crores in the second quarter of 
last year. We have the note uploaded which mentions the breakup of our other income, which 
is Treasury, Foreign Exchange and Export benefits, happy to share more detail on what if 
required. 
From a working capital standpoint, this year, we are at about 115 days of total working capital, 
which includes raw material at 55 you know, and then there is credit days that will get reduced 
from that. Working capital is in line, and our stock and data represents the lower volume of 
production and sales that we have seen compared to the previous period. 
Coming on to an important slide on breakup of our segment-wise sales, as you will see that our 
mining sales outside of India is at 39,800, slightly up from 36,700 from the first quarter, but 
down from 52,000 tons in the second quarter of last year. 
Our non-mining is almost flat and in line with what we've done fully or should be in line with 
what we've done last year. So, the half-year number now is at 120,922 compared to 151,000 
tons that we've done in half-year last year. Two quarters of 60,000 tons of sales that we've 
done. 
Some other housekeeping numbers, our net cash is at INR3,212 crores, which is after the 
buyback pay-out that has been done. There is a small debt of about INR120 crores, and the net 
cash figure is after that. All our other operating metrics are comparable. We have planned for 
capex of about INR250 crores, which includes our equity investment in renewable power, the 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
rubber liner plant that we are setting up, and the 36,000-ton expansion for grinding media. So, 
all of that comes to about INR250 crores, and we'll continue to spend that over this year and 
whatever spills over the year after that. 
So, with that said, I will move on to the commentary for the quarter and the big question on the 
slower sales in this quarter and last. I think what we are seeing now are three larger themes, 
and I'll have Sanjay Bhai expand on that a little more, but the key things are that we are seeing 
some slowdown at some mining customers, where our offtake just looks to be a little lower.  
What we thought will be caught up in second and third quarter looks to be a little more 
systemic and structural. More than three or four large customers are going through a 
destocking process. So, material that was supposed to be invoiced and shipped out is being 
deferred to later quarters, and maybe a destocking cycle is something that we may have to face 
with more customers. 
And just supply chain issues that have bogged us for the last few quarters with the 
consequence where shipping rates not only went up, but containers were not available. We are 
seeing some pushback from customers on saying there is strategic uncertainty on account of 
the supply chain and want some more time before they go back to business with us. 
So, all put together, it's a 30,000-ton impact for this quarter, but overall, we did 292,000 tons 
last year. It looks to be a 10% lower revenue volume either way, whichever way you slice it 
for this full year. So, closer to 260,000-ton, 255,000 ton to 60,000-ton mark for the full year. 
And there are the conversation on growth and new customer addition. We are, and we 
maintained this last many quarters about all the efforts that the business, that the management 
is putting into augment our presence, to sharpen our offering and increase the value that we 
offer to the customer. We are extremely confident, optimistic about things, but at the same 
time, conversion is just taking time and it is causing us as much grief just about the time that it 
is taking. 
And there is no change in that conversion cycle timeframe that looks to be coming up. We will 
be continuing to put in all our efforts and we hope that important conversions from forge to 
chrome come along soon and we'll be happy to share progress on that as that happens. 
We'll have Sanjay Bhai chime in with his thoughts on this and then we can go on to Q&A. 
Sanjay bhai? 
Moderator: 
 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. The line for Sanjay sir is disconnected. I'm just reconnecting his line. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. While he joins, I think I'll just pre-empt a few questions from investors on the overall 
market sentiment and this unusual lower tonnage that we have seen in the last two quarters. It's 
a first for us over more than 18 years that we've been listed. There hasn't been a quarter where 
we have seen this. We do recognize that things don't – there is this classical situation where 
more than one thing goes against you or they're just outside your control. And maybe this is 
one such year. We are hoping that we emerge sharper and stronger out of it. But it is a year 
that looks like there will be some reduced revenue for the year. 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Is Sanjay Bhai back on? 
Moderator: 
 
Yes, sir. His line is connected. 
Kunal Shah: 
 
Sanjay Bhai, I've just finished. If you want to add to... 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Yes. Good afternoon to all of you and Happy Diwali in advance. So, as we explained and as 
Kunal elaborated, there are three, four very distinctly, I would say a bit unusual circumstances 
or factors that we are facing, perhaps after a very long period of time. So, one, there is a 
distinct impact of reduction in offtake by customers who have placed their orders, but they are 
not following up with POs simply either because of perhaps destocking or perhaps they're 
waiting for the price to correct. Thanks to the freight still being pretty high, thanks to the 
supply chain change. 
We are not -- I don't see this as a structural you know, reduction, but we are more analysing it 
and understanding this to be more cyclical rather than structural in nature. So, one fundamental 
issue is that, while our efforts for conversion continue, it is this reduction or little less order 
intake that we are receiving from the customers who are generally whose POs are generally 
coming in very regularly is what is bothering us a little bit. 
Having said that, two, three things on the positive side, so we have in fact started our supplies 
though a bit slow to Canada, similarly, we are working very aggressively on several mines. 
Supply chain challenges and freight issues are definitely concerning us, but we feel that 
perhaps freight seems to be going down a little bit and in the coming quarter, it should look a 
little better. 
But as we distinctly did the maths and understood the situation, on a very realistic note, we see 
a reduction in sales to the extent of maybe 20,000, 25,000, 30,000 tons this year, which as I 
elaborated is cyclical in nature, nothing structural. We are very hopeful that all the conversions 
on which we are focused, several mines we are currently working. It might happen that we 
may be able to catch up, but it's very early in the day to make any guess and it is rather safe to 
say that there could be a little decline, about 5 to 10% in the overall sales this year. 
Having said that, margins continue to remain robust. Everything else, opportunity-wise, 
everything else remains to be robust. So, we are keeping our fingers crossed and hoping for the 
best. 
Secondly, it is early in the day to hazard a guess about how the next year is going to look like, 
though if one or two large contracts on which we are working, they fructify, things can very 
significantly change. So, we are hoping for the best, but on a conservative note, we don't want 
to give any guidance about next year till maybe we reach the three-quarter, results, and we 
have a little clarity on the new initiatives that we are working. The regular uptake, for whom 
we are already there, onboarded through long-term contracts. 
So, I think with this, Kunal, let's go on to the Q&A. 
Kunal Shah: 
 
Okay. Thanks, Sanjay bhai. And if you do drop off, please, Sanjay bhai, it's okay. 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Yes, Yes. Thank you. Thank you. Actually, I'm just boarding the flight, so it could be a little 
challenge, actually. 
Kunal Shah: 
 
Yes. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Okay. But I'm there on the call till till at least another few minutes. Yes. 
Kunal Shah: 
 
Operator, we can move on to the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question comes from Bhoomika Nair from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Yes. Hi, Sanjay bhai. Hi, Kunal. Nice. You know, I heard your commentary on the volume 
kind of a challenge that we are seeing in this year. So, I just want to understand this, that you 
know, is it that the conversions are taking longer? 
We had added actually the mining liner facility as well. You know, so how is, at least that 
should have seen some growth. And if you can also comment how the U.S. market is panning 
out, whether volumes are steady there or have they fallen post the ongoing litigation out there. 
If you can just give some color where exactly are you seeing, are you seeing this drop in any 
specific or kind of a thing which is more platinum, iron ore or something like that, then that 
can help us understand a little more? 
Because if I look at it, if you're looking at something like 260,000, 270,000 kind of volumes 
for the full year, then almost for over a four-year period, we've not really seen growth. While I 
understand it's too early to give guidance for next year then logically the next year, should we 
come back to that 320, 330 kind of a number, which is still just barely a 20, 30,000 kind of 
incremental volumes over 24? Or do you find that that would be a big challenge as of today to 
even provide that kind of visibility? 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes, I agree. Thank you for your question. And you got a few questions rolled into it. So, I'll 
try and address each one by one. Let me start by a question on US, right? I think the matter is 
every jurisdiction takes it quite seriously. And we are only allowed to say so much on public 
platforms while the matter is subjudice. But our business there broadly continues as is. I mean, 
there are nuances there. But, I mean, we are using the disclosure that we made about the 
interim CBD that has been applied. And so, we continue to cooperate, work, defend and do 
make sure we put up the most relevant information promptly. So, US continues as is. And we 
are doing everything that we can for the dumping. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Volumes there in the US market are intact and they have not seen any kind of a decline. Would 
that understanding be correct? 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes, Yes, Yes. Broadly, yes. The volume looks to be okay. I mean, like I said, I will be 
constrained in speaking much about it. But the business continues. It's a steady business for us 
that has been developed over many years and that continues as is. 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
So, moving on to the next question that you had which is about the OAR. So, the offtake, I 
think there are all these, there is two pillars of the issue that we are seeing. One is the logistics 
and the supply chain and just the anxiety or the discomfort customers would have around that 
uncertainty, right? 
So, that is one pillar and that's on and off and that's going along. And the other is around the 
what's happening at the customer's I think there are all types where there's just general it's a 
little optical commentary that you would hear from mining companies suggest things are okay 
and things look to be okay. 
But we are just seeing a soft conversation. Now, whether that is temporary, whether it's going 
to be a little longer tenure, it's still too early to call that one out. But, and that, one of the 
consequences for that is the restocking, conversation where they're just saying that, okay, 
we've got more stock we'll just not buy for the next two quarters or next one quarter or maybe 
next three quarters and continue the conversation forward. 
Now, that restocking generally does not happen, unless they're looking at a little softer outlook, 
right? So, but we are too small a cog in the wheel to have any view beyond this. But we are 
just seeing softness at the customer's end and that's resulting in the situation. So, that is one 
aspect. 
And the second, the pillar that I said, which is the supply chain is just real, right? In our case, 
where any new customer coming on board or customers who've been having a conversation or 
just bought it for a period want a little more comfort on the whole supply chain issues, right? 
They are all like Sanjay bhai mentioned. It looks like the worst is behind us, right? What 
happened with the rates, the whole China container thing came along, right? The global 
geopolitical space is a very funny situation where it's impossible for any company to have a 
certain view about which way to go with it. 
So, we are staying in play, right? We are there, we are making sure we are giving all comfort. 
We are not defaulted on or delayed on any delivery, right? We added more stock last quarter to 
make sure that no customer is impacted, but it is a conversation and there is some consequence 
on us for now. You asked about the mining liner. I think it remains at, continues at slack. 
We've not been able to add what we were looking to add this year from that space and variety 
of factors. The irony is that we are becoming, the more confident we get about the 
consequences that we can participate in at the customer's end and the more the irony about it 
that it's just taking longer and there's nothing else I can say to allay that question. 
But it's all business as usual right now. It's just this interim stage. It looks like, but that volume, 
the 292,000 tons the 10% lower volume this year compared to last, looks to be a reality for 
now. 
What happens next year, I would just take a quarter or two. Is this a early sign of mining 
companies feeling a little less excited about the future? You know, these are things that we 
don't know today. This is just a temporary housekeeping action. But we are seeing more than 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
one ore type and more than one geography face that. So, it may not be as we cannot dismiss it, 
yet it is not something that we can say for sure that it's an issue. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
And just to Kunal add, Bhoomika I don't think it is, as I said in the opening remarks, I don't 
think it is ore specific nor it is structural, but more cyclical. Let's hope for the best how it goes. 
We are keeping our fingers crossed. As I said, we are working on several opportunities that run 
into more than six-digit opportunity, you see. So, it's not that we have stopped working on 
those opportunities, but it's just very unfortunate that the volume offtake from the customers 
has not happened the way we want or we had anticipated. And we cannot force them to buy, as 
you know. So, we have to just see how it goes. But I think we are still very, very optimistic 
about the medium to long term prospects. That's all I can say at this point in time. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
So maybe if we can get some comfort around what is the kind of new customer interactions 
while the conversions might be happening a little slower, because one part is the existing 
customers kind of destocking. So, which is where there is a decline in terms of volumes, but 
then that will be partly offset against some kind of new customers additions and conversions 
that are happening. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Bhumika, I indicated that we are working on several opportunities which can sum up beyond a 
six-digit easily opportunity. As you know, we don't share more details. We cannot. We are 
under confidentiality for our own protection of our own interest. And I mean, that's all I can 
say at this point in time. So, nothing, no work has stopped. Obviously, as we say, US is also 
turning out to be quite reasonable, as you know, we have already disclosed. Canada indicated 
we have started doing some supply. So, let's see. Let's wait for the third and the fourth 
quarters. We are quite working very hard we will not like to face this kind of situation. But 
then we have to accept the reality. This is what it is. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
So, in that said, are we looking to kind of go a little slow on an expansion given utilization 
levels are kind of dipped a little bit? Any thought on that? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
No, no, no, no, nothing, nothing, nothing. See, our expansions will take its own pace. We are 
already working on a further 36,000 tons beyond 460. And this will and capex plans are still 
INR250 crores to INR260 crores, there is no let down. So, had I anticipated something long 
term or medium term, I would have stopped my capex, but no, that is not the case, clearly not 
the case. 
Kunal Shah: 
And also, we've already scaled down to the 80,000 became 36. And 36 is modular. So, in that 
sense we will take a call, it's not money committed one way, it's a ground field. And it is 
modular. So, I mean, if we see that the next quarter also remains this way, we can always scale 
that down further. But it's like Sanjay was saying, in any case, it's not a material amount, large 
amount that we're adding in. The big decision was scaling down the 80 to 36, which we have 
already done. And which is again, which is a start stop for us to see if we want to further delay 
that. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Okay, okay. Got it. Got it. Thanks. I'll circle back in the queue. Thanks so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Priyankar Biswas from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Priyankar Biswas: 
Happy Diwali in advance, Sanjay bhai and Kunal bhai. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Yes, happy Diwali to you. Thank you. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
Thank you. Thank you. So, my first question is, like, as you were highlighting that there has 
been a destocking angle at this moment. So, is my understanding correct that we have not lost 
any customers as such? It's just a cyclical thing. So, there has been no existing customer loss, 
at least, whatever we had? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
So, let me correct here a little bit. What we said that we are trying to understand the 
circumstances under which the uptake has reduced. Okay. So, one factor could be destocking. 
Yes, in a few cases, we clearly know the customer is carrying larger stocks and therefore is 
slow on placing the order. But honestly, that's not the only reason. There could be multiple 
reasons. I think another reason worth considering is the fact that because of the supply chain 
and the freight challenges, our pricing has become a little less attractive because we do 
generally add everything. Correct. 
So, some people would have anticipated that, yes, since prices are going down, I mean, the 
rates are going down, let's wait for a while and then we will place the order. We have enough 
money here. There is a possibility that all these factors can reverse, can reverse quickly than 
what we anticipate. At this point in time, we have thought it conservatively to wait and watch 
and see how things pan out. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
So, if I may put it this way, like what I understand that at least what I can understand from my 
interactions in the forged market, especially in China, so there has been excess capacity and 
they have been flooding the market with very cheap material at this point and supplying 
finance also in some of the mining geographies. Is it also one of the reasons the differential 
between, let's say, ferrochrome and forged has become quite high in certain places and that's 
why there is a reluctance to convert? Or is there some other reason? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
I don't -- Kunal, if you can throw some lights on this. 
Kunal Shah: 
The first question is, I don't think that in the scheme of things where we are seeing there is a 2 
million plus market, chrome is very less presence already. Even if I go from 15% to 20%, there 
is still a 100,000, 200,000 additional chrome market. I don't think that is a material factor 
where anything happening in the forged market can influence it. I mean, that's a one-way street 
as far as we are seeing it. Just on the order of -- the cost differential is, let's say, 2%, but we are 
adding 98% of value in terms of throughputs and other things, right? 
 
The recovery process and all of that. So, it is never -- the whole premise on which you are 
building the chrome opportunity is on all the other benefits that chrome offers along forged. 
Any additional lower cost of forged does not change that the value proposition. I think that is 
the growth portion that we are talking of. 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
The earlier question that you had is, what is happening and what the earlier participant was 
asking is, it is a combination of all of these things. There could be a customer or two that are... 
there are very few other players in the space. So, there could have been situations where the 
order has moved from here to there, but it is a combination of all of these things. It will not be 
fair to say one way it is this that has led to the situation. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
And if you can share, like, which geographies are impacted because, as you said, that US is not 
that impacted and Canada you have resumed. So, I'm wondering where exactly is the impact? 
Kunal Shah: 
Canada is really yet to resume. It's been there at a pre a presence there is still yet to come 
through. I think we will not want to get into more details. Like Sanjay bhai explained, it's a -- 
there are plenty of nuances here in our business and it will be difficult to really get granular 
beyond this, Priyankar. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
And just last question from my side, because we used to be quite a meaningful player in 
Brazilian iron ore earlier. And what I understand is, we had continued discussions in LATAM, 
copper, particularly Peru and Chile, those geographies. So, what are our progress in these two 
areas at the moment? Because Brazil, the anti-dumping duties are now gone. So, how are we 
progressing and how does the market look? 
Kunal Shah: 
So, Brazil anti-dumping, there's only the CVD portion, as they call it, there's one portion that's 
still active. The dumping has been, the duty has been terminated in Brazil. So, again, South 
America needs to be a large, it's one of the largest ore markets. And as you know, copper is 
one of the largest commodities in that region. And it is absolutely a market of interest. And all 
our work is fitting in with that opportunity. 
So, there is absolutely zero hesitation in saying that we have a solution that brings 
disproportionate benefits to the clients, correct? Especially in a context where their costs are 
going up, they won't have their credit, the throughputs are going down. We believe that our 
product fits in. 
It is a little frustrating for the time that is required to do that, but that's the effort that we have 
to make, right? That's the investment the company has to make in terms of resources and just 
continuing to keep up with the customer. So, South America, to answer your question, remains 
absolutely a market of interest and there's no change in that thesis. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
So, what about Brazil? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Strong efforts are continued in those markets for conversion. Humongous efforts right now. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
So, what about Brazil? I don't know, because we used to be quite strong, like with Vale and 
others. So, how is it looking? I mean, we were very strong in, I don't know, at that point. So, 
how is it looking there? 
Kunal Shah: 
Well, again, a granular question and one market and one customer may not be the whole story, 
right? So, I think we'll just defer back to requesting not to get too granular, but nothing's 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
changed. It is business as usual, as far as we are concerned. There's no structural situation that 
we are looking at that probably changes that thesis. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
And just one more in. So, in the other expenses, I see that the other slide item that is there is on 
the higher side, despite lower production in this quarter. So, any expenses that may have gone 
up initially, just for my understanding. 
Moderator: 
Sorry, the line for the Chairperson is disconnected. So, please stay connected while I reconnect 
the line. Ladies and gentlemen, we have the line for the Chairperson reconnected. So, please 
go ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes, other expenses include professional and legal expenses and a lot of our legal trade 
defence costs in this two quarters, because a lot of work for the US has happened in those 
milestones in this quarter. So, that is where it's appearing that way. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
Okay, completely understood. Thank you.  
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Yes, the freight still continues to be a major component, freight. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes, the rest is all balancing. Nothing that is worth noting. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
Okay, okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  
Kunal Shah: 
If you have no further questions, I think we can wrap up the call. 
Moderator: 
Yes, as there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the management for 
the closing comments. Please go ahead, sir. 
Kunal Shah: 
Thank you, everyone. I do realize there may be more questions that you may have around this. 
Moderator: 
Really sorry to interrupt, sir. We have a last-minute registration from Mr. S Gujjar from ICICI 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead, sir. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Yes. 
S Gujjar: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Sorry, I joined a bit late. So, pardon me if I'm being repetitive. 
So, there's a question around because the supply chain issue, we had seen this in COVID and 
now, right? At what point do we actually go back to the drawing board to think about any 
expansion out of India? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
So, I'll be very candid with you. This is something which we at the board level are very 
seriously debating over last couple of quarters. Even in today's board meeting, we had 
extensive discussions, some technical presentations. I will only say at this point in time that we 
are looking at it quite seriously, but it's not so easy to take a call on this. 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Kunal Shah: 
I think the fundamental point is that our thesis remains for what we are doing out of India and 
everything else that we are doing. There will always be a conversation and discussion on what 
mitigation measures exist and when we will consider them. A plant outside India may or may 
not be in consideration, but like what you said is that we have to be in the marketplace and we 
have to make sure we work on a strategy that works to our advantage. 
So, I think if and when that becomes a serious consideration, we'll be very happy to discuss. 
But for now, our focus continues with all that we are doing. Like I said, with the previous 
participant, the point is that it is business as usual. I mean, we've had a little unusual lower 
offtake with a few customers and things that we discussed, but otherwise nothing really that 
requires urgent effort or actions on top of that. 
S Gujjar: 
Sure. Thanks. And all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Sir, we have two more questions. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Please go ahead. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Ashish Kejriwal from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Yes. Hi. Good evening, everyone. Sir, my question is in one of the answers you said that 
maybe because customers may be thinking that there could be some reduction in prices and 
because of that fact, maybe they have reduced the volume. So, my question is, do we think that 
if we can reduce prices or take some hit on the margins, we'll be able to increase volumes or it 
will not? 
Kunal Shah: 
I think what we meant was the freight cost. I don't think, again, I'll go back to a macro point is 
that our thesis does not rely on cost, right? When my solution can offer, can solve the problem 
of a hedge-grade worsening or recovery worsening or where I can improve throughput into the 
system and produce more metal, this cost becomes incidental, right?  
It is not something that is a strategic conversation with the customer. What we were referring 
to was that one of the pillars of friction right now is the whole uncertainty around the shipping 
situation, which is unavailability of containers and the high shipping cost and customers, it 
would sometimes get on the fence is that there is some amount of uncertainty. Should I just 
wait it out and get till things stabilize a bit? You know, I think that's where the argument is. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
There was no question of renegotiating on the pricing. Yes. No, sir. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
I was just looking at for new customers. 
Kunal Shah: 
I should be sorry to finish the question. Lower pricing is not the answer. It is not a price 
conversation, right? I hope I have explained that in that. It is not saying I need a discount or a 
lower price. There is much more effort and engagement that is required at all times with the 
customer to make sure he gets a significant disproportionate benefit in all these other things 
that we bring to the table. 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Understood. So secondly, obviously, this is the case which we have been highlighting for so 
many years. But if you look at the numbers for last six years, actually, our sales volume in the 
mining segment is more or less stagnant. So, is it that we are not or you know, we are taking 
much more time to convert or our customers? 
Kunal Shah: 
I appreciate that. What I was saying is that it's a little unfair to just paint the canvas with one 
brushstroke. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
You do know that. Kunal, one sec, one sec. Let me be a little more clear on this. So, Ashish, 
you are right that volumes look stagnant. But please consider over the last five years, we have 
actually lost more than 50,000 tons and then gained them through new customer acquisitions. 
Correct. So, there was an anti-dumping scenario, first starting with Brazil and Canada, then 
South Africa in a different context. But nevertheless, so you lost more than 50,000 tons. Still, 
the volumes not only held, but they showed 5%, 6%, 7%, 8%, 10% growth, which means that 
my conversion continued to happen. 
Then came this geopolitical tensions and the whole world going into a tailspin and the shipping 
freight going through the roof 5 times, twice in the last three, four years. Please understand the 
challenges and the fact my opportunities. And then we have continuously upgraded in terms of 
our capabilities. So, we're talking about DP benefits. We're talking about fantastic mining liner 
solutions. We are also talking about cost reduction, which, as Kunal explained, is incidentally 
therefore important. 
But does it undermine my opportunity? Does it reduce my opportunity from a two million or 
one and a half to two million to maybe 500,000 tons are knocked off? Clearly, no. What 
happens? Yes, conversion is not exactly happening the way we think. Multiple challenges 
continue every new day. There's a new challenge. But the strength of our solution is so 
materially powerful that there are 70 people globally working in various geographies in 
continuous interaction, duly supported by another hundred people from India. You see, it's a 
massive exercise. 
I don't think one or two soft quarters will change the whole course of the company. But at the 
same time, being realistic is what we thought we should convey to investors very transparently 
that if my own clarity is not perfect, how can I tell you A, B or C? And that is exactly what we 
are conveying. That does not mean that now my market is undermined or I am now facing an 
opportunity which is not exactly what I was talking about six months ago. So, you have 
actually gained the market. And now there are chances that we will regain the markets that are 
lost. But we continue to face new challenges. But we are undeterred, absolutely undeterred 
about it. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
I think that's very appreciative that you have pre-commented that. The thing is that no, 
obviously conversion is a slow business or slow-moving business. But in this time, are we 
facing resistance from the customers to convert or because of which China is aggressively 
because they have excess production. So, China is excessively marketing it and the gap 
between our product and the conventional product is so huge that people don't want to change. 
Are we seeing such kind of infection or not right now? 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Kunal Shah: 
Clearly China and we've discussed China as you know, on a strategic note that it is more of a 
commodity product supply. I think the whole thesis for AI across both verticals and product 
lines is the value that we bring in terms of designs and solutions that we offer as a package. 
And China always had a large internal market and low technology products. So, it's not 
something that is new today. And they were always for any product that they have a larger 
market, they always have more capacity. So, it's been there for the last 15 years. So broadly, 
nothing changes on China. Nothing has changed between five years ago and now. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
So last question. Okay, short term, maybe some hiccups are there. But do we envisage that in 
next five years, our number can double from here? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
I definitely think so. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Okay, that's fine. Thank you and all the best. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Thank you. Kunal, I'm sorry, I will have to drop off. Thank you everyone and all the very best.  
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Parikshit Gupta from Fair Value Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Parikshit Gupta: 
All right, thank you very much for the opportunity. And just as a context, I am new to this 
company and a segment. So please pardon my lack of information. I just have one structural 
question. I understand that the grinding media is the largest business segment for the company 
along with expansion plans already undertaken. 
So, I understand that you are already mindful of the rate of growth of the requirement of 
grinding media. Would it be possible for you to please articulate if this growth will come 
mostly from the mining sector, which contributes to I think about 70% of the business? Or if 
you could touch upon the other segments? 
Kunal Shah: 
All of it is expected from the mining sector, not mostly, all of it. 
Parikshit Gupta: 
Just to follow up on this, please, considering the cement manufacturers' expansion along with 
consolidation in the industry, especially in the southern parts of it, would they… 
Kunal Shah: 
So, it is a global business for us. India happens to be an important market. But in the global 
sense of things, yes, India is a larger market and will be natural beneficiaries of any growth 
that comes along. But we are also introducing newer solutions with higher wear rates, etcetera. 
So, in the scheme of things, the growth in cement in India per se may not be a material game 
changer on the overall volume. But we will surely add volume. We are just not talking and 
estimating that. These are sometimes longer gestation projects. And estimating things, when it 
will fall on what calendar year or fiscal year, what volume will come, is difficult to estimate. 
Parikshit Gupta: 
Understood. Thank you very much. Appreciate your time and best wishes for this year. 
Moderator: 
All right. Thank you. Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 

 
AIA Engineering Limited 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Kunal Shah: 
All right. As usual, thank you so much. It's been a -- it's not been a regular quarter last two 
quarters. And I understand many of you may have still more follow-up questions. I hope we 
can spare Sanjay bhai on the Diwali, the weekend coming up. But I am available offline and 
both of us obviously will be available from next week onwards. So please do feel free to call 
us and we'll try our best to help you get a better sense on this. I wish you all a very happy 
Diwali and a good evening. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. 
We thank you for your participation and for using Chorus Call Conferencing Services. You 
may please disconnect your lines now. Thank you. Have a great evening. 
