 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: 324, Runwal Heights, Opp. Nirmal Lifestyle, L.B.S. Marg, Mulund (West), Mumbai 400 080. India. 
+ 91 22 62346666 | info@manbafinance.com | www.manbafinance.com 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
  To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: MANBA 
  To, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai- 400 001 
  Scrip Code: 544262 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call held in respect of the Financial Results for the quarter and 
half year ended 30 September, 2024  
Ref: Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the ‘SEBI Listing Regulations’)  
Dear Sir / Madam,  
In furtherance of our letter dated 22nd October 2024 for Analyst / Investor Earning Conference Call and 
in pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time, enclosed herewith the 
transcript of the Earning Conference Call with the Investors and Analysts held on Friday 25th October, 
2024 at 02.00 P.M. (IST) to discuss the operations and financial performance for the quarter and half 
year ended on 30th September, 2024.  
The transcript of the earning conference call will be available on the website of the Company at: 
www.manbafinance.com  
You are requested to take the above on record. 
Thanking You. 
 
 
For Manba Finance Limited                     
    
          
________________________________                                             
Bhavisha Jain  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl: As above 
 
Bhavisha 
Ashish Jain
Digitally signed by Bhavisha Ashish Jain 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=5913, 
pseudonym=133137650017882631552JhmxoFO1u9m, 
2.5.4.20=921cc9185d02adfabe0e2a45bd257a53ded862d67985
21827f549d07aec42e52, postalCode=400080, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=bddcc24a5b91a16b1041f80a65c622c0bb671b05
277819c73d03faaecea465b6, cn=Bhavisha Ashish Jain 
Date: 2024.10.29 12:47:33 +05'30'

Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
“Manba Finance Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MANISH SHAH – MANAGING DIRECTOR – MANBA 
FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. MONIL SHAH – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
BUSINESS OFFICER – MANBA FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. JAY MOTA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – MANBA FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. AVINASH SINGH – EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES 
 
 
 

 
 
Manba Finance Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Q2 FY '25 Results Conference Call of Manba Finance 
Limited hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing the star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded.  
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Avinash Singh from Emkay Global 
Financial Services. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Avinash Singh: 
Thanks, Steve. Good afternoon, everyone. We have with us today from management Manish 
Shah, the Managing Director, Monil Shah, Executive Director and Chief Business Officer; and 
Jay Mota, Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer. 
Without much ado, I shall now hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks. 
Over to you, Manish and team. 
Manish Shah: 
Good afternoon, all. First of all, everyone, thank you very much for joining the Manba Finance 
Limited first ever earnings call and to discuss the second quarter and the first half of the financial 
year 2025. I special thanks to all the stakeholders for the fantastic listing of my company at NSE 
and BSE on September 30, 2024. It was a fantastic response on the subscription also. I would 
also like to thank Emkay for hosting this earnings call. 
In the interest of some of the people who are new to the company, let me first start by giving a 
brief overview about the company, followed by which our CFO will take over for all the financial 
performance for the quarter and the first half.  
Manba Finance Limited is an NBFC. We got a license in the year '98, offering a range of 
financial solutions, including loans for new two-wheeler, three-wheeler, used cars, small 
business and personal loans. Personal loans are the top-up loan to our own customers. We are 
currently operating in 71 locations across six states, mainly at Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Gujarat, 
Chhattisgarh, MP, and recently started UP. 
Our distribution network includes more than 1,100 dealers. We have secured funding from three 
public sector banks, 10 private sector banks and 25 NBFCs. We also have a co-landing 
arrangement with the Muthoot Capital Services Limited. We have a total team size of 1,530 
employees, out of which more than 650 employees are part of sales teams.  
Our internal collection teams ensures 80% of the collections, ensuring one of the lowest NPs in 
the industry. The company commands one of the fastest turnaround times for loan sanction in 
the industry, with over 60% loan sanction in one minute and 92% of the loans are getting 
sanctioned on the same day. 
Now I will request our CFO, Jay Mota, to brief you on the financial performance. 
Jay Mota: 
Thank you, Manish sir, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me provide you a brief overview of 
the financial performance for the second quarter and the first half of the financial year 2025. For 

 
 
Manba Finance Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
the second quarter under review, the net interest income stood at INR33 crores, reflecting a 54% 
year-on-year growth and profit after tax for the period was around INR12 crores.  
For the first half of the financial year 2025, the company recorded a net interest income of INR56 
crores, representing a 46% year-on-year growth with a net interest margin of 11.88% and profit 
after tax stood at INR17 crores. Our asset under management stands at INR11,068 million as on 
30th September 2024. Loan disbursement for the first half of the financial year was INR345 
crores, reflecting a year-on-year growth of 33 percentage.  
The cost of borrowing currently stands at 11.35 percentage. We have successfully reduced our 
GNPA to 3.07 percentage and NNPA to 2.40 percentage since March 2024. Our improved 
capital adequacy ratio has improved to 37.15 due to the fund raised in our IPO, highlighting the 
greater financial stability.  
With this, we can now open the floor for the question-and-answer section. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of [Samarth from Belwani Investments 0:06:54]. Please go ahead. 
Samarth: 
Hello. Great set of numbers, so many many congratulations to that. My question was a lot of 
peers in auto space, in the NBFC lending space are facing challenges related to a lot of political 
as well as instability around the market. Does Manba Finance and you as a company, any of 
those challenges coming in the near future? 
Manish Shah: 
Your question is over? So the product in which we are into lending, these all are the basic 
necessary product for the customers. And over a period of time, the company is involved in this 
business last more than 15 years. 
We have seen the business cycle of more than six cycles. And in spite of a lot of instability or 
any anything around the economy, this product has no worried. In fact, in the COVID time also, 
after immediately after one and a half crucial month of COVID, this product has started working 
well because this is the most necessary for commuting from one place to another. 
At the same time, it is the most cheapest mode of transport and the fastest mode of transport. So 
nothing such sort of instability can really impact our lending activity. And now the company has 
not only, depending on the two wheeler, it has a range of product now. We are into two-wheeler 
financing. We are into three-wheeler financing. We are into used car financing. We are also into 
business loan and top up loan to our own customers. 
Samarth: 
Okay. And my last question would be, what would be your NIM guidance for the next quarter 
and the quarter after that? 
Jay Mota: 
After the infusion of our equity, our NIM will be in the range of 12% to 13% in next quarter. 
Samarth: 
And do you see this sustaining over the next couple of quarters or this is more towards the 
financial year thereafter? 

 
 
Manba Finance Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
Jay Mota: 
Yes, it can be increased. It can increase in next financial year. But currently, we are targeting it 
will be in the range of 12% to 13%. 
Samarth: 
Okay. That's all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of [Monshree Soni from MK Ventures 0:09:58]. 
Please go ahead. 
Monshree Soni: 
Hi. Thank you for taking my question. I want to understand, is there any cyclicality in your 
business? As I can see in your financials, Q2 is generally, I mean, is it supposed to be a good 
quarter and then there's a dip from Q1 to Q2. Is there any cyclicality? 
Manish Shah: 
So, of course, this product, a seasonally impact is there. But last second Q2, we all have observed 
that India has got heavy to heavy rainfall. And this is a retail product, it has got little impacted. 
But by and large, what we are observing that the sales which we were expecting not to that extent 
in the Ganpati. But that has been completely covering by Dussehra and Diwali, which we are 
observing because of the huge response in Dussehra season. 
Monshree Soni: 
Okay. So, you're saying that Q3 will be a better quarter than Q2? 
Manish Shah: 
Yes, it will be one of the best quarters in all four quarters. 
Monshree Soni: 
Okay. All right. And in terms of your AUM guidance, could you please give your FY '25 AUM 
growth guidance? 
Manish Shah: 
FY '25? Entire year you are asking, right? 
Monshree Soni: 
Yes. AUM level. 
Manish Shah: 
Yes. So, AUM, which was last year INR934 crores, we are expecting something in the range of 
INR1250 to INR1350 crores of AUM at the end of the March '25. Today we are at INR1106 
crores as on September 30th. 
Monshree Soni: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahil Shah from Crown Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahil Shah: 
Good afternoon. So, firstly, I see here, it mentions that you are present in the two-wheeler, three-
wheeler, electric two-wheelers, electric three-wheelers, used cars, small business loans and 
personal loans. So, which has the highest share out of your lending and which one is seeing the 
best traction recently so far in Q3? And so, which one do you expect to grow the best overall 
business? 
Manish Shah: 
So, out of my five products, two-wheeler is our highest contribution to our AUM, which is in 
the tune of 85% to 87% of my AUM. And especially Q3 is concerned, this is the fall off season 
of Dussehra and Diwali. So, there will be highest traction in the two-wheeler. As well as, of 
course, now we all are witnessing a robust growth in the three-wheeler from last year. This year 

 
 
Manba Finance Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
it been growing by almost 40% plus. So, both of these products are going to do very well in this 
Q3. 
Rahil Shah: 
And so, given the AUM growth guidance, do you expect your ROAs to sustain or do you think 
there can be some improvement for the remaining quarters? So, what is your outlook or guidance 
overall for FY '25 when it comes to ROAs? 
Manish Shah: 
Yes. So, Return on Assets will definitely improve because we are expecting a better one-notch 
rating in the month of November. Our rationale is already going on. And by that, our rate of 
borrowing cost will also come down. Our NP has also started reducing. You must have seen my 
presentation from 3.64. It has already come down to 3.07. So, all put together, ROA will be a 
better position. 
Rahil Shah: 
Do you have any projections like at the end of March 2025, any expectations where your ROA 
can stand from the current levels? 
Manish Shah: 
Exact number, any forward number, I would like to restrict myself. But it will be better. 
Rahil Shah: 
Okay, got it, got it. Okay, I will follow back in queue. Thank you for answering. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Good set of numbers. So, couple of points. One, I mean, if you can, I'm not sure if I missed this 
question. But one, if you can just help in terms of how has been this festive season so far. Of 
course, we are in the middle of it. One part has gone, Diwali is still going on. So, you are seeing 
that sort of attraction for both. I mean, that sales of two-wheeler growing and also the demand 
for financing. That's one. 
 
What is your position right now or your expectation? Because now you have raised capital, your 
capital adequacy is strong. So, how do you see, I mean, your rating, I mean, and cost of 
borrowing going forward? So, these are two questions. Thank you. 
Manish Shah: 
I already told that cost of borrowing is really going to be better for, you know, company. It will 
reduce to the extent of 0.50 to 0.75 bids. And as far as rating is concerned, already they started, 
taking up the data and the national surveillance they started. And we are expecting one notch 
better in the month of November. So, definitely that will really give me lot of impact in my cost 
of borrowing. And the recent sanction after the listing what we have got, that also we have got 
0.50 reduced rate, although our rating has been still Triple B Plus only. So, we are expecting a 
good response in that. As far as your first question was sales attraction in the, coming month of 
Dussehra and Diwali. Yes it is generally, it is in the range of our normal month sale. 
 
It comes down to 1.5 to 1.75 times of the value. And the kind of logins which we are observing, 
that is in the same range. Only in the month of October, which is still not completed, we have 
got a loan application of 27,000 loan applications. So, this is almost 42% higher than the last 
Dussehra. 

 
 
Manba Finance Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Lokesh Dubey an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Lokesh Dubey: 
I was asking about the EPS drop year on year is there. However, quarter on quarter, we did pretty 
good. And from what I could understand, it felt like there was a certain amount of increase in 
the employee benefit expenses, which was not too much in September last year, but it seems to 
be there in June and September for this year, which has increased considerably. That seems like 
something which has dropped us from having a good profit after tax. I just wanted to understand 
why that has increased considerably. 
Manish Shah: 
Earning per share has been increased because of the volume. And because we have been able to 
add some few more products, which has a better IRR than the two-wheeler. For example, our 
business loan has an IRR of 24, whereas a three-wheeler has an IRR of 23-24. And the overall 
volume, you must have seen in the presentation, my disbursement has almost gone by 40%, my 
AUM has grown by 50% plus. So this -- cumulatively has given the impact on this, but as far as 
employee expenses are concerned, we are quarter on quarter adding a few more and more 
locations. 
So always there is an initial cost where generally we break even any new location in the 9 to 12 
months. So that's the reason it is getting added. So these are the two things, but now the company 
has been strategically decided to focus on the existing locations and penetrate the other products, 
which are not active. Generally out of 71 locations, 52 locations are selling only 2-wheeler, and 
the rest of the locations are selling 2-wheeler, 3-wheeler and business loan. So now we are 
spreading our product portfolio, product book into all the locations. That's the whole plan of the 
company. 
Lokesh Dubey: 
All right. And these expenses for employees and the benefit expenses, after a certain while they 
will stabilize, right…? 
Manish Shah: 
Now only you will see this will be stabilized from quarter three and quarter four, because there 
is no new locations we are going to add for next six months. 
Moderator: 
We have a follow-up question. It's from the line of Rahil Shah from Crown Capital. 
Rahil Shah: 
Yes. Sir I understand you’ve given certain guidance or expectation when it comes to AUM for 
FY '25. But I would just like to know if you have set any certain aspirations or targets when it 
comes to medium-term outlook two to three years when it comes to the AUM. So if you can 
help us with that certain number or maybe growth CAGR. So I believe you’ve seen 37% or so 
growth in AUM for past few years. Will you be able to continue that or better that? 
Manish Shah: 
Yes. So I will not be able to give you the exact numbers because, you know, but yes, I can give 
you on the range which the company has already planned. And then generally we work on a 
market share. So there are couple of locations, almost 20 locations where my market share is 
only 3% to 4%, which we are going to push because those are locations which have started in 
last one and one and a half year only. So there we are absolutely going to push our numbers. So 
this range of my AUM for this 25, March ‘25 will be 1,250 to 1,350. 

 
 
Manba Finance Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
 
And March '26, it will be around in the range of anything 1,950 to 2,250 range. It will be there 
where we will push all our product, especially the area where the other products has not been 
introduced and at the area where the company has just started the locations. So these are the -- 
this year and next year I will be able to tell you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line Avinash Singh from Emkay Global. 
Avinash Singh: 
Yes, thanks. Manish bhai, I guess earlier one participant had sort of a query on that earnings or 
profit declining year-on-year. I guess the question was that compared to last year, quarter two, 
this time it has declined. To me, what I see there is a kind of a decline in sort of a fee income. 
So can it be because, lower co-lending or lower securitization, those kind of things, if you can 
just sort of clarify probably that will help that, what has led to this fee income decline. 
Manish Shah: 
So this business is a very dynamic and it is a very customer centric schemes of the lending, 
especially 2-wheeler, 3-wheeler. It keeps on changing as per the need of the customer, as per the 
new competitor enters into the market. Last year, a very big company in the 2-wheeler, they 
entered into 2-wheeler financing. And they started lending at a very -- with a very less processing 
fee and documentation charges. 
 
So as a part of competition, we also have to reduce our charges. But at the same time, we will 
be able to add those things in our IRR. So net-net, we will be able to sell the product in the same 
range which we were selling previously. But of course, the interest will be demonstrated in the 
coming year, two to three years. Whereas this has been started in last year only. So this has been 
giving little impact in the fee based income. 
 
But if you see my NIM, if you see my lending IRR, it's on an increasing path. So overall, we are 
selling on the same IRR, all put together. But it is a change in the scheme where the processing 
and documentation upfront will be less and it will be more in the IRR. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhur from Hem Securities. 
Madhur: 
Hi, sir. Sir, there's only one question I want to ask. There has been a substantial increase in other 
income in FY '24 mainly due to increase in profit on ARC. Can you please throw some light on 
this point? 
Manish Shah: 
So this is a -- where we've been cautiously we have given a portfolio of customers where we 
were expecting that money will definitely come. But as a part of a process and to control our 
NPA, we have done an ARC transaction. But fortunately, we will be able to get a better pricing 
on all our collections. And collections were happening as normal than the rather than the ARC 
customers. So the entire chunk has been valued at a better price. And that we have got as an 
ARC income in the year '24. 
Madhur: 
So what was the loan amount that you sold to ARC? 
Manish Shah: 
Pardon? 
Madhur: 
What was the outstanding amount of that thing? 

 
 
Manba Finance Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
Manish Shah: 
Outstanding? INR26 crores. 
Madhur: 
And you received INR11.25 crores, right? 
Manish Shah: 
Yes. Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question, sir, is from the line of Manuj Oberoi from Yes Securities. 
Manuj Oberoi: 
Sir, please forgive me for my naiveness, actually. But what I could collect is that for the AUM 
share, you said that 2-wheelers actually accounts for around 85% to 87%. 
Manish Shah: 
Right. 
Manuj Oberoi: 
Now, sir, out of this 85%, 87%, it's all basically the new 2-wheelers or it basically comprises of 
used as well? 
Manish Shah: 
New 2-wheelers. 
Manuj Oberoi: 
It's all new. So we aren't dealing with any used 2- wheelers, sir? 
Manish Shah: 
Used 2-wheelers, we are in the process of -- we just started. But the overall AUM is only INR2 
crores. 
Manuj Oberoi: 
Sir, just a second and the last one, actually. I just wanted your sense, a sort of outlook for this 
new 2-wheelers. How exactly the things have been moving on the ground? I know quarter-and-
quarter, Y-o-Y, things have been quite rosy for you. But one or two years outlook, what you -- 
how do you think that things will be shaping up? 
Manish Shah: 
Yes. So a lot of new -- there was a time just before one year or maybe one and a half year, people 
were a little confused whether to buy, you know, ICE engine or whether to buy electric vehicle. 
But now they are very clear and they -- even the companies have started a little going low for 
the R&D section for the main line of 2-wheelers. But now they started producing more and more 
with different variants, with different colors. 
That shows, and at the same time, the consumption of the 2-wheelers keeps on increasing. It has 
been growing by 15% to 20%. And over the next three years, it seems that it is going to be a 
very good -- growth will come out of this. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participant. I would now hand the conference over to 
the management for their closing comments. 
Manish Shah: 
So thank you, Avinash. And thank you Emkay for hosting this call. Thank you all the participants 
in this earning con-call. I hope we have been able to answer your questions satisfactory. If you 
have any further questions or would like to know more about the company, please reach out to 
our IR managers at Valorem Advisors. 

 
 
Manba Finance Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
And once again, thank you very much for this short notice and coming up with some kind of 
questions, which will definitely give an impact in our future growth and success. Thank you. 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services, that concludes this conference. Thanks for 
joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
