LMW LIMITED 
(formerly Lakshmi Machine Works Limited) 
CORPORATE OFFICE: 34-A, Kamaraj Road, Coimbatore - 641 018. Phone: +91 422 7198100.  
REGISTERED OFFICE: SRK Vidyalaya Post, Perianaickenpalayam, Coimbatore - 641 020, India. Website: www.lmwglobal.com
Email: secretarial@lmw.co.in; GSTIN: 33AAACL5244N1ZF CIN: L29269TZ1962PLC000463 
 Our Ref: Sec/270/2024 
 Date: 4th November 2024 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001 
Scrip Code: 500252 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra(E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: LMW 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Intimation of submission of the transcript of the Analyst/ 
Investor Meeting- reg 
In continuation to our letter dated 18th October 2024, please find the attached 
transcript of the Analyst/ Investor meeting held on 29th October 2024. 
Pursuant to Regulation 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 the same has been uploaded to the website 
of the Company as well.   
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully,  
For LMW LIMITED 
C R SHIVKUMARAN 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
Encl: As above 
COIMBATORE 
RAMANATHAN 
SHIVKUMARAN
Digitally signed by 
COIMBATORE 
RAMANATHAN 
SHIVKUMARAN 
Date: 2024.11.04 14:42:53 
+05'30'

TRANSCRIPT OF Q2 INVESTOR CALL:  
LMW Limited (formerly Lakshmi Machine Works Limited)  
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the earnings call of LMW Limited 
for quarter two of FY24-25 hosted by NSDL. 
As a reminder, please note that the participants lines will be in listen only mode 
and there will be an opportunity to ask questions after the brief by the company 
officials. Should you require any assistance during the conference call and raise 
questions, please signal the operator by raising your hands. Please note that this 
call is being recorded. This is Sameer from NSDL.  
We have with us Mr. V. Senthil, Chief Financial Officer and B. Dhanalakshmi, 
Senior General Manager of the company and over to you sir. 
Mr. Senthil (CFO) 
Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining the LMW Limited earnings 
call for Q2 FY 24-25. We will have a brief about the overall performance of the 
company for the period ending September 24 followed by an interactive session. 
I would also like to clarify that certain statements made in the discussions of 
conference will be forward looking in nature. To begin with let me explain about 
the overall performance of the company. Then we'll proceed to the segment wise 
performance and the consolidated performance. 
The financial results have been posted on the company website and I hope you 
had the opportunity to go through the same. The revenue for the quarter ended 
September 2024 is rupees 750 crores as against rupees 659 crores for June 24th 
which is an increase of around 14%. 
The company has achieved in H1A revenue of 1,410 crores for the period as 
against 2479 crores for the corresponding previous period which is a 43% 
decrease in revenue. PBT stands at rupees 56 crores for the current period as 
against 270 crores for the previous period. This accounts for a decrease of around 
79% of PBT. 
Now going to division wise TMD, revenue for the period stands at 896 crores as 
against 1,991 crores for the corresponding previous period resulting in a decrease 
of around 55%. Textile Machinery Division's revenue for the quarter ended 
September 24 is Rupees 457 crores as against 440 crores in the previous quarter 
resulting in an increase of 4% when compared to the quarter ended September 
23 resulting decrease of 56%. 

The loss for H1 stands at 19 crores as against a profit of Rupees 189 crores for 
the corresponding period last year. With respect to order book, currently we hold 
an order book of 3300 crores of which the active orders are around 2500 crores. 
With respect to the sales which has been clocked, the domestic versus export 
versus spares the percentage is around 71% domestic, 7% exports and around 
22% of spares. 
We have mentioned during the last quarter that we have gone into a five-day 
working as far as Textile Machinery division is concerned and so is foundry and 
this is set to continue doing during the current quarter as well. This is on account 
of lower capacity utilization. The capacity utilization is around 45 to 50% in 
Textile Machinery division and the trend seems to continue depending based on 
the order flows, what we are currently seeing.  
However, with respect to the new policies we are expecting, especially we have 
seen that the latest Gujarat policy has come in, we expect things to pick up in 
due course. 
Now I move to LMW Global. The turnover in LMW Global stands at rupees 14 
crores for the half year ended September 24. As against a comparative number 
of rupees 148 crores in September 23. The order book in exports is closer to 280 
crores on hand. In LMW China we have been able to clock a turnover of 17 crores 
and for the comparative period last year it stood at 11 crores. The order book in 
China stands out to be 22 crores. 
Now I move on to Machine Tool Division and Foundry. The turnover in the 
Machine Tool Division and Foundry is rupees 478 crores for a half year ended 
September 24, as against rupees 515 crores for the corresponding previous 
period. Out of this 15% relates to Foundry turnover. The balance is towards 
Machine Tool Division. 
We are operating at a utilization of at around 70% in Machine Tool business. 
With respect to ATC the turnover for the H1 stands at 82 crores, as against the 
corresponding period the turnover of 84 crores. With this brief I would like to stop 
and we can start the discussion and the interactive session. 
Over to you Mr. Sameer. 
Moderator 
Thank you so much sir. We will request the attendees to please raise their hands 
so that your questions can be taken. We would once again request the people in 
the attendees to please raise your hands if at all you have any questions. We're 
still waiting for the attendees to raise their hands.  

Okay, we've got Saloni Jain from our attendees. She would like to ask the 
question. Ma'am Saloni, you have been unmuted. We would request you to please 
go ahead with your question and also turn on your video if you like. 
Ms. Saloni Jain 
Sure. Hi sir. So, my first question is based on the fact that we had been seeing 
some sluggishness in the demand for our machines due to sluggishness in the 
sector itself.  
Now what is your outlook with respect to demand since there is some kind of 
uptick that we can see in textile demand? 
Mr. Senthil (CFO) 
Do you want to complete all your questions and I'll answer them together? 
Ms. Saloni Jain 
Sir, this is my question for now and if there's any follow up, I'll ask. 
Mr. Senthil (CFO) 
Okay, thank you for that. With respect to the textile division, over last four 
quarters we have seen challenges in terms of the profitability of our customers 
and of course and also the offtake of the yarn as well, especially on the synthetic 
side. There has been some challenges in terms of profitability, especially because 
of the pricing, the input, raw material. 
However, with respect to the order booking in itself, I would say that the last two 
quarters has been little bit better compared to the Q4 of last year. We are seeing 
a general trend, but again it is, it is very minor. 
Mr. Senthil (CFO) 
I mean it is better by 20, 25% but still the order booking is less than what we are 
actually executing. And so, we are using the current existing order book and we 
are executing those orders which are already there. So, the replacement orders 
are not as good as what we would want it to be. Having said that, now we've got 
a policy which was released, the Gujarat policy which was released, which is very 
positive. 
 
Of course it supports to a larger extent it is towards the manmade fiber and the 
both the subsidies which are within that. It is a very positive thing which they, 
which they are trying to do. And we would see the results of this perhaps over 
the next, if not the current quarter, the quarter after this. So yes, we are a bit 
positive that things would change in the domestic market. Talking about the 

international markets, the two large markets for us, which is Bangladesh and 
Turkey. Bangladesh is still having its own challenges. 
We have, whilst we have orders, unfortunately because of the situation in terms 
of the Forex issues in Bangladesh, they have not been really able to take the 
machines even though we have those orders. So, there are pushouts in these 
countries. Turkey is also slowly coming back. 
It of course has its own challenges. But yes, there are potential orders there which 
could materialize for next couple of quarters. But domestically speaking, I think 
we hope to see some positive changes because right now, at least in the current 
immediate quarter which has gone by, there has been some amount of 
profitability in this particular spinning segment. Thank you Back to you Mr. 
Sameer. 
 
Moderator  
Thank you so much sir for answering that question. We waiting for more people 
to raise their hand so that their questions can be taken. We would request the 
people in the attendees to please do the needful so that your questions can be 
taken. We've got a couple of more people. Mr. Hemang is with us. Mr. Hemang, 
since you raised your hands, you have been unmuted and also you can turn on 
your video if you like. Mr. Hemang. Kotadia, we are ready for your question. 
 
Mr. Hemang Kotadia 
Yes sir. Good afternoon. 
 
Mr. Senthil (CFO) 
Good afternoon. Mr. Hemang, we can hear you. Please go on. 
 
Mr. Hemang Kotadia 
Yeah, yeah. Sir, my question on the machines that we are going to launch Auto 
Coner and a spinning machine. So, if you can throw some light on the timeline 
of the launches and second question on MTD, MTD division where you will see 
the growth is coming from MTD division going forward and what is the outlook 
for the particular division and last question on ATC, all the majority of sales 
coming from exports. So how you see going forward the demand of both the 
metallics and composite divisions. Yeah, that's it. These are the three questions 
I have right now. 
 
 

Mr. Senthil (CFO) 
Okay, thank you. Thank you. The auto coner I mean basically Lakshmi Winder 
would be. I mean it is already there in the works. I think as we have mentioned 
in the past as soon there will be some soft launches of these products which will 
be done and those reloads will happen before the end of the current year. So 
probably some during next quarter should happen. Air jet we don't discuss at the 
moment. 
We 
will 
come 
to 
that 
as 
and 
when 
we 
are 
ready. 
 
Yeah, there are some launches kinds of being planned for that. But autoconer 
I've also already given in with respect to MTD. Hence, and I think auto vs non-
auto sector pie chart as to where we sell, we have migrated from where it used to 
be closer to 55% plus on the auto sector to almost 40% to the auto sector and 
almost 60 now 60% to the non-auto sector. So there's a large demand on the non-
auto sector, especially on the engineering side which is kind of coming in and we 
are addressing it with the launches of what we call the machining centers which 
is the vertical machine centers and the horizontal machining centers. 
 
And I just also mentioned that for the capacities what we have put in we still are 
only clocking 70% so we still have upwards of another 25% capacities available 
to address this demand. So, I think from the sector perspective engineering. 
Engineering sector is very positive. And that is the way we look at it. With respect 
to ATC, the metallics division is doing a lot of exports. 
And if you actually go back to the past, the turnover was more around domestic 
market. But now what we have found now is considering dynamics of this 
industry it is mostly import raw material. For us the right choice is to improve 
export, where we have a natural hedge and the contract is long term in nature.  
 
When I say long term we are talking about long term of three to five years which 
gives us stability as well. And it helps us to also grow with a particular customer. 
I think that is the reason with which we have gone  into the export market. Almost 
90% of ATC business is on exports. Composite is something which we are 
building right now whilst we have invested in this for last three years. And we 
have a good set of facilities for the composite division. Currently we have private 
sector orders especially on Export market. 
Predominantly we had kind of ring fence these capacities for non-private sector. 
But now we have decided to go into private sector and go with the same set of 
customers who are currently dealing with us in the metallic side. So, this is taking 
time to roll this out. 
But we are quite positive that we will be rolling this out over the next couple of 
quarters and we'll be stabilizing composite as well. But yes, both metallics and 
composite definitely are good business to be in. So long as we're able to use up 

the capacities what we have put in. That's it. Thank you. Back to you Mr. Sameer 
 
Moderator  
Thank you so much sir. Thank you. We are waiting for more people to raise their 
hand so that their questions can be taken. The people in the attendees we were 
requested to please raise your hands if at all you have any questions. Mr. 
Mayank, you have already been unmuted. We can also have your video turned 
on for the question if you like. Mr. Mayank, we are ready for your question. 
Mr. Mayank 
 
Hi sir, good afternoon. So, what is the current active order book for the 
company? 
 
Mr. Senthil (CFO) 
Good afternoon, Mr. Mayank. The active order book is around 2500 crores for 
Textile Machinery division, domestic market. 
Mr. Mayank 
All right. And so, we've been seeing that the incumbents in the defense industry 
be it Hindustan Aeronautics, Bharat Electronics, they are looking out to  
outsource more and more Work to private players. And you've already developed 
a good base in the metallics division in the atc. So, are you looking at capturing 
some of those opportunities there? 
 
Mr. Senthil (CFO) 
Definitely, as we see when we say we are happy to work with anyone in the 
current defense industry, but again, subject to the terms with which we operate 
in. Right. So yes, we do work with the few of the names, what you mentioned, but 
predominantly capacity allocation is towards where there's a visibility of long-
term contracts with dollar revenue. 
That is where we have pivoted to in the last few years. And this goes back to the 
fact that if you were to look at the balance sheet of this particular company four 
years back, we were in a loss. Right. 
So we did make a conscious decision to go into exports. But yes, we do work with 
the companies what you mentioned as well and how we build that up, how we 
add capacity, is there what type of machines you bring in to kind of cater to the 
segment we want to cater to. So, for example, if you take whether it is structural, 
whether it's engine parts, so that is the vertical which we kind of focus on and 

we look after those specific areas which gives us the ability to specialize. So, if it 
is structural, then we do more structural. If it is engine parts, then we try to do 
more engine parts. Something like that. 
Mr. Mayank  
Yeah, that's actually where my question is coming from. Like we are going to see 
a lot of helicopter manufacturing taking place in India. Engine manufacturing 
will follow. So, any plays there that you might foresee participating in maybe two, 
three years down the line, if not today, because they seem to be long term 
contracts like you mentioned. 
Mr. Senthil (CFO) 
Point taken and which that's exactly what we do. So, if we, if we go into for 
example engine parts. Right. So, we'll try to do more and more of those engine 
parts because they're all related to each other because they run with this similar 
kind of a metal composition. So, if you're looking at some, some sort of a raw 
material, which is an alloy raw material, then we, the machines also have to be 
in that range of those machines and that is what we would kind of invest in.  
So it makes a lot more sense for us to invest and specialize into these, considering 
that the metals which we will work on or we cut would be pretty much similar. 
Thereby we will get scale, we will get knowledge, know how tooling abilities giving 
us the best possible place to be with better margins. That's. That's the idea. That's 
the idea. 
Mr. Mayank  
Okay. Okay, great sir. And just on the MTD division, you highlighted now 60 is 
coming from non-auto. If you can just break that down give us more nuances 
which are the industries, you're looking at on from perspective they are multiple. 
Mr. Senthil 
I mean we are talking about maybe. 
Mr. Mayank Chaturvedi 
Three, four biggest names. Bigger names if you can. 
 
Mr. Senthil 
It's pretty much a set of 20. So, the big one. Okay. And then you've got a 20 of 
them on the side. But yes, it is general engineering tool and aerospace, 
electronics. So, everything is mixed. 
 

Mr. Mayank Chaturvedi 
It keeps on varying quarter after quarter. Probably that's why you're unable to. 
Okay. 
Okay. Great. Okay. Thank you for answering. 
 
Mr. Senthil 
Thank you. Thank you. Back to you Mr. Samir 
 
Moderator 
Thank you so much. Sir. This was Mr. Mayank with his questions. If you'd like 
to invite the further questions from the rest of the attendees, please do raise your 
hands if you have any questions. We have with us Ms. Amrita. Amrita ji You have 
already been unmuted please proceed with the question. 
Ms. Amruta 
Thank you for this opportunity. So, I have questions on the TMD business as in 
what are the kind of new orders that we book in this quarter and in earlier 
concourse you've spoken about catering to exports in the TMD division by doing 
some capex in the UAE. So could you please talk more about that and in the ATC 
business what is the order book and its visibility. Thank you. 
Mr. Senthil 
Thank you for the question. 
Ms. Amruta 
Those are my questions. 
 
Mr. Senthil 
Yeah. So, the. The overall order book is at around 3300 crores and active order 
book is 2500 crores. 
Quarter on quarter basis, if you do the math with last year's last quarter what 
we declared it should be with the higher order book. But current order book is in 
the range of around 200 to 220 crores for the quarter which I also mentioned is 
kind of little bit less compared to what we actually rolled out. 
That is with respect to the order book with respect to UAE the what we have 
mentioned and I would definitely repeat that the we have got two companies in 
UAE. One is called LMW Global which is the operational company which 
currently has an assembly facility alone. We don't do much manufacturing there 

in terms of machine shop etc. but we do a lot of assembly work there and that 
caters to the export market. 
What we have and is also a company called LMW Holding. And that company is 
technically going to become a holding company whereby it will be holding 
company for LMW Global, UAE and  LMW China.  
We are in the process of consolidating  these two subsidiaries under the holding 
company. But that holding company doesn't have any manufacturing or other 
facilities. So effectively we've got a China facility and a Dubai facility which both 
come under the LMW holding facility. That's about it. As far as there's no major 
investment which is going inside UAE. It is only a transfer of business. 
 
What we have is the assembly plant which we already invested in 2022. With 
respect to the ATC business, Our order book is in the range of almost 250 to 300 
crores is the order book for this business over next one and a half years. And that 
would get executed , as and when the full orders come subsequently then it will 
also get executed. 
Of course I am only giving you whilst we say that there are order books visibility 
because we have order books for three years. Our visibility based on the what 
they call the purchase orders which are flashed for us. The contracts are for 
longer period ,but purchase orders get flashed for us every time for quite a long 
period of six months to one year and that would be closer to around 500 odd 
crores. Thank you. Back to you, Mr. Samir 
Moderator 
Thank you so much sir. Next we have the question from Mr. Manish Goyal. Mr. 
Manish you have already been unmuted and we are ready for your question. 
 
Mr. Manish Goyal 
Yeah, thank you so much. Hope you can hear me. 
 
Mr. Senthil 
Yes Mr. Manish, thank you. Please go ahead. 
 
Mr. Manish Goyal 
Yeah, thank you so much. Sir I have few couple of questions just to clarify. On 
the LMW UAE what were the revenues and profitability with the comparable 
numbers. If you can share. Second on how is the likely, you did mention the order 
book is for the Exports is roughly 280 crores. So is it pertaining to overall export 
order book or it is pertaining to only the UAE subsidiary.  

That was the second question and third question on the TMDs for the domestic 
market and exports both if you can give us perspective that are we getting project 
orders or these are all largely the standalone machines order and how do we see 
you perform on quarter on quarter improvement in order inflow.  
Maybe if you can give some more perspective as to how is the scenario now and 
do you expect that this five-day working schedule to then be restored to your 
normalized working schedule of six days and on the Machine Tool Division, I 
believe you did mention that auto share is declining. So, when we are seeing flat 
revenue growth is it that because of decline in auto which is probably 
compensating on the growth in the non-auto sector. And so going forward how 
do we See.  
The growth rate going forward? How is the order pipeline building up and, on the 
margins, Front like still are we probably seeing challenges from our new launches 
in VMC, HMC and probably they are impacting the overall margins due to 
launches of new machines. And when can we see margin improvement? We going 
back to double digit margin of 14-15%. Sir. Yeah. These are the few questions. 
Thank You so much. 
Mr. Senthil 
Thank you. Thank you. Mr. Manish, I think with respect to the current actually 
for the six months we did around 49 crores. The range of around 45 rather a little 
bit low I think it's 4%. But last year the turnover for the same period was around 
149 crores and it's around 8% was the profitability there Now these 285 crores is 
the overall export order book.  
So, this  3300 crores apart which was the domestic orders, this 284 is more on 
the export order book which they sit on of which I did also mention the challenges 
of the Bangladesh because this is comprised of orders which where we got lcs but 
you know because of things we are not able to dispatch. So that is the reason the 
export as a sales value is a little bit less.  
Now with respect to the domestic order book things like I said last three quarters 
if you see definitely things are improving but they're improving marginally 
predominantly I would say these are still modernization orders. I would put only 
20 as projects. 80% would still be modernization. So, you can take anywhere from 
you know plus 5% plus minus 5%. So, 20-25% being project and balance 70-74% 
being the unitary machine orders like I mentioned already. Considering the order 
booking and also the fact that the well served active order book for us to support 
these orders. It is definitely being a challenge and our capacities like I mentioned 
is closer to the range of 40-50%. I don't think we will go back to  full working till 
our capacity goes up.  

So right now, we can't give a very clear indication of when we'll be normalizing 
back to six days. Now coming to Machine tool division, the reason of there are 
two ways to look at this, the reason of having lower auto sector contribution to 
our turnover is basically because of increase in the VMCs which was a new 
addition to the line which was done probably almost for last two years. And slowly 
the volume as a percentage is also increasing as a volume and as a percentage 
VMCs are kind of increasing which is catering to the non-auto sector. And as you 
Know this MTD business, there is no major auto pipeline.  
We maintain  one and a half months maximum order booking and delivering. So. 
But I would say that yes, it is the offtake has been better. We are seeing the 
numbers grow. As far as the vertical machine centers are concerned, we have 
also launched our horizontal machining centers and  a couple of machines are 
also launched there.  
Definitely one of the reasons for that the margin is that the second reason is the 
fact that the foundry, since this is mission to learn foundry business put together. 
The foundry utilization is also similar to that of textual missionary because 
foundry is pretty much feeding into textile and the mission tool division. There is 
a loss in foundry division which is also kind of pulling the margins down in our 
MTD and foundry put together because of underutilization of capacities in the 
foundation.  
But yes, there is as we build the members in the VMCs then there will be 
definitely like to like price revisions. I mean we’ll; we'll see how where we should 
get the margins to. But at the current phase as it stands, we are building our 
capability and also our market share in VMC business. Thank you. Back to you 
Mr. Sameer 
Moderator 
Thank you, Senthil sir. Next, we would like to proceed with the questions from 
Mr. Kushal. 
Mr. Kushal Daga, you have been unmuted. We can also have your video turned 
on if you like and we are ready for your questions. 
 
Mr. Kushal Daga 
Thank you so much sir. Couple of quick questions. Number one, so although 
auto is a smaller part of our business, but given auto slowdown that we're seeing 
in the market, what is the impact that you believe it will have? The slowdown will 
happen on our volumes. And typically, in your experience historically how long 
do these auto cycles last? Was question one and second question sir, overall, in 
your view for the MTD division, what would be the volume growth that you expect 
over the next three to five years. In the MTD division? 

Mr. Senthil 
I think I've pretty much answered this, thank you for the question, Mr. Kushal. 
Yeah, see where we want to get to. I think whatever turnover we have, right what 
we're currently clocking and like I said it is closer to 70% only. So, there is enough 
cushion for us to kind of ensure that we  utilize the capacities what we are kind 
of provided for in this particular business. So, there is enough room for us to 
grow. 
There is enough room in the market for everyone to grow as well. I think I should 
also add that. Now specifically with respect to the auto cycles, so many things 
happening with respect to the auto sector, especially the EVs coming in and quite 
a few changes which are happening in the auto sector. We have not seen the 
flatness in the turnover because of auto sector alone.  
I would like to add that generally what I was mentioning is the reliance on auto 
sector is only at 40% of our MTD business sales. So we are, we and generally are 
of the opinion that compared to auto sector, the non-auto sector is also growing 
substantially, especially with PLI schemes with  China plus one factors. There 
are so many other factors which are kind of out there which is giving enough 
push in the non-auto sector business and especially on the engineering side 
growth.  
So, effectively. We are not looking at this as a major challenge currently and MTD 
would still grow and that's, that's our reading of the sector. Thank you. 
Back to Mr. Sameer. 
Moderator 
Thank you, Senthil Sir, once again we're going through the list of attendees but 
at the moment we have no raised hands. We would once again request the people 
in the attendees to raise hands for asking questions. 
Sir, I believe Mr. Manish Goel has a follow up question from what he asked, with 
your permission, can we take him again? 
Mr. Senthil 
Yes. Mr. Manish. 
Moderator 
Mr. Manish, we are ready for your question. You have been unmuted. 
Mr. Manish Goyal 
Yes sir. Yeah, yeah. Thank you, sir. Sir, the revenue breakup, what you gave 
71% and 22. Was it for first half or quarter 2? 
 
 

Mr. Senthil 
Q2 but pretty much it will be the same thing for first half as well. 
 
Mr. Manish Goyal 
Okay. Similar numbers. Almost similar numbers. 
Mr. Senthil 
Similar numbers. 
Mr. Manish Goyal 
So, sir, so like on the spare parts like still though we probably seeing revenues 
declining but I believe the textile mills capacity utilization or if I put that they are 
not falling significantly. So just wondering why is it that our spares revenue is 
also declining? Liquid. 
Mr. Senthil 
No, actually  If you look at percentage wise of course it is much higher because 
spares in fact has maintained almost same run rate. So, if you were to look at 
the last H1 and now going to H1 to H1, right. So, if you're looking at H1 to H1 of 
current year and last year, as a percentage Perhaps was around 10, 11% or a 
little bit higher perhaps 12%. Now it is 22% but if you look at value it is pretty 
much same. The spares have not come down. Actually, the spares it is still having 
the same run rate. Absolutely you are right. 
Mr. Manish Goyal 
Oh okay. 
Mr. Senthil 
The capacities are, I mean most of the mills are running. The mills which are 
running, are running with very good capacities. Of course there are some 
challenges on the, like I mentioned some, some, some cases on the synthetic mills 
and things like that but otherwise mills are running at near full capacities. 
Mr. Manish Goyal 
Right sir, right. And on the Auto Coner like if you did mention that we can see 
soft launch by end of the quarter. So, like in terms of capacity buildup over there 
and in terms of readiness to meet the demand because it's a quite a large market 
of used to be a thousand crore market. 
So how should we expect that probably next year or probably a year down the 
line. How can it like contribute in terms of volume revenue or what kind of 
revenue capacity we have built up over there? 
 

Mr. Senthil 
See as you know from capacity perspective there is no constraints because 
considering the manufacturing of this internally and this completely and 
indigenous technology, we have kind of developed it here. We have enough 
capacities to go, to go around I think rather the more challenging part and that's 
why I mentioned the soft launch. And we'll get, get to customers, perhaps all the 
by end of it or by an exporter will try and get you those, get to that level. 
 And once we see good feedback in terms of productivity because it has to be good 
quality, has to deliver what, what it has to deliver, I think then we will get to the 
numbers. But there is absolutely, as you know, there's no constraint in terms of 
either capacity for us or the to manufacture these machines here. I think we are, 
we all are trying to see how, how to kind of the market absorption and it has to 
deliver what the best as you know, ring spinning delivers the best yarn because 
yarn being a commodity we have to meet the criteria, the universal quality 
criteria. 
The same thing has to come be done in this mission as well. So, we are looking 
towards that and the feedback from customers and we'll go from there. 
Mr. Manish Goyal 
Thank you so much. 
Mr. Senthil 
Back to you Mr. Sameer. I think someone Mr. Kushal has had his hands raised, 
sir. 
Moderator 
I am just refreshing the list and sir; I don't see him with the hand raised. Mr. 
Krishal was already taken. 
No. Okay, he's still here. He's in the list of panellists. Yes sir. 
Mr. Kushhal Daga 
No, thank you so much for taking the question. Again, a quick question outside. 
So, this is again for the MTD division. 
Outside of auto and general engineering we are seeing a lot of other sectors 
growing very fast like EMS, MedTech. So, in that case what is the philosophy that 
the company has in terms of technical Partnerships with maybe global players 
who are not in India currently. Do we only want to focus on building machines 
in house or is there any technical collaboration possible so that our go to market 
is a little faster than making the machines in house? 
 
 

Mr. Senthil 
I think. Thank you for the question. As you know we already do have a technical 
collaboration with DMG Mori and in fact we manufacture the machines, their 
machines in India for them to sell globally. 
So definitely I think the thought process here is that Machine tool industry is 
absolutely a vast industry. I mean you spoke about MedTech; you spoke about 
EMS. You should, if you take the size of the machines it goes from such a machine 
making, commissioning a small component of this size to an engine for a, you 
know, a large generator with 3 tons or 2 tons worth of casting sitting in the 
machine. 
So, the range is very, very large and we definitely working and definitely we will 
look forward to such opportunities and as and when it comes, we'll definitely 
make use of that. But it's a vast industry and we definitely take the point that we 
should be looking not just at developing ourselves but also at other potential 
partners. Point taken. 
Thank you. Back to you Mr. Sameer. 
Moderator 
Thank you Senthil sir, once again we would like to run through the list of the 
attendees. So, at the moment we have no raised hands. Okay, now we have        
Mr. Kushal again. 
Mr. Kushhal Daga 
Sorry sir, just one quick question on the partnership with DMG Mori. What is the 
focus of that partnership? I mean is it, what is that partnership giving us? 
Like have we got any thermal management technology from them, any recession 
focus technology from them for DMG Mori, what is the partnership that we have 
with them? 
Okay, what we have is that we manufacture the machines for the spec of DMG 
and it is branded DMG and it is sold because it only says it is manufactured in 
India. So whatever technology which comes along with the machine is part of the 
machine. So, there is nothing like we. So, we let me put it in a different way, we 
give a complete machine with all the technology which DMG would offer to its 
end customer. Again, only thing I would like to add is that these are specific 
machines, right? This is not the entire range of machines; this is one specific 
machine. 
So, as we progress, we would definitely be deeper and deeper, will be more 
comfortable to different look at other machines and be part of their 
manufacturing journey as well. So, your thermal stabilization, what we just now 
mentioned, if it is part of it then it comes as part of the machine. So that is what 
we'll have to put into the machine. Give it to them. 

Moderator 
So, thank you so much for answering that. So, at the moment, we have no raised 
hands. I'll still refresh the list and check it. Once again. 
Thank you. I think. 
Moderator 
I think all the questions are answered, so thank you so much. Thank you. 
Thank you. Thank you once again, everyone, for attending the co-op and we show 
all a happy Deepavali, and we will see you for the next quarter. 
Moderator 
Thank you so much, sir. Thank you so much, all the attendees for joining at this 
earnings call. Thank you so much, everybody, for being patient and thank you 
for the questions that you asked. And once again, thank you so much, everybody, 
for joining us. Thank you so much. Thank you. 
This concludes the meeting. 
***** 
