 
 
 
 
 
 
Ref No.: ICIL/92/2024-25   
 
 
 
 
 
              18th November, 2024 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Company Symbol : ICIL 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code No:  521016 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Investors’ Conference Call held on 8th November, 2024 for Q2 & H1 FY25 
Results 
 
In continuation to our earlier intimation dated 8th November, 2024 regarding audio recording of the 
Investors’ Conference Call and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of Investors’ Conference Call 
held on Friday, 8th November, 2024 at 12:30 p.m. (IST) for Q2 & H1 FY25 Results. 
 
The transcript is also available on Company’s website at  
https://www.indocount.com/images/investor/Transcript-of-Q2-H1-FY25-Investors-Conference-Call-
held-on-November-8-2024.pdf  
 
You are requested to kindly take note of the same. 
 
Thanking you,                                                                                                                                                                        
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Satnam Saini 
Company Secretary & GM- Legal 
 
 
Encl.: A/a                                                                                                                             
                                                   
SATNAM 
SINGH 
SAINI
Digitally signed 
by SATNAM 
SINGH SAINI 
Date: 2024.11.18 
14:55:44 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 29 
 
 
 
“Indo Count Industries Limited Q2 and H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded 
on the stock exchange on 08th November 2024 will prevail.” Further, no unpublished price sensitive 
information was shared/discussed in the call” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. K.R. LALPURIA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, INDO COUNT 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. K. MURALIDHARAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, INDO COUNT INDUSTRIES LIMITED  

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 29 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q2 and H1 FY'25 Earnings 
Conference Call of Indo Count Industries Limited.  
 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the 
company as on date of this call. These statements are not guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. K. R. Lalpuria – Executive Director and 
CEO of Indo Count Industries Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Lalpuria. 
K. R. Lalpuria: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, and a very warm welcome to all of you joining us 
for Indo Count Industries Limited Q2 and H1 FY'25 Earnings Call.  
 
I am joined by our CFO Mr. Muralidharan and our Investor Relations Advisor.  
 
We hope you had the chance to review the financial results and investor 
presentation available on the stock exchanges and our Company website. Also, 
I would like to greet everybody a Saal Mubarak.  
 
Let me first take you through the industry dynamics that are going on currently: 
The U.S. retail market has shown a positive shift with retail sales picking up in 
September after a slower pace in the previous months. While the sector has 
faced some challenges due to ongoing supply chain and logistic issues, we 
remain encouraged by the resilience of the market, especially and particularly 
with the holiday season approaching.  

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 29 
 
Notably, imports of bed linen from India to the U.S. continue to rise, signaling 
sustained demand from retailers and omni-channel platforms despite these 
temporary obstacles.  
 
Looking to India, the Government's continued focus on enhancing 
international trade and the Indian economy is positioning the country for a 
long-term growth in the textile sector. Free trade agreements with key markets 
such as the Australia and the UAE along with the growing China Plus One 
sourcing strategy are strengthening India's appeal as a major manufacturing 
hub.  
 
With the ongoing new cotton crop season, we expect stable domestic cotton 
prices, which will support our operation and help manage input costs 
effectively. Overall, we are optimistic about the demand of our products, and 
these favorable industry trends create a solid foundation for Indo Count as we 
continue executing our growth strategy.  
 
Beginning of Version 2.0 for Indo Count, positioning for future growth.  
I am pleased to share that Indo Count is embarking on a transformative phase 
of Version 2.0 in our journey. This new phase marks the next chapter in our 
evolution focused on our strategic foundation and positioning the Company 
for sustainable long-term growth.  
 
We are building on our leadership position by investing in a diversified product 
portfolio, targeting premium and branded segments and enhancing our omni-
channel capabilities. The emphasis of this phase is on scaling up in high 
potential segments such as utility, fashion and institutional, all of which are 
expected to drive growth in the coming years.  
 
By making this targeted investment, Indo Count aims to accelerate its revenue 
growth while expanding its market share presence in premium product 
categories. We expect the contribution from the brands to add almost US$100 

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 29 
million to our top line annually over the next three years, solidifying our 
position in the premium segment and this will create further opportunities for 
more value generation.  
 
Strategic acquisition building the foundation for long-term growth.  
We are also significantly expanding our footprint in the utility bedding 
segment. This is demonstrated by recent acquisition of Fluvitex Inc., USA and 
Modern Home Textiles, both key players in the U.S. quilt and pillow market. 
These acquisitions establish our manufacturing footprint in U.S. to 13 million 
pillows and 1.5 million quilts with a combined annual revenue potential of 
US$85 million at full capacity.  
 
These acquisitions not only strengthen our presence across critical U.S. regions 
including the Midwest and West Coast, but they also expand our customer base 
without overlapping the existing clientele of our new businesses. This positions 
us to capture new growth opportunities and further enhance our return on 
investment.  
 
Our vision is to continue building this business, whether through organic or 
inorganic expansion as we see substantial growth potential in the U.S. utility 
bedding market.  
 
CAPEX and investments for growth 
 
In line with our growth strategy, we are continuing to invest in our business. 
CAPEX estimated for FY25 was originally Rs. 165 crores. However, due to the 
additional strategic acquisitions and investments, we have revised this CAPEX 
for FY '25 to Rs. 413 crores. This will be funded through internal accruals and 
debt equally. 
 
The solar energy projects and zero liquid discharge system will be taken up for 
implementation in FY '26.  

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 29 
 
Awards and recognition 
 
I am pleased to share that Indo Count has recently been honored with several 
prestigious awards recognizing our commitment to excellence and 
sustainability. Vastra Ratna Award, (Global Achiever). Mr. Anil Kumar Jain, our 
Executive Chairman was conferred this esteemed award for his outstanding 
contribution to the Indian cotton textile sector at the TEXPROCIL's 70th Jubilee 
Celebration in October 2024. This award was presented by His Excellency, the 
Governor of Maharashtra.  
 
Home Excellence Award.  
In September 2024, we were recognized for demonstrating excellence in 
expanding our business as well as our ongoing investment in sustainability and 
corporate social responsibility by HSPA, New York, USA, the Apex Association 
for Home Textiles in the US. This award was given to our Executive Chairman 
Mr. Anil Kumar Jain and Mr. Mohit Jain, our Vice-Chairman.  
 
CSR Appreciation Award.  
In July 2024, Indo Count received this honor from the CSR One Decade 
Celebration Council in recognition of our decade-long commitment to 
impactful CSR initiatives.  
 
Best Wastewater Treatment Initiative Award and Best Environment Friendly 
Initiative Award. At the Global CSR and ESG Awards in June 2024, we were 
recognized for our industry-leading efforts in environmental sustainability and 
wastewater management.  
 
Financial Performance, Impact of Strategic Investment.  
 
Volumes 
 
Sales volume for Q2 FY '25 stood at 27.8 million meters and H1 FY '25 stood at 
53.1 million meters.  

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 29 
 
Total Income 
 
In Q2 FY '25, our total income stood at Rs. 1,045 crores. For H1 FY '25, our total 
income rose by 12% to Rs. 1,995 crores, up from 1,780 crores in H1 FY '24. The 
sales volume and revenue drop on Y-o-Y basis on account of supply chain 
issues. This is also the reason why the inventories have increased in the last 6 
months. As the supply chain situation normalizes over the next couple of 
quarters, we expect better uptick and normalization of inventory levels.  
 
EBITDA 
 
Our EBITDA for Q2 FY '25 is Rs. 166 crores with an EBITDA margin of 15.92%. 
Similarly, EBITDA for H1 FY '25 stood at Rs. 320 crores with a margin of 16.03%. 
On account of upfront costs and additional expenses related to human 
resources, brand promotion and creation of necessary infrastructure for new 
utility bedding business, there has been an impact of 150 bps on our overall 
EBITDA.  
 
PAT 
 
Our PAT is Rs. 82 crores for Q2 FY '25 against Rs. 114 crores in Q2 FY '24. 
Similarly, PAT for H1 FY '25 stood at Rs. 159 crores compared to Rs. 188 crores 
in H1 FY '24.  
 
EPS 
 
Our EPS for Q2 FY '25 is Rs. 4.12 and H1 FY '25, it is Rs. 8.05.  
 
As of 30th September 2024, our net debt stood at Rs. 1,045 crores with a net 
debt-to-equity ratio of 0.48x. The debt levels have increased to the funding 
secured for recent acquisitions in addition to funding the higher working 
capital requirement of the business. We expect to see the working capital days 
normalize by the year-end.  

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 29 
 
Now, I open the floor for the question and answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  
The first question is from the line of Jatin Damania from Swan Investment. 
Please go ahead.  
Jatin Damania: 
Sir, just want to understand now, as you alluded in your opening remarks that 
our volume declined because of our supply chain issues and which resulted 
into increase in the overall inventory. So, can you quantify in terms of the 
million meters how much inventory has been increased? And is there any 
deferment of the order or the shipment to next quarter?  
K. R. Lalpuria: 
So, that is the sole reason, you see, because of the additional shipments which 
were supposed to happen and bring the inventory levels down, instead you 
can observe from the increased inventory levels  appearing  in the P&L, which 
have increased for deferment due to the supply chain issue will get liquidated 
in the coming quarters.  
Jatin Damania: 
But sir, can you able to quantify in terms of the million meters, I mean, the 
shipment which got delayed in terms of the million meters?  
K. R. Lalpuria: 
No, there were two accounts of the additional tariffs and the shipments which 
were supposed to happen which could not happen due to the supply chain 
issue, it was close to around 2.5 million meters.  
Jatin Damania: 
 2.5. So, 27.8 million metres could have been almost around 3 million meters.  
K. R. Lalpuria: 
Sorry, come again.  
Jatin Damania: 
27.8 million meters that the volume we did will be, which we did is 30 million 
meters because 2.5 million meters has been deferred in the month of October.  
K. R. Lalpuria: 
Correct. 

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 29 
Jatin Damania: 
And secondly, now we have given a guidance of 110 to 115 million meters in 
our last call. Now if you look at the first half volume, so to achieve our lower 
end of the guidance we normally will be requiring 20% volume growth in the 
second half. And if you look at our last two years' numbers, third quarter is 
generally a weak quarter despite the holiday season. So, how much confidence 
are we in terms of achieving the guidance?  
K. R. Lalpuria: 
See, as I mentioned earlier too, we are on track. So, as we progress, we should 
be able to better guide you, and I think we are on track at the moment for the 
guidance, which may result into achieving the lower end of the guidance.  
Jatin Damania: 
And in terms of the margin, I mean, you have already lowered your guidance 
to 15%-16%. So, for the second half or for the next year, how shall one will look 
at the other expenses? Because your brand acquisition will probably add 185 
million U.S. dollar in next three years. So, going ahead, how shall one look at 
the overall other expenses and the employee base for the Company?  
K. R. Lalpuria: 
So, , you see, these are some additional expenditure which we are investing 
into towards human resources and infrastructure and other things which will 
continue because we have acquired two companies and we would like to also 
build the branded segment. So, this will continue at the same pace, and that is 
why we have given a revised margin guidance of 15% to 16% because we were 
impacted in this current H1 to the extent of 150 bps. This will continue, and 
that prompted us to give you the revised margin guidance. So, this investment 
will start paying off in the next four years. And as we grow our business, which 
we have acquired and the branded business which we are promoting, there will 
be an uptick on the margin side. So, we will be able to better provide you by 
the year-end a margin guidance for the next year.  
Jatin Damania: 
That's all from my side. I will come back in the queue again.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Palash Kawale from 
Nuvama Wealth. Please go ahead.  

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 29 
Palash Kawale: 
Sir, my question is related to the acquisition. So, sir, what kind of margins can 
we expect from the new acquisitions? And again, if you could just explain what 
kind of capital requirements would be there for the new acquisitions? Since the 
facilities are built out of Euro, would it be a leaner capital? And again, one more 
question is, what was the basis of the valuation for the acquisition? If you could 
explain that, that would be really helpful.  
K. R. Lalpuria: 
So, as far as  the first question is concerned, the margins are similar to what we 
are earning today. So, it will be in the range of, say, around 16% for the 
acquisitions as well. And as we sweat the asset, we should be able to draw in 
better results as we move forward and add more value to the overall operation 
as well as the product range. So, this answers your first question.  
 
The second question, the valuation has been done with respect to both its 
assets and the business and the customer base. So, it is taken on the basis of 
how much business which we are adding on, what is the current EBITDA level, 
as well as what are the customer base. So, it is a combined call. And that you 
can see as a goodwill in our balance sheet also.  
Palash Kawale: 
Thank you for that. And sir, would these new facilities will be used for the 
Wamsutta brand? 
K. R. Lalpuria: 
To some extent, yes, in the future as we are studying and the Wamsutta brand 
with a longer-term strategy, and we have given this to an agency to see that 
how the brand recall value will help us promote this brand to the retailer. One 
of the part would be to promote this resource into Wamsutta brand in the 
future as well.  
Palash Kawale: 
And sir, I think you said that US$100 million annually can be expected from the 
private brands. So, is it fair to assume that the rest of the revenue you can 
generate from your existing brands, or you will be continuing to acquire new 
brands? And any more acquisitions in terms of facility or anything planned in 
the near future? Is management still looking for new acquisitions?  

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 29 
K. R. Lalpuria: 
So, as far as the branded business, we are clear, this will be an additional 
revenue in the next three years to the extent of US$100 million over and above 
the core businesses we are having. So, that answers your first question.  
 
As far as acquisition, see, we as a Company are a growing company and we 
look for opportunities as well that we acquire these two businesses because 
the utility business was up for grabs, and that is why we invested into it. And 
we look forward to seeing that when we need to invest into the business which 
makes proper sales and proper capital allocation with a proper rate of return 
on investment, we will do, the Board will take appropriate call as and when the 
proposals comes to the Company. So, we are in the growing mode.  
Palash Kawale: 
And sir, is it possible to quantify the pillow and quilt capacity at the Indian 
facility currently? 
K. R. Lalpuria: 
The pillow and quilt facility at what we have acquired, we have stated that 13 
million pillows together can be produced in the U.S., and 1.5 million quilts can 
be produced additionally to the pillows. So, this we have already defined, and 
we have also defined that the peak revenue from both this facility would be 
around US$85 million. And as we move ahead, we will sweat this asset because 
there are opportunities available in the utility bedding business.  
Palash Kawale: 
Sir, I asked about the Indian facility. So, is it possible to quantify the capacity at 
our current facility in India? How many pillow cases or quilts do we produce 
right now?  
K. R. Lalpuria: 
We are already producing for our sheet sets, this pillows in India. So, there is 
no problem producing in India as well, and we have the desired capabilities 
and capacities to produce as much pillows as we can in the Indian capacity. 
There are two pillows for every sheet set which we supply. So, we are already 
producing pillow and supplying. So, we can always add that. I hope I have 
answered your questions. 

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 29 
Palash Kawale: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Surya Narayan 
Nayak from Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. There is no response. We will 
take the next question, which is from the line of Gunjan Kabra from Niveshaay. 
Please go ahead.  
Gunjan Kabra: 
I have two questions. First, what is the thought process behind acquiring 
manufacturing facility in the U.S.? So, because the cost of production in India 
would be much lesser in terms of Home Textiles than in the U.S. So, earlier we 
acquired some brands that was very good, but what is the thought process 
behind acquiring the manufacturing facility in terms of Modern Home or 
Fluvitex? Second, I wanted to understand, okay, if you can answer this one first. 
K. R. Lalpuria: 
Gunjan, thank you for the question. A good question. See, the utility bedding 
business in particular, the pillows are light in weight, and they are fluffier and 
full of fiber. And they occupy a large volume in a container. So, the logistic cost 
if you supply from India will be much, much higher per unit cost, whereas if we 
produce in the U.S. to the retailer's distribution center, it will be less. And the 
duty factor and the logistic cost will get compensated by the additional labor 
cost.  
 
Plus, this is the business of distribution and that is the reason, say, in the U.S., 
why utility manufacturing is scattered around the major areas like the East, 
West, the Central part, the South and the Midwest. So, they put on plants over 
there in order to distribute the goods effectively to the customers, and the 
retailers also would not like to carry that on shelves for a longer period. So, 
they cannot wait for a gestation period of 45 days for goods getting shipped 
from here. And the logistics cost are prohibitive. So, that's the reason they are 
filled in there and distributed. That's the way the business is being carried out 
there.  

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 29 
 
The current utility business is in the hands of the private equity and the private 
equity is focusing upon their financials rather than on the business strategies. 
So, this particular section of the business is up for grabs, and that is the reason 
because India can supply the shells and fill it there, it is a large opportunity for 
us to capture. And that is the reason we and in the peer group also, people are 
seeing this as an opportunity and investment of U.S. footprint.  
 
And secondly, the manufacturing in the U.S. is also helping into addressing the 
geopolitical issues because there is so much volatility into supplying filled 
products over there. So, that is the reason we have invested into the U.S. 
manufacturing base to supply these point of sales and the customer also at the 
end prefer into buying from factories who are closer in the U.S., who are 
onshore in the U.S. So, that is the way the business is transacted.  
Gunjan Kabra: 
So, you are saying that the margins will continue to remain the same. It's not 
that because of the high labor cost there, it will get offset by the logistic cost 
and it will not impact a lot in terms of margin? 
K. R. Lalpuria: 
Yes, of course, because you see, it's like the margin will continue to be similar 
to what we earn today, and our expectation is how we can add more value 
through the branded approach to see that how we can further strengthen our 
margin, both operationally as well as through our marketing techniques.  
Gunjan Kabra: 
And also wanted to understand, so what's the revenue that these companies 
are doing right now, and how much like what capacity utilization are they 
operating at right now, and in how much time we will be able to ramp it up in 
terms of when Indo Count takes it over? 
K. R. Lalpuria: 
So, as far as Fluvitex is concerned, it is operating at 50% capacity, and as far as 
Modern Home is concerned, because it started this year only, it is operating at 
35% capacity. So, this we should be able to ramp up to 75% in FY '26.  

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 29 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dipesh Agarwal from UTI AMC. Please go 
ahead.  
Dipesh Agarwal: 
My first question is if I look at the additional cost which is coming due to the 
branded business acquisition, that seems to be 15 crores per quarter since last 
two quarters which takes up the total amount to roughly 60 crores of annual 
cost increase. How much of this would be an upfront cost and how much of 
this would be a recurring cost?  
K. R. Lalpuria: 
So, as I mentioned, you see, the entry levels which has gone up, those are the 
additional cost which we are incurring through interest on the working capital 
and the additional cost which we have maintained. So, the recurring cost will 
be more or less similar to what we are investing into the expenses which we 
are incurring except for some logistic cost which might be reduced.  
Dipesh Agarwal: 
No, my question is with respect to branded business, we would be making 
some investments, right? There could be some upfront cost and some would 
be the recurring cost as you spend on the marketing every year or the 
employee cost. So, if you can tell us what is the quantum of upfront cost which 
would be non-recurring?  
K. R. Lalpuria: 
No, see, the manpower, and the logistic cost and the brand promotional 
expenses will continue. Now we cannot quantify because the brand promotion 
will depend upon how and which customer we promote the brand. The 
manpower, of course, will continue.  
Dipesh Agarwal: 
Sir, the other thing is if I look at inventory, the jump seems to be quite sharp. I 
mean, if I look at on a Y-o-Y basis versus last year's September quarter, that's 
up almost 50% plus and even versus March quarter, 25%. Even if I account for 
2.1 million shipments delay, that doesn't reconcile the increase such a sharp 
amount. Can you help us understand what happened more on the inventory 
side?  

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 29 
K. R. Lalpuria: 
See, there are two things happening on the inventory front. One is the transit 
time is increasing to the U.S. because of the Red Sea issue.  
 
Second is the availability of the containers at the right moment.  
 
The third is because of the volatility and geopolitical uncertainties, we are also 
trying to pre-pone some of the shipments which we are doing to the customer 
in order to secure their supply chain. So, there is an investment into the 
inventory onto various accounts, plus we have been carrying the cotton till the 
season ends. The season has just started, and we also import a lot of cotton 
which are branded.  
 
So, all this adds up to, you see the inventory levels and plus the increased 
activity because the volume and the value, the revenues are going up because 
of the increased activity also, there is additional working capital and additional 
inventory level to be carried upon. So, those are the investments which we are 
doing. And as I mentioned, once they get normalized, we will come back to the 
normalized level as what we had projected at the beginning of the year.  
Dipesh Agarwal: 
So, basically we account for our sales only when they reach to the customer 
warehouses and the transit period which is sitting in our inventory. Is that 
understanding correct?  
K. R. Lalpuria: 
Yes, to some extent, whatever we deliver to the US company, as per the Inco 
terms, you know, the DDP and the shipment we do on those terms when they 
get delivered, the sales are being booked.  
Dipesh Agarwal: 
So, effectively higher inventory also means possibly in second half we could 
have a higher sales.  
K. R. Lalpuria: 
Yes, to some extent, yes, but whatever inventory which I mentioned in my 
opening remarks are going to get liquidated because of the additional transit 
goods as well as some goods which were in the process of shipping out. So, 
once they happen, the inventory level will normalize.  

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 29 
Dipesh Agarwal: 
And sir, lastly, if you can share the existing revenue and EBITDA numbers for 
Fluvitex and Modern Home. I understand you are guiding $85 million 
incrementally, but what is the existing number they are doing?  
K. R. Lalpuria: 
See. Fluvitex as a Company is doing close to US$25 million with an EBITDA level 
of 16%, and MHT has just started this year. So, it is getting up to speed. And as 
I mentioned earlier that it is operating at 35% capacity utilization. So, as we 
move ahead, and with our product portfolio and with our kind of management 
and plus supplying them the shelves to certain extent, we should be able to 
ramp up both the capacity utilization as well as some margin saving.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Surya Narayan 
Nayak from Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. Since there is no response, we 
will move on to the next participant. The next question is from the line of Palash 
Kawale from Nuvama Wealth. Please go ahead.  
Palash Kawale: 
Sir, your average realizations have kind of bounced back and have remained 
stable for last 3-4 quarters. So, can you expect like 5% CAGR for the next 2 to 
3 years given the cotton prices remain stable? Is it a fair assumption to make?  
K. R. Lalpuria: 
See, we are working always towards improving our margins because it should 
come through operational means, it should come through our brand 
promotion, it should come through higher scale of businesses which we are 
attempting on the fashion bedding and other, the product categories.  
 
So, it is fair to assume that it should improve from here, but a dramatic you see 
improvement has still to be seen from whatever you see volatility and other 
uncertainties we see around as India is also progressing in economy, there is 
inflation. And there the interest cost which we were getting interest subvention 
2% has been withdrawn by the government from July onwards. So, that's why 
the interest cost has gone up. The labor cost is moving up. So, you see, there 
are a lot of balances which we need to do while we stay competitive and we try 
to earn a better margin.  

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 29 
 
So, our endeavor always would be to see how we add value to our entire 
product mix and see that how we sell to better customers and how we can 
optimize our cost moving forward. So, those are the endeavors which we are 
always attempting to do, and that's what you would also see that we have been 
able to maintain our margin to 16% in spite of additional expenses which we 
have incurred into various accounts which were one-off. So, I would only say 
that, you see, whatever Investments which we are currently doing into every 
activity will start paying off, say, in FY '26-'27. So, we are quite optimistic about 
moving ahead in order to both grow our revenues as well as our margin. 
Palash Kawale: 
Thank you for that, sir. And sir, you mentioned that you can get to 75% 
utilization for newly acquired capacity in FY '26. So, even if I take a conservative 
number, is it possible that you will reach 350 to 400 crores additional revenue 
from these entities next year, apart from what you are doing in India?  
 
K. R. Lalpuria: 
Yes, that's what it means. You have answered my question. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala 
from Elara Capital. Please go ahead.  
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Sir, just wanted to understand with these acquisitions and pillow cases that you 
are doing now, is it only for U.S. market or it will be used for other markets as 
well? And you mentioned about the cost advantage that is there by setting up 
facility over there, but at the same time, how will the logistics work in terms of 
fabric procurement or whether it will be procured from India, your units, or it 
will be procured from nearby destinations?  
 
K. R. Lalpuria: 
No, you mean to say the supply chain like the shells or? 
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
No, not the shells. Both the shell as well as the fillings.  
 
K. R. Lalpuria: 
Yes, so, you see, there are options available to us. So, if it is economical, mostly 
we will try to see how we can support the supply chain from our shells. So, the 
endeavor would be that, but if there are certain special fabrics which are much 
more competitive, like, say in synthetic or blends where other countries are also 
very competitive, so we will treat this as a separate profit center.  

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 29 
 
Because this acquisition has been done through our Indo Count Global our U.S. 
subsidiary, so we are treating that as a separate profit center. And we will see 
to it that wherever there is competitiveness apart from cotton where India is 
competitive, we will outsource that from either nearby countries or from the 
same country because this fiber is also available in the U.S. and from other 
countries as well. So, that answers your question, but our Endeavor would be 
to utilize our capacity initially if it works out on the price level.  
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
And this acquisition, suddenly you and peers both have started doing this 
pillow acquisition. So, anything specific that is happening in pillow, which we 
should know, or is it just coincidence?  
K. R. Lalpuria: 
No, you see, it's a coincidence. Basically, these companies were doing well and 
as we have been growing our business in fashion, utility, institutional, which I 
have been mentioning every quarter and every year. So, we have been focusing 
on to see that how we develop these three segments particularly which are 
correlated to the Bedding segment.  
 
So, we are a focused player, and when it comes to say pillow, it is part of the 
bed linen segment. So, once we were investing and growing the utility, fashion 
and the institutional business where pillow forms a part, it just so happened 
that we went ahead with this acquisition in order to grab this opportunity and 
the customers were also not overlapping. So, as a business decision we have 
taken this.  
 
And as I mentioned earlier, the utility bedding business because of the logistic 
issues and because of the supply issues and the China plus One issue is there 
where China was dominating, we saw this opportunity, and we went ahead and 
did this acquisition. So, that much I can say.  
 
Now we will focus upon this category because we are a focused company on 
the bed linen side. So, definitely pillow form part of this overall category, and 
we will focus upon it to see how we can scale it up.  

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 29 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
And sir, the cost structure in the businesses are increasing now with respect to 
logistics cost like freight or container cost or maybe also Indian cotton prices 
are expensive to international cotton price because of import duty and 
government interference. So, how are the margins of the core business apart 
from whatever investments we are doing is impacting our business for future 
growth, but how are the core margins behaving now and are looking for future? 
K. R. Lalpuria: 
See, that's what I mentioned, Prerna, in my earlier answer. You see, there are 
challenges, of course, on the margin front because as the Indian economy is 
growing and the inflation in India is growing, there are challenges we being in 
manufacturing here. We are incurring cost, but our entire endeavor of the 
company is to see that how we move into the value addition segment.  
 
 
Now the value addition segment when we say are the fashion, utility, 
institutional business which we have been saying upon all these four, five years 
where we have strategically moved into from our core business of sheet which 
we have also demonstrated in our investor deck, that we are entering into a 
target market of $11 billion, which China was dominating. So, you see there is 
a big opportunity out there in order to scale up our business in those activities 
where there is a better target market instead of moving into a smaller target 
market area in other product category.  
 
 
So, definitely you see, we see that we need to balance out through value 
addition means to better customer, better product mix and see how we can 
operationally excel into producing more competitively as we move ahead. So, 
this is the balance which we have been doing on as a company and we are 
investing into automation, into technology, into our talented people, team etc., 
and see that how we can market effectively in the market place still keeping 
our margins intact and grow from there. So, this is what we are attempting to 
do.  
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
And last question, sir. This Indian capacities, given the current scenario and new 
businesses, when do we see full utilizations coming in?  

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 29 
K. R. Lalpuria: 
See, we have already like started this journey when people asked us about our 
GHCL acquisition, and if that doesn't have happened, we would not be 
answering this question today. So, it has worked on well for us, and the capacity 
which we have drawn is like world class to the extent of 153 million meters.  
 
Now we already have given guidance, and we are like see that looking at the 
trend and looking at the business wherein we are walking in the future, we are 
confident that, say, by FY '27 we should be able to utilize the capacity till March 
'27. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Dipen Shah who is 
an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Dipen Shah: 
I had a couple of macro questions. You mentioned in the opening remarks that 
the situation in the export market is improving. If you could just give us some 
more insights into whether the destocking is completely over and when do we 
expect the restocking to start especially with relating to the season which 
comes after the festive season, that is after the Christmas? So, would you have 
some more visibility into how the first half of the next calendar is spanning out 
for you? That is the first question.  
 
And the second question is, there were some news reports though 
unconfirmed that the Red Sea issue is getting solved over the last 2 to 3 days. 
Would you have some insights on that, maybe some ground realities, if you 
could help us on that?  
K. R. Lalpuria: 
No, second question I was not able to pick up, Dipen. 
Dipen Shah: 
There were some unconfirmed rumors that Houthi have declared a ceasefire 
and the situation in the Red Sea could improve from here on. So, is that 
something which you are also seeing? Because that is a very important part of 
our cost which has impacted us over the past few quarters.  

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 20 of 29 
K. R. Lalpuria: 
So, to answer your second question, we haven't heard about that as a 
confirmed report yet from both, the shipping companies as well as informed 
resources at our end. But if you have that information, you can share with us. 
But I would here submit that the freight cost in general have toned down a 
little bit. But still the supply chain transit time is still there due to the Red Sea 
issue, which has impacted everybody's working capital to the extent of almost 
25 days more. So, one has to consider that.  
 
As far as the demand is concerned, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, 
there are positive steps taken up by the U.S. in form of reduction in the interest 
rate, which has put in a positive tone in the overall market, and which has 
helped companies to regain their confidence that the Federal Government is 
inclined to take positive steps to make the business happen. And now we have 
the elections also over. So, we will see to it that these are behind us and proper 
policy formulation, which are forward-looking, should help the business to 
improve from here, because once the administration starts working in the form 
of improving the economy, which they would, this is what our belief is, and 
definitely it will improve the overall situation and environment of the market.  
 
Now whatever we are seeking from our customers, the destocking is over. So, 
there is no question of any stocks being carried over. And that's the reason you 
see we had given an indication of improved guidance on the volume side which 
is also happening from our results also, which you can see that on volume wise 
we have got 9% almost. And if we would have been able to normalize our 
inventory levels, it would have been further up.  
 
So, to answer your question that demand is improving, I can only say that if the 
Red Sea improves, it will be a big relief for all of us as exporters. It should be 
helping us in the positive direction. Definitely, the cost will come down, and the 
overall environment of the situation would improve providing us more 
opportunities to export to different countries and to different markets.  

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 21 of 29 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Simranjeet Bhatia from Almondz Financial. 
Please go ahead.  
Simranjeet Bhatia: 
Sir, I have three set of questions. Can you guide us, when we are going to see 
the peak level of debt, total debt in the company in upcoming years. And 
because currently gross debt is close to around 1,400 crores, so when we are 
going to see the peak level of debt?  
 
Second, can you give some guidance when we can fully absorb the expenses, 
which we have incurred for the acquisition in upcoming quarters?  
 
And third, as we are hearing a lot of things on the U.S. economy with Trump 
elected as President, that the way we are going to go for the tax cuts and the 
government borrowing is bound to increase, and there is some deportation of 
the people from the U.S. So, as per the reports, this will lead to increase in the 
inflation in the U.S. economy. Are you seeing that in 2025? Will the increase in 
inflation in the U.S. economy will impact your business to some extent? These 
are the three questions.  
K. R. Lalpuria: 
So, I will answer you the third question, which you asked. So, it will be 
appropriate to mention here that let Mr. Trump take offices by end of January 
2025. Then he will start formulating the policies. I can only say that with the 
current Prime Minister, India enjoys a good relationship, and there is a positive 
outlook, which we hear in the entire media, that India has got a better 
relationship and which India always enjoyed with the U.S., whichever 
government was there. But this will be better off. That's what people anticipate 
and we also anticipate the same.  
 
As far as duty is concerned, I already answered that once he takes offices, we 
will be better off into saying that how the policies will be worked out towards 
addressing the overall economy. But I think futuristic, is a forward-looking 
president, strong in economical order and should definitely help the businesses 

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 22 of 29 
to grow. So, that's what his agenda which he has spelled out during his election 
campaign. So, this is your answer to the third question.  
 
As far as the expenses are concerned, we have already mentioned that these 
are initial expenses wherein, you know, we are trying to promote our brands 
which we have acquired and which we have licensed for. Our attempt is to see 
how we can sell our product mix into the branded segment wherein we have 
elevated to the premium and branded segment that regarding the positioning 
of these brands in the market place.  
 
So, once we start getting results which we would from FY '26 onwards, we have 
already indicated that our branded sales would start coming in from Q4 
onwards to certain extent, and it will ramp up in the FY '26. And plus, the assets 
where we have invested in, we had hired human resources to handle the U.S. 
manufacturing and the marketing as well wherein these revenues also from the 
acquisition will start coming in FY '26 which I already mentioned which will be 
to the extent of 75% of our capacity utilization. So, this will also help in to pull 
in certain expenses. So, the expenses will start reducing by, say, FY '27, it will 
be coming into full absorption. So, as far as the expenses are concerned, I have 
answered your second question.  
 
The first question is about the overall debt. So, as I mentioned in my earlier 
statement also, the inventory level has moved up. So the working capital has 
moved up because of increased activity and because of certain spill over due 
to the supply chain issue. I have also mentioned that this will normalize towards 
the end of the year.  
 
To a certain extent, a certain investment into working capital will still remain, 
and if you can very well observe that there are so many uncertainties and 
volatility in the world. Just now certain question was there about Red Sea, the 
Houthi agreement happened and there is then this container issue is there, the 
freight issues are there, the transit time issues are there.  

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 23 of 29 
 
So, we are addressing as we move ahead all these activities in the normal 
business course, and once they normalize to certain extent, which we all hope 
so, it will help us into reducing our overall debt. And as I mentioned earlier too, 
we are a growing company. And as I mentioned, we are walking through 
Version 2.0 of Indo Count where there is a transformation happening that we 
are entering into new product categories, new businesses and new 
manufacturing set up.  
 
So, this all will help us into drawing further revenue in FY '26 and '27, and as 
we indicated in FY '24 that we will double the revenue. We still are on track 
towards that. So, I can only say to that that once we start drawing in revenues 
through our assets and the sweating of this asset will help us not only reducing 
the expenses and the debt but the overall situation and improving our margin 
profile.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Surya Narayan Nayak from Sunidhi 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
Surya Narayan Nayak: 
Most of the questions have been answered. So, only one question is that how 
the branded segments of estimates of around 20 to 22 million meters of sheets 
that you are planning to add up or ramp up in the next three years. If you can 
throw some light on that.  
K. R. Lalpuria: 
See, what we have mentioned, Mr. Narayan, is that we will be able to draw in 
revenues to the extent of US$100 million in the next three years, and this will 
start from, say, this Q4 of this year, FY '25, and will ramp up in FY '26 and '27.  
 
Now, the question of utilizing our capacity is concerned, as we had earlier also 
conveyed, that these are across product categories in the brands which we are 
promoting. So, it is not only bed sheets, but bed linen are a part of this overall 
matrix.  

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 24 of 29 
 
We are also supplying in the brands like bath, curtains, windows, rugs and other 
accessories. So, it will formulate to, it will be to see how much we utilize our 
capacity from here in India. So, once we ramp up this sales in FY '26, we will be 
better off to tell you how much capacity utilization will be through our branded 
sale. So, we will be better off then, Mr. Narayan, to tell you that.  
 
But our Endeavour, as I mentioned to the earlier questioner also, will be to see 
that how we utilize our capacity from the branded sale over here in India. 
Wherever there is a cotton outlay, we should be able to do that because India 
is competitive in cotton. Wherever there is synthetic material, India is 38% 
expensive to China. So, this is where I am coming from.  
Surya Narayan Nayak: 
So, my understanding is that at around the current price level, we will be 
getting a volume of around 20 to 22 million meters. So, just now if we can 
assume some percentage maybe 10, 30, 60 ratios, so that is kind of possible 
for next three years because the current, another point is that current utilization 
is hovering around 73%. So, we could be heading towards 70% utilization this 
year. So, because brands could be asking for different set of patterns and 
designs, so will it affect the overall utilization anyway?  
K. R. Lalpuria: 
It will definitely. As I mentioned, wherever there is a cotton and wherever our 
product which will be consumed by the brand, definitely it will add on to 
capacity utilization. But we cannot mention in million meters as of now because 
this will ramp up later.  
Surya Narayan Nayak: 
And sir, given your CAPEX program of around 413 crores and you have 
migrated some of the like ZLD and solar projects to FY '26. So, what could be 
the debt levels we can think of to repay because some of the debts are related 
to the acquisition that has come? So, are you thinking of repaying any debts 
on the longer side, long-term side?  
K. R. Lalpuria: 
Yes, of course, because as we draw in internal accruals, definitely our endeavor 
will be to reduce our overall debt. Because the interest rate have normalized 

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 25 of 29 
now to almost like 7.5%, it is costing us due to withdrawal of the interest 
equalization scheme by the government. So, the company would always see to 
it that how from an internal accrual it can invest into growth wherever there 
are opportunities and also at the same time, manage the inventory and the 
working capital efficiently, and third is to reduce the debt.  
Surya Narayan Nayak: 
And sir, in the working capital side, I agree that to some extent due to the 
supplying chain issues, the inventory level has spiked maybe around 15 to 17 
days and overall it is around 27 days gross basis, gross working capital. So, 
what can you see that now due to the crisis getting resolved near term as the 
media reports are suggesting to pan out, I mean, for FY '25 and FY '26, the rest 
of the part of the FY '25 and FY '26? 
K. R. Lalpuria: 
So, you see, there are two issues here. One is the increased activity on the 
overall business. So, that is increasing our inventory level on an absolute term, 
number one.  
 
Number two, because of the volatility and the supply chain issues you see, it is 
adding on to goods and the process also of supplying through our U.S. offices 
will also increase the transit time, you know, and that is the reason it is hurting 
on the number of working capital days to the overall inventory level. Because 
we can only book sales once it is delivered over there in the U.S. And that itself 
has increased by almost 20 days.  
 
So, what we anticipate in the future going forward is, if the logistic issues 
normalize, we definitely will be able to reduce, as I mentioned earlier, and 
normalize the inventory level by the end of the year.  
Surya Narayan Nayak: 
And sir, regarding the certain expenses that has come in as legal expenses and 
other things, so, you in opening remark you said some expenses will be still 
built in. So, as an exceptional item, so how much we can attribute to the initial 
expenses of the acquisition?  

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 26 of 29 
K. R. Lalpuria: 
So, it will be hard to say, because you see, those are not very large and 
substantial. But the overall expenses towards human resources, towards the 
infrastructure creation of the brand like the showrooms, etc., then investing 
into initial pre-operative expenses to acquire the asset. So, all these are 
summed up together. And that's why you see we reported that immediately.  
 
And I answered that question also that apart from logistic, the other will be 
recurring to in the nature like the human resources and brand promotional 
expenses, because our endeavor is to promote the brands and to promote the 
new acquisition which we have done, they are product mix. So, it will continue 
to certain extent. But the good thing is that once the revenue stream starts, 
they will be able to absorb this expenses. Now, because the revenue has not 
started, it is straight away eating up our EBITDA.  
Surya Narayan Nayak: 
And sir, regarding the peak revenue of the acquired assets roughly around 700 
to 800 crores of revenue, that is onshore, so how much differential in the 
logistic cost from Indian operations going there vis-à-vis onshore operations 
supplying to the U.S. market? 
K. R. Lalpuria: 
So, that's a difficult question to answer because, you see, there are many kinds 
of pillows and quilts which are offered into different weight structures. So, we 
cannot calculate that what would be the freight difference if we supply 700 and 
800 crores from here. It will be quite substantial because if you see that in a 
container you can just stuff 2,500 pillows, and it costs you almost like $6,000. 
So, how you justify that? You cannot sustain that.  
 
So, you see, we need to relook at the overall business model which is being 
pursued by the existing player out there, where this is a gain for distribution 
and manufacturing in the USA, and this is the preference by the customers that 
they need the manufacturing closer up to their distribution base. And that's 
what we have to ventured into, and that's what we did. So, it should be looked 
from that angle.  

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 27 of 29 
Surya Narayan Nayak: 
And regarding CAPEX, sir, regarding the acquisitions drives that have been 
made since last couple of quarters, so, shall we mean that it is at the moment 
a pause mode or still something is agreeing? That is from my conception. 
K. R. Lalpuria: 
No, you see, we are studying the utility bedding business overall, because now 
we have acquired two facilities, which is one on the Midwest and the second is 
on the West Coast. So, we are seeing how it will pan out. And as a company, 
you see, the Board will take appropriate call that as if the opportunity arise, we 
will go into both organic and inorganic means of investing into the business 
because the business opportunity is there and that we need to capitalize 
properly.  
Surya Narayan Nayak: 
Just last question is that now what would be the threshold utilization level of 
Indian operations you see before you plan to set off or, let's say, expand the 
Brownfield operations maybe in Bhilad?  
K. R. Lalpuria: 
So, I already mentioned that by March '27 we are anticipating to utilize our 
current capacity, and the Board will take appropriate call. Once we have 
completed FY '26, there will be visibility of what expansion we should do and 
where.  
Surya Narayan Nayak: 
The threshold utilization level I am asking?  
K. R. Lalpuria: 
It should be in the range of around 145 million in textiles. You can't reach 153. 
So, it should be in the range of, say, 144, 145 should be considered in my view 
depending upon again the product mix. So, 90% or 95% of the capacity 
utilization once it reaches, the Board will take appropriate steps.  
Surya Narayan Nayak: 
And sir, the yarn side, do you see any softening going forward because we see 
certain other countries like Turkey and Vietnam, some kind of slow down 
happening. So, do you think those things will be favorable for us going 
forward? 

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 28 of 29 
K. R. Lalpuria: 
No, I already mentioned that, you see, India is considered as a manufacturing 
hub now both post-COVID and post all this logistic and geopolitical issues. And 
we all mention about China Plus One, which is happening. We can all realize 
through the OTEXA data that their market share has reduced dramatically in 
various products. And plus, the overall environment to deal with China, Chinese 
supply chain is getting more and more difficult, which is favoring you know 
countries which are producing textile.  
 
And in my previous call also, I mentioned that there are five major countries 
producing textile: China, India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Vietnam where 
Bangladesh, Vietnam are labor arbitrage. Pakistan has got a saturated supply 
of textiles, and they do not have more investment coming in, modernization 
coming into textile because of their economical condition. China everybody is 
speaking about their market share is pretty large.  
 
So, the only market share which will fall into the lap of countries are like India, 
because India has got a complete value chain to support the supply chain. And 
securing the supply chain is the future is becoming much and much important 
to the retailers because they do not want to lose out on their shelf the material 
so that they lose the customer at the end.  
 
So, India promises then the supply chain, as well as India has performed in the 
past in home textile by grabbing the market share to the extent of 60% in 
sheets and 45% in towels. This proves that our competitiveness is intact. And 
going forward, India is investing into textile more and more with the 
government support. This should help us to ramp up our competitiveness more 
and grab more market share from the other countries. So, definitely it's a 
positive thing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Due to time constraints, this was the last question. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments.  

 
Indo Count Industries Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
Page 29 of 29 
K. R. Lalpuria: 
Thank you. I would like to reiterate that Indo Count is positioned in its next 
phase of growth Version 2.0. Our strategic investment in utility bedding and 
premium brands are driving our expansion. While these investments are 
temporarily impacting our margins, we are confident they will create a more 
diversified and robust business over time. We continue to focus on generating 
strong shareholder value through our ongoing investment and efforts to 
improve operational efficiencies, sustainability and market share. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Indo Count Industries Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
