 
KAYNES TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
(Formerly Kaynes Technology India Private Limited) 
CIN: L29128KA2008PLC045825 
www.kaynestechnology.co.in  
 
email ID: kaynestechcs@kaynestechnology.net  
H.O & Regd Off: 23-25, Belagola, Food Industrial Estate Metagalli PO, Mysore 570016 India 
Telephone No: +91 8214280270 
November 05, 2024 
 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Stock Code – KAYNES 
 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Dept., 
14th floor, P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Stock Code – 543664 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Subject: Intimation of Earnings call transcript for Q2 FY2025. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find the link for the transcript of the Q2 FY2025 Earnings Call, conducted 
on October 30, 2024 and uploaded on the Company’s website. 
 
Particulars  Website link 
Transcript 
https://www.kaynestechnology.co.in/doc/Regulation-46-of-sebi-lodr-
regulation/Earnings%20Call%20Transcript%2030.10.2024.pdf  
 
Kindly take the above information on record and acknowledge it. 
 
Thanking You 
Yours faithfully,  
For Kaynes Technology India Limited 
 
 
 
S M Adithya Jain  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership No. A49042 
 
Enclosed: 
• Transcript of the earnings call 
 
 
 
SALIGRAMA MOHAN 
KUMAR ADITHYA JAIN
Digitally signed by SALIGRAMA 
MOHAN KUMAR ADITHYA JAIN 
Date: 2024.11.05 12:31:54 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
  
 
“Kaynes Technology India Limited 
Q2 FY 25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MRS. SAVITHA RAMESH – CHAIRPERSON OF THE BOARD 
– KAYNES TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. RAMESH KANNAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
KAYNES TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH SHARMA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
KAYNES TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. JAIRAM SAMPATH – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – KAYNES TECHNOLOGY 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. SUMIT VERMA, INVESTOR RELATIONS – KAYNES 
TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
 
ORIENT CAPITAL TEAM -- INVESTOR RELATIONS 
PARTNERS – KAYNES TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. BHOOMIKA NAIR -- DAM CAPITAL ADVISORS 
LIMITED 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Kaynes Technology Q2 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Dam Capital Advisors Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 

 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. 
Bhoomika Nair from Dam Capital Advisors. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone, and a warm welcome on the Q2 FY25 Earnings Call of 
Kaynes Technology. We have the management today being represented by Mrs. Savitha 
Ramesh, Chairperson of the Board; Mr. Ramesh Kannan, Managing Director, Mr. Jaiaram P. 
Sampath, Whole Time Director and Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Rajesh Sharma, Chief 
Executive Officer. 
At this point, I'll hand over the floor to Mr. Kannan for his initial remarks, post which we'll open 
up the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ramesh Kannan: 
Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Kaynes Technology team, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the earnings call for Quarter 2, FY 2025. I have along with me Mrs. Savitha Ramesh, 
our Chairman of our Board; Mr. Jairam Sampath, Whole Time Director and Chief Financial 
Officer; Mr. Rajesh Sharma, Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Sumit Verma, Investor Relations, and 
Orient Capital Team, our Investor Relations Partners. 
I am pleased to inform you that we have been able to achieve a revenue of INR10,661 million* 
during the half-year FY25, which represents a strong growth of 64% year-on-year. The 
operational EBITDA margin, excluding other income for the half-year 2025, was at 13.8%, and 
PAT margin was at 10.3%. 
*Note: Management Erroneously mentioned revenue as INR 10,661 million the same stands at 
INR 10,761 million 
Coming to our performance for the quarter-ended Q2 financial year 2025, our total revenue was 
INR5,721 million, registering a growth of 59% year-on-year. Our Q2 FY25 operational 
EBITDA was INR821 million, registering a growth of 68% year-on-year, with an operational 
EBITDA margin of 14.4% for the quarter-to-FY 2025. Our order book surged from INR 50,386 
million in Q1 FY25 to INR54,228 million in Q2 FY25. 
As we move forward, we expect an all-round growth in all the business verticals. Our company 
is delivering design capabilities, including ODM, in several high-yield areas such as Kavach in 
rail signalling and Smart Meter. We believe that the second half would be showing solid growth 
so that our company will cross the milestone of INR3,000 crores in FY25. With the trend in 
EBITDA margin improvement, we believe we will cross the operational EBITDA of 15% this 
year. 

 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
Looking back from where we started two years back and where we reached today, makes me 
immensely happy on what we have been able to capture as a company. We are hopeful that we 
will continue on the same trajectory of growth as a company. 
Today we are on the path of achieving something unique. We will be truly an integrated 
electronic company, which will be in EMS space, OSAT space, as well as high-density 
interconnect printed circuit board manufacturing space. 
All new initiatives are on track and speed of implementation is gearing up, with revenues charted 
as Q4 FY26 for both OSAT and HDI PC board. Our first phase of Smart Meter factory is now 
operational in Telangana. We have also begun construction of our OSAT factory in Sanand, 
Gujarat. Additionally, we have received and decided to start our HDI PC board factory also. 
Kaynes Technology acquisition of Iskraemeco has opened up a significant opportunity worth 
approximately 40 million to 50 million Smart Meters to be executed over several years. These 
developments are significant steps forward for Kaynes, aligning with our company's strategic 
goals. We are confident in our ability to continue exceeding our stakeholders' expectations. 
We believe in fostering a diverse and inclusive workspace. We are proud to have a significant 
number of women on our team and are working to increase women representation as we expand. 
We are excited about the growth potential in sectors like industrial, IoT and IT, aerospace and 
railways. 
By expanding into these areas, we will increase our revenue and profitability. Our success is a 
direct result of our team's hard work and our customers' loyalty. The enduring relationships we 
have built demonstrate our commitment to delivering exceptional value. 
With this, I would like to sincerely thank each and every one of our excellent investors for their 
encouragement so far in our journey and expect continuing support in the future too. Thank you 
all once again and we look forward to exciting times ahead.  
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Jairam Sampath, our Chief Financial Officer, to take you 
through our financial performances. Thank you. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Thank you, Rameshji. Good morning, everyone. First of all, a big thank you to all of you for 
joining today's call. I know these are festival times and all of you must be having some activities 
lined up. So, let me not waste any time and wish you all a good festive season this Deepavali 
and a beautiful New Year following that. 
As we start a new quarter, I'm happy to share with you the Kaynes Technology financial results 
for the period ending Q2, FY25 and we'll be talking about some highlights here and of course 
the rest of the details are already published. So, for H125, we have been able to achieve a revenue 
of 10,761 million, which represents a strong growth of about 64% year-on-year on revenue. 

 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
The operational EBITDA stood at 1,490 million with a year-on-year growth of about 67%. And 
for Q2, FY25, consolidated total revenues were 5,721 million, representing about 59% year-on-
year growth. The consolidated EBITDA for the quarter was about 821 million, showing a 68% 
year-on-year increase. EBITDA margin for the quarter stood at 14.4%. 
Our consolidated PAT for the quarter was 602 million rupees, up by 86%, and the PAT margin 
for the quarter stood at 10.5%. Consequently, our ROCE and ROE numbers adjusted for 
unutilized portions of the feeds is at 17.6% and 18.6% respectively for H125. 
Our current order book stands at about 54,228 million, compared to 50,386 million in Q1 of 
FY25. The networking capital base at the end of September quarter was at about 108 days, which 
is similar to the previous year's same quarter. Our inventory days was at about 107, as we made 
advanced purchases keeping in mind the requirements of the upcoming quarter, which are 
expected to be busy and we plan to execute revenues in excess of about INR3,000 crores in 
FY25. 
The temporary pressure from receivables, too, with a few customers in previous quarter was 
better this quarter. We expect to improve even more in the coming quarters. We have planned 
that the networking capital to come back to the expected lines as we progress. Last year, we had 
delivered about 85 days. This year, probably we'll go closer to about 75, 72 days net working 
capital at the end of the year. 
 
And we'll reduce significantly on average by the end of the year, as just now described. Our 
OSAT project is underway in Sanand, Gujarat, following government approval for our capital 
subsidy, both state government as well as central government approval. We will provide regular 
updates on the construction progress. 
 
We also secured government approval for our HDI PC project, PC board project in Chennai, and 
we'll be sharing updates on that as well. Both projects will start yielding significant revenues 
from the fourth quarter of FY '26. Our Telangana factory phase one for smart meters is up and 
running, and construction for phase two has also started. 
 
Our acquisition of Iskraemeco, which has opened up a potential revenue opportunity of almost 
close to about INR6,500 crores over the next several years. This will help secure about 15%, 
20% of the smart meter orders awarded by various AMISPs. With this acquisition, it will be also 
helpful for Kaynes to become one of the largest suppliers of smart meters to the AMISPs in 
India. 
 
I take this opportunity to thank DAM Capital team for hosting this call. With this, I would request 
all participants to come in with their questions. I now open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from Ravi 
Swaminathan from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on a very good set of numbers and wishing you 
a happy Diwali. My first question is with respect to the industrial and EV segment. Could you 
give a broad sense on the breakup between how much of that would be from the smart meter 
side, how much of it would be from the EV side, and how much of it would be from the other 
industrial business? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes. So, the basic construct of business has not changed much compared to last year. Smart 
meter, while we have acquired the new company and orders have been locked in and we are in 
the process of doing, but not too much of billing has happened in the first half. And so, we don't 
see a huge change in our competition of business between verticals. The only thing that will 
happen is that we start seeing some increase in our railway signaling. Of course, industrial and 
EV will remain large. 
 
Automotive will grow at the rate at which the company's business is growing. And so, IT, IoT, 
Yes, that percentage will go up. You will have percentage of industrial going up because of 
second half smart meters will be coming in, in a larger number. And of course, we expect the 
railway sector also to kind of start picking up a little bit because all the, I think the first quarter 
during the election, and then later on, I think the government was firming up its plans on the 
infrastructure front. So, now that is clear. So, hopefully, in the second half, we will have more 
traction on railways and other things. 
 
And also, as a preparation for next year, I think we, second and third, third and fourth quarter, 
we also expect the aerospace business also, which we have been awaiting for some time now, to 
also gear up. Understood. And happy Diwali to you, Ravi. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Yes, thanks a lot, sir. And the smart meter, 4 to 5 crore pieces over a period of time you are 
talking about. So, does this opportunity open up just because, I mean, we have acquired 
Iskraemeco or it was already there and, I mean, so essentially, this just strengthens the, the 
acquisition just strengthens the ability for you to acquire more business. 
 
And who would be your typical clients in this? Will it be the state governments or will there be 
some central agency which produces smart meters? And what would be the kind of profitability 
in this? Will it be similar to the overall company level profitability? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes. So, acquisition of Iskraemeco is synergistic towards our efforts in the smart meter. It 
definitely aids because the team of Iskraemeco, they are experts in smart meter and all its 
implementation and so on. So, they can provide a lot of support to the AMISPs. They also have 
a lot of proprietary technology for not only the smart meter, but associated softwares, etcetera., 
which can also provide us with a future stream of business, which other smart meter 
manufacturers can also utilize. 
 
And so, so we think that this entire, so why we say several years is because I think there is a 
physical limitation to implementation while the government would like to do it, but I think they 

 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
do it in a phased manner. So, like we had said earlier on, I think, early October, we had mentioned 
that, half the 11 crore meters have been kind of awarded. And we, we probably have about 15%, 
20% share of that in various stages of finalization and then the remaining also will get awarded. 
And we think that 15%, 20% of the total number of smart meters will be ours. Our customers 
will be people like PGCIL or people like IntelliSmart etc, all the various AMISPs who are there. 
Of course, we are not these are information that we don't have consent to take exact names, but 
these are the kind of people who will be our clients.  
Of course, prior to [inaudible 16:29] they had also directly bid in some places, etc. So, we will 
find out some methods of fulfilling those obligations. But bulk of the metering production will 
be basically like what we call the production and supply of smart meters. There is an auxiliary 
line available because the Iskraemeco also has software in MDM and HES, etc. So, we'll be 
offering that to all the other players as and when required and we should not forget that there is 
an export component also in smart meters.  
So, we do have a very big, very large European company which has business interests in North 
America, South America as well as Europe and India. And they have approved us and that is 
also likely to kind of pick up sometime in FY26. And so we think that this is not just the domestic 
play. There's also exports expected here. Thank you. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Understood, sir. Sir, can I take one more question I mean, this is on the Kavach side. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Go ahead. I'll answer it. Others may also have the same question. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Yes. So, with respect to the Kavach side, the Indian government I think they had allocated close 
to INR1000 crores, INR1200 crores on matrix for this year. From our perspective, what 
percentage of that would be an addressable market for us? Where will our components go into 
the entire Kavach system? So, if you can give a broad kind of thought process on that will be 
great? 
Ramesh Kannan: 
Coming to the Kavach our plan is to be an ODM player. We will be allowing this product, once 
it is approved to be used by all rail contractors and large OEMs so that we'll get a large portion 
of business. So, this is similar to our contract manufacturing we're doing it and in some places 
where railway also directly will be quoting. So, that is our plan of taking this ODM as a product. 
Jairam Sampath: 
And of course, we just add to what Mr. RK said we have a German collaborator with whom this 
is being developed and it will be available to all the key OEMs, because we are a services 
company.  So, ODM and manufacturing will do for everybody. So, Kavach total 68,000 route 
kilometers are there, maybe the first half. Half of it is the first broadly the first priority and so 
that half of it is about 30,000 kilometers or so. So that will lead to about INR15,000 crores, 
INR20,000 crores of business out of which you have rightly said about 1,500 is budgeted this 
year. So, we'll see. We are working very hard to get our approvals done.  

 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
Right now, it is in the proof of concept stage. And we hope that at least by when we exit this 
year, we will have a working product which is approved and then, of course, we can bid for 
other. We already started bidding for tenders, but we cannot realize billing unless we complete 
the approval process. So, there are totally 10 people in the fray out of which three have been 
approved already. So, we are among the remaining and we expect about same, about 15%, 20% 
of market share in this particular business. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Understood, sir. Thanks a lot.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Bhartia from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Hi, good morning, sir. So, in the last few quarters we have seen a fairly strong growth in the 
industrial vertical which I guess was driven by EV customers that we had added. How are we 
looking at this particular vertical in the second half given that we are already having a decent 
base of EV customers? Is it that smart metering will continue to drive growth for this vertical in 
the second half as well? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, thanks, Aditya. I think smart metering, of course, will drive the growth of the industrial 
vertical, but in the industrial vertical we have a couple of other people such as there is a company 
in the US for whom we manufacture Industry 4.0 equipment. With our acquisition in the US 
there are also multiple divisions of them have contacted us and we are likely to get enough 
growth.  
So, not only smart meter, but there are many other customers like power electronics, there is a 
customer then this instrumentation customer is there and so on. So, they will all go at more than 
60%. So, we will see a cumulative effect of at least this year there will be a strong growth in the 
industrial sector and electric vehicles is kind of a steady growth rate right now because in our 
case electric vehicle is not just one customer, but all different types of two-wheeler, three-
wheeler, there are charging customers, there are component customers and so on. So, we expect 
the other industrial things like instrumentation, smart meter, power electronics, all this to drive 
the growth of the industrial sector. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Understood sir. And sir if we were to be speaking about... 
Ramesh Kannan: 
Added to this, our aerospace and rail business is also taking good shape. The years to come in 
we will have good business in these areas. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Perfect sir. And sir if you were to be speaking about margins in different verticals, could you 
guide us on how margins in automotive and EVs may stack up against some of the other 
verticals? 
Jairam Sampath: 
See, we don't provide margin by verticals because these are customer confidential information. 
But see broadly it follows the same thesis that I have described earlier. So, this depends on six 

 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
factors. One is the volume of per batch, the other is criticality, third is complexity, fourth is how 
much of business horizon we have, etc. 
So, obviously, if you were to rank the low-volume, high-tech, high-mix and let's say critical 
production like the railways or some of the industrial and aerospace etc., and outer space, etc., 
would tend to have higher margins because there's more work content there. And obviously, on 
the flip side, the automotive and all these other sectors wherein volume is higher will probably 
have a little lower margin. 
 
So, we always look forward towards balance between these two because the lower margin 
verticals will always give us a scale advantage so that we can buy components cheaper in other 
sectors too. And then, of course, high margin will give us a proper good blend of EBITDA 
margins. So, that's how we have cultivated our customer list. 
 
So, it's not just a matter of, you know, doing for the year because these things take between two 
to three years' time to stabilize one single customer. So, we work towards a program, let's say, 
for instance, right now we're working towards customers who are likely to come in sometime in 
FY27, FY28 too, as a regular sales, etc. 
Aditya Bhatia: 
Understood, sir. And, sir, one last question for my side. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. Please fall back in the queue for further questions. 
Aditya Bhatia: 
Sure. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Ankur Sharma from HDFC Life. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Sharma: 
Hi, sir. Good morning. First question on smart meters. You know, we obviously, we're getting 
read a lot of articles around, you know, some protests, resistance to installation of smart meters. 
And that's across a lot of states, including Maharashtra, Chennai, you know, talks of inflated 
bills, etc. So, we just wanted some sense from you. 
 
I mean, do you think this is only transitory, this initial heating issues and, you know, you don't 
really expect any slowdown there? You know, what are you hearing from your end customers? 
You know, like, I know PowerGrid is one of them. So, are things broadly on track? You know, 
if you could please comment on that. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Sure. Sure. Thanks, Ankurji. See, fundamentally, this program is a long-term program and 
government has committed and post the elections, there has been acceleration in the program. 
Certain states have been ahead of the curve, certain states have been lagging behind. And of 
course, the certain some of the states like Maharashtra, etc., they are also undergoing election 
and so on. So, obviously, there are maybe mixed signals given by different political parties, etc. 
So, we wait and see. However, the biggest exposure right now is Gujarat and places like that. 

 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
 
So, we do have a couple of other states where finalization has happened. And if you see the total 
amount of installation that have happened is almost a crore of installation has happened, about 
10 million meters have been either installed or in the way of getting installation and so on. So, 
obviously, when such a large scale installation happens, a few thousand problems could be there. 
 
Some of them are, I think, technical in nature. And some of them, of course, are from maybe 
customers who probably do not prefer this. But all in all, I think, as a precursor to improving our 
entire power distribution system, I think this is done well.  And I think almost half the awards 
have been done by the government already. For 11 crores meters are done and dusted. The 
remaining another 14 odd crores meters are expected to be done anytime soon. 
 
So, we do not think – because since our people are in touch with all the AMISPs and all the state 
entities, so it looks like – and we also come in contact with people who go for installation, 
etcetera. But there is no big issue. It is just that the entire machinery takes some time. And in 
between, during elections, there is probably a delay of three, four months. Now, it has again 
picked up back. 
Ankur Sharma: 
And similarly, on the EV side also, what we are seeing is a clear slowdown on EV sales, 
especially on the four-wheeler side. And that is across OEMs is what is being seen. So, any color 
there? Or is it that because we have got a diversified range of customers and we are adding wallet 
share within those customers is the reason why we think we are relatively insulated? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, I think you have touched upon both the points. So, electric vehicle, if you were to segment 
that entire electric vehicle business as far as electronics is concerned, we are into four areas. The 
first area, of course, two-wheeler electric vehicles electronics. 
 
A two-wheeler, if you were to see what is happening inside China, etcetera, that is something 
which has been for the long haul. And we expect most of the two-wheelers, at least a bulk of the 
two-wheelers to convert into, at least in the urban areas, into electric vehicle. And we do have a 
fair amount of business there. 
 
The second is four-wheeler. So, four-wheeler again has got, like you correctly pointed out, there 
are issues like range anxiety and there are other issues about whether to go for hybrid or this 
thing, etcetera. But suffice it to say that some portion people do prefer that. And so, we have a 
limited portfolio right now. We have only two very large customers for whom we are making. 
So, we continue to do for them and we will watch whether we need to increase our efforts there 
further. 
 
The third one is components for EV and these are components for a foreign OEM, overseas 
OEM, which are not only used in EV but also in regular cars. So, we expect that business to 
anyway take off, but we classify it as EV. And the fourth one is, of course, the charging 
infrastructure related things. 

 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
 
So, whether it is two-wheeler or whether it's four-wheeler, the charging infrastructure will go its 
course. So, we expect that EV as a segment is here to grow. And specifically four-wheeler, yes, 
we'll have to wait and watch what kind of four-wheelers take off. 
Ankur Sharma: 
And lastly your cash flow OCA, how do we see that shaping up? I understand your comments 
on the first half negative OCA being because of higher inventory for the second half typically 
and also slightly higher debtors. But how do you see that shaping up? Can we expect positive 
cash flows going into end of the year? 
Jairam Sampath: 
We are also very acutely aware of the fact that by end of the year, we have to get into a shorter 
working capital cycle. And also, we want to also generate some OCF because for the next year, 
there'll be significant revenues coming up. And then obviously, we need to continue the 
expansion. 
 
And we've been kind of contemplating that we should be able to self-fund this entire thing as far 
as EMS is concerned. Of course, the other things we needed to raise funds for OSAT and other 
things. Now, I think we are still on that track right now. 
 
Second half, almost INR2,000 crores of business will happen. And so, if you see from gross 
margin perspective, we think that if you were to put a similar number, so about INR600 crores 
of gross margins will be there. And so, we think that we can probably from EBITDA perspective, 
second half EBITDA will be a tad higher than whatever we did in the first half because of the 
other sectors firing up. 
 
So, if you were to say about INR200 odd crores. [inaudible 0:30:31] Yes, yes. Hi. So, Ankush, 
I was talking about, I think when we lost connection here, talking about the second half. So, we 
expect about INR200 odd crores of EBITDA to come in. And I think I have understanding from 
my teams internally that on absolute basis, we'll maintain these numbers of inventories and 
maybe reduce it further and also the receivables, etc. 
 
We'll try to make some improvements. So, while we exit the year, I think the operating cash 
flow should be back on track and should be certainly positive and should also yield enough to 
invest further into capex for the coming years. So, Yes, it's not unexpected, though it could have 
been better. 
Ankur Sharma: 
Yes. Okay. Got that. Great. All the best and wish you a very happy Diwali. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keyur Pandya from ICICI Prudential Life 
Insurance. Please go ahead.  
Keyur Pandya: 
Thank you. Congratulations on good results to the team. So, first question is on the industrial 
and EV segment. So, if I look at that segment, it has grown at a much faster pace than say 

 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
company growth. If you can just break it up for say 1H and the same number for last full financial 
year, if you categorize broadly in say EV and related businesses, smart meters and other 
industries, what would be the mix broadly? 
Jairam Sampath: 
So, thank you for the question. See, fundamentally, every year, there is one particular business, 
which I just want to give a broad color on it so that you understand the numbers in the perspective 
if we see it. So, fundamentally, every year, one particular business takes off. So, initially, when 
we listed during that time, the automotive lighting systems and the control systems used to be 
the ones where we were acquiring and that is going but that has come to the company's level of 
60% growth. And so, that is not making any waves right now. It does not bulge. 
 
Then, of course, came EV. EV was a new sector. We were doing nothing in the EV prior to that. 
And then, suddenly, EV with four-wheeler, two-wheeler all came and then it started getting up. 
Now, this year, there will be a little color of smart meters too along with the EV. So, industrial 
and smart meters in the industrial and EV segment, let us say, the total, if I am not mistaken, is 
about 40 odd percent. 
 
So, three-fourths of that will be, say, one-fourth of that probably will be EV and three-fourths of 
that will be roughly smart meter and other industrial like instrumentation, power electronics. I 
am giving you a number, which is like a steady state number. So, in the intermittent stage, what 
happens is suddenly one order, like now, Iskraemeco order has come in, big order. 
 
So, obviously, we will start executing that and then next year, some Honeywell orders, I mean, 
some other aerospace orders will come in and so on. So, this entire percentage will keep shifting 
depending on which customers are onboarded, actually. So, just for your information, either you 
can say two-third, one-third or three-fourth, as the relative importance of, let us say, smart meter 
versus EV electronics. But of course, there are other things also. So, it is not all of it is this. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Second question is on the working capital and our equation of Iskraemeco. So, basically, in 
general, how do you think working capital will be, say, end of the year? I think you answered 
partially and just to on top of it, with equation of Iskraemeco and with some legacy business of 
installation as well, will it hurt or will it basically incrementally add to the working capital 
requirement in the short term? 
Jairam Sampath: 
No, I do not think there is anything significant there. So, obviously, what has -- we believe that 
the metering business, etc., per se, just the device business is better than our existing business in 
terms of working capital, because the collections are assured within 90 days of time. And then, 
of course, this supply chain is also because the large volume of production. So, inventory is also 
much, much lower. And so, from that perspective, our working capital is not going to get 
stretched because of this reason. 
 
Yes, as far as the previous commitments are concerned, we are talking to them and we are trying 
to make sure that we do not get into this area of stretching working capital because we are into 

 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
some other type of business model. But suffice it to say that there is also a good revenue potential 
here on other software services, etc., which does not have any physical, let us say, either material 
cost or it does not even have any visits to the field. It is more like supporting offline support, etc. 
 
So, we think that that also will generate -- so, in a typical order, we do get, of course, two-thirds 
of the order is for meters, etc. One-third of the order is for these kinds of things which have no 
cost, actually. I am talking purely about the businesses that we have cited. Of course, the other 
companies will have different business models and they may have a different outlook on this. 
So, this one-third of the business that we are talking about is actually just accrual of cash on an 
annual basis. 
 
So, it does not stretch the working capital in any way. Its costs are already covered by the 
metering overheads. And then meter is, like I said, controlled in terms of its outlook. So, by the 
end of the year, we still maintain that we will be 72 days net working capital company-wide on 
an average. 
Analyst: 
Noted. Sir, thanks a lot. All the best. Happy Diwali. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddhartha Bera from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of results. Sir, my first 
question is on the margin side. So, on the gross margin side, we have seen continuous 
improvement every quarter. In the current quarter, can you highlight what particular order led to 
further improvement sequentially? And how should we think of this going ahead, given the smart 
meter orders which are going to ramp up in the second half? 
Jairam Sampath: 
You caught me there. See, we can't disclose exactly where the margins are going up. But suffice 
it to say, sir, that all the various high-yielding sectors are now firing up. We promised last time, 
once the infrastructure pushed by government starts off and all the different projects take off, 
which has happened, at least in a small way, in the second quarter. 
 
So, that is yielding to, so, namely in industrial and then a little bit of railway, some little bit of 
aerospace and so on. So, these are the areas where, and also IT, for instance. So, these are the 
areas where the gross margin improvements have been seen. And we think that this will further 
accentuate in the second half. 
 
And, Yes, the sectors where there is volume and the gross margins are a little muted, they, 
fortunately for us, they are not outstripping the growth of the other sectors, which are high-
yielding sectors. And we think that in the second half, we will get a significant increase in our 
gross margins and also EBITDA. Gross margins because of the mix and EBITDA because of 
the leverage, because we'll be doing almost twice as much as what we did in the first half. So, 

 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
we'll get a very good leverage also. So, Yes, we think that this year, at least we'll, second half 
will be far superior in terms of EBITDA margins too. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
And so, how should we think about exports? What is the exports set in the current quarter? And 
you have your target of about 20% again from exports next year. So, how should we think about 
the journey? What will be the driver for this? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes. So, exports is something which right now, our numbers are driven more by domestic 
business. And rightly so, because currently the entire plank of growth is based on localization of 
imports. And so, obviously, the kind of products that are getting imported are the ones which 
are high-yielding areas, wherein there is good margin available, etc. So, those are the ones which 
are getting indigenized right now. 
 
From FY '26 onwards, you can see some significant increase in exports, aided by, of course, 
some revenues in the fourth quarter from both OSAT revenues as well as HDI, high-density 
interconnection. And also, there are areas like instrumentation and there are areas, other areas in 
the U.S. that we are working with. So, those also will fire up probably in the second, maybe the 
first half of FY '26. So, you can see that export again coming back about 20% next year. 
 
And maybe if you're lucky, then it will probably move its journey to -- so, eventually, what we 
can see is that eventually, at least close to a third of our business could be exports eventually. 
That is after 4 years kind of time frame. And two-thirds of business will be domestic. And 
obviously, the growth rate in both sectors should be pretty strong. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it. So, second quarter for export means… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. Please call back in the queue for further questions. Thank you. The next 
question is on the line of Nitin Arora from Axis Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Arora: 
Hi, sir. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So, just sorry for dwelling more on the 
cash flow side what Ankur and Keyur asked. Given, last year we generated some amount of, I 
think, INR60 crores, INR70 crores kind of an operating cash flow. But given, I think we had this 
discussion earlier also, that given you're growing way faster and your mix is changing a lot and 
the way you're guiding even arrow comes into play and then the smart meter and the OSAT. 
 
So, if we look at just directionally rather than looking at the first half cash flow is not there or 
second half it would come. But generally, do you think that operating cash would be -- 
generating operating cash with a higher quantum would be difficult here, because the inherent 
nature of the business is becoming one is on the growth is very high. 
 
And second, the mix is changing a lot because I'm assuming OSAT will also not give you 
operating cash for the next 1, 1.5 years, given the absolute nature of net worth and equity capital 
you would put in and the growth. So, can you throw some light that is it advisable not to expect 

 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
too much high kind of an operating cash flow because of the inherent nature of the business 
given mix changing and as well as growth is very high. 
 
Just want a little clarity on that because 1.5 years back, we were very confident that, despite 
growing at 40%, 50%, I might start not putting a number but we would be generating decent 
cash flow. But obviously, you're growing fast and the inherent nature you're changing of the 
business every quarter the mix keeps changing. Just need your clarity on that part directionally. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Thank you. This is a question obviously on everybody's mind and more on our mind than 
anybody else's because the whole fundamental question is that is it self-sustaining business and 
the answer that we have now come after thinking through a lot is 50%, 60% of growth we should 
be able to sustain it ourselves through both measures. One, some OCF generation which will be 
to the tune of about 7% of the total let's say sales number. 
 
So, we were contemplating about INR200-odd crores of OCF by end of the year. Maybe we'll 
get there. We still have INR2000 crores of business to be done. So, by end of the year, probably 
should be able to generate. If everything is fine, then we should be able to generate about similar 
to that number maybe INR10 crores, INR20 crores lower. Also, we see some good movements 
in the receivables area. 
 
We see some good improvements in the inventory area also. Of course, our past still kind of 
drags us down a little bit because earlier we had large number of customers, etc. But now we 
have kind of a little sharper in our focus towards minimizing inventory and in the newer 
businesses, etc. 
 
And the newer businesses that are coming in also, the growth businesses are all at a slightly 
better gross margins and also the EBITDA margins. So, broadly, I still maintain 50% plus kind 
of growth is feasible without having to look outside. So, first source is, of course, our OCF.  
The second source also, if you notice, we are still at about five to six in terms of asset turnaround. 
So, actually speaking, in our business, we have done in some limited timeframe, seven, etc. So, 
we probably should get back into that kind of thing because what happens is, at least right now, 
there is a huge amount of construction and a huge amount of new factories coming up, etc. 
 
So, there is a kind of bunching up of assets. And so, the asset utilization efficiencies probably 
will now start kicking in from FY '26 onwards. So, you will see some benefit of extra capacity 
by utilization of assets and, of course, some OCF. So, a short answer to your question, both yours 
and also Keyur Ji had asked. So, Nitinji, I think we are okay as far as the generation of cash is 
concerned. And we think that we will be able to fulfill this requirement. 
 
So, actually, some of the things which we had been talking about, we haven't done yet, like 
asking vendors to keep stocks here on the VMI basis. So, why we had not pushed that in the past 
is that we didn't want any effect on our gross margins. People normally would jack up the prices 

 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
if they do that. But now, some people are coming around offering this facility to on their own. 
So, we wanted that situation to happen. 
 
Now that scaling up has happened and they will, for all the new businesses that we are doing, 
incremental businesses, they are willing to keep stocks right here in either Bangalore or Mysore. 
So, that will give us some respite. So, that way, I think we believe that. So, that is a big source. 
If you see all the peer group, their payables are stretched and the inventories are lower. So, in 
our case, it's the other way around. Inventories are high and our payables are low, which is a 
good thing to do. And once they start keeping stocks, I think we will have net. So, we don't want 
to overstretch any particular methodology here. We want to also do our improvements of 
efficiency. 
At the same time, I think from next year onwards, will start, depending on suppliers, to keep 
stocks. So, with these two put together, I think we are okay in terms of cash flows and making 
sure that we are able to fulfil our asset creation needs for EMS. Of course, the OSAT and PC 
board get to be proven by the FY28 or 29 when we start doing large volumes. 
What is the kind of margins we actually deliver? There also, our plan is that we should be able 
to at least 15% of growth, we should be able to self-fund. So, that's the kind of thinking that we 
have. And so far, whatever we've encountered, looks like it is going through. 
Nitin Arora: 
  
And thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. Please fall back in the queue for further questions. 
Nitin Arora: 
 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sonali Salgaonkar from Jefferies, Please go ahead. 
Sonali Salgaonkar:  
Sir, thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations on a good set of numbers and happy Diwali 
to you Sir, my first two questions are slightly bookkeeping. What is the trend in monthly order 
flow and the trend in average order value for Q2? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes. So, that we need to do the math. So, we started with about INR5,000 crores and we ended 
up with INR5,400 odd crores. So, then, of course, we've done about INR600 odd crores of sales. 
So, average order inflow in Q2 would be around INR340 odd crores per month. Now, the order 
book has to be seen in the perspective. 
So, whenever we get a large order, we book it in, right? So, those large orders may be slated to 
be executed over time. And some orders come for period of six months, some order comes for a 
period of nine months, some for a year. And in some exceptional cases, like the aerospace orders, 
etc., they come for even 5-year and 10-year timeframe. 

 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
So, from that perspective, right now, the order book is a tad ahead of our execution. Because 
this year, we'll execute about INR3,000 crores, but that 12-month forward order cover will be 
especially in a lean time like Q2. So, obviously, Q3, Q4, we expect some more push-up to 
happen. 
So, we will be probably looking at a 12-month order book of about anywhere between INR3,600 
to INR4,500 crores as of September, as the order booking. And of course, the execution we'll 
have to see. This year, we will probably end up doing in the second half about INR2,000 crores 
in the first half of next year. Let's see. 
We have not yet computed that number, but we will probably get somewhere there. So, again, 
the order book will be a tad ahead of our execution. That's what I can say right now, based on 
the trend. 
Ramesh Kannan: 
And by design, we are getting orders well in time. At least we are covered up for next two, three 
years. 
Jairam Sampath: 
And there are some orders which are also called the upside book, wherein the I's have not been 
dotted and P's have not been crossed, but they are all orders which we are working on already. 
So, Yes, from that perspective, so these are the few numbers. We can say that as of now, the Q2 
number was about INR340 crores per month, whereas we executed about INR600 crores. So, 
obviously, it was ahead. Going forward, it's going to go up to a larger number. 
Sonali Salgaonkar:  
So, the average order value? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Average order value actually is not a good indicator, because supposing you take somebody like 
PGCIL, it's one, one, let's say, one. That's why we started not, it is not leading to any proper 
conclusion. Something like a PGCIL, smart meter order, there will be a single letter of allotment, 
which will be like hundreds of crores, thousands of crores, actually. 
Ramesh Kannan: 
But we don't consider the entire order. We only consider for our order book for 18 months. 
Jairam Sampath: 
So, what we are saying here is that the value of order per order is now no more relevant, because 
of the nature of businesses. But see, last year, when we last computed, it was about 11 lakhs. So, 
maybe this year, it will be a little tad higher. But it will look unreasonably high, because one 
particular order is 1000 plus crores. So, we thought it is not meaningful to kind of compute that 
number. That's why we stopped, because there's not much of retail and those kinds of things. So, 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Please fall back in the queue for further questions. Thank you. The next 
question is from the line of Indrajit Agarwal from CLSA. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
 Thank you for the opportunity. Most of my questions are answered. Just want to understand on 
the coverage scheme, of the budget amount that you see or what the government comes out with, 
what proportion will be your addressable market of the total amount that comes out? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Sir, actually, making some assumptions. Yes, we should be about 10-15% of the total market.  
Ramesh Kannan: 
Now, this is on our assumption. 
Jairam Sampath: 
The government is going to let's say total addressable market is 68,000 kilometers. So, we are 
thinking that all the trunk lines, all the major routes will be about half of it, about 25,000-30,000 
kilometers. And going by, generally going rate about 50 lakhs or something like that. So, about 
INR15,000 crores anywhere between INR12,500-15,000 crores is the kind of addressable market 
at this point in time. 
And so, we think that about 15% market share. So, Yes. So, we will get about INR2000 crores. 
Implementation timeframe for these projects will be a little longer than the signaling projects, 
because these are all, they require implementation not only on the track side, on the wagon side 
also. So, put together, I think we can look at about say INR2000 crores of business in four, five 
years kind of timeframe as something that we can target, you know. Remaining, of course, there 
are other players too. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
So, INR50 lakhs per kilometer of that EMS addressable opportunity is about 15%. Is that 
understanding, correct? 
Jairam Sampath: 
No. our INR50 lakhs is EMS, sir. Full. It is a box-built. It has got all, the fully, it is an electronic 
fully built product, sir. 
Indrajit Agarwal:  
Okay. Okay. Understood. Thank you, so much and happy Diwali. 
Jairam Sampath:  
Happy Diwali to you, Indrajit. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Hardik Rawat from IIFL Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Hardik Rawat: 
 Thanks for the opportunity. Congratulations to you on another set of good results. My question 
was more with regards to the aerospace and defense segment. We are expecting a ramp up in 
execution for a large plan that we had onboarded sometime in the fourth quarter of last year, first 
quarter of this year. Will that execution, has that execution begun firstly and secondly, if not, 
then that should begin in 3Q? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes. So, this large business with that OEM from US, I cannot name it right now, but we have 
received the orders and also there was a special manufacturing setup to be made. If you ever 
visit Chyamaraj Nagar, we can show you that one entire building has been constructed now. So, 

 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Yes. So, firstly, they identified us and then second, we discussed the commercials, etc. Third, 
they approved our production. 
Now, fourth stage is to gear up for serial production, which we expect by end of this year to start 
off, say, maybe Q4. And maybe it will accelerate in FY26. That's why we are saying that this 
might be a very large or probably single largest customer in FY26. It required a new production 
facility to be built, which we have done now. 
Hardik Rawat: 
And the A&D, a large part of the A&D revenue, I am assuming, is going to come from this 
client? 
Jairam Sampath: 
So, at this point in time, yes. But then in the other areas, you know, strategic electronics also, a 
lot of government is contemplating on showing up its defense systems and so on. So, there is a 
good amount of electronics there and we have been approved by most of the people. So, while 
we don't focus too much on weapons systems, but all defensive systems, we are there, military 
aircrafts, we are there. 
So, hopefully, Yes, FY26, you are right. But then going forward, even the strategic electronics, 
also, if you take ISRO's program also, I think ISRO is also gearing up to kind of become a 
commercially, you know, big in the third-party satellite launch space. So, we expect the outer 
space also to perform. Yes. So, FY26, you are right. Aerospace will be the largest. But FY27 
onward, there will be other things also coming. 
Hardik Rawat: 
 
Second question is on the high-tech grid. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. Please fall back in the queue for more questions. All right. Thank you. 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Shah from Ask Investment Managers. Please go 
ahead. 
Bharat Shah: 
You, Rameshji, had mentioned that general flow of the orders and perception seems to give a 
view that the business for next two, three years is kind of covered up and is something that you 
reasonably feel confident about. What I want to know is, therefore, from about INR3,000 crore 
of business that we will do in 2024-2025? In how many years you believe the business can triple 
based on the various segments that we are in and the perception of the kind of inquiries and 
orders which may potentially come by? 
Ramesh Kannan: 
Firstly, good morning, sir, and Happy Diwali to you. 
Bharat Shah: 
Happy Diwali. Shubh Diwali. 
Ramesh Kannan: 
Sir, now, while the confidence comes from the lifetime order which I've got, let us say if Airbus 
is coming out with a model, they will normally give me a lifetime order of around six, seven 
years, plus there will be thereafter another six, seven years for spares and service. So, when it 
comes to automobile model, again the same story. 

 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
So, using that is what I am computing and telling two to three years. When I say two to three 
years, I had committed, if you remember, I had committed on the day we got listed that we will 
be doing a billion dollar by FY'28. And so far, as per plan, we are fully ready for that. 
And I feel whatever you ask me as three times of my current plus minus, FY'29, we should be 
there. And it is very clear in the drawing board, all the orders are getting booked, whatever we 
wanted. So, I've only considered my lifetime orders of products. I hope it is clear. 
Bharat Shah: 
That's very helpful. My second point that I wanted to understand, at the end of the day, our 
business is B2B. And these are for specific orders, specific projects that the customers may have. 
Some part of it may have a little longer-term visibility, like you described, some of the segments 
like auto and aero and others, where there may be a little longer term six, seven-year visibility. 
But how much, not all the orders and not all segments are of those type. So, how do we get 
organic view or granular view of the business that how much of the business we can reasonably 
feel will kind of sustain and will have replication? 
And by replication, I don't mean just this amount of the business that you do, but with the growth 
over the period of time, and how much of it is kind of one time or short-term fulfilment, which 
may or may not occur. In other words, how do we see replicability on a long-term basis of our 
business, or at some point, we suddenly hit a peak and fall off the cliff? Is that something that 
you would worry about, given the kind of businesses that you are in? 
Jairam Sampath:  
Bharatji, good morning. This is Jaiaram Sampath here, very nice to talk to you. I would like to 
take up this question. It's also my favourite topic. Now, see, fundamentally what, right now, the 
driving plank is the import substitution that is happening. And there are billions of dollars, close 
to about INR25 billion, which country imports. 
And we do believe that at least half of it is worthy of doing here. The other half, let's say INR12-
INR13 billion dollars, will still probably eventually get imported in various equipment for 
various reasons, could be logistical, could be technology, could be some political reason, and so 
on. 
So this INR12, INR13 billion dollars is enough to scale up companies like us and a few other 
companies, at least in the short run, the medium term, five to 10 years’ time frame, all of us, 
companies who apply themselves to the task will go up. Now, what happens thereafter? So 
typically, the Indian electronics, if you see, the total electronic grows at about 8%-9%. And as 
the incomes grow up, maybe there'll be an increase in that, but that increase will be more towards 
maybe the consumer side, maybe there'll be more devices purchased, maybe more appliances 
purchased, and so on. 
So we think that a 10% growth will certainly happen on the basic business. And as we catch up 
to the import substitution bandwagon, so what will happen is there'll always be additional 

 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
requirement that keeps coming in. And so there could be two, three effects on this, we have to 
consider. One is a technology effect. 
Over time, what will happen is that they will - the nature of the electronics, even though it is 
B2B, it is for certain projects, etc., but electronics are getting redesigned and redefined also in 
their purpose and so on. It is happening faster in the consumer area, but even in the industrial 
area, we do see a lot of changes that are happening. 
People are repurposing electronics, they are also combining circuits together, converting that 
into a chipsets and so on. So we think that there's a technological impact on the business. And 
the second impact will also be in terms of people who have these facilities together, like us. So 
we are also gearing up for the OSAT, as well as the High Density Interconnection Board, because 
we believe that those two are required for us to get into further higher-tech area. So we are in 
one kind of high-tech area, which is, I would say, mid-range high-tech area. 
The most complex boards that we do, while we are confident of doing any product, there are 
certain electronics which are still not a big portion of our portfolio, which we will probably come 
across once we have the other capabilities too, namely, which is making assembly of chips and 
also high-density boards. 
So we think that we will balance out this technological impact of shrinking of electronics, etc., 
with our additional value creation through presence in those two sectors, which we are now 
investing now, three, four years' time frame. Plus, the import substitution itself will grow us a 
little bit harder. 
And then, obviously, the 10% growth, if a company minds, especially in the B2B, high-tech 
areas, we'll probably be a premier vendor. So we think that we can probably get a larger than 
normal share of that particular growth. So it is not probably wrong to say that these growth rates 
will be sustained over a longer period, maybe even beyond the coming decade. 
So that will become organic maybe once the $12 odd billion worth of production gets done. So 
people like us probably will start doing about a billion or so, and there'll be other people, etc. So 
we are looking at a time frame of 5 to 10 years' time frame, sir, when we start seeing organic 
growth in this business. 
And like I described to you, companies which are ready will continue to grow at the same pace 
as they have grown before, which is like 50%, 40%, those kinds of good numbers. So up to 10 
years, everybody will grow. After 10 years, those who are ready will probably grow better. I 
hope I've thrown some data on this. 
Bharat Shah: 
In other words, you're saying the core business may grow at about 10% as it settles, and there'll 
be an additional layer of import substitution opportunity, which can take it further ahead. And 

 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
third on that will be the export opportunity and specific projects, which maybe one-off would 
come by. And all these put together can keep us on an elevated, high growth path for a decade? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Very, very well summarized. In addition to that, there are opportunities in the inorganic area that 
we don't consider inorganic as a strategy for growth, inorganic more as a synergy, in case we 
can acquire some customers, in case we acquire some technology, we get some geography 
footprint. So smaller inorganic growth also will grow the company. But you're right, sir, 
whatever you summarize is correct 
Ramesh Kannan: 
Yes, your understanding is perfectly right. 
Bharat Shah: 
Sure. Now, thank you. Shubh Deepavali to Rameshji, Jairamji, Savitaji, and Rajeshji as well, 
Sumit on the line 
Jairam Sampath: 
Thank you, Bharat ji. Thank you so much. Thank you for attending the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. We have reached the end 
of our Q&A session. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Bhoomika Nair for the closing comments. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Giving us an opportunity to host the call and wishing you all the very best and a Happy Diwali 
as also to all the participants. Thank you very much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of DAM Capital Advisors Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
