November 11, 2024 
To,  
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001.  
Scrip code: 540268 
To, 
The Manager  
Department of Corporate Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051. 
Scrip code: TRU 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Call 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended and 
in furtherance to our letter(s) dated October 29, 2024, November 04, 2024 and November 
05, 2024, we have enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call held on November 
05, 2024, at 11:00 a.m. (IST).  
We request you to take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For TruCap Finance Limited 
Sonal Sharma 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
Sonal 
Sharma
Digitally signed by 
Sonal Sharma 
Date: 2024.11.11 
15:39:24 +05'30'

Trucap Finance Ltd 
Quarter 2 FY 2025 
05 Nov, 2024 
 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY25 
Conference Call of Trucap Finance Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant’s lines will be in listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touch tone phone.  
 
Please note that this conference may contain forward-looking 
statements about the Company based on belief, opinions and 
expectations of the management as on date of this call.  
 
These statements are not the guarantee of future performance and 
involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Rohan Juneja - Managing 
Director and CEO from TruCap Finance Limited. Accompanying him from 
the management will be Mr. Sanjay Kukreja - Chief Financial Officer, 
Mr. Mahendra Kumar Servaiya - Credit Head and Mr. Gaurav Bhargava - 
Business Head of gold loans. Thank you and over to you Sir.  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
Thank you, Neha. Welcome to everyone for our earnings call for the 
first half of fiscal 2025. For the six months ended September 30th, we 
reported pretax earnings of 49 million versus 44 million in the first half 
of fiscal 2024. Interest income of 503 million in the quarter grew up 
strongly by 17% quarter over quarter unannualized and 86% year over 
year as we have seen sturdy growth in AUM and continued scale up of 
lending as a service partnership. 
 
While funding costs have also risen modestly, we have seen an increase 
in our net interest margin, which rose from 5.2% to 7.1% for the half 
year, given increasing business with these lending as a service partner, 
which contributes to 47% of total AUM today.  
 
Our half yearly disbursements stood at 6.5 billion, up from 5.6 billion in 
September 2023. Disbursement growth was primarily driven by MSME 
Gold, MSME business loans and three wheeler electric vehicle loans, 
which now represent over 99% of assets under management.  
 
Our AUM has grown to 12.2 billion, up from 7.8 billion a year ago. 65% 
of our AUM comprises of gold loans, 34% in MSME business and three-
wheeler EV loans and a mere 60 basis points in loan against property 
and personal loans, which are in run off mode.  
 
The Gold loan business has an active borrower base of more than 63,000 
customers and an average ticket size of 0.13 million. The tenure of 
these loans at origination is usually 12 months, but the average maturity 
on the books is typically 6 to 8 months.  
 

Our team has disbursed almost ₹40 billion to over 2,94,000 borrowers 
over the last four years in gold finance. Gross NPAs in the Gold Loan 
book are a mere 50 basis points. Gold taken to auctions are just over 
₹215 million for 2950 customers representing just 0.5% of cumulative 
disbursements. It is noteworthy that we have recovered more than 106% 
of principal and interest due on gold loans which were sold in auction. 
Therefore, we have refunded excess amounts to borrowers.  
 
In MSME business loans, we have an active borrower base of over 35,000 
customers and an average ticket size of 0.12 million. In the last few 
quarters, we have added lending as a service partner for the BL product 
with the most recent partner being SIDBI for the ₹50,000 to ₹5,00,000 
product. These loans are originated directly from our branch network, 
where the outstanding AUM is ₹104 million over the course of the last 
six to seven months. Interestingly, on a bounce rate of 8 to 10% in this 
book, we have collected on almost 100% of these bounces since we 
started originating these loans for SIDBI.  
 
Our gross NPA stood at 2.6% for the September 2024 quarter. Collection 
efficiency including prepayments and repayments on gold loans, which 
is a regular feature in the business, was 298% in the quarter.  
 
In the business loan product, we have made important strides in 
recovering bounces in the soft buckets. This has come from improved 
efforts on litigation along with our new tech-enabled collection module 
that is now fully operational. Going forward, this will enable us to 
increase collection efficiency in the later stage buckets as well.  
 
On the distribution footprint, post the build out of 120 branches in fiscal 
2024, we adopted a moderate expansion strategy, focusing primarily on 
increasing productivity and driving efficiency across our existing branch 
network. With over 85% of our branches located in Tier 2, Tier 3 and 
Tier 4 locations, 76 branches were profitable in the second quarter of 
fiscal 2025 versus 66 branches in the first quarter of 2025. Going 
forward, we expect an additional 2 to 3 branches to turn profitable 
every quarter from here on as they reach an average AUM size of 3.5 to 
4 crores. This will be achieved by emphasizing on improving per day 
crores disbursement in each branch to boost profitability. The results, 
which will be evident with each progressing quarter.  
 
Operating expenses for the first half of fiscal 25 were 483 million versus 
386 million in the first half of fiscal 24. As we have now reached an 
optimal branch count, OpEx as a percentage of AUM for gold loan 
branches remained steady at approximately 7%, down from 8 plus 
percent in fiscal 24. We anticipate this percentage to further decline in 
coming quarters, not just due to denominator effect, but also due to 
several efficiency and productivity initiatives undertaken by the 
Company. With that, we now open the call for questions and answers. 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question, may press “*” and “1” on 
their touchtone telephone. If you wish to withdraw yourself from the 
question queue, you may press “*” and “2”. Participants are requested 
to use handsets while asking the questions. Ladies and gentlemen, we 
will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. Ladies and 
Gentlemen, you may press “*” and “1” to ask a question. The first 

question is from the line of Hasti Shah, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Hasti Shah:  
Good morning, Sir. Just wanted to check what has been average yield in 
the quarter and how do we plan to increase it?  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
Average yield in the quarter is about 19.3%. You know the business is 
fairly competitive, so it will be not easy to take it up from a pricing 
standpoint. The way to think about the yield going forward is that it will 
be a combination of what we are able to price to the customer plus how 
much business we are able to write with co-lending partners, which will 
be able to take up the yield, but from a customer standpoint, truth be 
told, it's going to be hard to take up the yield any further to the 
customer. 
 
Hasti Shah:  
Sure. And can you help us understand the majority of the branches in 
terms of like five years, three years or any recent branches? How long 
does it take to break even for each branch? What are the economics of 
the branch?  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
The usual break even for the branch happens anywhere between 11 to 
12, 11 to 13 months. That's in terms of time, in terms of AUM size is 
between 3.5 to 4 crores in terms of AUM not in disbursements. If you 
look at where we have added branches and how the branch count has 
progressed over the course of the last few years, a significant amount of 
branches were added in fiscal 23 and 24, so many of them are now 
reaching an optimal size where they should be breaking even soon if 
they haven't broken even as yet. That's where we are in terms of further 
expansion strategy, on all of fiscal 25, we were adopted a moderate 
expansion strategy just given the fact that we did a huge rollout in 
fiscal 23 and 24. So going forward, you know we will add branches very, 
very modestly just given the fact that we've reached an optimal size 
now where we would like to increase efficiency and productivity before 
adding to the branch count.  
 
Hasti Shah:  
So, when we say modestly, it will be how many branches in a year if we 
can give a number to that.  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
No fix number yet. In fiscal 25 you will see very little branch addition. 
In fiscal 26, we will evaluate that with the business plan that gets 
presented to the board. But suffice it is to say that it will be fairly 
modest at most about you know 7 to 8 branches for the year.  
 
Hasti Shah:  
 
And what is the cost for these branches?  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
Usually, the CapEx plus OpEx to get a branch operational, especially 
catering towards the gold loan businesses anywhere between 10 to 11 
and a half lakhs.  
 
Hasti Shah:  
Okay, got it. Sure. And on the technology front, can you help us 
understand how does it work and what is the impact on the business in 
terms of collections or disbursements?  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
Technology is a significant enabler to the business. One from a process 
standpoint, in terms of underwriting the customer to enable the 
business, so you know all your documents etcetera are collected 
digitally, but you do a personal discussion with every single borrower. 

So that doesn't happen with technology, that is a face-to-face discussion 
that happens with the borrower. In terms of collection as well, you 
know you have geotagging of all your collection personnel, you can map 
out the productivity and efficiency through tech in terms of collection, 
so that's how technology enables it. We are not an end-to-end algo 
lender or and you know or a lender that lends only by technology. So, 
there's a good amount of human intervention and that's just the nature 
of the business and the nature of the products that we cater towards 
the customers with.  
 
Hasti Shah:  
But at least the technology part, does it help you in collection in a 
better manner or a faster manner?  
 
Rohan Juneja: 
It definitely helps map out the collections better, so enhancing the 
productivity of our own collection force to make sure that they are at 
the required location, how much time they're spending with the 
customer, whether the money is being deposited immediately or not 
with those kinds of things, technology definitely enables. But in terms 
of how we're able to collect from a customer, from a tech standpoint, 
there's not so much of help over there. It's more to do with our own 
internal processes and systems in what it helps with.  
 
Hasti Shah:  
 
Sure, Sir. Thank you, so much and good luck.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, you may press “*” and “1” to ask a 
question. The next question is from the line of Akshat Kumar from Klay 
Group. Please go ahead.  
 
Akshat Kumar:  
Yeah. Good morning and thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to 
understand a couple of things. Firstly, in terms of the co-lending 
arrangement with various partners, are you seeing any kind of changes 
as far as covenants are concerned? And also, on a related note, are you 
seeing any changes in terms of the ticket sizes?  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
Nothing in either of those two that we've seen with the partners either 
on ticket size or on the covenants.  
 
Akshat Kumar:  
Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, you may press “*” and “1” to ask a 
question. The next question is from the line of Rohan Shah, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead.  
 
 
Mr. Rohan, your line has been unmuted, please go ahead with your 
question. 
 
Rohan Shah:  
Hi am I audible? 
 
Moderator: 
Yes Sir. 
 
Rohan Shah: 
Yeah, hello, Sir. So, I had a question on our guidance and outlook 
basically. What would be our outlook for the entire FY25 on terms of 
asset quality and disbursements?  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
Rohan, we haven't given any guidance on asset quality or on 
disbursements, suffice it is to say that we would not be giving it on this 
call whatever we do present in terms of guidance would be part of a full 

annual business plan and a three-year business plan that potentially 
could be given a closer towards the fiscal year. Not right now.  
 
Rohan Shah:  
Okay. But like to completely understand your point, but like anything 
that you know basically like an outlook or anything that we can assume 
for this year like how would we be growing?  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
Again Rohan, I mean, I don't think we can give any guidance in terms of 
where we are. I think you have seen what we've done for the first six 
months of the year, which is over ₹6 billion in disbursements, the AUM 
from March 2024 until now has grown from 10.3 billion to 12.2 billion. 
So, you know I would stay with what we've done and how we could go 
going forward, there are a lot of things that you have to be mindful of 
in this environment. One is obviously the macro environment and where 
the economy is today, number 2 is that the geographies where we serve 
and number 3 is also all the regulatory guidelines that come into effect 
when we plan the business. So, I think we'll be able to give you yearly 
guidance and then a three-year business road map closer towards fiscal 
year end. It would not be prudent for us to do so right now.  
 
Rohan Shah:  
Alright, alright, understood thank you. Secondly, like as we see over the 
last year, there's been a lot of volatility in the gold prices. So just 
wanted to understand like what's our approach towards managing this 
movement and you know like what approach the company is following 
to manage this movement and volatility?  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
So, you know, in terms of gold prices, Rohan, we've always followed a 
very prudent approach. I think that's evident with the quantum of gold 
loans that have been taken into auction, which is a mere 50 basis points 
of cumulative disbursement that we've done so far. So, we always use 
the average spot price of the last 30 days and do the mark to market 
appropriately. The team monitors that on a day-to-day basis that is 
something that we are very religious about. Also, if you look through our 
history and in periods of times where gold prices have gone up very 
sharply, we tend to slow down disbursements because that exposes the 
Company to risk in the when the gold prices were to go down post you 
know, huge rise in gold prices. So, we usually temper our approach 
when gold prices are going up in a manner that makes us a little nervous 
just because you know you're then lending on higher gold prices at an 
LTV where which could expose the company to risk if the gold prices go 
down. I think we're fairly comfortable where we are today and we'll 
continue to maintain a fairly prudent approach in how to run the 
business, whether the gold prices go up or down. In our downward gold 
price environment. While obviously it impacts the business negatively 
from a growth standpoint, but depending on where the gold prices are, 
it also gives some more comfort than in terms of not being not 
breaching the LTV, so you know it's always a kind of mixed way to look 
at the business. But truth be told when gold prices go up sharply, we 
tend to get a little nervous in terms of loan growth.  
 
Rohan Shah:  
Right, right, understood. And lastly, Sir, what's our average cost of 
funds across the board like on an annual basis for the company?  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
It's about 13%.  
 
Rohan Shah:  
Okay, 13%. Fine, that's all from my side. Thank you so much and all the 
 
 
 
best.  

 
Rohan Juneja:  
Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, you may press “*” and “1” to ask a 
question. The next question is from the line of Ankit Redkar, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead.  
 
Ankit Redkar:  
Good morning, Sir and thank you for the opportunity. Hello am I 
audible? 
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Yes, we can hear you. 
 
Ankit Redkar: 
Sir, I have two questions, just wanted to understand about the funding 
sources and the cost of funds. So, can you provide the total percentage 
or the quantum of fund raised from the NBFC and the SFBs?  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
So, about 55% of our funding comes from NBFCs. The balance 45 is a 
combination of private banks, small finance banks and PSU banks. We 
also recently raised money from a global impact institution, which is 
now one of our largest lenders and that's where we are. So, the 
endeavor going forward also is to continue to look at impact funds given 
the fact that a lot of our lending that goes to underserved borrowers 
qualifies for impact. So, the endeavor now going forward is to bring in 
more global institutions that fit that profile of profit with a purpose 
which are impact funds, where we can borrow money from.  
 
 
Ankit Redkar:  
Okay. Okay. And Sir, can you throw some light on the RBI has raised the 
concern about these irregularities in the management of its gold loan 
business. So how are we addressing this issue?  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
So, I think that is for the industry as a whole there was a circular that 
came out from the RBI as well a few weeks back, so, you know from a 
Trucap standpoint, we're fairly compliant with I think all the guidelines. 
I think you know from a regulatory standpoint what caught the attention 
of the regulator was one, is that you have to adequately disclose all the 
information to the customer, so the rate charge to the customer plus 
any kind of penal interest, etcetera, that gets charged to the customer 
in the event the customer is not paying the interest regularly. So that's 
one. And then the other thing is, which are fairly specific in the circular 
are about the addition of a personal loan on top of a gold loan product 
etcetera, which we don't do. So, I think you know we're pretty much in 
line with what the circular has stated now from a compliance 
standpoint and you know then it's a matter of regulatory intervention 
with the regulator, so I don't think I can comment much on that other 
than the fact that you know from a TruCap standpoint at least that we 
are fairly compliant.  
 
 
Ankit Redkar:  
Okay. and Sir, what differentiate Trucap Finance from competitors in 
the market? And how are you positioning the company for long term 
success?  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
So, I think the way to position the company for long term success, 
number one is and most importantly is what kind of customer service 
you give to your customer. It's very easy to say customer service, but 
very, very hard to do. And it's not just a service that you provide to the 

customer. When a customer walks into a branch, but also throughout 
the tenure of the loan because of which you're able to retain the 
customer. Because if you're not able to retain the customer, your cost 
of acquisition continues going up for newer customers and that 
obviously will bring up your OpEx. So, I think you know good customer 
service I don't know whether I can say that that is a differentiating 
factor, I'm sure many other of our competitors and many of the other 
companies also do it. But I think we try to emphasize on customer 
service, which will help retain the customer, that's number one. In 
terms of what we are looking to do, in the future we're obviously 
looking to build an institution in the long term. So, the focus is on scale 
and profitability in a calibrated manner because we're not here for, you 
know, one or two years, we're here for the long run to build an 
institution. So, in our six-year history today, we've done close to about 
47 or 4800 crores of cumulative disbursement we've seen more than 
four to five repayment cycles across the products that we serve these 
customers with and, we built out a branch network of over 120 branches 
across 7 states. I think the endeavor now going forward is to continue to 
gain scale and profitability in the products that we're serving the 
customer and in the geographies that we are present in. That's the idea. 
So, you know it's the NBFC business is obviously a tough business, but if 
you stick to your guns and you really do the business properly, the key is 
scale and profitability, which we've seen with many of the other 
competitors who've gained scale and profitability and then made a large 
institution out of a business that they started.  
 
 
Ankit Redkar:  
Okay, Okay, got it. Got it. And Sir, in terms of customer acquisition and 
the retention, does Trucap have any specific program or the strategy to 
offer top up loans or the new credit to existing customers?  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
So, we don't offer top up loans, but obviously we have a customer 
acquisition and customer retention strategy. I can't divulge all the 
details on a public conference call on what we do from our customer 
acquisition or customer retention standpoint, but obviously that is one 
of the focal areas of the sales force in terms of how to, you know, 
acquire and retain business.  
 
 
Ankit Redkar: 
So, can you give percentage? New to credit, I mean in terms of new 
customer? 
 
Rohan Juneja:  
So new to credit in the gold finance business is about 30%.  
 
Ankit Redkar:  
Okay, Okay, Sir. Thank you so much, Sir. That’s it from my side.Thank 
you.  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, you may press “*” and “1” to ask a 
question. The next question is from the line of Aditya Shah from Meteor 
Management Limited. Please go ahead.  
 
Aditya Shah:  
Hello Sir. So just two questions. One is also can you shed some light on 
the slippages for the current quarter and the half yearly? That’s one sir. 
 

Rohan Juneja:  
Slippages have come both from the MSME business loan product and also 
some slippages from the gold loan product. So, the slippages that have 
come in both the products, obviously our collection team is looking at 
all efforts, litigation, etc. to help, you know, recover all those slippages 
and make them normal again.  
 
Aditya Shah:  
Okay. And just another question Sir, is that Sir, since your cost of fund 
is 13 percent, is there any kind of debt coming in for your repricing your 
structure?  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
Sorry, I didn't understand your question.  
 
Aditya Shah:  
Since your cost of fund is close to 13%, is any debt going to come to 
your business for the purpose of repricing or anything of that kind of 
structure?  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
So, debt is a constant in our business. We are raising debt, which is the 
raw material of our business to you know then onward lend it to the 
customers. If you are asking, are we able to reprice it with lower rates 
etcetera with bringing in debt and then repaying that or that is an 
endeavor as well going forward. So, while we do want to raise more 
money from global impact institutions and private and PSU banks to 
bring down our cost of capital, that is our endeavor going forward. 
 
Aditya Shah:   
Okay. Okay. Alright. Thank you so much and all the best, Sir.  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akash Sharma, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead.  
 
Akash Sharma:  
I just have a few questions. The first one is, can you give a break up of 
your GNPA between GL, LAP and PL loans. And what has been the level 
of gross slippages this quarter versus the same quarter in the last year?  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
So, the LAP book and PL book which was which is the legacy book which 
is about 60 basis points today, they had a fairly high GNPA. The LAP 
book had GNPA for almost about 8.9%. The PL book was almost about 
13%. In the gold loan book GNPA are 50 basis points. In the business loan 
book, our Gross NPAs are about 5.5%.  
 
Akash Sharma:  
Okay and Sir, have there been any write-offs that the company has 
done? 
 
Rohan Juneja:  
Not in this quarter, but obviously throughout our six-year history we 
have done write off. So, the write off has happened in the LAP product, 
PL product and the BL product. We've not done any write offs in the GL 
product.  
 
Akash Sharma:  
OK, Sir. And you know what has been the total write offs taken and how 
much has been collected from the write off?  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
Total write off has been about 5.3 or 5.4 crores. I will come back to you 
on the recoveries on the written-off portion.  
 
Akash Sharma:  
Okay, that's it from my side. Thank you, Sir.  
 

Rohan Juneja:  
Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, you may press “*” and “1” to ask a 
question. The next question is from the line of Rajan Mehta, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead.  
 
Rajan Mehta:  
Hi. Good morning, Sir. Sir, just to touch up on our AUM levels, if you 
could give sort of a color on our current AUM growth, what can be 
expected by the end of this financial year and if you could also shed 
some light on you know a split between the gold loans and MSME 
business in terms of the AUM and how much between the two segments 
would be the currently?  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
We can't give you guidance on AUM right now, but I would just give you 
a guide to where we were at the beginning of the fiscal year and where 
we are right now. Beginning of the fiscal year, we were at 10.3 billion, 
now we're at 12.2 billion. The split of the AUM book is 65 of the AUM 
today, 65% in gold loans, 34.5 percent between the business loan 
product and the three-wheeler Electric vehicle product. The larger 
component, which is 32 percent, is business loans and about just under 
3% is in the three-wheeler electric vehicle product. Going forward, you 
will see about 70% in gold loans, about 4 to 5% longer term in the three-
wheeler electric vehicle product and about 25% in the BL product. This 
is longer term. This is not specifically for this fiscal year or next fiscal 
year.  
 
Rajan Mehta:  
Okay. Okay, understood. And in terms of lending as a service, what kind 
of AUM if you were to look at it in that perspective, how much AUM 
would lie with LAAS and you know the revenue share from that?  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
Sure. So, LAAS today is about 47% of total AUM. I think it will stay 
between 40 to 47-48 percent is the number where it is. This last quarter 
has also gone up because of the BC relationship that we have with 
SIDBI. So that also added to the LAAS AUM. I think that is a fairly good 
product and you know fairly good and profitable product for us is given 
the fact that we are sweating our branch infrastructure more and being 
able to do that business in with our core customer that we already 
serve. So that's in terms of AUM, it will be between 40 to 47% of AUM. 
On your second question in terms of revenue, I mean we don't break it 
out that way in terms of what percentage of revenue comes from them 
because we lump the entire interest income, but plus the fee income 
that we generate from them, but you know suffice, it is to say that 
they'll be in the same ratio if not somewhat slightly higher than the AUM 
ratio for these co-lending partners.  
 
Rajan Mehta:  
Okay got it, fair enough. And just speaking of you mentioned SIDBI, so 
we have partnerships with HDFC, UGRO, DCB and some others also. So, 
if you could give some color on that in terms of how much we are being 
able to scale up that co-partnership.  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
So, most of those partners have scaled up or we have hopefully scaled 
up with them, most of them obviously from time to time, some of them 
have some amount of cyclicality associated. So, in terms of the previous 
six months, I think the biggest partners that we've scaled up with have 
been DCB and after DCB you know, scale up with UGRO, Ratna fin and 
also, with SIDBI now and with Central Bank of India.  
 

Rajan Mehta:  
Just lastly, if you could touch upon our branch network, if you share 
how many of our branches turned profitable during this quarter or this 
half year and if we are seeing, you know, improvement in overall 
productivity levels at those branch?  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
So, in this last quarter, 76 branches were profitable the quarter before 
that it was 66 branches. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, about 
two to three branches going forward incrementally should break even as 
well as they reach the critical breakeven point. I'm sorry, what was the 
second part of your question, my apologies. Sorry.  
 
Rajan Mehta:  
No Sir. Just basically productivity levels at the branches and also if you 
could add any future plans to open new branches in any new state or 
regions.  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
So, new branches for the rest of this fiscal will probably not be there, 
given the fact that the focus now is primarily to enhance productivity 
and efficiency from the existing branch network that we put up. So, we 
put up 80 branches in the last 30 months alone and 58 branches in the 
last two years specifically. So, we want to make sure that now we sweat 
these branches in terms of the infrastructure, people, etc. and get most 
bang for our buck from a productivity standpoint. How we plan to 
increase the productivity is you know, we obviously measure it on our 
you know per hour and per day basis etcetera. So how we enhance 
productivity from the relationship managers from the branch network, 
not just in the gold loan product but also the PL product and the three-
wheeler electric vehicle product is where you will see the jump in 
productivity and hopefully enhanced earnings from that.  
 
Rajan Mehta:  
All right. Thank you so much, Sir. Thank you for taking my questions. 
And all the best.  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
Thank you very much.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, you may press “*” and “1” to ask a 
question. The next question is from the line of Diksha Jain, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead.  
 
Diksha Jain:  
Hi Sir, hello.  
 
Rohan Juneja: 
Yes, Please go ahead. 
 
Diksha Jain:  
Yeah. Could you provide me some details on any write-off the company 
has undertaken like specifically what is the total amount of written off 
and how much has been recovered from it?  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
Diksha, the total amount written off has been about 5.4 crores in total 
on the recoveries from the write off I just mentioned to someone who 
asked a question previously that will come back to you, I don't have that 
number handy in front of me.  
 
Diksha Jain:  
Okay, Okay. And can you just let me understand like what is the total 
tonnage of gold held by TruCap like at what purity levels are the loans 
being issued again?  
 

Rohan Juneja:  
For the purity of gold, just give me a second. I have it right here. The 
tonnage of gold we have about 1.92 tons’ gross of gold under our 
custody.  
 
Diksha Jain:   
Okay, that's it from my side. Thank you so much.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, you may press “*” and “1” to ask a 
question. The next question is from the line of Chathurika, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Miss Chathurika, your line has been unmuted, please go ahead with your 
 
 
 
question. 
 
Chathurika:  
Hello. Good morning, Sir. So, my first question is how much is loan per 
working day in FY24 as it was around 560 and how much growth we have 
seen on that front?  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
Sorry, when you're saying loan per working day, you're asking on the 
number of loans we made per working day.  
 
Chathurika: 
 
Yes, yes, Sir.  
 
Rohan Juneja:  
Okay, so sorry I don't have the number in front of me, but if you follow 
up with the IR team, I can definitely get you that number. We have it 
calculated. I just don't have that in front of me, my apologies.  
 
Chathurika:  
Okay. No worries, Sir. And the other question is of the total customer 
acquired, how much will be need to credit and does the company have 
a scheme to provide a top up or a new loan to the customer who is 
nearing his payment tenure. In short, basically, I just wanted to 
understand how do we keep our customers or retain them. 
 
Rohan Juneja:  
You know, so we don't offer top ups. We do have a customer retention 
program, which is basically, you know when our customers closer 
towards the end of the tenure or etc. how do you retain the customer, I 
don't want to go into specifics in terms of what we do because that is 
giving away you know a lot of information on a public call. But you 
know, we do have customer, customer retention is an important part of 
the business because otherwise you'll keep spending money on acquiring 
newer and newer customers.  
 
Chathurika:   
Got it. Thank you, Sir. And all the best. Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, you may press “*” and “1” to ask a 
question. 
 
 
A reminder to all the participants, you may press “*” and “1” to ask a 
question. 
 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
 
Rohan Juneja:  
That's all from our side. Thank you very much for joining this call and 
we look forward to talking to you in the next earnings call. Thank you.  
 

Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of TruCap Finance Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
line. Thank you.  
 
******** 
