 
 
 
Abans Holdings Limited 
Regd. Office: 36, 37, 38A, Floor-3, Nariman Bhavan, Backbay Reclamation, Nariman Point, Mumbai-400021. 
CIN: L74900MH2009PLC231660   Tel: +91 22 68170100    Fax: 022 61790010     
Email ID: compliance@abansholdings.com    Website: www.abansholdings.com 
November 18, 2024 
 
 
To,  
BSE Limited (“BSE”) 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) 
The Listing Department, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
BSE Script Code: 543712 
NSE Symbol: AHL 
 
Subject: Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’) 
  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of 
the Company’s Q2 FY2024-25 earnings conference call held on Tuesday, November 12, 2024. The 
transcript is also being uploaded on the Company’s website i.e. https://abansholdings.com/Regulation-
30.html. 
 
Kindly take the above information on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Abans Holdings Limited 
 
 
 
Sheela Gupta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sheela 
Ambujkumar 
Gupta
Digitally signed by Sheela 
Ambujkumar Gupta 
Date: 2024.11.18 14:38:40 
+05'30'

Abans Holdings Ltd 
Quarter 2 FY 2025 
12 Nov, 2024 
 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
of Abans Holdings Limited hosted by Valorem Advisors. As a reminder, all participants’ lines 
will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes.  
 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Miss Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and 
over to you, ma'am.  
 
Purvangi Jain:  
Good afternoon, everyone and a warm welcome to you all. I'm Purvangi Jain from Valorem 
advisors. We represent the Investor relations of Abans Holdings Limited. On behalf of the 
company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the earnings call for the second 
quarter of the financial year 2025.  
 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today's earnings call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are 
subject to risk and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management's belief as well as assumptions made 
by and information currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned not to 
place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment 
decision. The purpose of today's call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the 
company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review.  
 
Let me now introduce you to the management participating with us in today's call. We have 
with us Mr. Chintan Mehta - Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Nirbhay Vassa - Chief Financial Officer 
and Mr. Ketur Shah - Assistant Vice President.  
 
I will now hand it over to Mr. Nirbhay for his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, Sir.  
 
Nirbhay Vassa:  
Thank you Purvangi for your introduction. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you all for 
joining this earnings call. Before we get into our quarter’s performance for the sake of some of 
you who might be here for the first time, I would like to introduce our company Abans 
Holdings.  
 
We are a diversified financial services company that caters to financial businesses such as 
institutional broking, asset management, financial lending, and treasury and remittance 
services. Today we have a global presence with established operations in India, United 
Kingdom, Mauritius, Dubai and Hong Kong. We have grown from being a company that was 
trading in commodities into a diversified multi asset and multinational financial services 
company over the years.  
 
Our income is mainly segmented under agency business, which is fee income, finance business 
which is lending income and capital business which is our treasury income. Through our 
agency business, we also offer opportunities in multi asset global institutional trading in 
equities, commodities and currencies. We also offer private client broking, asset management 
and investment advisory services, wealth management services to high-net-worth individuals.  
 
We operate our lending business through our NBFC primarily focused on providing secured 
and unsecured term financing to individuals and small and medium enterprises across India.  
 

Our capital business vertical comprises mainly of our internal treasury operations, which 
includes physical trading of commodities along with exchange-based trading in foreign 
exchange, equities and commodities.  
 
I would like to extend a warm welcome to all of you as we gather here today to discuss and 
reflect on our company's recent performance and results. I will now go through the financial 
highlights for the second quarter of FY25.  
 
Our consolidated revenues grew by around 76% year on year to 641 crores. The EBITDA for 
the quarter stood at 46 crores, which grew by 18% year on year. The net profit stood at 27 
crores, which witnessed a 17% growth year on year. Our revenue from operations for the half 
year ended FY25 is now at 937 crores, which has grown approximately by 50% year on year. 
EBITDA reported at 90 crores for the half year represents an 18% year on year growth with a 
margin of approximately 10%. Net profits stood at 52 crores, growing by 18% year on year.  
 
On the operational front due to better optimization of resources, the revenue is up by 51% 
compared to the half year ended September 23, with almost the same financial costs showing 
that there is place for growth without incurring significant additional costs. We achieved AUM 
growth of around 17% since March 31st, 2024 due to strong and consistent returns generated 
by the company enhancing investor confidence and increasing the visibility and strength of our 
brand. Correspondingly, fee income has increased by 55% compared to the same period last 
year, further reinforcing investor trust and our reputation.  
 
In our lending business, the management has prioritized expanding the lending business in 
response to favorable market prospects by actively exploring into new loan segments and 
testing those opportunities on a pilot basis to assess their visibility and potential. This strategic 
expansion led to an increase in our customer base with the new loan segments resulting in an 
83,00,00,000 growth in the loan book compared to H1 FY24, which represents a 20% growth. 
Consequently, the operational profit from our lending business has increased by 25% over the 
same period, reflecting the positive impact of this targeted approach.  
 
Our capital business, which is our internal treasury operations, manages the excess capital 
funds line with the company and has performed exceptionally well despite the volatile market 
environment in the last quarter. This included factors such as Indian elections as well as the 
finance budget. This strong performance has led to a notable increase in our H1 performance 
compared to the same period last year. The company's resilience and ability to capitalize on 
such dynamic’s underscores its adaptability and strength in navigating complex financial 
landscapes.  
 
We can now open the floor for question-and-answer sessions. Chintan Bhai has just joined 
with me. He was in an external meeting so he will be available to answer questions. Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
The first question is from the line of Mohit Upadhyay, an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
 
Mohit Upadhyay:  
Hello. Good afternoon. So, thanks for the opportunity. So, my first question EBITDA, it has 
been declined from half yearly basis like it has been from 10 to 7. So, what was the main 
reason behind it?  
 
Nirbhay Vassa: 
Sorry, your voice is cutting a little bit, Mohit, but I understand you're asking about EBITDA 
margins, right?  
 
Mohit Upadhyay:   
Correct.  
 
Nirbhay Vassa:  
So, like I've mentioned in the previous calls as well, EBITDA margin is because of the top line of 
the company, the top line of our company is segregated into three aspects, which is your fee 
income, your lending income as well as your treasury turnover, right. So, in whichever quarter 
we do larger turnovers in physical trade, the EBITDA margin percentage looks smaller. 
However, the profits for the quarter have increased, so you don't actually look at EBITDA 
margin as a function of an overall sales compared to EBITDA, you should look at it from a 
segment point of view. So, I would like to take your attention to our segment results which 
show you that there is an increase in fee income and finance or lending income and because 
the turnover in the treasury was higher, the EBITDA margins are lower.  
 

Mohit Upadhyay:  
OK, OK. So yeah, so like I was about asking what is the outlook of the business for the second-
half of this financial year considering there is a lot of concern on the capital market as well as 
there seems to be some pressure as per news article on NBFC. So, what is the main outlook of 
the management for this H2? 
 
Nirbhay Vassa: 
One second, Chintan bhai will answer this question.  
 
Chintan Mehta:  
Yeah. Mohit, Chintan Mehta this side and capital markets are under pressure. We can say that 
if at all, we want to say that. Otherwise, if we see after COVID level, so nifty was somewhere 
around 12,000 level and it went to the high of 26800. So, I think it was an astonishing way of 
saying that it was a long bull run and what we are seeing is a correction out of a huge bull run 
and we are still at sub 24,000 level and these are natural months where we can say that profit 
bookings will come. That is what we all are looking at like FPIs and the foreign holders are 
booking their profit because valuation has become very expensive in India and this is their 
year-end. So, if you see October month, they have taken out somewhere around 1 lakh crore 
rupees and if you see from the money the month of November, it is still 22,000 is already been 
sold and we are still only on 12th of November. So, this year this every year this part of the 
year they booked their profit and if you see our P/E which is a trailing P/E which is somewhere 
around still at 23-24 level. So, I think still it is very expensive or not expensive really, but a rich 
valuation for our markets and I think time consolidation or time correction will definitely will 
be in the place. So even though if it doesn't go down to like 20,000 or below but time 
correction we are anticipating and that is why Nirbhay bhai said that it is a volatile time and we 
need to be on our edge and we have to manage our portfolio. FPIs have sold even a G-Sec 
holding, ok and so basically this is the reason you need expert to trade and that is why we see 
the better performance in the results of Abans and our AUM is also growing and people are 
still trusting us and we are able to by the grace of God, we are able to provide you know better 
returns for them with the better systems as well as be a better resource at our disposal, we 
are able to generate a better return and AUM also is growing continuously and we are at a run 
rate of AUM's improving by 40% year on year.  
 
Mohit Upadhyay:   
OK, OK. OK. Thanks. That's all from my side. Thank you and that's all.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of page Tejpal Singh, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Tejpal Singh:  
Hello, Sir. Congratulations to you and your whole team on delivering great set of numbers. So, 
my first question is that can you explain what has driven the growth in the agency business 
considering that markets have corrected 8 to 10%?  
 
Nirbhay Vassa: 
OK so Tejpal, right. Yes, this is Nirbhay. I would like to point out that our agency business 
includes 4 or 5 aspects, right. It includes subscription fees. So, when someone puts in new 
money, we charge them subscription fee in our global arbitrage fund. There's performance 
fee, there's brokerage income because we have our own broking companies and there is 
advisory income. So, in the last quarter because of the events that have happened globally, 
both in US and in India, the amount of trades and churn have been high, so the brokerage 
incomes have been high, one. Two is inflows are still steadily coming in, especially in safe 
haven funds like global arbitrage funds and hence we've had a larger subscription fee and 
marginally our performance fees have dipped compared to the last quarter because of the 
performance of the market and hence we've had a flat quarter when it comes to agency fee. 
Otherwise, we would have done better quarter on quarter if the performance element was 
higher.  
 
Tejpal Singh:  
OK, Sir. So, my second question is that how have our arbitrage fund and PMS fund performed 
in terms of returns an AUM?  
 
Nirbhay Vassa: 
Yeah. So let me answer this in two parts. Let's just speak about the global arbitrage fund. So, 
the global arbitrage fund itself, the name suggests that the market volatility does not do 
anything worse to it, it might do something better to it. So, it has performed a couple of bits 
better than the last quarter in terms of performance, I think it has given the performance of 
.65, if I'm not mistaken per month on an average. OK. The .65 percentage for a low risk fund is 
very good in such scenarios and the AUM has gone up by I think 12%, if I'm not mistaken for 
the quarter. OK, for global arbitrage fund. For the portfolio management services or the PMS, 
we had 66 crores in August 23 and now our AUM stands at 152 crores and we've got fresh 

inflows of 35 crores during the half year from our Foreign Fund and we've got fresh inflows 
worth about 10 crores from India. So, the AUM is growing steadily. It has doubled over the 
year and the performance is still 13% for the half year. 13% absolute number, so about 26% 
for the year.  
 
Tejpal Singh:  
 
That's impressive.  
 
Nirbhay Vassa: 
Yes, you should look at our PMS as an investor, both in terms of its performance and its value 
picking ability.  
 
Tejpal Singh:   
 
OK, Sir. Thank you. Thank you so much.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Yash Sanghvi, an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
 
Yash Sanghvi:  
OK. Good afternoon, Sir. So, Sir, in highlights you are talking about exploring new loan 
segments in your finance business. So, can you talk more about this like what kind of loans are, 
what risks? what kind of these loans to like what interest rates are we charging?  
 
Nirbhay Vassa: 
OK, so see, when you are a small sized NBFC in this competitive environment, one is you have 
to be a little bit creative when it comes to trying to understand where your money does not 
turn bad and also earn a good net interest margin on your funds. So, we are for the first time 
this quarter we have started looking at small sized loans based on both capital market traders 
and two is people who have shareholdings of above ₹20 lakhs. We are trying to structure loan 
against shares in the longer run, but right now we are ok to take an unsecured exposure of 5-6 
lakh rupees per investor when he or she has a portfolio of more than ₹20 lakh so this time we 
have done, I think 250 to 280 loans, we have dispersed in this last quarter and we've been able 
to earn an IRR of between 18 to 21%. These loans are short term loans, which shall be 
returned to our balance sheet hopefully by March 25.  
 
Yash Sanghvi:   
 
OK, I've got it. Thank you so much, Sir. That's it from my side.  
 
Nirbhay Vassa: 
 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participant, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments.  
 
Nirbhay Vassa: 
Thank you Purvangi and thank you all of you for participating in this earnings concall from both 
me and Chintan Bhai. I hope we were able to answer your questions satisfactorily and at the 
same time offer you insights on understanding our business. I hope you all had a happy Diwali 
and wish you all a prosperous new year. If you have any further questions about our company, 
please reach out to Valorem advisors and we would be happy to answer all your questions. 
Thank you all.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Abans Holdings Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
