 
30 October 2024 
 
 
To,  
BSE  Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 524669 
To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra - Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: HESTERBIO 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam: 
 
Subject: 
Transcripts of earnings conference call held on 28 October 2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the earnings conference call held by the 
management of the Company with investors on Monday, 28 October 2024 at 2:00 p.m. (IST) to discuss 
the financial results for the for the quarter and six months period ended 30 September 2024. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
 
Sincerely, 
For Hester Biosciences Limited 
 
 
 
Vinod Mali 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Enclosure: As above 
 
Vinod 
Mali
Digitally signed 
by Vinod Mali 
Date: 
2024.10.30 
17:54:11 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 6 
 
 
 
 
“Hester Biosciences Limited 
Q2/H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
28 October 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJIV GANDHI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – HESTER BIOSCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MS. PRIYA GANDHI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
HESTER BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
 
MR. NIKHIL JHANWAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
HESTER BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. NISHA SHETTY – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
28 October 2024 
 
Page 2 of 6 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Hester Bioscience Q2 H1 
FY25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Nisha from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank 
you and over to you, ma'am. 
Management: 
Nisha? Yes, Nisha you can start. 
Nisha: 
Thank you, Palak. Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I 
welcome you all on Q2 FY25 earnings conference call of Hester Biosciences 
and I thank the Hester Biosciences management team for giving us this 
opportunity to host this call. Today, on this call, we have with us, Mr. Rajiv 
Gandhi, CEO and Managing Director; Ms. Priya Gandhi, Executive Director; Mr. 
Nikhil Jhanwar, CFO. 
 
I will now hand over the call to the Hester management team for their opening 
remarks. Thank you. Over to you, sir. 
Priya Gandhi: 
Yes, thank you. Good afternoon everyone. This is Priya Gandhi, Executive 
Director at Hester Biosciences and thank you for joining us today as we present 
our performance for the second quarter and the first half of FY25. 
 
Building on the foundation set in Q1, we continued to achieve a steady growth 
in Q2 across all divisions. Our strategy of expanding our product portfolio and 
focusing on operational efficiency has delivered promising results, despite a 
challenging market environment in certain areas. 
 
On a consolidated basis, division of product sales have increased by 27% for 
the first half of FY25 compared to the last year. We are seeing good traction 
across both domestic and international markets with contributions from our 
core division which is Animal Healthcare, Poultry Healthcare as well as Pet 
Care. 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
28 October 2024 
 
Page 3 of 6 
 
If you see our revenue from operations in the press note that got circulated a 
while ago, you will see a flat performance in the first half, which is purely 
because of the onetime sales which had happened in Q1 last year, so that's 
the reason you see that. But however, our divisional product sales and 
divisional-wise performance have gone up on a standalone as well as a 
consolidated basis in Q2 and H1. 
 
Talking of the Animal Healthcare division. In Q2, FY25, our Animal Healthcare 
division registered 4% growth bringing H1 FY25 growth to 20%. This growth 
was largely driven by sustained demand in the dairy sector with higher 
consumption of milk and milk product fueling our sales. 
Our mineral supplements intra-mammary products have maintained the 
momentum that it had gained in Q1. Additionally, we have also introduced new 
products in the category of pain relief solutions, one of the line extensions of 
one of our key brands called ProtinC for cattle has also contributed positively 
to the sales in this division in the last quarter. 
 
Looking ahead, we are optimistic about the continuing growth in the dairy 
sector and we will keep expanding our offerings to meet the evolving needs of 
this market. We remain focused on capitalizing on both trade demand, as well 
as government tender requirements, particularly with our Goat Pox and PPR 
vaccines which continue to support the National Immunization Program. 
 
Coming to the Poultry Healthcare division, our Poultry Healthcare division 
delivered a strong 20% growth in Q2 and 27% for the first half of the year. 
Vaccine sales continued to perform well, strengthened by 59% increase in 
exports of poultry vaccines. 
To further improve disease control measures in poultry farms, we've 
introduced a disinfectant during the quarter, which has also contributed to the 
growth of the health product segment within the Poultry division. With 
increasing global demand for poultry products and our consistent efforts, we 
are confident in maintaining this growth trajectory. 
 
Coming to our Pet Care division. Pet Care division has been a key focus area 
for us as we cater to the growing market of pet owners seeking science backed 
driven products. In Q2 FY25, the Pet Care division achieved a 12% growth and 
20% in H1 FY25. 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
28 October 2024 
 
Page 4 of 6 
 
One of our key launches this quarter was Diet Fortify which is a prescription 
based pet food diet which is aimed at addressing the lifestyle related issues in 
pets. This product is already receiving positive feedback and we are seeing 
encouraging growth from veterinary prescription. 
 
Coming to our financial performance. We are pleased to report that gross profit 
margins remain broadly consistent in Q2 FY25. Overall for the first half of the 
year, our GP margins improved by 6%, primarily due to having the right 
product mix. Increased revenue from product sales have also allowed for 
better absorption of fixed costs, which have led to 4% improvement in the 
EBITDA margin. Our overall PAT saw a significant increase of 38%, with PAT 
ratio improving by 3% reflecting our improved operational efficiency and focus 
on high margin products. 
Coming to our subsidiaries. Our international subsidiaries have also continued 
to perform well and contribute to the consolidated results. Hester Nepal has 
achieved a turnover of INR2.13 crore in Q2, showing growth from Q2 FY24. 
Export orders and domestic vaccine needs have been fulfilled leading to an 
improved cash flow. Hester Nepal is now also debt free. 
 
Speaking of Hester Africa. Hester Africa has also registered an impressive 
growth with a top line of INR9.2 crore in Q2 compared to INR1.96 crore in the 
corresponding quarter. While we continue to work reducing our losses, the 
overall trend is positive with the EBITDA showing a substantial improvement. 
 
Looking forward, our focus for the upcoming quarters will remain on 
introducing new products to further diversify our portfolio, increase operational 
efficiency and driving growth across all three divisions. We are committed to 
strengthening our position as a holistic animal health company providing 
innovative solutions for the wellbeing of animals. 
 
Thank you for your continued support and confidence in Hester. We look 
forward to the exciting opportunities ahead and remain dedicated to delivering 
sustainable growth and value to all our stakeholders. We now welcome your 
questions and look forward to the discussion. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their 
touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
28 October 2024 
 
Page 5 of 6 
 
you may press star and two. Participants are requested to only use handsets 
while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment 
while the question queue assembles. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes, this is Rajiv Gandhi here, CEO and Managing Director. I think as there are 
no questions, I would just like to make a few comments. 
 
One is that, I think the explanation given would have been well, so that that 
would have taken out all the queries from everybody. Point number one. Point 
number two is that, we are on an upward trajectory in terms of top line and 
bottom line. We are very clear on our focus on the bottom line. The next 
upcoming focus areas are to further strengthen the Animal Healthcare division 
and also to improve our company cash flow overall. 
 
One comment which I would like to make on the Pet Care division is that, we 
see this division as a very promising upcoming division. This is going to be the 
future big division within our organization and if you see worldwide the Pet 
business of all the big companies, animal health companies worldwide is more 
than what it is of the Animal Healthcare or the Poultry Healthcare division. Of 
course, it would take a little time in India for it to reach those levels, but we 
definitely see the pet division as a star division in days to come. 
 
In terms of Poultry Healthcare, we have been growing steadily and we are 
trying to maintain the growth rate. And now our focus in the Animal Healthcare 
and Poultry, besides vaccines, it would also be healthcare products. 
We started in 1997 as a vaccine company and we continue to be more known 
as a vaccine company. But over the period of time, we have evolved ourselves 
from vaccines to health products. And this is something which we are going to 
continue in a very strong manner. Of course, it does not dilute our focus on 
vaccines. We have a few vaccines in the pipeline in the R&D, a few 
technologies that we have acquired from the Indian Veterinary Research 
Institute and another government institute. 
 
So that pursuit goes on. But this is in addition that we will push the health 
products segments as well. And last but not the least, on the Pet side, we do 
not have any vaccines. It is our endeavour that in a year's time, we launch at 
least one pet vaccine and so that division also opens its account with the 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
28 October 2024 
 
Page 6 of 6 
 
vaccine with which actually we have started our business. That's all from my 
side. Thank you for being patient, listeners. 
Moderator: 
Participants who wish to ask question, may press star and one.  
Nisha: 
So I think with this we can end the call for today and we thank everyone for 
joining and for everyone's continued support for us. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
