 
 
SEC/SE/078/2024-25 
Chennai, November 15, 2024 
 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra(E), 
Mumbai - 400051 
NSE Symbol - DATAPATTNS 
To 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001 
Company Code: 543428 
 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 - Transcript of Earnings Conference Call  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Further to our earlier letters no. SEC/SE/069/2024-25 dated November 05, 2024 and SEC/SE/071/2024-25 
dated November 06, 2024 intimating the schedule of Earnings Conference Call on the financial results for the 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call held on Monday, November 11, 2024 at 05.30 P.M. IST.   
 
The transcript of the earnings call is also available on website of the Company.  
 
We request you to take the above on record and oblige. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
For Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
 
 
Prakash R 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A34652 
 
 
Encl: As above  
 
 
 
 
R 
PRAKASH
Digitally 
signed by 
R PRAKASH

 
Page 1 of 23 
 
  
 
 
“Data Patterns (India) Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S. RANGARAJAN – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – DATA PATTERNS (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MR. VENKATA SUBRAMANIAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – DATA PATTERNS (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. MONALI JAIN – GO INDIA ADVISORS 
 
 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Data Patents Q2 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in a 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star and zero on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I will now hand the conference over to your host, Ms. Monali Jain from Go India Advisors. 
Thank you and over to you. 
Monali Jain: 
Thanks, Ryan. Good evening everyone and welcome to Data Patents India Limited Earnings 
Call to discuss the Q2 and H1 FY '25 Earnings. We have the senior management of the company 
on call, Mr. S. Rangarajan, Chairman and Managing Director and Mr. Venkat Subramanian, 
Chief Financial Officer. We must remind you that our discussion on today's call may include 
certain forward-looking statements and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risks 
that the company faces. 
 
May I now request Mr. Rangarajan to take us through the company's business outlook and 
financial highlights, subsequent to which we will open the floor for questions and answers. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
S. Rangarajan: 
Thank you, Monali. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. It is my pleasure to welcome you all 
to our Q2 FY '25 Earnings Call. I hope you had the opportunity to review the earnings 
presentation available on both the stock exchanges and our website. Before Venkat presents the 
financial results, I would like to provide a brief overview of some important updates and key 
highlights for this quarter. 
 
In Q2, as you have seen from our results, our revenue growth in the second quarter has been 
weaker than expected, primarily due to a deferment of a scheduled delivery from one customer 
worth INR27 crores. Take off of this will happen in H2 and we are confident of meeting our FY 
'25 revenue growth guidance of 20%, 25%. 
 
We are expecting order inflow of around INR700 crores to INR800 crores in FY '25. We've 
received orders of INR83.5 crores till H1. We have further received orders of INR82.7 crores in 
October. We are L1 for INR227 crores, which we expect delivery within 12 months. We have a 
very strong bidding pipeline and we're targeting for another INR2,000 crores to INR3,000 crores 
orders in the next 18 to 24 months. 
 
Despite the challenges in revenue, our team has been focused on driving operational efficiencies 
and improving the overall profitability of the business. This has resulted in improvement in 
margins. We are hopeful to achieve our stated guidance of EBITDA margin at 35% to 40% for 
the full-year. 
 
Our order book at the end of Q2 stood at INR971 crores. The order book as on date stands at 
INR1,281 crores, including orders negotiated. Our dedication to research and development has 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
resulted in the development of several new products, which have been planned to demonstrate 
to be able to participate in larger tenders and thus increase the TAM for Data Patterns. 
 
Data Patterns is strategically utilizing the proceeds from QIP to advance the product 
development initiatives. A significant portion of QIP funds have been allocated to expanding 
research and development capabilities. We are leveraging that to drive the development of next-
generation products that align with emerging industry requirements and technological 
advancements. 
 
We've been continuously recruiting talent to enable us to address the new product developments 
and ensure sufficient training resources are available for the planned growth. For total headcount 
was 1,504 with 1020 engineers at the end of Q2. We advanced up the value chain by developing 
comprehensive systems using reusable building blocks and leveraging our existing 
competencies. 
 
This strategy has facilitated our expansion into new geographic markets, including Europe and 
East Asia, where we have successfully competed with foreign OEMs. Our sustained investment 
in products and technology, totaling INR124 crores in capital expenditure over the last 5 years 
and an anticipated capex of about INR150 crores in the next 2 years to meet the anticipated 
growth. 
 
Our financial performance over the years reflects a strength of our business model and EBIT 
effectiveness of our strategic initiatives. Despite decline in revenue, our gross margins reported, 
our import improved and are at 76%, up 700 basis points from same quarter last year. EBITDA 
was down 16% year-on-year at INR34.3 crores. 
 
However, we were able to maintain the margins at 38%. Profits were at INR30.3 crores, down 
10% year-on-year, while margins are better at 33%. Our in house designing and development 
are yielding better margins given the operating leverage and prudent financial management. We 
have robust order book as on-date of INR1,281 crores, where growth has been as seen across all 
verticals, development orders contributing 18% to the top line and production at 73%. 
 
Our diversified order book with significant contribution of Radar at 67% and Avionics at 21% 
highlights our strategic positioning. Our order inflows during the quarter was lower than 
expected. On that note, in Q2, we secured the following orders, including production orders for 
export Avionics worth INR15.7 crores, production order from DRDO for Avionics worth INR6 
crores. 
 
Keeping the secular tailwinds in mind, we are committed to sustaining a revenue growth of 20% 
to 25% and maintaining high margins between 35% to 40%. We aim to capitalize on the 
following opportunities, focus on fire-control radars, expand radars and smaller radars for 
UAVs, ensuring cost competitiveness with in-house IP in radars. Develop electronic warfare 
products, meet the requirements of Army, Air Force and Navy, provide military radars, video 
relays and other equipment. 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
 
At this point, I pass the floor to Venkata for his comments. Thank you. 
Venkata Subramanian: 
Thank you, sir. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. We are happy to present our financial 
performance highlights for Q2 of FY '25. Let's delve into the overview of our financial 
highlights. In Q2 FY '25, revenues were down by 16% to INR910 million due to delay in delivery 
of order worth INR207 million. 
 
Development contracts contributed to 18%, while production contracts 73% and service 
contracts approximately 9% in Q2 FY '25, highlighting the diversity in our revenue streams. 
Electronic Warfare and avionics contributed highest to the revenue at 48% and 19% respectively. 
 
Similarly, our order book stands at around INR971 crores as on 30th September, with a good 
mix of both development and product -- production contracts. We were able to improve our 
gross margin at 76% led by better product mix. In H1 FY '25, we maintained the revenues at 
INR1,951 million with gross margin at 74% and EBITDA margins at 37%. 
 
Our net debt-free balance sheet reflects prudent financial management. As of 30th September 
2024, we hold over INR557 crores in cash and cash equivalents, underscoring our financial 
strength and liquidity. Overall, we delivered a decent performance in H1 and are confident of a 
better second half and a steady growth momentum in the years ahead. 
 
With this, we will now proceed to the question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Dipen Vakil from Phillip Capital. Please go ahead. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Sir, my first question is relating to your order inflow. So you 
have posted that this year we'll be getting somewhere close to around INR700 crores worth of 
orders in FY '25 and in next 2 to 3 years, we'll be getting somewhere close to around INR2,000 
crores or INR3,000 crores worth of order. 
 
Sir, is it possible for you to tell us the kind of order pipeline which is there, which gives you 
confidence for such a such great order inflow. So I don't want the numbers, I understand for the 
competition, you may not be comfortable with numbers, but at least the areas where such tenders 
are out and bidding is going on? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Okay. See, as you are aware, our strength is in radars and electronic warfare as a percent plus 
any avionics. And since we have done a fair amount of development across the radar platform 
or airborne radars, we expect some additional contracts enabled us to happen. Similarly, in 
electronic warfare, we have done some developments and these are all critically required for our 
services and our development organizations. 
 
So we believe that these orders also will come our way. So these are two areas of the contracts 
we're expecting and regarding the other INR700 crores expected, these are all -- some of the 
orders already been executed. We expect repeat orders to happen and some are new orders which 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
discussions are on order -- in order with the customers and the orders are expected in the next 
two to three months' time to see that we execute all these orders probably in 6 to 12 months. So 
they are in advanced stage of discussion. I can't give you the exact order retail, but that is how 
the numbers have been made up. 
Point three is, we are also using the QIP funds. We are actually developing very large products. 
These are coming into some maturity now. The next three to four months' time, the first of the 
products will get announced and we believe this will also find a fair amount of interest in the 
services in Air Force, Navy, etcetera. So we expect -- maybe based on our demonstrations, we 
expect some initial development contracts to happen to then go through various levels of times.  
So we are very positive on the order intake going ahead, though there has been a delay in the 
first quarter, this has been pushed for reasons beyond our control. But these are all happening. 
It is being pushed but not lost, so it will -- orders will happen. And on the other area where we 
are doing development, we are very, very confident or aggressive to see that this is coming out 
very well, products coming out very well. So we expect that this will really give the phillip for 
a substantial growth in the company there in next few years. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Got it, sir. Sir, and on similar lines, you mentioned that capex also, you are going to do a capex 
of close to INR150 crores in next two years. So everything will be largely on the product 
development side or there's something which will be there also from the interest side or maybe 
some other acquisition side of it. So how do you see your capex stabilization in next few years? 
S. Rangarajan: 
No, no, you're talking about asset INR150 crores, right? 
Dipen Vakil: 
Capex? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Capex right? 
Dipen Vakil: 
Yes. 
S. Rangarajan: 
Yeah. Basically, we are planning infrastructure because in keeping with the product 
development, we've already got additional land, some building construction we are going to do, 
plus also all the test equipment and production infrastructure which has to get generated. So this 
will take over the next one to two years, because once the large orders start happening, we need 
to have a streamlined production infrastructure to deliver on those requirements. See, these are 
all very complex systems and these are not -- it's not like a normal commercial system where 
quantities are there. 
 
Quantities may be large, but the value is very high. So there's lot of tests and integration which 
has to happen. We need to have some infrastructure to do all of that. So we're planning ahead to 
see that these are all in place by then large contracts happen, we will have the infrastructure to 
start deliveries. So this we'll be phasing it out in the next two years and we have an idea what to 
do. We have the land already available with us. 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
 
So plans around to see how we can build on it and all the other test infrastructure which we need 
to produce. So more capex mostly is in that area. Yeah, we are thinking about the other merger 
or acquisition, but we have not really taken a stand on this as of present moment. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Got it, sir. Sir, last question, you have mentioned that this year's growth guidance is close to 
around 20% to 25% growth and next year you are confident that you will be looking at an order 
inflow of close to around INR2,000 crores in FY '26. Sir, so is it -- and with the delivery timeline 
of close to around 6 to 12 months for the orders which are coming in, do we see it -- is it like 
can we presume that this we will be doing better than 25% growth in coming years, say, two 
years down the line versus the 25% growth that we are doing right now? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Your intentions is grow fast, but I can't comment on that particular growth line now. I think we 
will probably wait for another one quarter before we see which orders are going to come and 
what timelines this can get delivered, because the clutch of orders which we're expecting, some 
will be delivered over many years, few years, some has to be delivered in 12 months and 18 
months.  
So we need to see which orders happen in the next few months' time by which time then we can 
give you a proper guidance on next year deliverables and how the growth is. But our interest is 
to grow fast. That is why we have raised money to build products because though the initial 
growth is 20%, 25%, we would like to grow at a faster rate in the coming years. But how it's 
going to happen, I'm not at liberty today because we need to see the mix of orders happening. 
We will be able to guide closer to year end, we'll be able to give a guidance next year. But they 
are thinking a lot ahead on four, five years of delivery and contracts for four, five years and that 
is why enormous amount of infrastructure and development we are doing today. Imagine 70%, 
65%, 70% of the organization are development engineers. So you can imagine the amount of 
development which we're doing in products.  
And so our focus is build in India, design in India end to end so that we can compete with 
international companies in large format contracts. So towards that, we've been putting efforts. 
I'm sure it will fructify you in the coming years. 
But we will tell you more and more as and when things start happening. There will be a lot of 
things in mind, but it actually all become real. So we will wait a few months to see how the 
reality happens. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nemish Sundar from Elara Capital. 
Nemish Sundar: 
Just wanted to check on something. So, sir, HAL has recently received order for the Dornier 228 
upgrade. So will Data Patterns be playing any role for avionics in that? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Yeah, co-ordinate Dornier 228 upgrade program depends on how HAL takes this further. At the 
point, I can't comment because the tender is in technical evaluation now, but we have quoted. 
So we'll have to wait and watch how HAL decides and how competition is there and what is 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
their present level of thinking. We want to do this, but we'll have to wait and watch the next few 
months what really happens. 
Nemish Sundar: 
Okay. So estimated timeline, we would expect something around in the next six to 12 months 
some update on... 
S. Rangarajan: 
Yes, six to 12 months, definitely we expect division because they need to deliver maybe in the 
year 2026. So they should finalize it. If I were HAL, I'll finalize it faster. So really I don't know 
what happens. But yes, I think we should get some idea in the next six months next time. 
Nemish Sundar: 
And just one more question I had. On the BrahMos missile, the seekers, is there any update on 
the seekers between you and the other PSU player who was involved? So any updates on that? 
S. Rangarajan: 
We are yet to carry out the live test. Every month they're saying this month. So I hope this month 
the live test happens. Once the test happens, we expect contracts to happen from seekers because 
India wants to do Indian seekers. We expect that to happen. But I can't comment let the live test 
happen, missile tests are happening, it is yet to happen. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Aman Soni from Nvest Analytics Advisory. 
Aman Soni: 
Yes, sir. Hi. Sir, in last con-call when -- when we asked about the effect of delayed Indian 
supplies to HAL from General Electric, you indicated that the company will be able to manage 
by supplying other products and there will be slight growth in Q2. But if you look at the current 
numbers, it seems we were not able to do that compensation. 
So can you please throw some light on what went wrong for us in this quarter? And secondly, 
we are maintaining our guidance on top line basis for full-year. So is it same for bottom line as 
well like 30% growth we were targeting? 
S. Rangarajan: 
See, normally we try to keep some other contracts in case that doesn't grow, we do this. But in 
this case is not only one contract group we delivered, there is a series of other things also. There 
were some delays on acceptance or valued delays are happening. So we are not able to 
compensate whatever we could not do. So this is probably next quarter or next half year, we 
should be able to deliver it. 
That is why we are maintaining guidance of 20%, 25% as we predicted last time. That will go 
because this contract -- all the products are ready. So as and when it is cleared for delivery, we 
will be able to deliver it. So we're waiting for that to happen. So if these costs have shifted, we 
didn't plan to shift firstly when it happened nevertheless. As regards the guidance, idea is to 
increase bottom line more. 
But the contracts which you are expecting still not happened. So there is a shift in the contracts. 
So I'm hoping that the contracts will come. We are taking some advance action. I will be able to 
talk about it probably end of next quarter better than what I can do, but we'll definitely maintain 
our -- whatever guidance we gave you last year. 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
Aman Soni: 
Like profitability guidance for 30% is maintained right now, right? 
S. Rangarajan: 
This is what we would like to do. As of now it stands, we'll have to see whether the mix changes 
as we go along. Whatever mix we are having should give us better bottom line. That is why we 
said the 30% guidance. So, we will see how the mix goes. At the end of probably next quarter, 
we will know. 
Aman Soni: 
Got it. Thank you very much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Saumil Shah from Paras Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Saumil Shah: 
Hi, sir. Our order inflow for the past 6 months is just INR83 crores. So, why is it so less? Any 
particular reason for that? Are we facing any competition or something like that? 
S. Rangarajan: 
No. These orders have got delayed. This is not competition. We have not lost. Whatever we 
planned, we have never lost the order. We only get the shifting of the order book, in the sense 
that inquiries have not come and they got postponed, for reasons which we can't control. So, 
which you all expected to happen in the first 6 months. They got postponed to the second 6 
months now. So, we expect that. 
 
Also, we negotiated INR220 crores as L1. That also should come probably in the next 1 month 
to 2 month’s time. Because the authorization order taking also takes time. But generally, there 
has been a general delay in inquiries and contracts. Nothing to do with competition. We have 
not lost the orders. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. So, basically, what we have guided for INR700 crores to INR800 crores for this year 
extends, I mean, we can get to that order book. 
S. Rangarajan: 
Yes. Already it is INR80 crores plus INR80 crores, INR160 crores, INR170 crores received by 
October. Plus, another INR200 crores already we have L1. So, it makes about INR400 crores. 
Another INR300 crores-INR400 crores are in the pipeline. There are lot of inquiries coming 
now. These are all single tender contracts. Whatever I am projecting to you are all orders where 
we know for sure it will come to us. Whatever we project to you is not based on tender orders. 
 
Tender orders, we don't know which way it will go. So, we are only projecting whatever which 
has to be ours. But unfortunately, some of them, inquiries are getting shifted for some reason 
from decision at the customer end. And it is not beyond our control. But it will all happen. What 
will happen is they won't accelerate delivery. They will shift the order. But delivery, they will 
want it urgently. So, we are trying to take advanced action on those components so that when 
the order happens, we don't delay deliveries. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. And for FY26, as we are expecting orders of INR2,000 plus crores, so normally what is 
the timeline for delivery once we get the order? 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
S. Rangarajan: 
No, I didn't say FY26, INR2,000 crores. I said 18-24 months. INR2,000 crores plus INR2,000 
crores-INR3,000 crores. See, this depends on the mix. I am not able to say now because the 
product mix decides what delivery schedules are going to be. Some of them have a 3-year 
delivery line. Some has 18 months. Some has 12 months. So, we will get a mix. So, that is why 
towards the end of this year, depending on what contract we are going to get on the delivery 
time they are going to ask, I will be able to give proper guidance for FY26. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. It was just, I mean, in the presentation, we have mentioned that expecting orders worth 
INR20 billion in FY26. So, that is the reason why I asked you. Okay, that is it from my side. 
Thank you and all the best for the future orders. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Hardik Rawat from IIFL Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Hardik Rawat: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Wanted a clarification on the capex guidance over the next two 
years. So, this INR150 crores is largely towards R&D. What part of this will be towards the 
infrastructure building that you talked about? 
S. Rangarajan: 
See, R&D is shown differently. So, all INR150 crores, we are talking only about capex in 
building test instrument, test facilities and lines to be set up for production as and when it 
happens. It is just an average value. It is not an exact number. The exact number will work out 
with more clearance in the next 1 or 2 quarters. But the idea is we will be spending a bit more to 
see that infrastructure is created and production volume happens so that we can address the 
production requirements. 
Hardik Rawat: 
Sure. What do we envisage that R&D spends to be like for FY25 and which areas will this be 
targeted at? 
S. Rangarajan: 
See, already we have spent some INR67 crores on R&D spend over the last 12 months or so. 
And out of which majority is actually materials. Inventory procured towards product 
development. We will continue to buy materials and also build in certain areas. So, this will go 
on to see that the products are getting finished. So, that development is there and the money has 
been earmarked for this development. That is why we have taken PAP funds to do this exercise.  
The product development mix is going to be in three, four areas. One is in radars. And these are 
airborne radars which we are designing ourselves. Second is on electronic warfare suite. We are 
developing again airborne warfare suite. There is also ground systems on electronic warfare we 
are designing. The third is participating in some make two programs on radars and EW. These 
are also areas where we are participating. 
 
Fourth is in communications. Building our own radios, network radios and things like that which 
is required for all Army, Navy, Air Force. This will be required as you go along. And so, we are 
building Indian avios, Indian wave forms and systems like that. So, the four areas we are working 
on. We still have some additional money. 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
 
We are planning to build on some satellites but we just postponed that because we want to get 
clarity on how the business is going to happen. Though we have complete competency, we build 
our own satellites and launch it. When the money is there, we want to be very sure how to spend 
the money until we get the idea of contracting what is going to happen. 
We have postponed this a bit. As and when we get clarity, then maybe we can start spending the 
money. At the present moment, it is in the bank. But these are the main areas where we are 
working on at the present. And as we go along, there are new requirements from the market 
which is coming up. So, the cash available is always good. 
 
We can address those opportunities quickly and we have the early bird advantage. One good 
thing is that we do all of the system development in-house from mechanical engineering for 
airborne systems to structural, whatever, all the electronics, the domain, the IP and the test 
equipment infrastructure, the demand requirements for all of them. Everything is done in-house. 
So, that gives us an advantage that we have a tight coupling of the product and design and a 
delivery time frame which is not practical for anybody else to buy and integrate to do. 
 
So, based on need in the market and the customer, if we can address the need, we have an early 
bird advantage. This is what we want to try to leverage rather than going to foreigners and getting 
a tie-up and then building it here. We are putting this effort on building local competencies and 
products. So, that is where it's going to go. 
Hardik Rawat: 
Thank you. With regards to the delivery that got deferred in the current quarter, was this a GUI-
related entity or was this for some external exports customer? 
S. Rangarajan: 
This is a GUI-related entity, but there is also an export customer. We are also talking to them to 
see if we can deliver next quarter. This is not last quarter. Products are getting for next quarter. 
Again, there may be some extensions in delivery. We don't know. We are trying to talk to them 
to see if products are ready and we would like to ship it. So, we are going ahead to see what we 
should do. This business has always been a last quarter business all along, apex with government. 
But what we've managed in the last 2 years is to somehow stabilize the quarter-to-quarter with 
some kind of long-term contracts on hand. So, we are able to mix and juggle and see that 
contractually we try to even out the cash flows and deliver quarter-to-quarter. But sometimes 
this happens that it's not in our control. Though we do the development production on time, 
sometimes the acceptance takes time and then it goes over to the next quarter or next half.  
We need to probably, get more contracts so that this smoothening is possible and also look at it. 
So, that is how the company is working towards to see that a lot of order book, order book size 
become much bigger. So, then we can plan it based on even if there is going to be ups and downs 
in acceptance areas and lifting material from government, we still will be able to even out cash 
flow.  
We are trying to build product mixed and contract mixed such a way that, we can give a more 
predictable quarter-to-quarter uniform kind of delivery. We are still there. We are trying to 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
achieve it. We have done quite a lot in the last 2 years. But this quarter, we could not manage it. 
But we will bounce back again is what we think. 
Hardik Rawat: 
Got it. And, sir, in this INR20 billion to INR30 billion worth of pipeline that you talked about 
over the next 18 months to 24 months, can you give us a rough idea as to what proportion of this 
could come from non-government of India export orders? 
S. Rangarajan: 
We do export. We are planning to do some INR100 crores export this year. We won some nice 
contracts in Europe and in South Korea and also in the UK. We built some products for the UK. 
And it is done and UK products have done very well in the last few years and they are all getting 
large orders. So back-to-back they are also increasing the order on us. So that's a good thing. But 
see that our focus is at the present moment is an Indian market. 
 
See, in India, all along, we've been doing subsystems and components for DRDO. And the 
market for MoD is just opened up full systems. It is our endeavour to see that we address the big 
market with full systems so the substantial scale can happen, not be a INR500 crores company, 
but get into a INR2,000 crores, INR5,000 crores company. We want to do that. So, the market 
is there.  
 
And, of course, it's a slow market. It takes time to get the contract. But there are some low-lying 
opportunities, low-hanging fruits. If we can be quick, nimble, and the technology is outstanding, 
we'll be able to address the market. So, that is what we are trying to do now to see the next 2, 3 
years. We are nimble and very advanced products we're trying to design, which the customer 
would love to have. So, we beat the competition and get contracts. 
 
So, that's what we're trying to do. So, we're doing this. Meantime, also looking at 4-year, 5-year 
kind of horizon where we can also win contracts with the MoD. So, it's a mix of things we're 
trying to do to get scale. So, that's where we are today. So, this, I don't know. I answered the 
question. I'm not very sure.  
Venkata Subramanian: 
So INR20 billion to INR30 billion, whether it is largely exports or local. 
S. Rangarajan: 
So, exports are going to be a bit less now because focus is not there. We need to focus on exports. 
We want to put a separate export team and build that capability and competence because here 
today we are a very R&D-driven organization. So, we need to move to a different marketing 
model to see that. We are internally thinking what is it we should do. We are planning to see 
what we can do there. 
 
But export takes more time. Why I've talked about Indian full systems and orders is once the full 
systems come in India and the first order intake happens and we start delivery, then these 
products can be exported to the world because these are complete equipment, not parts of an 
equipment. That will then really bring us the export 2 years down the line. We should start 
exporting. 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
 
Now, itself some inquiries have come based on what we delivered to customers, here in India. 
We've got some contracts with Hungary which is going to get delivered. Similarly, we'll get 
some contracts with UK for full systems. If these things happen, it is good. But then we need to 
put a lot of marketing orientation and sales process there to see that we can get the larger orders. 
But it will happen a bit slowly. Focus is going to be more on Indian full systems. The scale can 
happen substantively in the next 3 years. 
Hardik Rawat: 
All right. This is really helpful. Thank you so much and all the best for the second half. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Jyoti Gupta from Nirmal Bang Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Jyoti Gupta: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My question is, while our major contribution in revenue comes 
from radar, we also see that the biggest customer is BEL. We missed our estimates by the same 
proportion of the delayed delivery. Is it because there was this delay in receipts on the BEL side 
or what? And second is, do you think such kind of delays in receipts to happen because our 
largest customer is BEL? And is there somewhere a delay in payments coming from BEL which 
might impact our third and fourth quarter numbers as well? 
 
The other thing is, while we are concentrated on the domestic part and exports are going to take 
a setback, how confident are we that the production, the development products that are there, 
will have enough span for the next 3, 4 years? Can you throw some color on this? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Yes, I couldn't understand the second question. Let me answer the first question and come to the 
second later. First is, radar contracts to BEL are not the largest contracts. And there is no delay 
with BEL. So, it's not BEL that we are talking about. The delivery delay is not part of radar. And 
the assumption that it is BEL and they have delayed placement or lifting of contracts is not 
correct. It is not BEL. So, I’ve not named BEL. And it is not BEL anyway. So that is not, one. 
 
Second is, in continuation to the same question is, if this is going to happen regularly, what 
happens really? See, I'll tell you what, some of the government institutions, based on their need, 
they lift material and sometimes postpone material because their own requirement to delivery 
may change because they buy material from so many people and based on which they do. But 
what happens is, after some time, they have to deliver, then urgent deliveries happen. So 
sometimes some shift happens. 
 
So, we need to take care of our requirement, get more contracts rather than we have no control 
over their lifting, delaying, deferment, all of them. So as an organization, I think we need to take 
care of that from our side and plan better. So, this is what we're learning. Sometimes it happens, 
but we never expected that one or two quarters will continue to not keep delays. So that is 
affected this quarter. We need to plan much better from our side.  
 
So, we can't blame the customer for all this. We need to take care of it and see that. So, we are 
working towards it. We are trying to develop further products where these products need is very 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
high from the customer. So, delays will not happen. The customer will push the institutions to 
deliver. So that is the focus we are trying to do, see that this kind of things don't happen. 
 
So that's the first part of the question. Second, I don't know what your exact question was. 
Development span. Can you repeat the question please? 
Jyoti Gupta: 
What I mean is that your concentration, your research and development part is commendable. 
And your information is more on developmental products and projects. Just wanted to 
understand, is there enough span for the next 5 years that whatever we are developing will be 
sold out in the next 5 years, while maintaining the same margin? Or do you think there could be 
some dip in the margins going forward? 
S. Rangarajan: 
No. Whatever products we are developing now, we are developing because we believe they are 
low hanging fruits and the requirement is large. Whatever products we are trying to do now 
because see one-off product development, one contract, we will have to take it tender-based. We 
can't do product development against that because win or lose will happen on a tender. So, we 
don't want to risk that.  
So whatever product we are trying to develop here will be required in quantities which will be 
delivered over many years, maybe 7 years, 5 years, 6 years, etcetera, 3 to 7 years. So, this will 
give you repeat production year on year. And these products which we develop, once we start 
getting contracts in India, they have the same requirements outside India but similar 
requirements are also there. So that also gives me an export potential also. 
 
So, we identified a few products like this which has got a fair amount of scale and the size of 
business is extremely large. Initial orders maybe a few hundred crores but subsequent to that the 
production order is a few thousand crores. So, we are trying to only look at such contracts 
because today with the cleaning the overheads and size of the business and the opportunities 
which is there, we are not really looking at low value, small products, one-off contracts, getting 
to one tender business. 
 
We may participate in one or two but that is more because we have a competency. With a little 
bit of value add we do; we can build the product. But that will not be a focus area. Focus area is 
long-term products. And yes, these all should happen in the next 2 to 3 years. Production 
products should happen in 2 to 3 years. We cannot wait 5 years, 7 years, it is a long time to wait 
and do product development today because we need to live the next 5 years and scale the 
business.  
So, we are very, very focused on how to scale the business in the next 3 to 5 years to much more 
than 3 to 5 times our size we need to do this. So, we are looking at products which will give us 
that kind of bandwidth, the addressable market and a long-term contract order book, a few-year 
order book on hand so that this up and down and quarter to quarter should not happen. 
 
So, we are looking at really large business growth and products coming out very well. Actually, 
outstanding engineering is coming out in what we are doing. And we believe that the customer 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
would love the products when it comes out. So, we are very, very gung-ho, very positive on 
what we are doing in the short and medium term. Long-term, we will have to look at how to do 
this, but short and medium is what we are looking at now to bring stability and growth, 
substantive growth in the company. 
Jyoti Gupta: 
So, one more question. What about the Dornier side? In our last conversation, you said that you 
have done your part of avionics, yet the Dorniers have not been, is there some issue with the 
avionics part in terms of delivery of Dorniers. Is that resolved or is there something, or have I 
missed out on the information? 
S. Rangarajan: 
No, we have delivered whatever was told to us. We delivered in record time, radar and EW 
systems. We delivered in record time. 8 months to 12 months, we delivered a completely new 
airborne systems, fully qualified and certified and shipped. So, they are undergoing flight trials 
now. So now HAL has taken a decision. How do you want to do? Do they want to import? Can 
they look at Indian products? 
 
So, the tender has come. So, they will evaluate the TECs happening. They will evaluate the 
process and then come to a proportion. We are pushing, saying that we have outstanding 
products. And this is jointly done by DRDO and us. So, this is a good product. It is world class. 
So, it is Indian. And we can meet their commitment. We meet everything we tick the boxes. But 
it is for the HAL and the user to decide what they want to do. So, I can't comment on it. But we 
have done our part and we have to wait to see how it really plays out. 
Jyoti Gupta: 
So, we have competition from the international players or within domestic only you have 
competition? 
S. Rangarajan: 
No, there is no domestic competition for us. In most of what we do, there is no domestic 
competition. It's all international competition. 
Jyoti Gupta: 
Okay. And is our rate cheaper or theirs is cheaper? I mean, since we have done an excellent job, 
then we should be bound to get this contract for down here going forward. 
S. Rangarajan: 
We don't know what price; it is a tender. Nobody knows what the other person will quote. I have 
no idea. We have an indication of what they will quote, but nobody knows what they quote. So, 
I can't comment on that. But it is not just quote or price. It is more on how India views programs 
from India and how decisions are going to be taken. 
 
We hope that we should convince them to take Indian product. So that's where we are. We have 
done our job, as I told you. We do the sale process now and see what really happens. 
Jyoti Gupta: 
Okay. All the best, sir. I'm sure you will do very well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Saumil Shah from Paras Investments. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
Saumil Shah: 
Thanks for allowing me a follow-up. So, what is our current debtor days? 
Venkata Subramanian: 
On a trailing 12-month basis, as of September, it is 243 days, which is in comparison to March 
23. March 23, it was 308 days and it has come down to 243. March 24, also, we had 280 days. 
September is on a trailing 12-month basis. 
Saumil Shah: 
So, are we looking to get it down further, by the end of this year or this is a normal debtor days 
for our type of industry? 
S. Rangarajan: 
No, see, it all depends on the product mix, the order contract mix. Development contracts take 
longer time because though we develop some products and most of what we develop, most of 
the contract is our development. But what I mean, it goes through a lot of trials and testing, 
sometimes field trials, sometimes aircraft trials and until that is done and some modification we 
require after trials. So, these are development in nature, no? So there tends to be some delays in 
payment because there is some addition, subtraction happens. 
 
But more and more production contracts we get, then the payment cycles because there is no 
new design validation verification and trials. So, it goes to a normal acceptance process already 
done. So, the debtors days tends to come down. Today there is a lot of mix of development 
contracts. That is why the extended timelines are there. We believe this has to be brought down 
as we go along. It will happen over the next 1 or 2 years. 
 
More and more we start, our product develops getting to a series production and then the quarter-
to-quarter delivery happens there, or month to month it happens. Or sometimes the next two 
years, we expect it to be a month-to-month delivery, not even a quarter-to-quarter delivery. 
When these kinds of things start happening, and that is 70% of our business, if we do that, you 
will see debtor days will come down substantially.  
We have to work on that kind of product mix. Today what's happened is, the whole business in 
India is DRDO driven and development driven. That's the only business we've been seeing. 
We've not gone into the production model where the MoD tenders come in one, and most of 
those vendors are all going to BEL and HAL and on a nomination basis a lot of things happens. 
That is what is happening.  
Very few are really coming to private sector because the entire product should be available and 
some of them make one make two takes a long-life cycle to see that the orders are placed and all 
that. So, this is a slow process. The government is clear that they have to shift the way we are 
doing, but it takes time to shift and also to forest our entire product to be there to position, 
demonstrate.  
So, this will happen over the next few years. But in the meantime, we need to see how to move 
away from the so large development to contracts to production orders. What we are trying to do 
is we are developing our own products other than what DRDO development products are there, 
which will directly go to services. So that is another area where the substantive hardware can 
happen -- delivery can happen, but again in that initially some testing is involved, it will take a 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
year, year and a half then it goes into production, but we have to move from this to that, then 
debtors will come down substantially. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay, And sir what percentage of our sales is to government companies versus the private 
companies? 
S. Rangarajan: 
See, all are government here, very little private here. See this HAL, BEL and all the large 
companies only are ordering because they get the large orders and through DRDO once you 
have done some product development, then they get the final order as a system integrator fully. 
They back-to-back order with us. So it's either PSU or the services MOD business is what 
mainly. Other than for this year, maybe more than 15% we do exports, that is all private, but 
we're exporting.  
But look in India context, they are very little private. Slowly it will have to happen. The large 
organizations, Tata, L&T, whoever this, let's say, Adani, all of them start getting large contracts 
and where their consortium approach takes place, an ecosystem gets done in India and we start 
developing products for them, then the kick-in of private sector business starts, but till now since 
they are not really developing also, they're all tying up with foreigners to bring product, the kick-
in from India is going to be Tier 4, Tier 5 on components rather than subsystem, systems like 
what we do.  
So it's going to take some time. The ecosystem is to kick-in, after which we'll have Indian private 
sector. We are also talking to a few to say, why don't we do this? We need to create an ecosystem 
here, see that Made in India is possible, but these are all in work in classes now. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. So as of now, all India sales is all to government companies and exports to private 
companies? 
S. Rangarajan: 
That's right.  
Saumil Shah: 
Yes. That’s it. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Omkar Chitnis from Trade Brains Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Omkar Chitnis: 
Thank you for giving an opportunity. Sir, my first question is, sir, how many contracts are you 
expecting to get from IP business by FY26 and how many patents do you hold as of now? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Come again, how many -- what did you ask first question. 
Omkar Chitnis: 
How many contracts are you expecting to get by from IP business by FY26 and how many 
patents do you hold? 
S. Rangarajan: 
See whatever we get, see it's very complex phenomenon here. Whatever we get contracts it's 
development is done by us. So IT belongs to us in terms of products development everything 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
100%. The number of contracts varies. It doesn't make sense to give you number of contracts, it 
give me 100 plus or 60 plus, sorry, 100, 200 small parts are also there. So that doesn't actually 
answer any question, but yes all of them are designed by us.  
We are not a system integrator as now, all products are developed and designed by us, but this 
comes for a tricky question of what IP we mean. So when you do with government, sometimes 
DRDO, though we do development as part of the contracting process, the IP gets transferred to 
government. So it is our IP, it also gets transferred to them. So that's a tough question to answer 
because that is the way the nature of business is in India, government wants to own all IP. So 
that is there.  
But we use the IP to build the next products and we take on from there on. And they do program 
wise, we do product. So we differentiate with products and then grow the business. The second 
question is that we have patent, we don’t have patent, we have one patent long back, 10 years, 
15 years back they did. But the focus is not to build patents. We're building products here.  
We're not doing basic research and which is patentable. Here the product IP belongs to building 
products. These products exist in the international market. So really we don't want to really build 
any patents and process here and we are not in that game at the present moment. We want to 
scale by building products because India is importing and there is enormous opportunities in 
India. We want to address and build business here. So I'm not really looking at the patentable 
kind of developments here. 
Omkar Chitnis: 
Sir, as you mentioned, you want to tap international market. Are you planning for any 
partnerships, any joint-ventures with global defense companies for technology development? 
S. Rangarajan: 
We are getting orders, already some three, four companies approached us and we are all building 
products for them. They are also increasing the size of orders to us and getting more product 
developed by us. Slowly it's happening because last 5 years, 6 years, we've had excellent 
performance, systems were not failed, they are working very well. So we're getting confidence.  
So slowly more-and-more companies are coming and we are also, but actively we have to do 
that. We need to have a marketing arm to see the proper development is happening. Today, our 
bandwidth is more focused with the Indian programs, but I think we are putting some 
international brand with marketing brand to recruit and train and address markets so that we start 
getting small orders and 5 years from now, we wanted to be a very big business. So we need to 
do that we've not done that yet. We are getting some contracts, but that is not a sustained, what 
do you say marketing effort which you have put. We need to do that. 
Omkar Chitnis: 
Okay. Sir, my last question is, sir, out of INR971 crores order book, out of that any orders from 
Israel, East Asia and European Union? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Israel no, East Asia yes, Europe, yes. 
Omkar Chitnis: 
What percent of that order book, sir is it possible to quantify? 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
S. Rangarajan: 
They have got INR100 odd crores of Europe and East Asia. 
Omkar Chitnis: 
Okay, sir. Understood. And thank you, sir. 
S. Rangarajan: 
UK is above from Europe, including UK. INR100 odd crores, I don't -- exact amount, but it is 
INR120 crores, INR130 crores as something of that sort. 
Omkar Chitnis: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sahil Karia from Whitepine Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Sahil Karia: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, could you just let us know about the Dornier 228 
platform? Like have you participated only for the IAF platforms or also the Indian coastguard 
platforms? 
S. Rangarajan: 
So presently the tender is I think Naval, Indian Coast Guard will follow I think. 
Sahil Karia: 
Sorry, sir, couldn't get you. 
S. Rangarajan: 
No presently the tender, answer the tender. I think present tender is for Navy. I don't know if the 
tender is for Indian coast Guard. If Indian Coast Guard requires it, it will follow. The present 
tender, I think I'm not very sure, but they don't tell us the end-use, requirement tender only has 
come, but I think it is for Navy. 
Sahil Karia: 
So could you just tell us like for how many aircrafts or like for how many platforms you all have 
the tender for? 
S. Rangarajan: 
How is that relevant? 
Sahil Karia: 
And so we can get the size of the order book or like the size of the order that the company has 
for the Dornier 228 platform? 
S. Rangarajan: 
So we have quoted a price now, we don't want to disclose all that now on open forum, it's a 
tender which is still in-process. So we can't expect this. 
Sahil Karia: 
Okay. And sir, the next question is like since we are like spending our development -- 
development money on the radars, different types of radars and specifically on the airborne 
radars. So do we have any plans in entering GaN based radars? 
S. Rangarajan: 
All are GaN based. We've been doing GaN based from 2014. 
Sahil Karia: 
Sorry sir? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Not today, all expand radars which we have done is GaN-based and the first radars we delivered 
to ISRO in 2013-2014 for coastal surveillance radar which we designed was a GaN based, SSPA-

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
based system which we delivered in 2014 a full radar was designed and delivered by us. Then 
we won the contract for precision approach radar we won about INR380 crores. This is aligned 
radars for Navy and Army -- Navy and Air Force. That is also full KR module GaN based, which 
was -- we won the contract and all the deliveries have been completed last year.  
All lines radars have been installed, we are expecting one more order, the negotiation is over, 
the order should come probably next two, three weeks, all negotiation is completed. So that is 
also GaN based only. And we have some orders for transportable solution approach radar for 
Czech Republic and Hungary, that is also GaN based. We delivered the Dornier 228 contract 
airborne radar that is GaN based air module, AESA already delivered the delivery in 10 months 
for the date of contract, full airborne radar was delivered by us. 
We are now working on two other programs for helicopters and things like GaN based and then 
the new developments and prototype are GaN-based, everything is GaN based. And this we've 
been doing for last 10 years not today. 
Sahil Karia: 
Okay. So, sir, if like we have already developed the GaN based radars and we are into it. So are 
there any plans to enter the Uttam radar or the radar for this to cold platform the IS planning? 
S. Rangarajan: 
We want to do everywhere. We want to be only source everywhere. So where would you not 
want to do? We will definitely want to be there. It all depends on government whom they address 
and what they want to do, but we are ready. 
Sahil Karia: 
Okay. Thank you so much sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Susheel Aggarwal from NPCC. Please go 
ahead. 
Susheel Aggarwal: 
My point was actually recently HAL specifically they have been awarded a huge project for 
Dornier for other LCA, MK IA… 
S. Rangarajan: 
What is that Dornier?  
Susheel Aggarwal: 
Dornier, LCA helicopter and I know they have been awarded recently last 6 months, major 
project for around INR80,000 crores, INR90,000 crores. So are we expecting some awards from 
everyone is from those things? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Yes, we will be quoting wherever we are complement with requirement and so we need to see 
because some of the products already approved and we are the only supplier in the LCA platform 
and Dornier anyway the tender is new, tender is going on we don't know what's going to happen. 
On the helicopter side, we have some products which we already certified for and some contracts 
can happen.  
So it all depends how it's going to go and what government decides to do. We have some 
products, but I can't tell you exactly when the contract will happen, will it happen at all, I can't 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
tell you, but yes we are looking at those kind of requirements. It depends on HAL and 
government how they want to go ahead whether they want to import or they want to do the India, 
the decisions are been taken by them, but we have products for them. 
Susheel Aggarwal: 
Other thing is on this long -- this high-value projects that we have been talking since we have 
been telling that in 2 years, 3 years? 
S. Rangarajan: 
I'm not able to hear you clearly. There is some background noise. Can you repeat this question? 
Susheel Aggarwal: 
Means 5.1 high-value projects what we are talking that very big value project we are expecting 
when we can expect in 2025 or in 2026, when some timeline is there? 
S. Rangarajan: 
I can't give you clear predictions today. Their work, how it happens is you build the product and 
it has to go to certification, qualification when the contact has to happen. We expect that in the 
next 3 years, this all should happen, maybe earlier, but I can't exactly give you timelines. 
Susheel Aggarwal: 
And the last thing, I want is that if some order details are put in between also during because we 
are getting any update only in the last 3 months, only on 3 months, that becomes a long-time. 
There is a long dark period in between, so if you can get some updates in-between, it will help 
us? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Yes, see, we don't want to keep telling any order we don't announce. So that is why we normally 
announce only in-quarter end or the results, but if a big order happens, maybe we'll like announce 
it, we'll see. But this has happened that this is coming to the end last year, it is not like that. There 
has been a general delay in the contract this year. But those contracts were not lost, none of the 
contracts have lost. We believe that the orders will happen now. This is again some of the 
divisions have postponed these orders. But let's see what we can do, if we can announce it earlier 
let us see. 
Susheel Aggarwal: 
Yes, because similar type of orders, other competitor companies are announcing, it will help us. 
It will give investors more confidence because once you get orders then it gives more confidence 
to the investor. 
S. Rangarajan: 
I understand what you're saying. We didn't want to do every week announcement and all that, 
that's why we kept it away like this, so that we are not really unnecessarily doing this, but 
nevertheless, I appreciate what you're saying. We'll discuss internally in the Board and see what 
we need to do. 
Susheel Aggarwal: 
Okay. Thank you. Best of luck for your next H2. 
S. Rangarajan: 
Thank you, Susheel. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Anay Mittal from Nvest Analytics 
Advisory. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
Anay Mittal: 
Sir, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I just had one question. I really enjoyed the conversation that 
you spoke about where you were speaking about the end-to-end solution rather than a standalone 
product. So you actually elaborated a lot on that today. But if you can give us some idea as an 
investors in terms of what could be the target market for such product, number one. And number 
two in terms of value.  
And number two, do we have any other competitor who does that type of product, which you 
believe that you are in the process of making and you are close to what you said. So do we have 
like any visible competitor in India who can be -- who can win give some competition to us. If 
you can elaborate more on that, it would be a great? 
S. Rangarajan: 
See the target markets I am looking at is about INR5,000 crores, INR10,000 crores or above is 
what we want to build products for. We don't want to build products for small contract value. It 
is anyway we are doing with DRDO. These are all large contracts and we want to look at that 
and that is how we have taken money in building products. As regards competition is concerned, 
India is a large country always you have competitors.  
So what we are trying to do is being a bit ahead in terms of product technology and ahead 
engineering. So if you look at it, we are ahead of others, but it's all depends on how government 
deals. Finally, everything is a government division because it's DRDO division, it is user 
division, services division, Air Force, Navy, they all get together and decide whether they will 
say okay, product is good you go ahead or we'll wait 3 years, wait other people do also do, then 
we will see that also can happen.  
So that is the risk element here. We want to eliminate the risk element, very urgent needs and 
address the needs immediately. It's a product which is international quality. And immediately 
there is no competition available with the kind of timelines which we are aggressively put for 
ourselves. So we're trying to see whether that works. So we'll see, we'll push, we'll see it works. 
We are hoping it will work. They are very committed to what we're doing. It's a 24/7 
development work we're doing here.  
So we are really putting our heart and soul in it. So I hope we will be successful and pray that 
we'll be successful, but yes, we are doing what is best there. And these are all large orders. If it 
comes fully or it gets split into two people, three people, then the value of the contract comes 
down. We believe that it should, but it should give us some large business in the next 2 years, 
three years is what we're doing. And initially we should get some development contracts, which 
will recover our developing money also is what we're thinking. 
Anay Mittal: 
Okay. And sir, and also when you spoke about this, you also gave your strategy on first catering 
to Indian market and then the export market on those products opens up, is there a rule that we 
have to go that way or it is only that it acts as a proof-of-concept for us in India and hence it is 
successful and hence it acts as a sample for other countries as well, if they have to come up and 
order those solution. So are we not waiting at the expense of India to grow is my question, sir to 
be direct? 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
S. Rangarajan: 
I agree with you, maybe we should try it also parallely. We are a bit moving -- we want to do 
this because it all involves lot of right testing and other things and we're doing part of the product, 
part being done by government. So we need to collaborate with them before we go out. Some of 
the things we're doing on our own, we don't need government. There we can track the go ahead. 
The products are nearing completion. We need to start testing waters like you said. This is 
another discussion internally we are doing.  
So we were focused on doing India first. We are also like you people are also telling in the office 
that maybe we should do in parallel also, we are trying with the idea and let us see where it goes. 
The product has come out, maybe in exhibitions participate, all this we need to do to start why 
India first, why not outside. If India is there, it gives confidence to other users in the world that 
already is accepted in India, but that is not mandatory in some cases, like you are saying so we 
can also go abroad. We're not done that till now, but maybe we'll consider doing that also. 
Anay Mittal: 
So that's -- maybe you know it better than us, sir, but it's only a suggestion from investor point-
of-view that if you have room for growth? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Yes. I agree with you, we'll agree to do that. This discussion has happened in Board meeting 
even three days back. 
Anay Mittal: 
Great. That's it from my side. Thanks and have a wonderful 25 onwards. 
S. Rangarajan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Please go ahead. 
S. Rangarajan: 
Yes, thank you. So what I would like to say to the investor and analytics people is that this 
business is more year-end business as of now, doing lot of development contracts we've taken. 
We've tried to even out last few years. We'll try to do that more as we go along. My -- whatever 
we committed to the market, we stand by that. We still think in the next 6 months, we will deliver 
all the products as we planned. We have the orders in hand, some are expected orders still and 
we are ahead and product developments in those areas. These are -- this is point number one. 
Point number two, genuinely what we're trying to do is build a large company here, build 
infrastructure, build products and those products will have to be world-class. And those will give 
us substantial business hold to see that several -- at least a few years order book we should have 
on hand. Any large defense business has not 1.5 years or 2 years, but at least 3-plus years orders 
on hand before they know that year-on-year, they know what they're going to deliver.  
They're trying to achieve that by building products, getting the TAM and then see if the contracts 
will happen. I think we are doing the right thing. We are very convinced that we're doing the 
right thing, the direction is very clear. They are not trying to buy and sell and integrate to see 
that the order book comes at low L1 business everywhere and increase my size of business and 

 
 
 
Data Patterns (India ) Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
keep delivering it because I feel that with the size of business which is there, if we do IP in India 
and build and build big, it may take some time. 
But that is going to actually build solid organizations which can stand on it by itself and then 
scale and even grow outside India, we are trying to be there. We are probably trying very 
different from others, but I think we are steadfast in what we're trying to do and we don't want 
to -- one or two mistakes happen or delays happen, but that should not affect us in our long-term 
direction and growth.  
I think we are in the right track. We are very convinced that what we're doing is right and have 
built-up outstanding competency in-product engineering, which is every visitor who comes here, 
including some of the foreign who came last month, they were actually astonished with the 
engineering. So we believe we are on the right track. We're getting the right signals from even 
international bodies.  
So we will have to put our head down and build the organization. This is what we want to do 
and this is what the Board wants me to do. So we're on the right track. We believe we will do 
very well in the coming years. So thank you for the patience and thank you for listening to me. 
If you have any doubts, any questions, kindly forward it Go India and they will forward it, we'll 
get them answered for you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. On behalf of Go India Advisors. That concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
