 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SEC/0611/2024 
 
 
 
By E-filing 
 
     November 06, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
“Exchange Plaza”, 
C-1, Block G, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
 
Scrip Symbol : APARINDS 
 
 
Kind Attn.: Listing Department 
 
BSE Limited             
Corporate Relations Department,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,   
Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Scrip Code : 532259      
 
Kind Attn. : Corporate Relationship 
Department 
 
 
Sub. : Submission of Transcript of Earnings Conference Call made on Un-audited 
Financial Results (Standalone & Consolidated) of APAR Industries Limited  
(the Company) for Q2FY25.  
 
Ref.: Reg. 30 read with Para A (15) of Part A of Schedule III & all other applicable 
Regulations, if any, of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”),  
as amended from time to time 
________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Kindy refer to our letter no. SEC/3010/2024 dated October 30, 2024 w.r.t. submission of link of 
Audio Recording of post Earnings Conference Call made on Un-audited Financial Results 
(Standalone & Consolidated) of the Company for Q2FY25. 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30(6) of the Listing Regulations, we are submitting 
herewith transcript of the Earnings Conference Call made on the Un-audited Financial Results 
(Standalone & Consolidated) of the Company for Q2 and Six Months period ended September 30, 
2024 on October 30, 2024.  
 
The aforesaid transcript is also made available at the website of the Company at www.apar.com. 
 
Kindly take note of this. 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
For APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Harish Malsatter) 
Deputy Manager – Secretarial  
 
 
Encl. : As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
Corporate Office : APAR House, Corporate Park, V. N. Purav Marg, Chembur, Mumbai - 400 071, India 
+91 22 2526 3400/6780 0400 corporate@apar.com www.apar.com 
Regd. Office: 301/306, Panorama Complex, R. C. Dutt Road, Alkapuri, Vadodara - 390007, India 
+91 265 6178 700/6178 709 apar.baroda@apar.com www.apar.com CIN: L91110GJ1989PLC012802 
Harishkum
ar Shamji 
Malsatter
Digitally signed by Harishkumar 
Shamji Malsatter 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=8193, 
2.5.4.20=e53e878071d899901b79cc
428e2d162e64fa439a154c61da2579
5ae409200a00, postalCode=390007, 
st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=d3ab76fe749fc4eb8b
1153cdb29c1f0a53ca896fad0c8a6f6
1c857cd83bd0131, cn=Harishkumar 
Shamji Malsatter 
Date: 2024.11.06 18:25:06 +05'30'

Page 1 of 33 
 
 
 
 
“APAR Industries Limited 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
  
     
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KUSHAL DESAI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – APAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. CHAITANYA DESAI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
APAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. RAMESH IYER – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
APAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
MR. AMBESH TIWARI – S-ANCIAL TECHNOLOGIES 
 
 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 33 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to APAR Industries Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ambesh Tiwari from S-Ancial 
Technologies. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ambesh Tiwari 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. This is Ambesh from S-Ancial 
Technologies. I welcome you all to the Q2 FY '25 earnings call for APAR 
Industries. To discuss the business performance and outlook, we have from 
the management side, Mr. Kushal Desai, Chairman and Managing 
Director; Mr. Chaitanya Desai, Managing Director; and the CFO, Mr. 
Ramesh Iyer. 
 
I would now pass on the mic to Mr. Kushal Desai for the opening remarks. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Kushal Desai: 
Thank you, Ambesh. Good afternoon, everyone, and a warm welcome to 
the APAR Industries Q2 and H1 FY '25 earnings call. I'd like to begin by 
actually wishing everybody a Happy Diwali. I'd like to start by actually 
giving a brief overview on our performance. Then I can follow that up with 
a short industry update and then dive into more details based on each of 
the major 3 business segments that we have. Post that, we can open up the 
floor to questions. 
 
So looking at our Q2 FY '25 consolidated revenue that came in at 
INR4,645 crores, which is up 18.4% year-on-year compared to the same 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 33 
 
quarter previous year. And this has really resulted from a very strong 
growth on the domestic business front, which grew 61.1% compared to the 
same period last year. There has been a bit of a transition with the 
increased business coming from the domestic market versus export. Export 
has contributed 29.8% to the overall revenue versus 48.4% in Q2 FY '24. 
Now this can be attributed to lower revenues from the U.S. market in the 
quarter as well as various other factors which affected export logistics, 
etcetera, including the closure of the Red Sea shipping channel to a very 
large extent, a substantial increase in freight and also an increase in the 
delivery time given that with the Red Sea channel closed, shipments all 
going to Europe, West Africa and the United States, all have to go through 
around the Cape as opposed to through the Suez Canal. 
 
However, domestic business has remained quite strong with an increased 
order inflow across all our business verticals in this quarter. U.S. business 
compared to last year was down 38.9%. However, we see a sequential 
growth in the U.S. business. So when you look at Q2 FY '25 versus Q1 FY 
'25, our order intake has increased in the U.S. by 17.5%. And we believe 
that this trend will continue. And after a couple of quarters, you will start 
seeing the U.S. business again forming a meaningful portion of the total 
pie. 
 
On the EBITDA front, EBITDA is up 7.8% year-on-year to INR402 crores. 
The margin has come in at 8.7%. Profit after tax is INR194 crores, which is 
higher by 11.5% versus the previous year. And this has partly been aided 
by better finance costs. The profit after tax margin is at 4.2%. 
Now looking at figures for the first 6 months compared to the previous 
year same period. The first half consolidated revenue is at INR8,655 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 33 
 
crores, which is actually an all-time high H1 revenue. It's up 12.6% year-on-
year. Domestic revenue in the first 6 months is higher by 53.4% compared 
to last year, and exports constituted 33.2% versus 50.9% a year ago. 
 
EBITDA post Forex is at INR796 crores, which is up 7.2% and PAT came 
in at INR396 crores, which is up 6.8% for the first half.  
Coming to some of the key sort of highlights in the industry, the Ministry 
of Power has finalized the national electricity plan this month for both 
central and state transmission systems, and we have projected a massive 
investment of INR9.15 lakh crores. This plan aims to meet the growing 
energy demand, targeting a peak demand of 458 gigawatts -- basically 500 
gigawatts by 2032. To support this, the transmission network capacity will 
be expanded from 4.85 lakh circuit kilometers to 6.48 lakh circuit 
kilometers. And the transformation capacity will increase from 1.25 
gigavolt-amperes to about 2.34 gigavolt-amperes. Coming to just 
specifically transmission lines and substations, during H1 FY '25, a total of 
3,308 circuit kilometers of transformation lines were added. Overall, 
transmission line additions have fallen considerably short of the target, 
which is 8,516 kilometers. So it's actually lower by almost 60%. Central 
transmission utilities added 457 circuit kilometers of lines while state 
utilities made the highest contribution of 2,441 circuit kilometers, though 
it has fallen short of the plan of 6,221 circuit kilometers. 
 
However, there are several projects in the bidding and awarding stage for 
which the process will be completed in the next few months. If you look at 
the entire FY '25, the planned addition of transmission lines is expected to 
be at 16,667 circuit kilometers. However, just 3,308 circuit kilometers has 
been added in H1. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 33 
 
And as a consequence, the achievement of the annual target is just at about 
20%. Our expectation is that in the second half of the year, you will see a 
significant pickup in execution taking place. On the substation front, as 
against the plan addition of 42,230 megawatts of substation capacity, in 
the April-August period, the actual addition has been only 18,270 
megawatts. So that implies a target achievement of 43% of what the annual 
number is. 
 
On the renewable energy front, India has reached a significant milestone 
in its renewable energy journey. The country's total renewable energy 
capacity has crossed 200 gigawatts as of October this year. According to 
the CEA, the total renewable energy-based electricity generation capacity 
now stands at 201.5 gigawatts. The total nonfossil fuel-based power now 
accounts for almost half of the country's installed electric generation 
capacity, signaling a strong move towards clean energy leadership on the 
global stage. 
 
Coming to the individual performances of our businesses, I'll start with the 
conductor business, which is our largest business vertical. So in Q2 FY 
'25, our revenues grew 18.3% year-on-year largely due to higher 
realizations. Volume has been relatively flat compared to the previous year. 
And this can be attributed to lower export volumes and as well as upscaling 
as we move from ACSR to AL-59. And so we've moved up in terms of 
value. Some of these conductors are a little bit lighter in weight -- given 
that they are alloy conductors and they don't have even a steel element in 
them. Exports contributed about 18.7% to the overall revenue as opposed 
to 48.3% for the conductor division. The export mix was affected to some 
extent, even by Chinese competition and slow offtake as there have been 
delays of materials, especially in some of the overseas projects, given that 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 33 
 
customers were moved to procuring products on an FOB basis. So with 
the increase in the freight and the -- and decrease in the availability of 
containers, this has had some impact. Given the strong domestic business, 
we've been able to divert capacities towards the domestic side and still 
maintain a relatively good set of numbers. Our premium product mix 
contribution continues at 42.2% in the second quarter. EBITDA post Forex 
period came in at INR37,702 per metric ton as opposed to 39,000 per 
metric ton in the same period last year. Our pending order book remains 
healthy at INR6,615 crores. The new order inflow in the quarter came in at 
INR2,234 crores.  
Looking at a 6 months working, the revenue growth has been 13.9%. 
Volume is up 3.1% versus last year. Volume growth is lower again -- as I 
mentioned earlier, because of the export volumes that have reduced and 
the export mix for the first half for conductors is at 23.6% versus 50.2%. 
Our premium product mix stood at about 40%.  
In our oil business vertical, the revenue from our operations grew 12.1% in 
Q2 FY '25. That's driven by an 11% growth in volume. Transformer oil 
volumes grew by 25% in the quarter. Both domestic and global sales of 
transformer oil, both contributing towards this increase almost equally. Our 
automotive oils posted a fairly strong volume growth of 21%, backed by 
growth in our OEM business. The retail business has remained relatively 
flat. In terms of our industrial lubricant side, we grew by about 8% year-on-
year. The export mix remains healthy for the oil business at 44.7% versus 
47.4% in the previous period. EBITDA post Forex grew by 34.1%, 
converting this into an EBITDA per KL, it stands at INR5,473 per KL 
compared to INR4,532 in the last year.  

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 33 
 
Looking at the first half, the revenues are up 9.1% in the oil division to 
reach INR2,605 crores. The volume increase is 8.5%. Transformer oil 
volumes has grown by 21%. The export volumes contributed to 44.9% of 
revenue. EBITDA has grown by 27.1% over last year and now stands at 
INR6,178 per KL versus INR5,275 per KL. 
 
Coming to our cable business, the revenues in Q2 FY '25 has grown by 
39% to reach INR1,227 crores on the back of fairly strong domestic 
demand. Our domestic revenues are up 77.8%. And due to this stronger 
domestic revenue, it has offset the impact of lower exports, again, 
especially the exports to both the U.S. and the European markets. So export 
mix for our cable division was 29% in Q2 FY '25 as against 45% in Q2 FY 
'24. EBITDA post Forex grew in the quarter to -- grew by 21.2% to reach 
INR119 crores. EBITDA percentage margin came in at 9.7% in the quarter. 
Partly, this was due to increased competition and a higher mix of domestic 
business versus exports, where traditionally the exports have been more 
profitable. The pending order book remains at approximately INR1,738 
crores.  
Looking at the first half, revenue is up 22.7%, and the domestic business 
in the first half is up 67.4%. Export mix stands at 30.9% as against 49.4% 
for a year ago. 
The global supply chain continues to throw challenges with higher freight 
rates and a shortage of containers in several freight lanes. There is 
substantially increased competition from China. Except for the United 
States, we pretty much see Chinese competition being -- having become 
stronger than what they were in the year ago period. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 33 
 
 
Having said that, the export outlook continues to remain positive. And we 
see a steady increase in inquiries coming to us. As I mentioned earlier, 
there is also a sequential growth that we have seen between Q1 and Q2 of 
shipments to the U.S. On a global scale, the energy transition, especially 
in the renewable space, there remains a strong prospect and we are well 
positioned to take advantage as that unfolds. 
 
I would also like to mention that we have a very detailed corporate 
presentation in our Investors section of the website. And that includes the 
full presentation made on our Investor Day. It is very comprehensive, and 
I would encourage you to please go through that to get a better perspective 
of the company. It's various activities as well as the strategy that we are 
following as you would like to participate in this massive energy transition 
that's happening. 
 
So with this, I'd like to come to the end of my comments. I would once 
again like to take this opportunity to wish you all a happy Diwali. And we 
can now move on to the Q&A session, please. 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. 
Mohit Kumar 
My first question is, sir, how difficult it is to manufacture the HVDC cables? 
And is there a plant to produce the same in our factories? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, Mohit, the HVDC cables are not very much more complex 
manufacturers compared to the regular 755 KV -- sorry, I meant is, 
conductors -- so there's not a major difference in the format of the 
conductors which are there for HVDC. And we have already supplied 
conductors previously in this HVDC space. Where the big transition takes 
place is in the transformer oil side, where moment you move from AC to 
DC, there is a significantly higher amount of pressure on the oxidation 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 33 
 
stability and the insulating characteristics of the oil. And that's where I think 
APAR really stands out compared to competition not only in India, but even 
at a global space. 
Mohit Kumar 
My question is primarily from the fact that India is looking to set up so many 
HVDC lines, right? It looks like there will be a huge opportunity. So can 
we participate in that opportunity? That's fair... 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes, absolutely, for both conductors as well as for transformer oil. 
Mohit Kumar 
Understood, sir. My second question on the volume growth in conductor 
business that has been, I think, on the lower side. Is it fair to say that -- is it 
fair to say that we are still maintaining the guidance of 8% to 10% growth 
in the medium term? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes. So what has happened in the first half of the year, Mohit is that, one 
is that export volume has come down. So to that extent the volume growth 
has been less. And secondly, also what is happening is that even in the 
domestic business, there is a shift to a much more superior and premium 
products as compared to last year. And these products have a lower metric 
ton to kilometer ratio. 
So that's the reason we are seeing lower volume growth. However, we 
expect that volume growth to pick up in the second half of the year as we 
see inquiries from the U.S. exports market is increasing. But I guess, for 
the full year, we may be short of the 10 percentage guidance that we have 
given earlier because the first half has been lower. However, we plan to 
make it up for it in the second half of the year. 
Kushal Desai:  
This transition which we've been explaining about of shifting from ACSR 
to AL-59. So that -- we still classify AL-59 under conventional conductors, 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 33 
 
but it's right at the upper end. So ACSR is at the lower end of the spectrum 
and AL-59 is at the upper end of that spectrum. The tonnage as Ramesh 
has said, is different when you move -- when you transition from one to the 
other. So you will see that the value has increased considerably more than 
the tonnage as this transition is taking place. 
Mohit Kumar 
Understood. My last question on the reconductoring opportunity. What has 
happened in the first half? Can you just throw some light on how do you 
see the entire year in terms of the reconductoring opportunity? Of course, 
we read all kinds of literatures. In fact, the CEA transmission plan talks 
about the reconductoring. So that's the background, yes. 
Chaitanya Desai: 
So in this first half, we had a slight slowdown with the elections. So a lot of 
tendering and all got postponed out. But now in the second half, we see 
this activity build up again. But, again, in terms of the deliveries and the 
execution on the ground, those things generally in the first half are lower 
compared to the second half considering the monsoon comes in the first 
half of the year. So this is a trend which we see every year actually. So 
these 2 factors, I just sort of talk to you about -- mentioned to you. 
Mohit Kumar 
Sir, my question is primarily on the tendering opportunity. Are you seeing 
a lot of tenders which are floating around for reconductoring? 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes. There's a lot of that in the pipeline, as I mentioned in my opening 
remarks also, there is quite a lot which is sitting in tenders that have been 
prepared. In some cases the tenders have been opened but not awarded. 
So through that entire cycle, there is quite a lot of activity. 
And companies like APAR are also proactively working with the CEA and 
the ministry, etcetera, to look at setting up a national reconductoring policy 
because the key thing that comes with reconductoring versus setting up 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 33 
 
new lines is, the right-of-way is very simple because in a reconductoring, 
the right-of-way already exists. And it's just the decisions to be taken by the 
utility as opposed to going out and getting an external clearance. 
 
Second thing is you can still use the same tower infrastructure, in same 
cases the tower infrastructure is a bit old. You spend a fraction of the money 
to strengthen it relative to building a new tower. 
And the third thing is a gestation period of a reconductoring project is 
significantly shorter than on a greenfield. So in a resource-constrained 
country like India, we have a constraint on land resource. We also have a 
constraint on the amount of CapEx that can be spent because ultimately, 
the cost of your capital gets captured for what we will charge in terms of 
leasing charges at the end of the day. 
And no matter how competitive you build, a greenfield project will always 
be more expensive compared to a brownfield, which is a reconductoring 
project. So I think this whole reconductoring thing over the next several 
years, not only in India, but around the world, is going to be a very major 
factor. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nitin Arora from Axis Mutual Fund. 
Nitin Arora: 
Just first thing on this commentary, which you also stated last quarter about 
international Chinese competition -- Chinese competition coming in the 
international markets barring U.S. How you are assessing -- I'm assuming 
you're talking about more of Australia and other countries, which is bigger 
for you after U.S., you can correct me on that. 
But generally then in that scenario, is it something we are also getting 
aggressive in terms of lowering the prices? Is that what you're trying to 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 33 
 
do? Or is this something where you feel a little push to be realization part 
as well? So just first take -- first question is on that, if you can talk about. 
Kushal Desai: 
So Nitin, as a company for the last many, many years, we have positioned 
ourselves that what is the best netback that we get on execution. And what 
has been happening is that the 2 markets where the Chinese are not able 
to participate so easily is the United States and India.  
And if you go around Europe, Australia, certain parts of Africa and many 
countries in Latin America, they have equal access, if not better access than 
an Indian company, given more favorable FTAs in some cases. And the 
Chinese have been very aggressive. In many cases, it looks like the pricing 
is even below cost. 
 
I guess it's not just in our product lines, but it's there across the board. But 
having said that, I think the business -- the domestic side of the business 
remains very strong. And especially with some of the fundamental changes 
that have happened or moving from the ACSR to AL-59, reconductoring 
projects coming up, et cetera. 
So these are things which really go in favor of quality companies that 
actually are involved in basically this improvement of the whole 
augmentation and the whole system as such. I don't think we will drop 
prices to just meet Chinese competition just for the sake of volume because 
we have better options available. 
 
As far as the U.S. market is concerned, as I said, we've seen a 17.5% 
improvement sequentially. We are seeing a stronger uptick on the cable 
side than the conductor side. On the cable side, I think we will see every 
quarter an improvement taking place in the order book and the order flow. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 33 
 
On the transmission side in the U.S., one thing to keep in mind is that it 
takes over 10 years to get approval. There are a lot of -- there are many, 
many gigawatts of power, which are actually just waiting for transmission 
evacuation. So it's a question of moment the approval comes in, then 
suddenly you will see this whole supply thing coming up. And given that 
it's been delayed to a significant extent, it's quite logical to expect a big 
surge to happen moment approvals for a particular line come through. 
 
So I think we are very active. We are very much in touch with customers, 
keeping a track of what's happening in the U.S. market. But otherwise, in 
the meantime, for the next few quarters, we see the domestic market being 
very strong. 
Nitin Arora 
And what's your take on the realization, sir, because still it's holding up 
well. And I'm assuming the end market is firing, for example, domestic. I 
had a separate question, but exports is also something which is, as you 
said, U.S. has also grown sequentially. So any risk, any thought process 
now… 
Kushal Desai: 
The improvement in realization is fundamentally coming from the change 
in the format of the product on the conductor side. On the cable front, the 
domestic market is certainly not getting us the profitability that we get from 
some of the more premium markets like the U.S. market. And that's why 
you see the -- as the domestic sale has substantially gone up, you see the 
EBITDA percentage having fallen to some extent. But I think we'll try to 
balance. You'll see higher growth percentages overall coming in India. But 
our U.S. business also will start growing up. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 33 
 
 
The company is also adding more infrastructure in the U.S. by working with 
more distributors, bringing in some full-time sales people in the U.S. 
market, et cetera. 
Nitin Arora 
And sir, just last, outlook on the domestic, where you said articulating the 
growth part is pretty strong. And this growth looks optically very high. 
When you just strip out some export part on a percentage basis and just 
we calculate on the domestic side, it's like a very, very high growth. You 
still think it's going to sustain for the next few quarters, this kind of a 
growth? 
Kushal Desai: 
I would not focus on just the percentage of growth because the base for 
the domestic market was lower. But you will see our -- especially our -- both 
our conductor and cable business, domestic percentages remaining at 
reasonably good level simply, because, as I said, when you move from 
ACSR to AL-59, there's quite a technology leap that one has to take, and 
that has reduced the number of fringe players. 
 
On the cable side, we've been following a fairly strong verticalization 
strategy. So we are quite strong on the solar. We are strong on the wind. 
We've also been working on data centers and have a full suite of cables 
that go into data centers. So I would see that the domestic market will also 
remain fairly strong. There may be a reasonably high polarization where 
most of our revenue comes from India and the U.S. And some of the 
markets like Australia and Europe, which will continue to be serviced, but 
the level of business there may be relatively a bit lower. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Amit Anwani from PL Capital. 
Amit Anwani: 
Sir, in continuation to exports, you did highlighted a couple of things that, 
especially U.S., the cables business will grow sequentially. And at places, 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 33 
 
you highlighted that the Chinese competition is heating up. So can we 
expect that this will be prolonged in ex-U.S. geographies, the Chinese 
competition? And how are we thanking to deal with this Chinese 
competition? Or are we going to diversify with products? Or any thoughts 
on geographies? Anything you would like to add? 
Kushal Desai: 
So if you see -- okay, let me answer first your immediate question and then 
give a slightly broader answer. So in terms of what do you see whether -- 
what do we see, whether Chinese competition will continue? We are 
working on a default case that it will continue. It's very difficult to predict 
what they will do, how long they will do it. 
So given the fact that the Chinese competition is going to be severe outside 
of India and the U.S. If you see the portfolio of products that we've created 
across all the 3 businesses, we have a more diverse portfolio. You will not 
find a single conductor company in the world which does the sort of suite 
of products that we have. 
 
So we've added, for example, copper transposed conductors -- that's been 
growing at a very rapid pace, over 50% growth year-on-year because 
transformer demand is increasing as well as above a certain size, CEA has 
mandated that you have to use a copper transposed conductor. It reduces 
the losses essentially in a transformer and it improves the consistency of 
the quality of the winding which is at the core of the transformer. 
So we have also added busbar. Busbar is another segment which has been 
growing. It's used extensively in high-rise buildings. It's being used in data 
centers, in all of these places where you have an input of power going in 
and a split of several locations where the power needs to be split and 
delivered. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 33 
 
 
So the way we are insulating the company and positioning it is not only 
looking at geographic growth, but also the product mix that we have. And 
then within that product mix, pushing to produce the best quality and 
specification of products that exist. So that's the strategy which we've been 
following. 
And I guess we'll continue to follow that to sort of counter some of the 
competition coming in from China. By the way, the Chinese competition is 
not something that just came up in the last quarter. It's -- for the last 3, 4 
quarters, it's been quite severe, and we've, managed to continue to 
perform. 
Amit Anwani: 
Right. Sir, second question on -- then will it be a fair assumption that this 
year, maybe export domestic will be kind of 30-70. And you can give it a 
thought. And second, on cables, you said that domestic cables business 
was pretty strong, but margin came lower because there is a difference -- 
obvious difference between export and domestic. So just wanted to 
understand the differential margin, any sense would like to give for cables 
and conductors, export and domestic side? Yes. 
Kushal Desai: 
So the volume of 70-30, I think the export, especially on the -- see, the oil 
side has been reasonably steady. The cable side has already bottomed out 
because going forward, we will see a healthier demand coming in from 
the export market, especially the U.S. 
Ramesh Iyer:  
As we see sequential growth happening on a quarter-on-quarter basis, so 
we'll have to see how the second half of the year pans out. Also depends 
on how much order we get and how much we are able to execute. Based 
on that, the export to domestic ratio will pan out for the second half of the 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 33 
 
year. But optically, it is looking better as compared to the first half of the 
year. 
Kushal Desai:  
And in terms of your question on margins, the domestic cable side, mind 
you, the typical wires and cable company have a building wire or a house 
wire business which is a branded distribution-oriented business. And then 
you have a cables business. 
So typically, the cables business, given the competition, given the 
performance levels, et cetera, has been lower than what would be in some 
of the overseas markets. But having said that, we also have a number of 
premium products in cables in the domestic market. And you will see some 
of that volume growing. Like for example, wind capacity has started picking 
up, and that's where APAR has a fairly strong position. 
 
Also, we see defense execution picking up in -- as we end FY '25 and get 
into FY '26 given the number of projects that have been announced and 
the positions that we have relative to some of the equipment that's coming 
on. So we'll continue to have this focus on the domestic market. But the 
export business will start at least on the cable side, showing quarter-on-
quarter growth. 
Amit Anwani: 
Right. Lastly, sir, you said the domestic has been very, very strong as we 
can see in H1. Well -- and you also highlighted that at a pan-India level, we 
are still just 20%, 25% execution which has happened on circuit kilometer 
substations. So does that sense that the growth in H2 will be even stronger 
in domestic market versus H1? Or this is the pace where we'll be heading 
in the Q3, Q4... 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 33 
 
Kushal Desai: 
The percentage would be a similar sort of percentage because the base in 
FY '24 was lower. But then as you move into FY '26, etcetera, you will have 
a much higher base, so the percentage will fall off.  
Ramesh Iyer: 
And also, we look at more profitability -- so we'll have to see how the export 
market pans out in the second half of the year. And wherever the more 
returns are there, that's where we'll focus our volumes. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Naman Parmar from Niveshaay 
Investments. 
Naman Parmar: 
Yes. So firstly, I wanted to understand any new product on the pipeline on 
the transformer oil or oil division like data center air cooling, like that? 
Kushal Desai: 
So we have developed a bunch of products and tested it in the labs and 
within our facilities for data center cooling, but we haven't yet been able 
to get a site to be able to do field trial and field testing. And it's not just 
the oil, but it's the full system. That means there are many levels which 
require to be aligned in order to do that. However, on the transformer oil 
side, we have developed and launched a synthetic transformer oil. 
 
And so that's a very high-performance transformer oil, better 
biodegradability, a very high flash point without sacrificing the cooling 
characteristics and the insulation characteristics of the oil as well as the life 
of the oil. It's significantly more expensive. It's almost 3.5 to 4x the price 
of a mineral oil. But it will find its way into special needs and special 
applications. 
Naman Parmar: 
So it will find its application majorly in renewable or in both the 
transformers? 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 33 
 
Kushal Desai: 
In renewables, the Indian railways are looking at it as they build -- they use 
traction transformers which requires higher insulation characteristics as 
well as a higher operating temperature. Plus in renewables, it will find its 
way into offshore either wind or solar on water, where in case there is a 
spillage, you need better biodegradability. So we've developed the 
product. We've got it approved at a few places and have started now 
commercially bidding on business. 
Naman Parmar: 
Okay. And secondly, on the margin side, you have correctly said that the 
export has been decreasing over domestic in all the segments, so it has 
impacted your margin. But also on the raw material side, if you see 
aluminum, copper and all that prices may have increased in the quarter 2, 
so which has also impacted your margin. So what do you expect in the 
coming quarters, it will be sustainably -- you will be able to stabilize the 
margin? Or how much your contract used to have a price escalation 
clause? 
Ramesh Iyer 
Aluminum and copper does not affect us much in the cable business 
because we run a 100% hedge book. We do MTO. So the moment we get 
an order, we do a back-to-back hedging. So to the extent of aluminum and 
copper prices going up and down, we have a hedged position. So that 
does not affect materially our P&L. The margins are down, yes. But as 
explained, export volumes are down. And exports have higher margins 
than the domestic margins. So as domestic mix is higher in the first half of 
the year, so we saw EBITDA margin shrinking a bit. 
 
But as you see export volume again increasing sequentially and hopefully, 
in the second half of the year, the export volumes will be better than the 
first half, we can see margins going up again to what it used to be earlier. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 33 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ankur from Future Investments Private 
Limited. 
Ankur: 
My first question is, what is the total global conductoring and 
reconductoring market opportunities here annually? And what is APAR's 
market share in this total opportunity size? And do you see this opportunity 
size changing when we consider the net zero scenario? That's my question. 
Kushal Desai: 
So on the reconductoring side, essentially in the world, every non-HTLS 
and high-performance conductor is something that is potential to get 
changed and reconductored. And different countries depending on how 
aggressive they are with wanting to deal with change and less conservative, 
ready to take a calculated position in terms of moving forward with 
technology, and you will see the pace vary. 
And honestly, India has been doing extremely well. If you see even right 
from right-of-way, the Modi government has done an incredible job of 
coordinating with the states right down to the taluka level for right-of-way 
and for working through all these things. 
 
That's why our transmission line right-of-ways are in the 3, 4 years maximum 
versus the U.S., which is 10-plus. Europe is even beyond that. 
 
So we see the reconductoring as a philosophy is something that every old 
conductor will get reconductored because right-of-way is a problem not 
only in India, but in most parts of the world. And the world is continuing 
to see increased urbanization. So it's not that there is a huge flight of 
population out of urban clusters into rural areas. 
And with electric cars and electric infrastructure, including trains and other 
things picking up, appliances, the demand for electricity is going to 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 33 
 
continue to grow. So that is what will drive this whole reconductoring. If 
countries like India come up with a national reconductoring policy, it will 
facilitate a significantly faster transition taking place. So I hope that answers 
your question, Ankur. 
Ankur: 
Yes. I just wanted to understand what we will be the total annual opportunity 
size will be? And what will be APAR's market share in this? 
Kushal Desai: 
It's difficult to put a number on the total annual opportunity because usually 
a utility weighs various factors, including the amount of resources they have 
available to be able to actually spend on this reconductoring. We've seen 
most of the utilities that have actually implemented it, has benefited 
immensely from the reconductoring because you got more power than we 
can transmit and the incremental cost of revenue versus incremental cost 
of Capex is also in their favor. 
Ankur: 
Actually, I was more -- like understand -- I want to understand the total 
opportunity in terms of conductoring and reconductoring. 
Kushal Desai: 
I don't think anybody can guess that because the total opportunity, you can 
add up all the transmission lines that are there in the world, and they end 
up -- that is the opportunity as well. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
There is no source of information for that. There's no organized source that 
gives this information in terms of total reconductoring, how much it is there. 
Ankur: 
Okay. Got it. My second question was on the -- there were paper which 
was released by the U.S. Department of Energy on the national transmission 
planning study, and they recommend actually large-scale transmission 
lines, both intra- and inter-regional in the U.S. Do you see this reflecting on 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 33 
 
round in the conversations with large utilities in U.S. or in other parts of 
the world as well ? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
It will pan out over a period of time. But as was mentioned, in the U.S. and 
certain countries like in Europe, it takes a little longer to get all the 
approvals. So there are certain delays before the projects actually get 
implemented. 
Kushal Desai:  
So the cycle time there, as I mentioned, is over 10 years in the U.S. In 
Europe, it's even longer than that. So there are several lines where the 
permitting and approval process is going on. The moment the approvals 
fall in place, you will immediately have the RFQs and quotes coming up 
and the line execution taking place. 
But it's a question of -- it's a long process, 10 years is not a short period. 
So difficult to predict exactly when that approval will come in place. But 
our expectation is that over the next few quarters, you'll start seeing an 
increase happening of this. There's a lot of renewable energy that needs 
to be transmitted today, it runs in tens of gigawatts. It's not a small amount 
in the U.S. So there is a lot of pressure that these developers are also 
putting on getting these clearance. 
Ankur: 
As you said, they're taking 10 years -- It will take 10 years to get approvals 
for a transmission line. So are they considering these high-performance 
conductors like the premium conductors that we have? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
In the U.S., there is a certain portion of the market, which is currently on a 
high-efficiency type conductors, that is there. And those are going actually 
on new lines. So there is a lot of discussion going on with the authorities 
there that why not utilize the current lines to do a reconductoring. But 
generally, in the transmission segment, the engineers are more 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 33 
 
conservative. So they take a little longer to adapt to new technologies or 
new way of working. So in the U.S., a little more time may go in actually 
converting the market to reconductoring. 
 
In India, we may see a little faster movement like we have been seeing 
because of the urbanizationorganization and also because of the 
renewable energy, which is happening at a very fast pace. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Bobby Jay from Falcon. 
Bobby Jay: 
First of all, congratulations on your excellent execution over the past 2 years 
and what was essentially a cyclical company has shown structural kind of 
growth. But at some point, the cycle will turn. So where do you think India 
is in terms of its infrastructure upgrade, the power transmission 
infrastructure upgrade? Are we 20% done, 30%, 50%? Any thoughts on 
this? 
Kushal Desai: 
So actually, there is -- as we've been talking through the call, there are 2 
areas where fundamentally, you see the infrastructure going. There's one 
where the addition of new infrastructure to evacuate -- we have a 500 
gigawatt plan. India is -- has just crossed 200 gigawatts of renewable 
energy. There's a lot of renewable energy that's being executed right now, 
et cetera, all of it needs evacuation. 
And there is a whole lot of debottlenecking that is going to happen, leading 
to urban centers of reconductoring. So we don't see this being cyclical 
actually. The cycle is going to be a decadal cycle. It's not going to run in 
quarters and a couple of years. It's a really huge transition that's 
happening. And this will only continue for a long period of time. And in 
fact -- in India being actually better than most of the countries. I think after 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 24 of 33 
 
China, India is the second fastest in approvals and erecting transmission 
lines in the world. 
Bobby Jay: 
Right. So in terms of conductors, who is your closest competitor? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
In India, it's Sterlite Power. 
Bobby Jay: 
Right. And how close are they? I mean, in terms of your product range, 
quality and technology, are they very close or they're quite distant? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
I think they are privately owned, so they don't declare their figures, but 
from our general information, they are roughly half our size of volume. 
And they are not having the full range of the products that we make, 
especially on the copper side. 
Bobby Jay: 
Right. So when you talk about all these projects you're bidding for, right, 
reconductoring and all the others, you must be bidding against several 
others. Are they foreign multinationals? Or what kind of companies are 
they come up against? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
No. In India, we don't see the multinational companies here. It's mostly the 
domestic players. 
Bobby Jay: 
Well, in that case, is that a clear field if you're saying that you're far ahead 
of the second biggest? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
In India, most of the business goes on a L1 basis. So price is an important 
criteria in the decision-making of the utility. So in that sense, although we 
have higher economies of scale, not necessarily we get any pricing power 
over the competition. 
Bobby Jay: 
I understand. And do you see any change... 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 25 of 33 
 
Kushal Desai: 
Capability is higher than -- if you look at the amount of projects that we've 
done in reconductoring as well as supply of AL-59, any of these new 
formats, we actually have experience and background, which is far higher 
than others, even including Sterlite. So I think in that sense, we are well 
positioned. 
But as Chaitanya has mentioned, finally, it goes through a bidding process, 
there's a technical bid. Once you clear the technical, then it's based on 
whoever is the lowest price. But you keep in mind that you can't have 
infinite capacity to execute these projects because it requires specialized 
manpower, it requires specialized equipment. And we do have the largest 
capacity to not only produce the conductors, but to also execute the 
reconductoring. So I think in that sense, from a competitive standpoint, we 
do have a good position. 
Bobby Jay: 
Understood. And do you see any chance of the Chinese coming in? Are 
they not cost competitive or they're simply not allowed? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
So even in the past when they were allowed, the Chinese are not so 
competitive in India. There are certain custom duties and import barriers. 
But even currently, the situation is not allowing for foreign companies to 
bid for the Indian projects. There is a Make in India program, it's allowing 
only the Indian players to bid for it. 
Kushal Desai: 
So you can have a Chinese company that produces in India that can bid 
on that, but there is no significant cable or conductor producer from China 
who's located here. On the contrary in transformers, you do have TBEA 
and TBEA actually is running full today on the transformer capacity. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sagar Dhawan from Valuequest. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 26 of 33 
 
Sagar Dhawan: 
Just a question on the domestic cable side. I wanted to get more color on 
the domestic growth that we're seeing in the cables business. So we had 
high market share in -- I think in wind and solar cables, we're traditionally 
been strong there. So how to understand this growth? Is it that the market 
for these products has grown? Or are we gaining more headway into 
newer products within cables ex of solar and wind? 
Kushal Desai: 
So there are certain verticals which are growing faster than others. So the 
ones for -- that are growing -- that have shown relatively good growth is 
solar, solar cables. Wind is actually going to now start showing signs of 
higher growth from the second half of the year onwards. Given the number 
of projects that have been awarded and the increased capacity that's 
coming in from the various wind companies. 
The Indian railways has been continuing to grow. And we've been focusing 
on some segments like data centers and other areas where there is inherent 
growth taking place given the current data center boom, that's happening 
-- largely being driven from the fact that Indian data has to be maintained 
on Indian shores. 
 
So what we've done as APAR is we've taken the sunrise sectors and 
ensured that we have the right products, in fact, the best quality and the 
highest performance products to meet the growing environment. So we 
see the solar side growing, the wind side going, railway is growing, data 
center cables growing, all of these, we will see multiyear growth because 
a lot of capacity is being added in these areas. 
Sagar Dhawan: 
Got it. And what is the quarterly run rate on the LDC, B2C cable side on 
the revenues? 
Kushal Desai: 
Sorry, we couldn't... 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 27 of 33 
 
Sagar Dhawan: 
Yes, sure. So I'm trying to understand the current revenue run rate on the 
B2C cables for us. 
Kushal Desai: 
Okay, the B2C side. . 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes. So B2C cable last year, we did a total turnover of about INR275 crores. 
And it's growing strongly this year as well. In the first half of the year also, 
we saw good growth of upwards of 35 to 40 percentage growth this year. 
And the momentum looks very strong for this year as well for us. 
Sagar Dhawan: 
Sure. And 1 last question from my side. I think in the footnotes, you 
announced the possibility of entering into energy storage business. So if 
you could just shed some light into what would be our scope there and 
what are the products you're looking to add? Yes. 
Kushal Desai: 
Well, actually, we just amended the articles to allow us to look at that as a 
future line of business. So it's something that at a very early stage for us. 
We're just trying to explore. So one fine day, you will see that as the solar 
and wind capacity grows, storage is becoming a very important aspect. 
So not only will you have that with the solar farms and wind farms, but also 
rooftop generation and various other forms that are used by industries and 
other commercial establishments, they will also start looking at having to 
store energy. So normally, this renewable energy, particularly solar is 
generated at a time when the tariff is the lowest. So when India comes in 
also with tariffs depending on the demand, then you start having these 
technologies starting -- storage technology starting to play a very big role. 
 
So it's something that we are just at a very early stage. We are obviously 
looking at different options and opportunities. So that's where that the 
board note came from. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 28 of 33 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Shaun Tan from Abrdn. 
Shaun Tan: 
I have 2 questions, please. First question is on capacity expansion plans. I 
was wondering if APAR would still be continuing your announced CapEx 
capacity expansion given the seemingly weaker-than-expected volume? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes, the capacity expansion happens. It's a continuous process for us. And 
as we see volume growth happening in all the 3 divisions, we increase the 
capacity. In fact, we work a year behind to see that we have enough 
capacity as and when the demand comes. 
Kushal Desai: 
But here, Shaun, I think your comment was that whether they're going 
ahead with capacity expansion, given that the conductor business volume 
year-on-year was -- quarter-on-quarter was a bit flattish. But keep in mind 
what we've said earlier in this earnings call. And as you move up from 
ACSR to AL-59 and these sort of products, the tonnage reduces and the 
value goes up. So we are going ahead with all our capacity expansion 
plans. 
 
There is no change in that at all. And we are quite optimistic that as that 
capacity comes on, it will be in line with what we expect as increased 
demand. 
Shaun Tan: 
Okay. My second question is on conductor EBITDA per tonne realization 
of margin. I was wondering if you could talk about how we think about the 
trend of that going forward given the lower exports and higher 
premiumization that we are seeing and the competition from local players 
like Diamond? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes. So this conducted EBITDA is dependent on the domestic export 
volume as well also. Within domestic, we have the premium conductors, 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 29 of 33 
 
we have the conventional conductors and now with more AL-59, we have 
a higher end of the conventional conductors also. So given that our 
premium conductors in this quarter has been over 40 percentage to about 
42 percentage. And selling up more superior and premium products is 
helping us to retain the margins of about INR37,000 to INR38,000 per 
tonne. 
 
However, we also see competition is also very aggressive in overseas and 
exports volume is dropping. So we continue to keep a guidance of 
INR28,500 as we have been doing that earlier. However, we see tailwinds 
coming in, in few markets and in few products, which have higher margins, 
and we are able to have an edge over competition. To that extent, the 
margins are higher, but we continue with our guidance of INR28,500 for 
the future as well. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from BugleRock PMS. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Yes. I had a question on this. We made a comment in our Analyst Day -- 
Investor Day, that CTC is almost 25% of the value of transformer. So is this 
segment much larger than transformer oil? Is 4 to 5x? And how is the 
profitability of this business? And in U.S. also, where we are seeing a lot 
of shortages for the transformers, do you think this can be a large segment 
for exports? And how competitive is the market for the CTC or copper 
transposed conductors for transformer? 
Kushal Desai: 
So in any transformer, the ratio is something that holds good, where it is 
5x the value that's used in our transformer because the entire core is made 
out of this copper. The demand for that has remained quite strong. There 
are 2 types. There is CTC and there's PICC. PICC is a paper insulated 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 30 of 33 
 
conductor. And CTC is a pure copper that is processed differently and it 
has the inherent advantage of faster winding as well as lower losses. 
 
So -- however, the Capex involved in building a CTC plant is quite high. 
So it's not something that anyone and everyone can throw in of a large 
capacity. So APAR has been steadily increasing its CTC capacity. 
From the original volume that we had, we've already doubled it. And we 
are going in for doubling it one more time with that capacity coming on 
stream in January. So our expectation is that it will all get sold out. However, 
you need a large infrastructure to build it, not only cost-wise, but even in 
terms of space, building, etcetera, etcetera. And it's very customized. 
 
So each transformer manufacturer gives you a very customized design to 
wind and make. So -- yes, the U.S. and export markets are in place. We 
are looking first at export markets which are more geographically closer to 
us, like the Middle East, etcetera. And in the U.S. market for us to actually 
penetrate this, we first need to get closer to the customer and have a sales 
force on the ground to get after it. 
We've been short of capacity at the moment. So we've just been focusing 
on the domestic market at this stage. But yes, as the transformer capacity 
goes up around the world, the CTC requirement will also go up 
proportionately… 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Sorry, can you repeat? 
Kushal Desai: 
I'm saying, there is an opportunity in the U.S. market, but we have not 
explored fully so far. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 31 of 33 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: And 1 more thing. We have stated that about legislative changes have been 
there. So for more than 400 amps, CTC will be used. So are those 
legislative changes across the globe? Or is it just for in India when... 
Kushal Desai: 
This is something that has been mandated by Central Electricity Authority 
of India guidelines. And it's a guideline. So usually CEA issues guidelines 
and then it's the utilities that ends up adopting those guidelines. So it's a 
guideline for India. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay. And globally, so is CTC a large market versus PICC, which is paper 
insulated? Or -- some thoughts on that. 
Kushal Desai: 
PICC has been the default product, which has been running for very long. 
There is a transition happening with PICC being replaced by CTCs. There 
are many transformer companies that are even using it for less than 400 
amps. 
Many of the renewable energy guys are also preferring CTC because the 
transformers can be wound also faster and the consistency is much higher. 
So in solar and wind, when you -- each set of panels has -- so you just keep 
repeating the same designs. Same thing in the case of a windmills. So 
that's how the demand for this is increasing because it's faster to wind, the 
quality of the winding is better and the losses are lower. 
Himanshu Upadhyay:  
Okay. And the price-wise, any big difference between PICC and CTC? 
Kushal Desai: 
So CTC is more expensive than PICC. But usually, you can justify that 
because of the lower losses and the higher reliability. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Aditya from Securities Investments 
Manager. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 32 of 33 
 
Aditya: 
Sir, I had a question on your transformer oil segment. So what we 
understand is there is a demand-supply mismatch for transformers. So do 
you foresee a similar situation happening for the transformer oil segment 
as well, both in domestic and global market? 
Kushal Desai: 
So there is no shortage of transformer oil as such. But certain high-end 
grades, which are these naphthenic grades, which go into higher voltage 
power transformers, et cetera, there the demand is very strong and the 
supply is not increasing commensurately. So there is really your ability on 
the customer side of having approvals and on the procurement side being 
able to access the refineries and the supply chain. So as far as APAR is 
concerned, we are stronger than our competition in both these areas. 
That's how we've been able to kind of grow faster than most of our peers. 
Aditya: 
Understood. And if I look at the previous decade and compare it to this 
decade in the transformer oil segment, do we witness higher pricing, 
which we are getting for our transformer oil and lubricant business 
considering the overall demand scenario? 
Kushal Desai: 
 So the transformer oil profitability has been -- is higher than some of the 
other categories. And that's why as you see the -- as the transformer oil 
volume goes up, the overall average has also been moving up. 
Aditya: 
Understood. Understood, sir. And now, sir, in the export market, we are 
seeing very strong growth in the transformer oil segment. So just wanted 
to understand how are you able to compete against global MNC players 
who would have local manufacturing facilities? 
Kushal Desai: 
So in many countries where we export and have significant market share, 
they don't have good transformer oil manufacturers. So when you look 
across the Middle East, there's nobody else who does the sort of 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings call 
 
 
October 30, 2024 
 
Page 33 of 33 
 
naphthenic transformer oil. When you got into countries like Vietnam, 
Indonesia, Australia, there is no local manufacturers there. And these are 
the countries where APAR has a very strong position. Even a country like 
Turkey doesn't have a local transformer oil manufacturing. . 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as a last question for the day. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Kushal Desai for closing 
comments. 
Kushal Desai: 
I'd like to take this opportunity to thank everyone who's been on this 
earnings call for taking out the time. This is the festive season and Diwali 
holiday kind of begin from tomorrow onwards. Again, I'd like to wish all 
of you a happy Diwali and a prosperous New Year.  
We are quite confident that this energy transition is here to stay. And as it 
unfolds, it's not a quarterly sort of game. It's going to run over multiple 
years and, in fact, maybe decades. And it's our position that we would like 
to be at the forefront of this whole transition, or as I call, revolution taking 
place. So thank you once again for all your time. And greetings for a happy 
Diwali. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of APAR Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
