Date: 30th October, 2024 
Subject: - Transcript of Investor Call pertaining to Financial Results for quarter and half 
year ended on 30th September, 2024 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript 
of the Investor Call held on Wednesday, 23rd October, 2024 on the financial result of the 
Company for the quarter and half year ended on 30th September, 2024. 
The transcript will also available on the website of the Company at 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
This is for your information and further dissemination.  
Thanking you, 
For Sona BLW Precision Forgings Limited 
Ajay Pratap Singh 
Group General Counsel, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Enclosed as above; 
BSE Ltd. 
Regd. Office: Floor - 25,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Deptt., Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 543300 
NSE Scrip:  SONACOMS 
Ajay Pratap 
Singh
Digitally signed by Ajay 
Pratap Singh 
Date: 2024.10.30 10:14:28 
+05'30'

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
SONA BLW Precision Forgings Ltd. (Sona Comstar) 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
October 23, 2024 
The webcast recording and the presentation referred to in this transcript are available on the website of the 
Company and can be accessed through the following link:  
 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon, Ladies and gentlemen. Thank you, and welcome to Sona 
Comstar’s Q2 FY25 earnings group conference call. Please note that all 
participant lines are in the listen-only mode as of now. There will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please 
note that this call is being recorded. We request that you place your lines on 
mute except when asking a question.  
 
Slide 2: 
 
Some of the statements by the management team in today's conference 
call may be forward-looking in nature, and we request you to refer to the 
disclaimer in the earnings presentation for further details. The management 
will also not be taking any specific customer-related questions or confirming 
or denying any customer names or relationships due to confidentiality 
reasons. Please refrain from naming any customer in your questions. 
 
Now, I'll hand over the floor to Mr. Kapil Singh, Head of Consumer and Digital 
Commerce Research, India, and Lead Autos Analyst at Nomura. Kapil, 
please go ahead.  
Kapil Singh: 
Good day, everyone. To take us through the Q2 FY25 results and to answer 
your questions, we have the management team of Sona Comstar with us. I 
will just introduce them quickly. We have Mr. Vivek Vikram Singh, MD & Group 
CEO; Mr. Kiran Deshmukh, Group CTO; Mr. Praveen Chakrapani Rao, Group 
CTO designate, Mr. Sat Mohan Gupta, CEO of Motor Business; Mr. Vikram 
Verma, CEO of Driveline Business; Mr. Rohit Nanda, Group CFO; Mr. Amit 
Mishra, Head - Investor Relations; and Mr. Pratik Sachan, GM - Corporate 
Strategy and Investor Relations. Now, I hand over the call to Vivek for the 
opening remarks and the presentation, over to you. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank you, Kapil, and welcome everyone, to the earnings call of what is 
once again the highest-ever quarterly revenue, EBITDA, BEV revenue and 
BEV revenue share. But before we discuss the quarterly performance in 
detail, we have an important strategic announcement to share. 
 
Slide 5: 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
As we continue to grow as a company and to keep expanding the canvas 
in which we paint, we need to look at different opportunities, and we need 
to expand our focus beyond the automotive sector to broader mobility areas 
if we are to achieve a long-term growth ambition and continue the growth 
momentum that we displayed for the entirety of our 25-year-old journey. And 
with this thought in mind, if you remember, about a year back or 12 months 
back, we had updated our vision statement to reflect this shift, and we had 
taken out auto and inserted mobility. And since then, in the last 12 months, 
we've been exploring various areas of mobility. While doing that, and as some 
of you may already know, we said this on multiple occasions, we have a few 
filters that we put in, regardless of whether it's an organic opportunity or an 
inorganic opportunity that we put in to evaluate.  
The first is the products, are they expected to exist for at least the next 15 
years or not? In this case, we are confident trains will have brakes for perhaps 
much longer than 15 years.  
Second, we aim at sectors that are not only sizable but also fast-growing, 
because I think Bob Iger, it was said that do not be a trombone oil salesman 
because even if you are the best at it and the market leader in it, there is only 
a very small amount of trombone oil that so the market has to be large 
enough as well as fast-growing and whatever we acquire should have the 
ability to take market leadership in its product category. Escorts Kubota 
Limited Railway division is already the market leader in railway brakes in India 
and we believe with the right investment and the right focus, it has the 
capability to become one of the market leaders globally as well. 
Third, it should further our long-standing strategic priority of diversification, 
whether it be in a market segment, in our customer mix or a product offering, 
which this obviously does. 
Fourth and obviously very important from a shareholder’s perspective, it 
should be a good financial investment. In the current case, we expect that 
this acquisition would be earnings accretive from year one itself.  
And lastly, but at least to the management team as a group, very 
importantly, it should be good for the world we live in and hence the 
opportunities we explore must be in the cleaner part of the mobility. Now, 
railways is the most environmentally friendly mode of motorized transport 
available today. With this acquisition, Sona Comstar reaffirms our 
commitment to promoting green and clean mobility solutions. 
Slide 6: 
So, this is in a way some elements are repeated here, but I’d say that more 
than repeated is reemphasizing that the acquisition of the railway equipment 
division of EKL checks all our filters to screen new growth opportunities. The 
railway industry, and we will cover it a little bit, presents long-term growth 
opportunities. And with the railway equipment division business, we see 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
significant potential to broaden our product range by doing what we as a 
company have done best so far, which is incorporating advanced 
technology and engineering products. 
Slide 7: 
Now taking these things point by point Indian railways as some of you may 
already know, have the second largest railway network in Asia and the fourth 
largest, globally, the railway component market in India offers a significant 
opportunity to do various I’d say a long term growth factor and considerable 
and I will want to restate it to mark the emphasis into considerable entry 
barriers, especially in critical products like brakes. Why, if you look at the 
second half of this slide, this potential, if you look at the increasing investments 
and expanding the railway network and the various modernization initiatives 
of the railway, the total investment has grown at an annual growth rate of 
17% over the last 10 years. This is one of the highest investment categories that 
is there in India today. And despite it being a 200-year-old industry, even after 
all these years, it is amongst the most economical and environmentally 
friendly modes of transportation for a large population. We expect trains with 
brakes to exist for the next several decades if not more. 
Slide 8: 
Again, to reiterate that point, Indian railways have a fairly hard barrier to entry 
for component suppliers due to a very strict vendor approval process. And, 
this is especially true for critical components like brake systems. Escorts 
Kubota’s Railway Equipment Division, or RED, has over 60 years of experience 
in the railway component industry and has been a long-term partner of 
Indian railways and major private railway OEMs. I think the revenue split is 50-
50 broadly, and I would say it easily has one of the most extensive product 
portfolios among railway component suppliers in India. RED is a market leader 
in brake systems for various types of rolling stock. It is also one of the top 
suppliers of couplers, suspension systems and friction products. I think as we 
look at it even more importantly, it also has a robust pipeline of new products. 
This is where Sona Comstar ownership can make the greatest delta, and with 
the significant potential of growth, this business already has. I think if we 
accelerate new products to the R&D process, we can go the distance on this 
acquisition. 
 
Slide 9:  
Coming to the financials, RED has a fairly strong record of financial 
performance across all the three key areas that we consider important: 
revenue growth, profitability and return ratios.  
Last year, the business reported revenue of approximately 950 crores with an 
EBIT of 179 crores. Over the past five years, the company has had a CAGR of 
19% in revenue and 18% in EBIT while consistently maintaining return ratios 
above 35%. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
Slide 10: 
This, of course, as I said, is very important to us because, as a management 
team, we believe that any product we make must benefit society and the 
world. This acquisition aligns with our goal of promoting clean mobility. I 
mean, if you live in Delhi NCR or anywhere in North India, you will understand 
and appreciate the criticality of this goal as most of the management team 
of this company lives here, this is an important thing. Railways are among the 
most green and clean modes of motorized transport today. And if you look 
at the bottom half of this chart. It includes Metrorail, electric buses, national 
rail, electric cars and plug-in hybrid vehicles. As you know, we offer multiple 
products for electric cars in both BEVs as well PHEVs. And we are also 
developing powertrains for electric buses. By acquiring RED, we are entering 
the railways as well and this rapidly growing railway component market 
should help us contribute more to greener mobility solutions. 
 
Slide 11: 
And coming to the terms, we will acquire the RED business at an enterprise 
value of INR 16 billion or 1600 crore. After closing, we expect the transition to 
be EPS accretive for us from the first year itself. Our strategy for this business 
will be similar to the approach we have taken with the Comstar acquisition 
in 2019 and NOVELIC acquisition in 2023. We believe very deeply in 
empowering the management of the businesses we acquire, we actually 
spend a lot of time evaluating the management of the business we acquire 
and only if they are capable, do we take that leap and by empowering them 
and providing them with the capital to invest in growth and R&D as well as 
fostering a culture where they have the freedom to take risk and learn from 
failure and I think that’s the kind of M&A that we do. With Comstar, I mean, if 
you take it as an example, it was a 100% starter motor business focused on 
ICE, but the same team under Sat’s leadership and Pravin’s been a large part 
of it, it has pivoted to a large EV motor and inverter business as well. We are 
doing something very similar to transformation and development where 
we're trying to shift from a service-led business model to a product-driven. We 
intend to do something very similar from a strategy perspective with RED. 
Empower the management team to invest in R&D and develop more and 
more innovative products for our customers because what this opportunity 
gives us is also a channel into expanding an existing business with an Indian 
railway or the private OEM supplying to India. Yes, it is an asset purchase and 
not a share purchase. And that I think there will be more to that we can take 
up in Q & A. 
 
Slide 13:  
Now coming to the well, at least for this quarter, slightly more mundane 
aspect. The regular performance update on our business.  
In financial terms, as I said, we achieved the highest-ever revenue and 
EBITDA. Our revenue grew by 17% on a year-on-year basis. While EBITDA and 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
net profit increased by 14 and 16% respectively, net profit would have also 
been our highest ever. However, it was adversely impacted by exceptional 
expenses of about 83 million or 8.3 crore related to acquisition-related 
expenses, which Rohit will explain later. And also, in a lighter way, I wanted 
to add that 12 months into the EV slowdown narrative, our overall growth 
continues to be driven by BEV revenue. It has grown a staggering 53% last 
quarter and its share and revenue has increased to the highest ever at 36%, 
which goes to show that sometimes narrative does strike data, but numbers 
are numbers, and they should be given precedence, at least in our opinion. 
 
Slide 14:  
First half, we continue to do well on all the three financial indicators. Our 
revenue, EBITDA and PAT are up 19%, 19% and 21% respectively. We have 
had a decline in return on equity and RoCE that is due to the recent capital 
raise of 2,400 crores to the QIP that we did last month. We expect the return 
ratios to improve as we deploy and invest the cash to various growth 
initiatives of the company. 
Slide 17:  
Now, moving to the update on our strategic priorities that we do every 
quarter. The first one, most importantly, electrification; our BEV revenue share 
has increased from 27% in H1 last year to 35%, and BEV revenue in rupee terms 
has grown by 53% to 6 billion rupees. For us, the growth in BEV revenue has, in 
fact, been seven times the growth in non-BEV revenue. The order book we 
continue to build on our EV order book. We now have 56 EV programs across 
32 customers. 27 of them are in production currently. 13 are mature or 
completely ramped up at peak volume, and 14 are still in the ramp-up phase. 
The remaining 29 programs are still not in production and should start during 
this or the following year. 
Slide 19:  
Which brings me to our net order book. We have consumed 14 billion last 
quarter which is the reason why we have grown so much in the last quarter. 
We also have won business worth 12 billion and added that as an addition. 
So, at the end of Q2FY25, the net order book stands at ₹231 billion rupees, 
with the EV portion remaining quite high and 78% of the net order book. Quite 
interestingly, this is the first quarter in which we also won some CNG starter 
business and this I just wanted to mention because we do get questions on 
alternative fuel sometimes. So, the answer is this: irrespective if it is either way 
the motor or the engine, whatever powers it, it won’t matter; that business will 
still come. So just re-emphasizing that alternate, or hybrid powertrains do not 
really have any impact on our business. 
Slide 21:  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 
Diversification, which has always been an important KRA, increasing 
electrification and decreasing ICE dependence continues unabated. In the 
first half, we saw BEV revenue share increase to 35 and ICE-dependent 
revenue shrink to only 9%. The Europe demand slowdown has meant that the 
revenue share from hybrid and micro-hybrid vehicles has been lower than 
the previous year. 
Slide 22:  
Now, moving to the other revenue cuts. If you look at it geographically, North 
America remains our largest end market, contributing 44% and, frankly, the 
most stable from a demand perspective as well. While India remains the 
second largest market with a revenue share of 28%. I mean, after a strong 
recovery last year, we have seen a slowdown in demand in Europe. That is 
why the 26% has shrunk to 22%. By product, if I come to our fastest growing 
product segments, have been EV differential assemblies and EV traction 
motors; this you can see reflected in the product mix as well. Another thing 
which is notable is the weakness in commercial vehicle demand, especially 
in India, although it is everywhere, but it is even more acute in India, which 
has resulted in a share of revenue from the segment going from 14% to 10% 
in the first half. This is quite a decline. Now, the non-automotive revenue, as 
you can see on the screen, has also declined; first half of H1 last year, this was 
12%, and this year, it's 9%. This is due to the weakness in the off-highway 
segment once again in both the U.S. and India. With this, I turn to our group 
CTO Mr. Deshmukh to update this and update us on the technology section 
for his last time. Over to You Sir! 
Kiran Deshmukh:  
Thank you. Vivek!  Good evening, everyone. On an earnings call, this is my 
last address as the company's group CTO. After nearly five decades in the 
automotive industry and four decades with the Sona Group, I will retire on 
October 31st. As I conclude my journey, I'm filled with nostalgia and 
gratitude. I joined Dr Surinder Kapoor 38 years ago to help build a fledgling 
steering systems company. We have since grown into one of India's top 
automotive technology firms supplying critical systems to leading OEMs 
worldwide. This journey required us to unlearn traditions, embrace 
innovation, experiment even with failures and cultivate passionate 
individuals. Together, we overcame challenges and celebrated milestones 
all driven by our commitment to innovation. This farewell marks not just my 
retirement but a celebration of our collective success. I'm pleased to pass 
the baton to my successor, Pravin Chakrapani Rao. With over 30 years of 
experience, he has held leadership positions across diverse functions, 
contributed to global product development and played a crucial role in 
expanding our R&D team. I'm confident we will continue our legacy of 
innovation and leadership. Given that Pravin will now lead our technology 
march, it is most appropriate for him to explain this slide. Over to you Pravin! 
Praveen Rao: 
Thank you! Mr. Deshmukh, I'm happy to present the technology update this 
quarter. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
 
 
Slide 24: 
Thank you! Mr. Deshmukh, I'm happy to present the technology update this 
quarter. Sona Comstar has achieved a significant milestone with ASPICE 
level-2 certification being awarded for its advanced active suspension 
system product. This affirms our commitment to delivering high-quality, 
reliable and innovative systems and software solutions to the mobility space. 
ASPICE framework is globally recognized as a standard for assessing software 
development processes. Efficiently implementing ASPICE leads to better 
process and product quality. The standard helps to improve cooperation 
among complex supply chains and between globally distributed 
development and engineering centres. This capability strengthens our 
current position in the market and opens up additional opportunities for 
business with global OEMs. I now hand over to Rohit to cover the financial 
update. Thank you. 
Rohit Nanda: 
Thank you! Pravin, a very good day to you all. It's my pleasure to share our 
second quarter and first-half results for FY25 with you all. 
 
Slide 26: 
First, we start with the second quarter results. We've had a good quarter with 
a year-on-year revenue growth of 17% to 925 crore rupees. In comparison to 
our growth, the underlying light vehicle market in North America, Europe and 
India, being the largest 3 markets for us, declined by actually 2%. Our BEV 
revenue grew by 53% to 317 crores and now it constitutes 36% of our revenue 
in this quarter. Our EBITDA grew by 14% to 255 crore rupees. However, 
adjusted for the higher ease of cost in this quarter, the actual growth was 
18%. Adjusted EBITDA margin improved by about 20 basis points on a year-
on-year basis. Our profit after tax had an adjustment for exceptional 
expenses on account of certain potential inorganic opportunities. 
Compared like to like adjusted for these expenses, our PAT grew by 23% to 
158 crore rupees compared to 129 crore last year. On the positive side, net 
finance income helped our adjusted PAT margin by about 80 basis points. 
 
Slide 27: 
We move to the first half financials then. During the first half, our revenue 
grew by 19% to 1818 crores. As compared to the underlying growth of 3% in 
our key markets of North America, Europe and India. Our BEV revenue grew 
by 53% to 600 crores being 35% of our total sales. Our EBITDA for the first half 
adjusted for higher ESOP cost grew by 22% to 523 crore rupees. Adjusted 
EBITDA margin expanded by 0.6% on account of operating leverage and 
lower material costs. Our PAT adjusted for exceptional expenses grew by 26% 
to 307 crore rupees, adjusted PAT margin was higher by about 80 basis points, 
mainly due to improved EBITDA margin and net finance costs. 
Slide 28: 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
 
This brings us to the cash flow for the first half. We've generated 467 crore 
rupees of cash from operations against an EBITDA of 506 crores in the first 
half. Our Capex spend was 224 crore rupees, and therefore, our free cash 
flow was 243 crores. Besides operations this quarter, we also had a net cash 
inflow of 2370 crores from the QIP done during September month. Temporary 
deployment of QIP proceeds besides surplus operating cash flow led to an 
increase in investments by 1890 crores, net loan repayments of 224 crores, 
dividend payout of 88 crores and there was an increase in the closing cash 
by about 385 crore rupees. 
 
Slide 29: 
This brings us to the last slide in the presentation, which is on the key ratios. 
The key highlights of this slide include further improvements in the working 
capital and fixed asset turnover ratios. Now close to five and four times 
respectively. Our net debt to EBITDA is further negative due to the repayment 
of borrowings out of the QIP proceeds. Our return ratios have seen a dip in 
this quarter consequent to the QIP fundraise that we did last quarter. With 
this, we've come to the end of our second quarter and first-half earnings 
presentation, and I'll now hand the proceedings back to the Nomura team 
for Q&A. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Now we are at the Q&A session, we would like to open 
the floor for Q&A and if you wish to raise a question, please use the raise 
hand function located at the bottom right of the Webex page. We will 
unmute your line and prompt you to speak, or you can submit your questions 
via the Q&A chat box addressing to all panelists. Please be reminded to 
keep your question to a maximum of two questions. If you have more 
questions, you may return to the queue. Thank you. The first question we will 
open the line for Gunjan. Your line is unmute. Please go ahead with your two 
questions. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Yeah. Hi. Thanks, team, for taking my questions. Congratulations for the 
closure of this deal. Good to see the business diversification continue. I have 
two questions. Firstly, on this acquisition. I just wanted to hear a little bit more 
from you, you know, in terms of what happens to the management team. Is 
it the entire team coming along when you're buying this business? And more 
from your perspective, you know, what is the, I have heard that businesses 
that you pursue typically should have a right to win, right? So I'm just trying to 
understand when you look at this business. What is the biggest right to win 
here? And what does the competitive landscape sort of look like? 
positioning, I know they are the leader, but how are the business dynamics? 
is it about the product? Is it about cost? What is the edge that, this business 
has? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Thanks, Gunjan. I am very happy to get a non-EV question! Frankly, 
management is very, very important to us. That's one of the first things. The 
first question we ask ourselves is, see buying things, looking at financial 
metrics, we are not traders; we are a permanent group. It's easy, you can 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
 
buy something. It may look good on finances. How will you run it? And then 
how will you grow it to become an institution on its own? You would need 
capable people. We don't believe we are some superhumans who can 
come into any business and, you know, make it great. We rely on people who 
have capability and drive and have had some constraints, maybe it is 
constraints on capital, maybe it's constraints on focus. Like in this case, it is a 
great company that is part of, for that company, it is not a core business and 
hence, it may not have got the attention that if it got, it might prosper more. 
That's the thing. All the management team of the current railway equipment 
division of EKL is coming along and we would like to add more to the team, 
but everybody will be coming along.  
The second part, the right to win, I think that question usually you know that 
line, I said that maybe before - ‘pratyaksh ko pramaan ki avashyakta nahi 
hoti’. It means what is primal does not usually need evidence. If you have 
been the largest market share in any product category for decades, you 
would usually have something. But if you've been a market leader in a 
product category for some time, along with higher margins, kind of like the 
last point, there will 100% be some reason for that. It is a three-player market. 
So, Gunjan, brakes is a very critical thing. So, there are big global companies, 
one big European company, one big American company and this one 
Indian company; three of them compete. The product validation process is 
super strict, and the entry barriers are very high. So, these three compete 
amongst each other. Sometimes cost, sometimes technology, depends on 
which generation of product you're in. Like in automotive, because if it's a 
product that's been seen for 20 years, then you have to be much better at 
process quality cost. If it's a product that is new then technology and how 
much better you make it for the customer that comes in also, cost will always 
run. There is no, I don't think there is a single customer purchase decision in 
any category of any product where the price is no value, maybe apart from 
Giffen goods that we studied in economics. Everything else does have that 
thing. Did I miss any part or no? 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
I think this is useful. I mean, the message that I get is still a very concentrated 
market, and it's basically just the validation from the government agencies, 
which is relationship over a period of time also matters a lot.  
OK, the second question that I had was on the order book. Now, we continue 
to sort of see the ramp-up in the programs coming through on the full ramp-
up line; typically, you've had these 29-28 programs which have won but not 
really translating into revenue. So, I just wanted to hear again from you, given 
that the entire set-up in autos with the slowdown is that, should we continue 
to still sort of work with the assumption that this book will translate into revenue 
three years out? Does that still, sort of hold true? Or should there be some 
change to the timelines there? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  See, there isn't much that gives me any ground to change my view; there is, 
there are two programs that are delayed: one, a European program that's 
delayed by a year, and there is one Indian EV Two-Wheeler program that's 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
 
already been delayed for six months. Apart from those two, I don't have any 
instances to say one way or the other and that, frankly, also could happen. I 
don't know if it's a powertrain link. Model launches getting delayed happens. 
It is more a factor of, I would say, overall economic situation or customer 
readiness levels. I don't know which one it is. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
But fair to say 231 billion or 230 billion over a span of 3 to 4 years should 
translate into revenues. You don't see a major risk? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, I can tell you this: I don't think there is a single program there, and Pratik, 
you do confirm, started later than 2020, like at least the start of the session, 
fully ramped up or not, I don't know. I think there are some in there which are 
beginning FY27 calendar at 28 I doubt I would, you know. 
Pratik Sachan:  
Yeah, yeah. So that's completely right. Most of the programs will start by FY27. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Correct, because Gunjan as you know, 24 months and beyond that is really, 
it will be exceptionally unusual. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We go to the second investor, Prateek Sen. Your line is unmute, 
please go ahead with your two questions. 
Prateek Sen:  
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, can you help me understand the domestic 
EV traction motors and controllers market? And how is this market evolving? 
And what's our market share? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, it has been our fastest-growing product category, I think, for the last three 
years. But that is because the waste was incredibly small, and this industry 
was growing quite fast till the first shock came when the first duty withdrawal 
happened. if you remember May last year, then I think now again, we are 
where it's coming to a stable thing and all our growth comes from new 
programs starting. Actually, that's been true for most of the industries we 
operate. If you look at the underlying, Rohit does a good job each time each 
quarter he talks about that industry, underlying growth was like 2%-3% 
whatever and our growth was this much, we have always grown faster than 
that because we grow on the order of new orders, basically means either 
wallet share with an existing customer or you get more customers that 
increase markets. That is how we have grown. Right now, I don't think the EV 
two-wheeler industry is growing very fast now at this stage. 
Market share is very complicated because what is the denominator, EV two-
wheeler plus EV three-wheeler plus EV four-wheeler or just EV two-wheeler so 
that it varies. And also, by the way, the complication is that it also varies from 
month to month; if you notice the EV two-wheeler sales number, the 
fluctuations are quite wide and depending on which OEM is doing better or 
worse. Our market share also fluctuates a lot every month but, Sat maybe 
you can answer this. We can do the denominator. How many would we be 
selling per month? 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
 
Sat Mohan Gupta:  
Right now, we are selling around 20k per month. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Correct, So, on an average, Prateek, 20k per month. So, if you take and most 
of it is EV two-wheeler. So, if you take a two-wheeler market, I don't know 
exactly how many vehicles are for every month. But use that as the 
denominator because each one will have exactly one motor, none of them 
have two, you will get our market share or get close to it. Did that help 
Prateek? 
Prateek Sen:  
Yes, sir. That's very helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
We go to the next investor with a question. Rosen Lewis, your line is unmute. 
Please go ahead with your two questions. 
Ralson Lewis:  
With regards to your recent purchase of EKL’s RED, right? So, I just wanted to 
understand, what is the kind of revenue that you anticipate it adding on to 
the overall the company's performance in the upcoming years. And 
secondly, what are the kind of competitors that you anticipate to be 
competing with alongside EKL in the braking system and the other businesses 
that EKL is involved in? That's all. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, I will let Rohit or Amit Mishra to answer this. Also, in tribute to their role in 
this transaction. These two gentlemen led and closed the entire transaction. 
I did very light lifting. So, I'll let these two answer the question. 
Rohit Nanda:  
Amit, are you taking this one? Ok. So, I think the last year revenue from this 
business was about 900 odd crores and their EBITDA margin is about 18%. So, 
that's where this business is currently. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, is it EBIT or EBITDA? 
Rohit Nanda:  
Yeah, sorry EBIT. And that's what they report. So correct. So that's where they 
are. That's the size of the business correctly. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  We don't give future guidance for our business, neither will we give it for this 
business after acquiring it. So, we can only give historical numbers.   
Rohit Nanda:  
Is there a follow-up question on this? 
Moderator:  
Hey, Kapil, would you like to go ahead Kapil? 
Kapil Singh:  
I just wanted to check if there is any follow-up question on this, or can I take 
questions from here? 
Prateek Sen:  
Yeah, I just wanted to understand the flavour on the competition alongside 
EKL for the railway business in the business that EKL is involved in. Any 
competition that is involved against which you all would be working towards? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  I think I did mention there are two other big competitors. One is the large US 
origin brake maker, and one is a large European brake maker. You know, we 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
 
don't take names of other companies in our presentation. But it is a very clear 
market. In that case, the brake category that is. There are other products in 
which there are competitors, but that's on the slide. And second, listen, just to 
help and maybe we can go to that slide. Pratik, can you take us to the 
financials slide, which would be no. 6 or 7 of the acquisition part and why we 
don’t want to guide it?  
So, if you look at it, this is a very, very high growth rate, right? Because this is 
the FY21 of 479 crores with this and now 950. Every year it won't be like this, 
there will be some years which will be not so fast. Like this year, there has been 
an election year. So it will not be the fastest. That's FY25 might have been 
most likely be flat. But by the time we get in, which will be by the time we'll 
take some time to close also. The fact that we don't know exactly when? 
Only then does the journey begin for us to grow. The past? And what growth 
has been in the past is not necessarily a great guide for the future, but it does 
indicate that if investments into the railway sector, investments into building 
new tracks and new locomotives continue, the growth rate can be expected 
to be fairly high, how much that will be like I said, we don't guide because of 
the very simple reason. I don't think any of us, all of us exult in trying to find 
certainty in a world which is inherently uncertain in the future that is inherently 
unknown. There is no way for us to know nine months later whenever the 
railway budget comes, what exactly will we respond to? So instead of trying 
to do that, we focus on trying to do what is in our control, trying to do the 
right things, trying to develop new products, win new contracts, win new 
businesses, work on cost, work on R&D and we will continue to do that as we 
have for the last 3.5 years that we've been public, you've been seeing us. 
That's exactly what we will do with this business. That's exactly what we do 
with business. We will continue to do those things in that nature, guessing 
what will happen and trying to predict that and then share it with the world. 
I don't think that is something we have done, or we'll do. 
Kapil Singh:  
I’ll take a couple of questions from the chat box. So these questions are from 
Ayush. The first question is if the team can explain large with respect to 
addition of orders through our order book also, are we seeing any delays in 
execution of others, especially concerning European geography? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  I didn't quite understand the first part, but I can answer the second part. We 
have one; I actually did answer that there is one European EV-related new 
order whose SOP is delayed; apart from that, we have not seen any other 
delays outside India and one India EV 2-wheeler. I think I already answered 
that. The rest is a demand thing. Europe PV, India CV, US off highway - these 
three segments are seeing a fairly bad slowdown; the good thing with 
diversified revenue streams like ours is that even in this environment, we can 
do good things. Yes, there will be quarters where the headwinds would be so 
high that you can't win. But these are the three that, for now, I can say are 
the most of them; the rest are flat, mostly flat. But was that the question? I 
didn't get the lag order. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
 
Kapil Singh:  
I mean, I've just read from the chat box so I'm not really sure what is being 
asked here. Maybe Ayush you can raise your hand or reach out directly. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Correct. Write down again in the box. And what is the meaning? Because 
see, you get a purchase order from purchase order to SOP bill always take 
between 18 to 24 months. Sometimes, it's faster if it's a running product and 
you're replacing someone, but that's not always usual, especially if you're a 
going to spec or black box type of company like we design the product. So 
design process has a longer time or if it's a very new type of product, then 
sometimes it goes even beyond 24 months. That's the thing. 
Kapil Singh:  
Ok. One more question was there from Ayush, the fairly new plant set up in 
Mexico. Can you talk about the capacity utilization of that plant? And how 
are the synergies which we are aiming to achieve in America market coming 
along since this acquisition? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Sorry, which acquisition? 
Kapil Singh:  
I don't know, I think maybe this is just related to the plant in Mexico only 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Ok. So, we have not acquired. So, capacity utilization, we have to put up the 
equipment first. Well, Vikram. When do we expect it to start production? 
Vikram Verma:  
Q2 or Q3 of next year. So, October timeframe. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  October 2025 and only a quarter after that would a capacity utilization 
number have any meaning. 
Kapil Singh:  
And then one question is there from Mike. The EBITDA margin of the railway 
business you are acquiring is lower than the company average. So should we 
expect it to converge up to the current company average over time? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  I’ll let Rohit answer that, but one we don't know the EBITDA margin because 
it's never been reported. But no, I doubt that I doubt it will converge up to the 
current company. 
Rohit Nanda:  
Sorry. Kapil, could you please repeat the question? 
Kapil Singh:  
Yeah, sure. So the question is EBITDA margin of the railway business you're 
acquiring is lower than the company average. So should we expect it to 
converge up to the current company average over time? 
Rohit Nanda:  
I think this would be too premature, let's assume the current EBITDA margin 
continues for now. Ok. But having said that, the PAT margin would be largely 
lying with our current PAT level, so at a PAT level, it should have a similar 
margin. 
Kapil Singh:  
Ok. and then one question is there from the Narottam. I want to understand 
the rationale for Escorts to sell the business and were there other potential 
acquirers? 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
Rohit Nanda:  
So, I guess that's for the Escorts to answer and not for us to answer. I guess 
their board meeting is coming up shortly. If Narottam can reserve this question 
for that meeting. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  But all jokes aside, I think it would be there in the schedule. So, I'm pretty sure 
they would have put up on the exchanges this decision themselves. When 
there are two listed companies involved communication would be there. But 
I would say, or you know that Escorts Kubota Limited is owned majority by 
Kubota Japan, which is one of the largest farm equipment manufacturers in 
the world. For them, if you look at this railway equipment division as a 
percentage of the global revenue, not just as a part of Escorts Kubota 
Limited, even as a part of Escorts Kubota Limited, I don't know, it's like 13-14% 
of the revenue. But if you look at it in a global thing, it would be a very small 
part, maybe a percent, maybe less. It isn't their focus; it is something that is 
not aligned with the rest of their business. I think that's the reason. Anything 
more than that seriously also, not in a lighter way, I think you should address 
to Escorts Kubota Limited.  
We estimate it to be between 18 to 20% EBIT right now; let's just do last year. 
So that's 179 upon 950, right? So that's 18.8%. So yeah, 20-21% should be there. 
And those are the numbers Escort Kubota Limited has been reporting the 
railway division number as a segmental revenue, the revenue and EBIT and 
all of those numbers are there in the public disclosures every quarter part of 
the investor presentation. So, all of them can be easily found in the public 
domain. 
Kapil Singh:  
OK. Vivek, I have actually one question for Mr. Deshmukh if he's there since 
it's the last time we are interacting with him, sir, on this public platform. So, I 
would like to know, in terms of you're leaving behind a legacy, right? So we 
just want to understand what, what do you think is the strength of Sona as far 
as the R&D process is concerned? the approach to R&D and what kind of 
processes have you built? So, that we or the company doesn't miss your 
presence as you move out. 
Kiran Deshmukh:  
Firstly, I think one of the strengths of Sona Comstar has been R&D, it's a 
company built on technology, if you see the kind of financials that you're 
seeing purely because of the technology that it has and it owns. So this 
company doesn't depend on external help for technology. It is completely 
owned by itself and developed by itself. And this has happened over the last 
25 years. So the processes for R&D, processes for developing new 
technology. And when we talk about R&D, it is not just about products but 
also about the processes. So both processes and products R&D go hand in 
hand, and the processes for developing the processes and processes for 
developing the products are extremely well defined, and the company 
follows TQM practices. As I think everybody knows, in TQM practices, you 
have a process. It is a process-driven approach. So everything is, it doesn't 
depend upon the individual; it depends on what systems you have in place. 
So already very strong systems are in place. And therefore, when I leave, I 
leave with the sense of satisfaction. And I have full confidence that the team 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
 
under Vivek and Vikram and Sat and Darko will take this company to the next 
level. 
Moderator:  
The next one, we will go to Mukesh Saraf. Mukesh, your line is unmute. Please 
go ahead with your two questions. 
Mukesh Saraf:  
My question is firstly on the acquisition, just trying to understand the, one of 
the key strengths, is it? So, my question is, is pricing one of the key strengths of 
the Escorts Kubota braking systems? The reason I'm asking is that this is 
obviously competing with large European giants who have products and 
technologies throughout the world. And when I look at the margins of, say, 
one of those companies, it is upwards of 35% in India. So, I'm just trying to 
understand if pricing is basically localizing some of those technologies here 
and being able to supply it at a lower price. Is that one of the key strengths 
here for this braking business? 
Rohit Nanda:  
So, Mukesh, the thing is that, based on our understanding of the market and 
their positioning, Vivek already mentioned that this is a market which is and 
especially if we look at brakes, which is their largest product. It's a market 
which has three players, and they have a large market share. So, it is both 
price and quality because eventually, all these orders, railway orders, are run 
through a tendering process. So, price cannot be the only criterion. And as 
you can imagine, brakes are a safety product. So this is, this is something on 
which railways or any company would not compromise just for cost reasons. 
So it has to be both, it has to be quality as well as cost. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  In the general. I don't think there is any category anywhere in which you can 
be the largest market share by being cost alone. You have to be good and 
have a good cost. We've been in the auto business for long enough to do 
that. It is never price alone. You have to do two out of three, either best, 
cheapest or most convenient. You have to be at least two. If you are all three, 
you are god, but at least 2 out of 3. 
Mukesh Saraf:  
Absolutely, Vivek. So the reason I asked this question is, are there cases where 
you have, you've probably seen in the past, that EKL’s braking business has 
kind of brought in new technology, maybe even ahead of the European 
competitors? So that's the reason I asked the question. So have you also 
been, have this, has this also been technology? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  True. True, true. So, Mukesh, yes, the answer to that is yes, we can't talk too 
much about it. As you know, it is an announcement with an intent to acquire 
till it's closed. We don't actually own the asset, right? So there are some things 
we can’t disclose, but the answer to that is yes. However, there is a very, 
bizarre thing in railway, in the private space if you are first with the technology, 
actually, or first mover advantage that you get a lot of market and in railway 
actually because they always have to have multiple suppliers for each 
product, you have to actually wait for others to also come up with the 
technology only then. So it's slightly different from our area.  but, the short 
answer is, have they been able to do it in the past? Yes, and can we do it in 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
 
the other product categories also? The answer to that is also yes, and third, 
an unanswered part of your question is that when there are big global 
people. We love that and that is what we love doing. What do we do in 
differentials? We compete against big, big global companies. Motors, we 
compete against big global companies in life in general if you're an 
ambitious person who wants to achieve and create something of 
significance. Find people above you and compare yourself to people bigger 
and better. Do not just compare yourself to the lowest of the low and be 
happy and satisfied fighting for that. Let's compete with better people. That's 
what we've done in every single business that we do. That's what we intend 
to do in this one. 
Mukesh Saraf:  
Got it, got it. Thank you for that. And secondly, my question on the forging 
business is if there is any colour you can provide on one aspect that I was 
looking at, which is your nonferrous forging. So, you have mentioned that now 
for the last few quarters as future products. So, are there any updates that 
you can provide anything at all on non-ferrous? And the reason I'm also 
asking this is obviously now with the new business of railways, how is the top 
management's focus going to be shared across these business lines? So, 
yeah, this question. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, the first part is easy. I won't even bother, because if there was an update 
we would have shared, you know, when an update has to be, that we have 
won a purchase until then all updates are in a way meaningless to at least 
the shareholder community because we internally and I mean, you know, we 
track it on the entire technology readiness level. Each product from TRL1 to 
TRL7 is the progress that is all in-house. The TRL8 is when you get a customer 
order only then does the disclosure make sense. So when that happens, we 
will. Effort is relentless, result you know, sometimes even with best intention 
doesn't come. But when it does, of course, we will share. The second part 
which is top management bandwidth. I think I partially answered this question 
to Gunjan, which is why we like buying or acquiring businesses where there is 
already good management, we don't intend to do much. I mean, you look 
at our history, NOVELIC, you know, the entire team is there, right? I probably 
go there once every four or five months. Rohit spends some time with them, 
but mostly, we do it on phone calls. if it does require a very heavy involvement 
in us going and firefighting, we'd probably not do it. We hold management 
bandwidth and available time to be very sacred. In fact, we will even go to 
the extent of taking our most valuable, and we don't waste them lightly. So, 
we like getting businesses with great management teams and good leaders. 
I mean, look that business has gone from about 450 to 950 in 4 years. The guys 
are doing something right that this is a good team already. If it was a bad 
team, they wouldn't be able to grow it so fast and so well; they have added 
new products, they've introduced and are working on a new future pipeline. 
It's a good team. 
Mukesh Saraf:  
Sure, understood. Thanks a lot for that. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We shall move on to Nikhil, Nikhil your line is unmute, 
please go ahead with your question. 
 
Nikhil Kale:  
Congrats to the team on the acquisition. Just had one question on some of 
these new products that you've spoken about for the railway business. Can 
you just throw some light on them? And I also wanted to understand in terms 
of, would you have to go through the entire approval cycle for these new 
products or would it be like a shorter gestation period to that extent, a quicker 
kind of commercialization? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Nikhil, short, I don't know, shorter than it would be if we were complete 
outsiders, but you still have to go through the process. Actually, you know, we 
tried looking at this organically as well before obviously acquiring because 
that's the first thing we do anything acquisition related - do make vs buy, and 
say, can you make it? What you realize is the approval process if you want to 
go in as a non-empanelled is so long; it's like 5 to 6 years. So, if you're already 
empanelled and doing safety-critical products, the time is short, but it still will 
require the whole process and steps to be completed. So, it's relatively short. 
Moderator:  
Hi, Nikhil. Do you have any follow-up questions? 
Nikhil Kale:  
Yeah, thanks. Thanks for that. I just want to understand. So, for all the new 
products that you're kind of looking at HVAC and some of these other 
products that you kind of showed on the slide. The plan is to kind of do all the 
entire manufacturing in-house or kind of show some of these components 
and maybe become like a system supplier, or how are you looking at that? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  That will depend from product to product, and frankly, it's likely early to be 
talking about future projects on the day of what, but it will depend again; 
these are obviously operational decisions, but let me just boil it down for you. 
This is by the way in our regular business, whenever you get the purchase 
order for something even before that you would have submitted your entire 
costing to the customer, et cetera, in doing that you would have already 
developed and found a supplier, you would have already figured out what 
you will produce and at what process times, etcetera. So it is different for 
everything. And you take that decision, what is the best for the end 
customer? From both a cost and quality perspective. Of course, if there is 
something that is strategic and can increase value in the long term, for 
example, software, we give an update on ASPICE like this time at level-2. Why 
do we think software is so core that we keep most of it in-house and we have 
a dedicated team? And if you do find ASPICE level-2 means we are actually 
getting certified for automotive software. I mean, four years ago, we didn't 
even have automotive, we are now competing with those companies in that 
domain because we think it's critical. So like that, there will be parts, even in 
hardware, where we say it is too critical to outsource, and there will be things 
we will outsource. Forget parts; sometimes, it's also processes for the same 
part; there are multiple processes; some you keep in-house, and some you 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY25 Earnings Call      
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
 
will outsource. Depends. I know it depends, is the least helpful answer. It 
genuinely is the answer. It depends. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, Nikhil. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. We are now going 
down the list. Rohit Gupta, go ahead your lines are unmute. Please go ahead 
with your questions. Hi Rohit, are you able to speak up? Seems like he is having 
some challenges. We shall go on to the next investor, Nitij Mangal. He has 
dropped. Let's go back and try Rohit. Are you able to speak up? Perhaps you 
can type your question in the chat box? Yeah. Ok. We move on to the next 
investor, Pradeep Jain. Pradeep, your line is unmute. Please go ahead. 
Pradeep Jain:  
So, Vivek, I want to know about the CV traction motor factory. What is the 
status of that? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Thank you. So sorry, sorry, you have to repeat that. 
Pradeep Jain:  
Yeah, CV traction Motors. We are establishing the works now. CV, traction 
motors. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So we currently don't have any CV, traction motors. Oh bus motors? Sat, you 
can update on the bus traction motor. 
Sat Mohan Gupta:  
Pradeep. We are on track, I mean as we have promised in the previous 
investor calls also. we are on target, and we are just in the first calendar year, 
the first quarter of the calendar year 26. We are going ahead with the plan, 
so it's on track right now. 
Pradeep Jain:  
Yeah. Ok. Thank you.   
Kapil Singh:  
There are no further questions in the queue. I'll hand it back to the 
management in case there are any closing remarks. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Perfect, thank you Kapil. No, closing remarks. Yeah. Thank you, everyone for 
being here. Thank you for listening. Thank you for asking questions. Please ask 
us good questions. Makes us better. Keeps us on our toes. And wish everyone 
a great holiday season, Happy Diwali. See you next quarter. Bye. 
Kapil Singh:  
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Nomura, we thank you for joining this call 
and wishing you all a Happy Diwali as well. Deanna, we can close the call 
now. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Thank you everyone for joining today's call. Have a 
good evening. You may drop the line now. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has 
been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an 
effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
