CIN: L72400TG2017PLC117649
 
A 
 
 
compliance.corp@kfintech.com 
November 04, 2024 
CS&G/STX/DQ2024/18 
1) National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: KFINTECH 
2) BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543720 
 
Sub. 
: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
Ref. 
: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“LODR Regulations”) 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Further to our previous intimation bearing reference no. CS&G/STX/DQ2024/05 dated October 14, 
2024, pursuant to Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions of the LODR Regulations, please 
find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on October 29, 2024, in 
respect of the standalone and consolidated unaudited financial results of the Company for the quarter 
and half-year ended September 30, 2024.  
The transcript can also be accessed on the Company’s website at the following link:  
https://investor.kfintech.com/financials/ 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For KFin Technologies Limited 
Alpana Kundu 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No.: F10191 
Encl.: a/a 
 
Digitally signed by ALPANA 
UTTAM KUNDU 
Date: 2024.11.04 17:53:37 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
  
“KFin Technologies Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 29, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SREEKANTH NADELLA – MD AND CEO 
 
MR. VIVEK MATHUR – CFO 
 
MR. AMIT MURARKA – HEAD IR 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DEVESH AGARWAL – IIFL SECURITIES 

 
 
KFin Technologies Limited
 
October 29, 2024 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to KFin Technologies Q2 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by IIFL Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Devesh Agarwal from IIFL Securities Ltd. Over to you, 
sir. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Thank you, Shlok. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Q2 FY25 earnings call of KFin 
Technologies Limited. From the company, we have with us Mr. Sreekanth Nadella, MD and 
CEO, Mr. Vivek Mathur, CFO, and Mr. Amit Murarka, Head of Global Business Finance, M&A, 
and Investor Relations. I would now like to hand over the call to Sreekanth for his opening 
remarks, which will be followed by a Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, Sreekanth. 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
Thank you so much, Devesh. Very, very good morning to all the participants. Happy Dhanteras 
and happy festive season. In line with heralding this entire festive season, KFintech is very happy 
and proud to announce yet another quarter, which was highly fulfilling, purposeful, and in line 
with our plans to become the first global fund administrator from India. 
 
The numbers are published without having to dwell too much further into it, but the quarter that 
had gone by, we have clocked about 34% growth year-on-year, and even the sequential growth 
had been pretty strong at 18% quarter-on-quarter. Both EBITDA and PAT percentages have 
risen sharply on the back of sequential growth and productivity that we have orchestrated across 
every single business line. 
 
This is despite our continual investments both into technological innovation and transformation 
for the betterment of our clients, investors, regulators, and intermediaries, as well as 
geographical expansion. 
As we have been stating from the very beginning, as the first market intermediary who has global 
aspirations, our international business services has grown 44% year-on-year, and even more 
heartening is the number of deal sign-ups that we have done in the past quarter, clearly, of course, 
the revenue of which will be clocked into the coming months. That said, our pipeline for the 
coming quarters for new sign-ups is pretty heartening, and it is swelling with each and every 
progressive day. 
 
We have also been evincing keen interest in driving controllable income, while we respect the 
fact that our business has innate linkages to how the market functions. It had been the 
management's endeavour to create and drive revenue lines where there is more control by the 
management, and revenue which is not directly linked to the equity markets. One such line of 
item is the value-added solutions and services, which is largely big data, analytics, CRM, and 
the mobility solutions that we create and orchestrate for our clients, as well as prospects. 

 
 
KFin Technologies Limited
 
October 29, 2024 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 
Again, happy to inform you that revenue line also has grown by near about 46% year-on-year. 
Overall, as a percentage of the pie, this has risen to over 6.5%. Again, a number that I continue 
to believe has no bearing on the vagaries of the market and controllable revenue at our end. Five 
broad businesses this organization has been operating in. 
 
The first of which has been the bread and butter, as well as the foundation for us, the domestic 
mutual funds business, in line with the market that we have seen a phenomenal amount of uptick 
in terms of mutual funds providing the bedrock for the securities market. Financialization meant 
moving of money from savings into investments as a theme that has played out and we believe 
that will continue to play out into the coming quarters and years. Also evident is from the intent 
of several new asset management companies who intend to launch. 
 
And also the new asset classes that the market regulator intends to introduce. Now, all of these 
we believe will be significant tailwinds to a line of business which already had clocked pretty 
rapid strides in the past few years. In spite of it, the fact remains that it is significantly 
underpenetrated with just about INR4 crores odd unique investors investing. 
 
And as a percentage of GDP also, it significantly trades many of developing economies, let alone 
developed economies. From a registrar's standpoint, our commitment and our contribution had 
obviously been to be able to drive ease of doing business. With a great sense of pride, I'd like to 
again commit that both us and the other RTA have been instrumental in creating ease of doing 
business in the form of customer onboarding, customer servicing, transaction processing, all at 
a significantly lower price for our clients with each passing day. 
 
Our clients have been experiencing faster growth as against industry. As you can clearly see, 
KFintech AAUM had grown close to 45% year-on-year vis-a-vis the industry growth that had 
been at about 41%. 
 
Our overall AAUM market share also has risen albeit a bit to about 32.4%. But given our market 
share is close to 40%, as I have stated, the SIP is the sticky retail book. And we firmly believe 
that our overall AAUM market share will trend towards the SIP market share over a period of 
time, which effectively mathematically translates to a potential of about 500 should this play out 
in the direction that we are thinking about. Also happy to announce that we have won the contract 
for Capitalmind Financial Services, a new-age asset management company, a very prolific PMS 
player in the market based out of Bangalore. 
 
We are working with the entity to secure in principle and then to go on to provide the RTA 
solutions to our client. We have also won the Development for Digital Assets contract largely 
on the big data on the client schematics for one of our largest AMCs and several other in progress 
at this point in time. And in good time hope to announce those successes as well. 
 
Lastly, 6 out of the top 10 fastest growing asset management companies are with KFintech. And 
I understand the fact that this is not necessarily in our control, my client's growth. But our 
solutions and services too, we believe, play a role in the faster digital expansion of our clients 
and their goal is a testimonial of the work we've been doing in this area. 

 
 
KFin Technologies Limited
 
October 29, 2024 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
So broadly, domestic mutual funds are growing slightly ahead of the market. Our yield had 
slightly risen in the previous quarter, and no compression. And overall, both the net flows and 
the mark-to-market gains have been healthy. 
 
Clearly, all of these have resulted in a positive attrition to the margins. That said, the volumes 
have also expanded manifold and that comes with a significant amount of investments, both into 
technology and manpower processes, as well as securing the funds in the form of fraud and 
surveillance reduction, so on and so forth. So from that standpoint, there have been investments 
by the company in the past two quarters. 
 
Some of these are for immediate purposes, some of these will help us in the long term to continue 
to deliver services as the industry grows. On the issuer solutions, I'm very happy to inform you 
that we have grown 25% year-on-year-on revenues. We have added 358 corporate clients during 
the Q2, one of the most successful quarters we've had in the recent past, taking our total client 
rosters to about 6,700. 
 
The market share in the NSE 500 companies has risen from 46.4% to 48.2%. We have won 
several large mandates. Prior to Bajaj Housing Finance, LIC was the largest IPO in the country, 
which was handled by KFintech. Then we handled Bajaj the 2nd at that point in time, and now 
Hyundai, the largest IPO ever in India. 
 
And the next bunch of the largest IPOs that are going to happen in the coming quarter too will 
be handled by KFintech as well, as we announce the names once we secure the letters from them. 
But beyond those names, the ones that are going to go live into the coming week alone, actually 
four out of six IPOs are being handled by KFintech, key ones including NTPC, Leela Hotels, 
and so on and so forth. 
 
We have also successfully completed the transition of large mandates of SBI and NHPC in the 
previous quarter, which has resulted in a total folio expansion by over INR1.15 crores. Clearly, 
our revenue model is entirely based on the number of folios, at least 70% of our revenue. Ergo, 
that is a significant tailwind for us into the coming quarters.  
Moving along on the international investor solutions, we have added six new clients in the 
previous quarter. That's 10% of additional new clients being added. Now, these are clients, and 
by number of contracts, it's a little bit more than that, given our contract can be for TA, FA, and 
for digital solutions also. And these are material contracts. 
One of that is a state-owned fund, Amanahraya Investment Managers and Berjaya and several 
others. And as I said, as we started to initiate the transition into early part of October, the revenue 
for this will be clocked into the coming six to nine months. And the deals are across transfer 
agency and fund accounting and administration, which continues to analyse the strategy that a 
holistic solution of trans-agency and fund accounting effectively leading into purposeful fund 
administration services for a fund manager is probably the right way to go. 
And our acquisition of Hexagram back in the day, which gives us competencies and significant 
capabilities into fund administration, had played a significant role in our international expansion 

 
 
KFin Technologies Limited
 
October 29, 2024 
Page 5 of 20 
 
in addition to our RTA capabilities. Also, happy to inform you that we have received RBI's in-
principle approval to set up a wholly owned subsidiary in Thailand. We see Thailand as a very 
key market in the context of the number of fund managers and a very burgeoning asset 
management industry out there. 
And given our first contract itself was with the third largest bank-based AMC in Thailand, the 
interest that it has emanated across the nation for the largest to the smallest asset management 
had been very overwhelming for us. And clearly, this approval from RBI is a shot in the arm for 
us to quickly set the subsidiary, demonstrate our commitment to the country of Thailand, and 
thereby provide the right kind of confidence to the asset managers within the country to take our 
services and grow their business from there on.  
We have spoken about the state-owned fund. In addition to that, six more have been signed. 
Also, happy to inform you about a large contract signed with Sun Life of Philippines, and that 
too is going to get kick-started into the October month in terms of initiating the transition. And 
we won four more new clients in the GIFT City. We continue to expand our operations.  
We are the single largest fund administrator in GIFT City by a mile, and given the only 
administrator in the country who can offer both TA and FA for all the international clients, we 
have been the preferred partner for many fund managers in the GIFT City. Physical 
manifestation in the form of the space and the capacity is also being added, and we will expand 
our overall office space into the coming month, even as we await another approval from RBI to 
domicile all our international business delivery services into the GIFT City, if I may.  
Moving along onto the AIF and wealth investor services, again, another area we are very, very 
focused upon. We continue to believe that over a period of time, the actively managed mutual 
fund space will see some amount of compression on one end by the passives and on the other 
end by high-alpha seeking alternatives, given that we have been since then the only player in the 
country who had created a fit-for-purpose RTA and an FA-integrated platform for alternatives.  
That has seen our growth in the alternative funds from just about 100-odd funds, under 100 funds 
in 2021 to over 526 funds today, taking over a total market share of nearly 38%. Our AUM has 
risen 55% to about INR1.3 trillion at this point in time. We have signed 37 new funds in the 
quarter that had gone by, with another 50-odd to be in the signature stage into this coming 
quarter. Even as several new schemes are being launched by the existing fund managers, in 
addition to the fact that the AUM itself has been growing dramatically for the funds where the 
capital had been already drawn down.  
In line with our commitment to high-alpha generating assets of alternatives and PMS, we have 
mentioned in the previous two quarters about our commitment for expanding into wealth 
solutions. I am happy to inform you that we have launched our first-of-its-kind wealth platform 
in the recently held symposium for the wealth managers conducted by Hubbis in Mumbai. It's 
called mPowerWealth. Again, on the back of our strong fund administration platform, we have 
custom-created a wealth platform which we believe is going to add significant value to existing 
wealth managers who intend to transition as well as several new boutique outfits that have set 
up and will continue to set up. 

 
 
KFin Technologies Limited
 
October 29, 2024 
Page 6 of 20 
 
We see a significant expansion of the wealth management as an industry, with several of the 
asset managers and investment managers branching out and creating their own fund. Having 
launched this in mid-September, we have seen significant traction from the industry. On a no-
name basis also happy to inform you that we have received an in-principle go-ahead from one 
of our very prominent potential wealth manager who is going to start their operations very soon, 
even as we have a pipeline that continues to swell. 
Again, it must be noted that this is not a new business for us. We have been a wealth management 
platform provider for Deutsche and Citi and o3 Capital and a bunch of other prominent wealth 
managers back in the day, but it is our commitment to completely re-envisage, re-imagine and 
re-launch a stack which we believe will be a globally competing platform.  
It must be noted that wealth management is not a regulated space as much as the asset 
management space is. And given that, this has a strong potential for global expansion, especially 
in the countries where we are already domiciled, that is Malaysia, Philippines, Hong Kong, 
Singapore and Thailand. 
We have also launched KFINSIGHTS, a platform for REITs, first of its kind. Again, two other 
platforms also have been launched along with ours with an intent to expand the asset 
management industry into the REITs and hopefully next into the InVITs as well. The last of the 
business line, the National Pension System, the last three quarters, we have been growing at a 
pace which is probably 2x that of the industry. This quarter, we have exceeded that growth 
against the industry expansion of about 31%. We have grown nearly 32% -- sorry, 13% versus 
32%, so nearly 2.5x on the pensions. 
And also happy to inform you that we have broken even and turned cash profit in this business 
line as well. We continue to be very interested in this business. It is probably a little small at this 
moment in time, but we believe as India becomes more of a pensionable society, which we have 
seen a strong affinity towards too, in times to come, the National Pension System as a business 
line also will provide a significant foundation for us to be a marquee fund administrator, cutting 
across every asset class, every business service, whether it is TA, FA, or digital, cutting across 
almost every geography that is possible. That has truly been our goal all along. So that's broadly 
the summary of the performance. 
I would now request Vivek to cover a little bit on the financials and then we will throw the floor 
open for Q&A. 
Vivek Mathur: 
Thank you, Sreekanth. This is Vivek Mathur. Hi. Good morning, everyone, and greetings of the 
festive season. Quarter-on-quarter, if you see for the same quarter last year versus this year, the 
overall growth in revenue is 34%. And across businesses, if you see domestic mutual fund 
business has grown by 39%. One-third of this growth is coming from inflows and two-third is 
because of the MTM. 
 
So even on a sustainable basis that we have been saying that it will grow in a range of 13% to 
15%, core growth continues to grow at that pace. Mark-to-market is just supporting us in terms 
of better performance across the industry and for us. Issuer solutions has grown by 26% in this 

 
 
KFin Technologies Limited
 
October 29, 2024 
Page 7 of 20 
 
quarter versus last year's same quarter, largely because of higher number of corporate actions 
and large number of folios that Sreekanth talked about that we have been winning because of 
more IPOs, large IPOs being handled, likes of Bajaj. 
In terms of international and other industry solutions, we have seen a growth of 44% year-on-
year for the same quarter. And that's more to do with more international clients coming in, large 
number of AIF mandates that we are winning, growth in NPS business outgrowing the market 
by more than two times, NPS becoming profitable even though small, but we have achieved 
breakeven which talks about our concentrated effort in terms of making sure that whatever 
business we run, they are all profitable.  
Overall, if you see the VAS revenue has also been growing quarter-on-quarter significantly in 
the range of almost 60% quarter-on-quarter sequentially. So, across businesses, across products, 
client wins and addition to the revenue is helping us grow overall. If you look at expenses, 
expenses have also grown, but the volumes have grown tremendously because of the growth in 
overall business. The number of folios that we have seen in terms of transactions have grown 
50% in the first half year as compared to last year, half year in terms of volume of transactions.  
So, 50% increase in volume of mutual fund transaction, 25% growth in number of folios in issuer 
solutions, growth in clients across AIF. So all put together, there is an increase in headcount that 
we have seen year-on-year for the half year and that has resulted in slightly higher expenses and 
then there are ESOPs which have been granted to employees which were about INR1.6 crores 
last year as they hit to P&L which has gone up to about INR6.7 crores this year for the first half.  
But despite all this, the EBITDA margins have improved. There's a growth of 35%. The 
EBITDA margin for quarter 2 as you would have seen has crossed 45%. And we believe that 
our guidance remains in the range of 40% to 45%. The markets are good. So we are witnessing 
the benefits coming to the bottom line. The PAT margins at the end of the quarter for the quarter 
was 42.6% as compared to what we have seen as 40%. Last year for the same quarter, even 
sequentially Q2 is better than Q1 which was 38%, 38.6% in Q1 and now 42.6%.  
So we believe that there is constant effort to optimize expenses as we grow. So we are not losing 
focus in terms of making sure that whatever expenses or renegotiations or reengineering we have 
to do, we continue to do that. And the benefit of that flows into the bottom line. So as a result of 
that the diluted EPS has gone up to 5.16 for the quarter ended September as compared to what 
we have seen last year it was 3.58 for the same quarter.  
So, for the half year, it is 9.11 versus 6.11 last year, half year. So overall, I would say the results 
financial performance has been robust and we continue to maintain trajectory in terms of growth 
and expansion. Happy to take questions now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Pankaj Tibrewal from IKIGAI Asset Managers. Please go ahead. 
Pankaj Tibrewal: 
Yes, good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. Am I audible? 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
Good morning, Pankaj. Yes, you are. 

 
 
KFin Technologies Limited
 
October 29, 2024 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Pankaj Tibrewal: 
Yes. So congratulations on a great set of results and a lot of client wins. And clearly, we are 
users of your platform, so we can really vouch the digital onboarding is just fantastic. What I 
wanted to understand from you is that can you talk about the execution capabilities? You spoke 
about all the deal wins, how you are building capacity to execute all these deals and how do you 
make sure that the overall execution goes as per the track?  
What are the headcounts? How are you looking to add past strength on the execution side? And 
also on the yield side, do you think the pressure is there on the yield side? How do you 
circumvent that over the period of time? These two are the broad questions, both from domestic 
and international perspective. Thank you. 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
Thank you so much, Pankaj for the questions. I'll take one by one. The first one on the execution, 
I had briefly alluded and so had my CFO Mr. Mathur about the expansion of the cost on the back 
of both payroll and on technology solutions. So let me take both of them. We believe that the 
business solutions, we largely split it into the more mature businesses of mutual funds and the 
issuer solutions. Obviously, these were the areas we've been there for the past three decades. 
And the new asset class and businesses, whether it is alternatives, PMS, wealth, and international 
pension system, private retirement schemes and the whole nine yards into the second category 
which are growing, not yet mature, a lot of bespokeness in the market and the industry, unlike 
in the case of mutual funds. It presents itself both a challenge and an opportunity. So for our core 
business, the volume expansion had been quite tremendous. It had grown almost 75%. Revenues, 
obviously, have not grown in that same commensurate manner.  
And with the advent of a low-ticket size, investments in the form of INR100, SIP so on and so 
forth. This presents the opportunity that AUM can further grow as the financialization gets 
driven into B30 and maybe a C30 if it comes through tomorrow, but it must be noted that for a 
player like us, it comes with additional costs because the AUM is how we charge, not based on 
the number of transactions. So clearly, this can be addressed only and only through technology. 
And the scale of volumes and the amount of data grows disproportionately higher in relation to 
the revenue. So our frugal technological engineering and our journey that we have started almost 
four and a half years back to move everything into cloud, move away from enterprise 
architecture into open-source architecture, to focus more on straight through automation as 
against adding more people for quality control mechanisms. All of that have definitely given us 
an advantage over the past X number of years where we have managed to deliver despite the 
volume expansion. 
But the spike that we have seen in the last 6 months to 9 months meant that the transformation 
that we've done in the past was no longer sufficient or is not going to be sufficient in the coming 
years. So the next wave of technological transformation is what is underway at this point in time. 
And hence, there has been an expansion of both payroll which is basically the engineering talent 
we were hiring across the country, as well as the associated costs pertaining to licensing, 
pertaining to the cloud, so on and so forth. 

 
 
KFin Technologies Limited
 
October 29, 2024 
Page 9 of 20 
 
 
We have also moved away from our sourcing of talent strategy from a centralized, okay, come 
to Hyderabad and deliver to we will go to any and every location where there is a talent which 
is fit for purpose. For example, we have moved to Bhubaneswar. We set up our center of 
excellence for data and analytics. 
 
We have just created a center for mobility solutions in Vijayawada. We have centers created in 
Chennai, in Gujarat. We're starting hopefully something soon in Madhya Pradesh, so on and so 
forth. So the talent expansion, both in terms of quality and quantity in partnership with the 
universities and affiliates. 
And our technological partnerships, whether it is with Microsoft, whether it is with AWS, 
combined with a tech talent pool, which is almost 1,350 today for KFin Tech. I believe we are 
rightly positioned to take care of both the volume expansion in the mature business, as well as 
the customization and the bespoke-ness that is required for the new age asset classes, such as 
alternatives and wealth. 
And also happy to inform in terms of the overall commentary from the industry bodies, the 
market regulators, have been overwhelmingly positive in terms of how we've been able to 
service in a much better fashion as against in the past, as well as a few quantitative metrics, such 
as typical wastage that happens in our industries. 
Wrong payouts, susceptibility to fraud, etcetera, all of which we have controlled quite 
significantly over the past 24 months, resulting in leakage to be completely capped. So to assure 
you, Pankaj, our delivery capabilities we are creating not just for today but keeping in mind the 
next three to five years, the capacities we are creating will easily take care of the needs for the 
future. 
 
On the yield compression, well, as the industry expands and as the volumes expand, there had 
always been an expectation from our clients in terms of discounts, in the form of partaking in 
certain amount of windfall gains that we may have secured. And we have always been respectful 
of the asks and our growth had been in spite and despite of such yield compression. 
That said, I am quite confident the industry understands that the AUM growth, if it is a factor of 
X, the quantum of data and the engineering growth that is required by the RTA and market 
intermediaries is nearly a factor of three times. And that means that our costs continue to expand 
quite largely in spite of the AUM to be grown. 
And hence, there hadn't been an inordinate amount of pressure because at the end of the day, the 
services should speak. Today, there is no industry in the world which operates with the core 
operating business being operated at less than about INR3, INR3.5 paise. You compare that to 
even within India, any KRA or depository participants any other industry which runs into several 
tens of rupees, the RTA operations run at few paise. 
And hence, I think there is a mutual respect which is helping us to kind of keep the cap at the 
current blended yield. 

 
 
KFin Technologies Limited
 
October 29, 2024 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Pankaj Tibrewal: 
Fantastic. I think quite reassuring and wish you and the team the best of luck for the future. 
Thank you. 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
Thank you so much, Pankaj. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Supratim Datta from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Supratim Datta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on the international business. I do understand 
that you are now trying to build a larger base in Thailand. Now, if I see Thailand's AUM size is 
around one-fifth out of India currently. So, could you tell us what would be the opportunity size 
for KFin in this market? You currently have one partner, but how do you plan to expand in this 
market if you could give some color on that? 
 
The other question on the international business is also if you could split the 11% quarter-over-
quarter growth into inflows versus mark-to-market gains. That would be very helpful. My 
second question is on the value-added services. I understand that it's contributing around 7.9% 
of your revenues in this quarter. But if I look at your annual report, you plan to expand this to 
15%. 
Now, could you tell us again, you know, what are your plans? How do you plan to expand this 
from 7.9 to 15? What are products you are looking at or market segments are you looking at -- 
to expand this? My third question was on the cost front. I understand that you have laid out, 
which all areas as you are investing. But just wanted to understand that already in FY24, if I see 
your number of IT employees expanded to around 940 from 750. 
So, how much further, how much more manpower do you need to add here? And is this going 
to be a journey over the next two to three years? Or do you see that manpower addition coming 
to an end at the end of this year? If you could give some color on that, that would be helpful. 
Thank you. 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
Sure. Thank you. So, on Thailand, it is. So, today, let's just draw a quick analogy to Malaysia. 
Okay. We started Malaysia in 2019. And I think after one and a half years by which time we 
took; we built our entire platform meeting the needs of the local regulator and the clients. And 
we started winning near about three asset managers a quarter. And that level of win rate was 
unheard of in this industry. 
 
And unfortunately for us, we soon hit COVID. We lost two years in the process, no travel, and 
they were not keen to have offshoring as a conversation. And post COVID, we started again, we 
started winning near about two to three mandates a quarter. The previous quarter, we won six. 
Right. And the journey along the way has taught us one thing, which is that as we move into 
new geography, it is not going to happen that the biggest of the clients are going to give you the 
mandate because it is too much of business risk for them. 
 
And commensurately, the wins we've had were many of the small to medium tiered AMCs back 
in the day. And hence, despite having a number of clients, revenue is obviously not 
commensurate to, for example, the amount of revenue we derive from the equivalent number of 

 
 
KFin Technologies Limited
 
October 29, 2024 
Page 11 of 20 
 
AMCs in India. Right. But that has started to change. The last few wins are all large mandates, 
as I was talking about. 
And the trajectory, we believe, is something that will continue to play out in many a country 
with the notable difference that in Asia, majority of the asset management companies operate in 
a hub and spoke model, meaning if any of the AMCs probably are headquartered in Singapore, 
but they have presence in Malaysia and Philippines and Thailand and so on and so forth. 
 
Ergo, winning a client in any of these locations and delivering good quality outcomes helps us 
to move faster into the other geographies. And it is also noteworthy that just because one asset 
management company is small in a particular country doesn't mean that they're small in every 
other country. They could be materially large in another country. 
 
It happens even here in India as well. So that particular analogy, if you see, in the case of 
Thailand, we are not starting with the smallest client, but we won one of the largest asset 
management companies out there. And we already went live on phase one to the client 
satisfaction phase, which is expected to go live in the coming two months in December. 
 
And this has already yielded a significant positive brand and reputational value for us in that 
entire country. Even at one fifth of the assets under management, there are two notable 
differences I will call out. Right. So one is in India, we do only transfer agency. We don't 
necessarily do fund accounting for mutual fund clients. That is something that we do in 
alternatives. 
 
But in Thailand, our first contract with Krungsri is actually for fund accounting. Ergo, our ability 
to do, should we do both TA and FA together, is something where our yield can be materially 
high, because both of these are two different sets of solutions. And hence, if I'm deriving about 
four to five basis points from TA, I will generate another three to four basis points on FA. 
 
So that means for the same AUM, your yield can be at least 70% to 80% higher. Point number 
one. Number two, in the form of at one fifth of India's AUM, for KFin Tech, it is still 100% of 
the target addressable market, because I do not have a competitor there. Our competition is 
largely in-house, which means that effectively we have to orchestrate the exact same mechanism 
what we've done in Malaysia which is to add value to our clients. 
And as they see, they will start moving it out. So hence, at even one-fifth of the AUM, that pretty 
much could be similar amount of AUM that are managing in India today, given our market share 
is about 32%, 33% here in India. So those are the reasons why we are very excited about 
Thailand.  
And. of course, that is the AUM today. But as we expand into the coming 2 years, 3 years to 4 
years we expect to see the overall AUM in Thailand also to expand. What we have seen in India 
over the last 2.5 years post-COVID is a very sharp mark-to-market gains as well as mutual fund 
financialization. Neither of these two trends have played out in any Asian country and we started 
to see green shoots of that happening in the last two quarters.  

 
 
KFin Technologies Limited
 
October 29, 2024 
Page 12 of 20 
 
And hence, we hope that in the coming few years many of these Southeast Asian economies will 
also see a mark-to-market gains a bit like India and along with that, a financialization moving 
more AUM expansion into each of the asset classes. So that's broadly about Thailand. And this 
is still only the story about mutual funds, not talking about alternatives. We are launching our 
XAlt platform in Thailand and in Singapore into the coming quarters, as I have already called 
out back in the day.  
Currently, XAlt is live in India for Indian funds and Gift City, but we're taking it to Asia. So that 
means our addressable market will go beyond just mutual funds and into the alternatives as well. 
I'll quickly move to the second question in terms of the value-added solutions. At 7.9% of the 
total revenue pool, which was zero about 5 years back, hopefully gives you the confidence about 
what our commitment had been to take certain components of our business into our own hands 
which is not dependent on how the market functions and hence a controllable income.  
So that zero to near about 8% in five years is heartening enough, but yes, our target is 15%. Our 
target, in fact is to de-risk our overall business by reducing the dependency on Indian mutual 
funds to well below 50% in time to come. And that is not by limiting the growth of our largest 
business line, but by expanding our other business lines much faster as we have been seeing over 
a period of time. 
The fact that we have been signing several data lake contracts, both with our clients and with 
asset management companies who are not our clients, should tell us about the efficiency and 
effectiveness of the engineering platforms we have created, and the mobility solutions and the 
analytical solutions that we are creating for our clients as well as for our competitors' clients.  
And this is something that we are able to reduce the TCO the total cost of operation for our 
clients whilst adding and increasing the share of wallet for us. The buyout of Webile 
Technologies, which we have done about 18 months back was wholly and solely intended for 
this very purpose which is to drive pure technological solutions. And that business that we have 
acquired, I am happy to inform you that it has grown nearly two and a half times in a very short 
period of time and has earned cash profit as well.  
So, we believe that slowly we will expand our solutioning beyond the capital markets into the 
broader BFSI sector, because many of our technological solutions transcend beyond capital 
markets and have a larger relevance in the form of the BFSI, for example, an AML, PML, unified 
KYC solutions beyond. I may have already called out; we are also venturing into a KRA 
business, and which was approved by our board for investment the previous evening. So, that's 
broadly on the value-added solutions and services. Our target continues to be to get to a 15% 
profile.  
Now, you would obviously imagine that this is going to happen over a period of time, by which 
time our overall revenue itself will continue to grow, which means that in absolute number, the 
value-added solutions will have to grow materially faster to get to that 15% on the expanded 
overall revenue base, if I may. I'll quickly move to the third one, that's on the IT manpower and 
the costs related. You have seen expansion from 750 to 950 people, that is on the core KFintech. 

 
 
KFin Technologies Limited
 
October 29, 2024 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Webile technologies, which is our subsidiaries, purely a tech shop again. You add that 
headcount, we are close to 1200 plus people. Do we see a further expansion of IT headcount? 
The answer is yes. If you see KFintech's total tech spend as a percentage of revenue in just 3 
years back, it used to be 9%. Today, it has tripled to over 27%, 28%. We believe it is the right 
direction as we create tech-first solutions for the industry. And I always believed that our 
business which is RTA we are basically the extended operations arm for any asset manager.  
But counter-intuitively, I always felt that this should be a tech company more than an operations 
company. And we work with a goal that we used to have about 5000 operations people and 300 
tech people 5 years, 6 years back in this company. Today, our IT team has gone up by five times, 
whilst my operations team continue to remain similar inside and that's largely the amount of 
straight-through automation we brought into it and helping us to manage a manifold increase in 
volumes with the same operations staff.  
In an ideal scenario, I would like to see a day when my tech team probably nearly even doubles 
from where it is today, and the operation team comes down by two-thirds of the current strength. 
That is the true tech version of a business like this which can scale up to any amount of volume, 
which can do straight-through automation, which basically deploys and employs large-scale 
machine learning and cloud technologies to be able to serve our clients' growing needs. 
Supratim Datta: 
That's very helpful. Just one follow-up question. So, you talked about the value-added services 
and the products that you're looking at. I just wanted to understand the pricing here is project-
based, right, rather than AUM based. And hence, would it be fair to say that the profitability 
here could be better than overall the AUM linked business? 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
So, the commercial model for the VaaS varies based on the actual service itself. So, for example, 
we have services rendered in the form of API infrastructure which is more ping-based unit 
pricing. We build certain data engineering solutions more as a project, as you rightly said and 
that would be a one-time project followed by an AMC sort of a mechanism.  
Third could be a SaaS model. Many of our mobility solutions when we create our websites and 
mobile platforms what have you for many of the Fintechs and the clients, not many companies 
in today's world want to have an upfront capex. They prefer pay-as-you-go subscription model, 
and hence, a SaaS model comes to play. 
 
So, each of these three and many more models that may come into play will have a different 
profile of both revenue, the way it hits the P&L, as well as the margin. But it's fair to say that, 
yes, these are as profitable as our core mutual fund business itself, given there are practically – 
I wouldn't put anyone at all who can do the kind of work we do, because there are pure tech 
companies who understand tech very well, but probably not the nuances of the asset management 
industry. 
 
And you may have fund managers and asset managers who understand the domain very well, 
but probably not necessarily technologists. So, we bring to bear both of them together, and hence, 
we are able to deliver solutions better for our clients. While it is reducing their TCO, it continues 
to be a highly profitable business for us. 

 
 
KFin Technologies Limited
 
October 29, 2024 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Supratim Datta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Abhijeet Sakhare from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Hi. Good morning. Congrats on the numbers, and it's good to see the progress and delivery since 
the IPO days. Sreekanth, I have a question on the international side again. How competitive are 
these markets, the deals that you're picking up, especially when you're seeing that these deals 
are starting to get bigger in size as well? So, some flavor on that. And then, secondly, on the 
same point, how do we see the growth outlook given the current pipeline and what you're able 
to see in terms of new acquisitions? 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
Hi, Abhijeet. Very good morning, and good to be talking to you again. So, the competition, as 
I've maintained, largely continues to be with captive and in-house solutions, which the majority 
of the fund managers in Asia tend to leverage, with the notable exception of a player like HSBC, 
who is largely a bank and a custodian, but also render some amount of transfer agency services. 
 
But by and large, it is a market which is heavily skewed towards captive and in-house. Our 
competitive advantage had been on three facets. One was a fit-for-purpose platform for each of 
the countries, a standardized one, which the regulator also has been appreciating us a lot for, 
which they do not have today. 
 
Second, commercially, there is always a plus and minus when you deal with in-house. For me 
to be able to demonstrate that I am 30%, 40%, 50% cheaper than in-house calculations, it is 
tough at times for me to explain to them as to all the costs that they need to bake into their current 
cost structure and compare with my pricing, and then hence realize what is actual savings. For 
example, it's not very easy to add the overhead layers of management, the infrastructure, and the 
data centers and all of that. 
 
So typically, people tend to just add up the people who are working in RTA in their company 
and then they say, okay, this is my cost and what is your price, and that is truly not the cost. So 
we have created templates and estimator models and have been explaining to them quite 
successfully. So in the past 1 year or so, and hence the number of new wins we've seen, almost 
10 new clients in the last 6 months alone, 6 being in the previous quarter, is our ability to explain 
to them as to the genuine benefit they are getting and not necessarily the perceived benefit, which 
is significantly undervalued by them. 
 
So we are hence not seeing any pressure for me to reduce my price. It's just that we are able to 
better navigate and maneuver and explain to them the true benefit they are able to get to us. We 
continue to drive a much higher yield profile in international as compared to India, as is evident 
from the published yields, a little about 35% more than Indian fund structure at this point in 
time. 
 
And that is only for RTA. And as I said, unlike in India, we have the ability to do both TA and 
FA in the international space. And you add to that 4.5, 5 basis points, another 3 basis points for 

 
 
KFin Technologies Limited
 
October 29, 2024 
Page 15 of 20 
 
FA, you're really talking about two times the yield that we derive in India, a little over 2 times. 
That's the potential I'm talking about. 
 
There are a few clients where we are doing, for example, one of the large clients we signed up, 
Berjaya, Interpac, in its earlier avtar, we are doing transfer agency, fund accounting 
administration, digital, everything for all the private mandates and for the mutual funds. So 
obviously your yield and your revenue correspondingly grows, though it is just one client, so to 
speak. 
 
So no yield pressure in international. And as I've already explained back in the day, we do not 
have telescopic pricing. In fact, we have price escalation. We learned our mistakes from Indian 
market, and we have only price escalation clauses in most of our international markets. In terms 
of the deal sizes, yes, I think there's a bunch of deals that I spoke about that we signed are worth 
over $2.5 million. 
 
And today, if you see and compare it to the international, the GFS revenue that marks 70% to 
80% increase just based on these deals, not talking about the organic growth of AUM for the 
existing asset management companies. Our pipeline continues to expand and swell. Again, I 
think each successful delivery opens up doors into multiple clients. We are now talking to several 
of the top five AMCs in Malaysia and in Philippines. 
 
And now with the in-principle approval that we received from Thailand; we hope to accelerate 
our process. It is important to note that in spite and despite of our reputation in the Asian markets, 
the local asset managers would always want to see at least a physical setup of an office and see 
and touch and feel a few human beings that are actually working there. Some of this becomes 
geo-politics as well. 
 
And these approvals help us to provide that level of confidence, though we won the first contract 
without it all. But I think some of the others, I'm sure, will come to roost very soon as we start 
setting up our physical offices and have people domiciled in Thailand and other countries. 
Hopefully, I answered your question, Abhijeet. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Yes, very good. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranuj from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Pranuj: 
Yes, thanks a lot for the opportunity. Just on the yields part, I think domestic yields have 
expanded 6 basis points, quarter-on-quarter, at least in my calculation. So what has driven this? 
I remember you saying that the volumes are pretty high. So is it transaction-based, mixed-led, 
or what led to this? 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
So it's a combination of two factors. One, the asset mix. As we all know, equity derives a higher 
quantum of basis points. And the asset mix plays into, has played, right? I mean, the market-to-
market expansion of both the equity as well as the NFOs, largely brought equity by us. And 
hence the basis points was higher. 

 
 
KFin Technologies Limited
 
October 29, 2024 
Page 16 of 20 
 
 
Second, the demographics of our clients, if you see, we have barring a few large asset 
management companies, majority of the clients we service are medium-to-large asset 
management companies. And hence, they are not at a very high tiered AUM, which means the 
yield compression typically happens. 
 
So I guess the point I'm trying to make is, it matters not just your AUM growing, but as to which 
AMC is growing to contribute to that, right? That has a material impact on the overall yield. So 
combination of these two factors, right, has helped us to have a yield expansion in the previous 
quarter. 
Pranuj: 
And second one, just, issuer solutions are starting to do really well. So could you just quantify 
what is the proportion of folio-based revenues and that particular annuity-based revenue? Like 
how often do you have contract renegotiations and what could be the growth on a per folio basis 
revenue we could see over there? 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
A total folio-based revenue for issuer solutions for us is near about 75% of the total revenue pool 
coming from issuers. 
Pranuj: 
That's in this quarter? 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
No, that's typically the range. I'm just giving the share of the pie of the issuer services. 75% 
comes from the annuity services in the form of folio, 15% in the form of corporate actions, which 
are basically the dividend declarations and buybacks and mergers and demergers, rights issues, 
so on and so forth. 
 
And another 10% through corporate events, basically conducting Annual General Meetings, e-
voting, resolution processes, so on and so forth. That's the profile of this. 10.5, roughly about 11 
point sorry about 1.15 crores investors or rather folios have been added in the previous quarter. 
Now, all of that is pure annuity revenue model, right? And those are all folio-based 
conversations. And obviously, they are all on the back of a series of clients. 
And those series of clients, should they go on to have more corporate actions, obviously, it will 
impact the other 15% and 10% of the revenue pie as well. Our contracts in issuer solutions are 
a bit like our international contracts. These are not telescopic pricing, so on and so forth. They 
usually have a COLA clause, three-year contracts, and we usually tend to have a price escalation. 
You know, we are successful in about 20% to 25% of the cases we pursue. Not every case, you 
know, we do. 
And hence, there is no compression at a folio price as against an expansion at a per unit folio 
price and the number of folios expanding and the number of companies expanding that A into B 
into C math is one of the reasons why that corporate solutions, co-issuer solutions has been 
growing. 
I've also mentioned that it was a bit of a neglected business, maybe about seven, eight years back 
and too much focus on mutual funds. And as we've started creating compelling value 
propositions, it helped us to drive significant value-added solutions.  

 
 
KFin Technologies Limited
 
October 29, 2024 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Our VAS revenue also as part of the coming from issuer solutions. We launched country's first 
insider trading platform directly latching onto the depository ecosystem. And we created ESOP 
administration service. 
So there's a lot of work we are doing beyond just the folio-based servicing in this space. So yes, 
so broadly, expansion of number of folios, number of companies and the unit price, all possible 
in this business and has been happening for a fair bit of time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi Bank. Please go 
ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Hi, good morning, sir. So just a few questions. First, the data keeping question, if you can break 
your investor, international and other investor solutions business between core international and 
domestic AIF and alternates. 
And second is on the data keeping question would be on the GBS side, you had earlier mentioned 
that your revenues would probably stabilize at the current level, but we see a dip. So if you can 
explain that? So those are the two data keeping questions. 
One or two small questions, which is in the alternate business, whenever you add any new client, 
is there a sort of a one-off income that you book? I mean, the yields have been kind of the 
realizations have been going up. So just wanted to get some sense on what is really driving that. 
And finally, on the international if you can break it up between flows and mark to market, even 
for 1H or FY’2024. 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
Could you repeat your questions? The questions were not very clear. I'll answer the ones that 
were clear to me, and I'll probably request you to ask the others. Right. I mean, so I think there 
was a question on alternatives. And if there is a one-time episodical revenue that comes that 
helps us in terms of a rise in the yield or revenue that you see in alternatives. The answer is no. 
It's in fact the opposite. 
 
We know when a new alternative investment fund is set up, we have set up costs, both in terms 
of instance creation for which we'll have to pay monies to AWS and other licenses. And till such 
time, the fund is not live, and the capital has been drawn. Our revenue actually does not even 
kick in. 
So on the contrary, we actually have more cost than revenue with every new fund for some 
period of time, as is the case even with mutual funds. So it's not different. And however, if you're 
seeing the rise in revenue and the yields, that's largely because of a very purposeful orchestration 
we've been doing, which is to move away from a fixed cost per scheme per month, which is what 
used to be the operating model, which is quite a regressive model, actually. 
And we have changed many of our contracts from that model into a basis points model. So what 
you're seeing actually is an expansion because of actually the nature of existing contract 
conversion, even as all new contracts are entirely based on the basis points, right, So that's for 
the alternatives. 

 
 
KFin Technologies Limited
 
October 29, 2024 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Dipanjan Ghosh:  
Okay. 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
A question on the global business solutions. Mortgage, as we all know, that business stands as 
an outlier to what otherwise is an asset management business. And that is more a liability of 
mortgage management business in the form of business process outsourcing. 
U.S. mortgages have been under significant stress and will continue to be so for a certain period 
of time. So we see this fluctuation because this is a manpower-based business, right, as the 
number of bodies required tend to fluctuate based on the businesses they secure. It goes up and 
down. 
At this moment in time, there has been a sharp decline in U.S. numbers, even as we have seen a 
sharp increase in Australia side of the same business, right? So we expect to see these numbers 
to fluctuate. And at some point, in time as an organization, we will be taking again a cautious 
and a purposeful decision in terms of our intent to stay put in a non-core business such as this. 
For now, it generates, some amount of cash as well as gives us some protection in the form of, 
you know, U.S. dollar, in the form of currency hedge, so on and so forth. So that's broadly on 
the GBS business, a business which we continue to sustain, but is not a focus area for the 
management to grow. So these two questions I've got, I have to, I'm afraid... 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Okay, I'll just go forward with just two data-giving questions. One is on the international area 
and if you can break it up between flows and mark to market, that's a for 1H. And second was 
on the international and other investor solutions, if you can break it up between 
international/other investor solutions for 2Q and 1H. 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
Okay, on the flows versus the mark-to-market gains in Asia, it's nearly 100% thanks to flows. 
Okay, mark-to-market gains had been tepid to negative. And in fact, the flows too were not very 
large. The revenue growth was on the back of new clients going live, right 
So I guess what I'm trying to say is that the tailwinds that we had in India, we've been having, 
which is both an increase in the net flows and a mark-to-market. We didn't have that luxury in 
both of those metrics in Asia. Right, for a bunch of quarters in the recent past simply because 
the markets haven't grown and neither had the AUMs. 
But we started seeing that trend turn, late August, early September onwards, and we are clocking 
both net flow increases, which we are witnessing both in the form of AUM growth and the 
transaction volume growth, as well as mark-to-market gains. 
For example, we've seen how Hong Kong, Hang Seng has increased. Same is the case with the 
exchanges of Thailand and Malaysia, which do have been clocking an impressive mark-to-
market gains in the recent months. So much of that advantage we hope to gain into the coming 
quarters. The breakup for... 
Just give me a moment, please. Yes Amit, could you take that? 

 
 
KFin Technologies Limited
 
October 29, 2024 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Amit Murarka:  
Yes. So, I mean, the international business, is close to INR23 odd crores for the first half. My 
AIF business would also be close to around INR23 odd crores. And then NPS is close to around 
INR5 odd crores, and the balance is another INR6 odd crores, which is, you know, the Webile. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. Okay, sure. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The last question is from the line of Uday Pai from Invester Capital Services. Please 
go ahead. 
Uday Pai: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. Just wanted your thought process on starting the KRA 
business and what are the rights to win in that business, given that two large depository and our 
competitor is already in that business. So, some color on that. 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
Yes, great question. Thank you. So, it stems from the fact that today the capital markets has 
about roughly 9 crores odd, investors in the secondary market and about 3.8 in mutual funds. 
And we believe that this number will easily quadruple in the next 8 to 10 years. So, getting to 
about 40 to 50 crores, which, means that there is a lot of addressable market that still needs to 
be served every single year, near about a crores Indian youngsters turn minor to major. 
And as all of that happens, they become investment ready and they need KYC solutions or rather 
identity solutions, so to speak. So, there is a lot of market that needs to begin. And of course, 
given that we have 62% plus of asset management companies as our clients and near about 50% 
of primary and secondary market investors because we are the only RTA who operates both in 
the equity bond and in the mutual funds and the alternatives market. 
Our target investor base is substantively higher than all others. And we also believe that from a 
solutioning standpoint, I think KYC end of the day is broadly taking care of your proof of address 
and identity. But as with every business that we have moved in, whether it is alternatives or 
wealth or international, we put tech and transformation first and we have firm reasons to believe 
that the current solutions are continuing to be suboptimal in terms of addressing the needs of 
both the distributor asset manager and the investor. 
So, our bent of mind as we, hope to secure the approvals from the regulator and we are all 
building the platform as we speak is that we will be launching a materially different KYC 
solution in the industry. 
And hence, so we are looking at both addressable market, which is still very, very large and that 
can be tapped into, two, a significant amount of client base who are already KFintech’s client, 
both in the form of alternatives, mutual funds and in the primary markets and the security 
markets will be a definitive advantage to us. 
Remember that the other KRAs are not in both of them simultaneously. And three, as I said, our 
solution, I can't speak more about it at this point in time but will be materially different and a 
significant cornerstone in the identity management of the industry. 
Uday Pai: 
Sure, sir. Thank you for that elaborate answer. 

 
 
KFin Technologies Limited
 
October 29, 2024 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. In the interest of time, this was the last question for today's conference call. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Devesh Agarwal from IFL Securities. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
I thank the KFin management for giving us an opportunity to host today’s call. Before we 
conclude, may I ask Vivek to add any closing remarks? 
Vivek Mathur: 
Thank you, Devesh. I think we have covered it all. We continue to maintain focus in terms of 
our growth trajectory, both in India and overseas market and trying to de-risk the domestic 
business by expansion in the international market. 
Again the in-principle approval given by RBI for setting up subsidiary in Thailand is a step in 
that direction. And we will look forward to expanding beyond Thailand as we look upon the 
international business more closely. We'll continue to maintain traction in terms of growth in the 
domestic mutual fund business in parallel. 
And we are cognizant of the mark-to-market gains that we are having while the core inflows 
remain intact. There are always five or six AMCs who underperform in terms of net inflows in 
the large set of AMCs that we service. So, as a cycle, it makes up over a period of time. 
And we therefore remain buoyant that the core businesses of issuer solutions, domestic mutual 
fund business will continue to grow in the mid-teens on a sustainable basis, while international 
operations, AIF, fund accounting will continue to outgrow this growth. And overall, you know, 
we'll be able to manage our cost in terms of nimbleness to the need of the market. 
Thank you so much for joining today. And we look forward to engagement in future. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Thank you Vivek. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today and wish everyone a very 
Happy Diwali. Shlok, you may now conclude the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, everyone. On behalf of IIFL Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
