SIMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS — 
SAMHI Hotels Ltd. 
Correspondence 
SAMHI 
Lid 
Tel: +91 124 4910100 
Fax 
44910199 
wwiw sambi.coin 
14™ October 2024 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Maharashtra, India 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543984 
Scrip Code: SAMHI 
Sub: 
Transcript of Business Update Call 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Business Update Call held on Monday, 07% 
October 2024 at 11:45 a.m. (IST) to discuss the Acquisition of Innmar Tourism and 
Hotels Private Limited (“ITHPL”). 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your records. 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
For SAMHI Hotels Limited 
Sanjay Jain 
Senior Director- Corporate Affairs, 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl.: 4s above
SANJAY 
JAIN
Digitally signed by 
SANJAY JAIN 
Date: 2024.10.14 
17:54:28 +05'30'

SAMHI 
——SALART HOTEL INVESTMENTS== 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
Business Update Conference Call 
October 07, 2024 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 7% October 2024 will prevail. 
*0e 
SAMH 
KT HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ASHISH JAKHANWALA — CHAIRMAN, MD & CEO 
MR. RAJAT MEHRA — CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. GYANADAS—EVP, HEAD OF INVESTMENTS 
MR. NAKUL MANAKTALA — VICE PRESIDENT, INVESTMENTS 
Page 1 of 13

Moderator: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 07, 2024 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the SAMHI Hotels Limited Business Update 
Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company which 
are based on the belicfs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. 
These statements 
are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertaintics that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant line will be in listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. Participants are requested to limit their 
questions regarding the business update only. Any other business-related questions shall be 
answered dusing the Q2 FY'25 Earnings Call. 
Inow hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish Jakhanwala. Thank you and over to you, sir 
Thank you so much. Good morning, everybody. This call is with respect to the acquisition that 
we had announced on the Friday. I have with me on this call my colleagues, Rajat, who is the 
CFO, Gyana, who is EVP, we've got Nakul and of course the team ffom SGA. 
Il take a one-minute summary of the transaction and then we'll leave the floor open for Q&A. 
So, as on Friday, we announced the completion of exccution of the Share Purchase Agreement 
for 100% acquisition of Innmar Tourism and Hotels Private Limited. This company owns and 
operates a 142-room hotel in the heart of Whitefield, Bangalore, which as we all know is one of 
the key commercial markets in India. There is fuuther expansion opportunity and we plan to add 
a second hotel with about 200 to 220 rooms and therefore the total inventory of the complex will 
20 up to 340 to 360 rooms in the upscale and the upper upscale segment. 
We've always liked the demand-supply situation in the large office markets and with this 
acquisition, we strengthened our market share in Bangalore, which as we know is India's largest 
and fastest-growing office market. We already own and operate six hotels with about 900 rooms 
in Bangalore across segments and with the completion of this acquisition, we'll add another 142 
rooms on an immediate basis with another 200 rooms being added over a period of time. We arc 
in advanced discussion with an international operator so that these hotels can be managed under 
upper upscale and upscale brands. 
We have scen strong performance of our hotels in the upper upscale and upscale segment and 
thercfore the 340 to 360-room complex in Whitefield will significantly augment the same store 
growth of our existing portfolio once the renovation and the proposed expansion is completed. 
This will also be the second twin-hotel complex which is owned by SAMHI, the first one being 
the 336-room Courtyard by Marriott and Fairfield by Marriott in Outer Ring Road, Bangalore, 
which has been a resounding success. That's the summary of the transaction. 
Tl now pause and open the floor for questions. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Nirvana Laba from Badrinath Holdings. Please go ahead. 
Page 2 of 13

Nirvana Laha: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Nirvana Laha: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Nirvana Laha: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 07, 2024 
Hi, Ashish. Good morning. Congratulations on the acquisition. My first question is that this new 
hotel appears to have been owned by the ITC group. Can you confirm that? Therefore, my 
question would be, normally we turn around properties which are owned by a single owner or 
something like that. What gives us the confidence that the property that ITC was operating, we 
would be able to improve the metrics? 
Thank you so much for the question, Nirva. Just to clarify, the hotel was not owned by ITC. It 
was owned by individual investors. It was operated by ITC till 31st March 2024 under a 
‘management contract. We remain fairly confident about the upside and there are very specific 
data points which gives us that confidence. 
Number one is the inherent quality of the product. We are buying something where there is a 
28-square-meter room. There are four restaurants. There is over 10,000 square fect of meeting 
and functions space. This sort of a product configuation in the Whitefield micro-market is 
currently doing 
a RevPAR of about INR6,500. This hotel's reported RevPAR was about 
INR3,500. 
‘With the improvement in the product, putting a strong brand with good distribution in place, we 
are very confident that this hotel will be able to achicve a fair share in terms of RevPAR. As 
said carlicr, it was reported to be about INR6,500. But it docs entail us improving the product 
and also partnering with a strong brand to make sure that the distribution and the loyalty 
programs are strong. 
Got it, Ashish. In terms of improving the product, do you already have a renovation capex figure 
in mind that would be needed? And sccond, this tic-up with the international brand. When do 
you envisage this hotel to start operating? 
Three scparate questions. Just in terms of timelines and status, the hotel actually is operating. 
‘We bought an operating hotel. We continue to keep it operating. The renovation of the cxisting 
hotel will stat around March of 2025. It does not warrant or require a full shutdown. So, we can 
continue to operate the hotel while it is undergoing renovations. That's part one. 
Part two is in terms of the completion timelines, we expect that renovation to be completed by 
quarter four of FY'26 or quarter one of FY27. Subsequently, this hotel s prepared to be 
completely repositioned in the upscale space. 
Trwo, we are, as I mentioned carlicr, in a fairly advanced discussion with an international 
operator. We have a non-binding agreement signed. I think over the next 45 days; we should be 
able to confirm that as we get the definitive agreements concluded. 
In terms of capital expenditurc on the existing 142-room hotels, we are currently cstimating the 
total capital expendifure to be in the range of about INR 70 crores for renovation and rebranding. 
Got it, Ashish. And if I may, last couple of questions on the deleveraging. So, in the last call, 
you had said that organic growth capex this year would be around INR140 crores, Now we have 
acquired this asset for around INR20S crores. And our inferest pay-out for the year is likely to 
be also around INR200 crores. So, I'm just summing up all the outflows. So that looks like in 
Page 3 of 13

Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Nirvana Laha: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 07, 2024 
the range of INRS50 crores. And our operating cash flows, if we go by history, should 
be around 
INR400 crores-INR420 crores. So is the net deb, therefore, this year going to increase by about 
INRI50 crores? 
No, so I'll tell you. Our gross debt was about INR 2,160 crores. We had a total cash and cash 
cquivalent of about INR 400 crores. So that gave us a net debt of INR 1,860 crores, which is the 
last repotted numbers. Just to clarify, the INR 150 crores investment that we had mentioned on 
cxisting improvements, innovations, rebranding is actually for over a period of about two, two 
and a half years. So yes, that's not for the current year. 
In the current year, actually, that number is substantially lower because a significant part of that 
is going in the conversion of Four Points, Pun to Coustyard Punc and conversion of Four Points, 
Taipur into a part of the Tribute Collection Hotel, which really is deferred towards FY'26 and 
Taipur may go into first quarter of FY'27 also, right. 
So, for the current fiscal year, we have a much lower capital expenditure as far as the existing 
portfolio is concerned, including the acquisition that we made on the Friday. We expect our total 
capex to be in the zip code of about INR 300-0dd crores, about INR 290 crores to INR 300 
crores, of which our cash balance was about INR 400 crores, and we expect to gencrate an 
operating cash, as you said, of about - the free cash, post-interest servicing, to be in the zip code 
of INR 225 crores to INR 250 crores for the full year. 
So, if you take that, we will have about INR 600 crores, INR 650 crores of capital available, of 
which INR200 crores has been directed towards this acquisition. Additionally, INR 100 crores 
will be dirccted towards other material renovation and rebranding, and we'll still maintain a fairly 
reasonable level of liquidity in the business. And in terms of net debt, of course, because the 
cash is being used for acquisition, you will sce there is no change in the gross debt, but in terms 
of net debt, the net debt will, in the short term, increase by the extent we use the cash, which is 
INR 205 crores. 
Sure. And in the quarter before that, you had said that your FY'25 goal for the net debt to 
EBITDA was about 3.5x, which now looks extremely unlikely. So, would you like to revise that 
guidance? 
So, I'l tell you. So, if you look at the impact of the acquisition on net debt to EBITDA without 
really allocating any capital towards the acquisition, itll be - we had 4.9x end of FY'24. We 
would be still materially etter than that. We should be in the zip code of about 4.4-0dd times 
net debt to EBITDA if we account for the INR 205 crores we spent on the acquisition. We are, 
as we've discussed on the last call, we had mentioned that we're looking at certain capital 
recycling opportunities. 
Again, we had said we can't promise them because the sceondary markets in India takes time for 
assets to be recycled. But as we conclude that asset recycling, we expect to generate almost 
cquivalent to the size of the acquisition that we've made, right, but much higher EBITDA. 
potential from the assct that we bought than what we're trying to recycle. So, with the asset 
recycling concluded, we should be able to be in the zip code of, I would think about 3.6x, 3.7x, 
Page 4 of 13

Nirvana Laha: 
Moderator: 
Karan Khanna: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Karan Khanna: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Karan Khanna: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 07, 2024 
which is slightly higher than 3.5x. Without completion of the asset reeycling, we should be in 
the zip code of about 4.4x. 
Got it, Ashish. T1l come back in the queue. Thank you so much. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan Khanna from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Yes, hi, thanks. Ashish, just a couple of questions. Firstly, if you can talk more about the 
‘Whiteficld micro market where there's about 3,000 rooms currently under supply. What's the 
kind of supply that you're expecting in the next thre to five years across mid-scale, upscale, and 
upper upscale? 
So, Karan, Whiteficld is a market, you know, it' one of the large office markets, as you know. 
In terms of new supply, what we are secing in Whitcficld is a significant re-rating of the market 
because of the rebranding. So, we are actually expecting two or three hotels to go through some 
rebranding. Over the current 2,900 rooms, we expect the supply CAGR to be at about 5% to 6% 
over the next fourto five years. That's the data that we have as far as the new supply is concerned 
of hotel rooms in the Whitefield market. 
Sure. And just a follow-up on, while you did comment on the existing hotel, but the greenficld 
development, what are the kind of capex and timelines that you have in mind for that? 
So, Karan, in terms of the capex on adding 220 -- right now we are estimating about 200 to 220 
rooms. And basically, it's the fact that we're going to position that in the upper upscale. The 
capex for that will be in the zip code of about INR 270 cr 
expect to start the work, 
I would say, same time next year because our foeus is to renovate the 
s for that addition. Timeline, we 
existing hotel. And of course, we need approval for the addition of the block. So, we expect o 
start the work same time next year. And I think it's safe to assume that 30 months is the cycle 
subsequent to that. 
Sure. And lastly, if you were to think about both the renovated hotel and the Greenficld hotel 
that you'll be constructing, s it safc to say that the margin profile for this hotel will possibly be 
higher than your current margins of about 35% to 40% range? 
So, we have a real good proxy here. We have a 336-room Courtyard by Marriott and Fairficld 
by Marriott twin hotel complex in Outer Ring Road, Bangalore. The average rate for that blended 
two brands is about INR 13,000. We do an EBITDA of about 70. The TTM EBITDA would be 
in the range of about INR 75 crores. The margins in this hotel are very, very strong. It's about 
51%. The Whitefield market, we acknowledge, is a slight discount to Outer Ring Road. Outer 
Ring Road is a far healthicr market as of today. 
But with the supply situation stabilizing, the better metro connectivity that Whiteficld has, by 
the time our hotel is fully renovated and by the time the new hotel block is added, all we're 
expecting is that Whiteficld will start getting to the same spot as where Outer Ring Road is, in 
which case the margins will be pretty healthy and so would be the potential EBITDA that this 
hotel can create. 
Page 5 of 13

Karan Khanna: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Karan Khanna: 
Moderator: 
Tarang; 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 07, 2024 
And lastly, the F&B and the MICE opportunity in these hotels, will there be a better opportunity 
versus the existing portfolio? 
Absolutely. So, we are inheriting four restaurants and about 10,000 to 12,000 square feet of 
cxisting mesting space. Of those four restaurants, actually three were shut, So, the performance 
of the hotel was cbiously severely compromised because of that. We are obviously going to 
rejuvenate the entire food and beverage working alongside the operator. So, the cxisting hotel 
will end up having at least thres, if not four. F&B outlets, we will keep the 10,000 to 12,000 
square feet of mecting space. 
Andas when we add the new hotel, that itself will have at least two F&B outlets plus incremental 
mecting space. So, we will be able to create the right pivots for large mectings and centres, given 
the amount of meeting space we'll have actoss the two propertics, and also the number of F&B 
offerings. So, you're absolutely right. 
The proportion of food and beverage income to the total revenue in this hotel will be in excess 
of what we see as an average for our upscale portfolio. 
Great. Thanks, Ashish, I'l come back in the queve. 
Thank you. The next question is ffom the line of Tarang from Old Bridge Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Just wanted to check a couple of things. In your presentation, you highlighted Sheraton, Vivanta, 
and the likes. Whereas, gencrally, SAMHI has been in collaboration with brands such as 
Fairficld and likes. Now, there is a Fairfield which is about a kilometre away. I'm not sure ifit's 
managed by SAMHL but the ARRs for that property versus the ARRS for the property that have 
been highlighted in your presentation are significantly different. 
So, I just wanted to get a sense, are you potentially looking at a different collaboration this time 
around with maybe a nuch more premium name? And second, the Fairficld at Whiteficld, is it 
managed by you o is it not managed by you? Because my sense was, it was I think Argon was 
the entity which is managing that hotel. 
So, Tarang, just to clarify, you're absolutely right. The Fairfield by Marriott at Whitcfield is 
owned by us. And you're right, it docs an average rate of about 5500, let's say, plus minus. So, 
that's actually a very interesting reference point that is worth discussing. So, the Fairficld by 
Marriott is a 19-squarc-meter room, one all-day dining, and small mecting spaces. And with that 
product, it drives a rate of, if you see Q1 numbers, it was INR 5,600 ARR with an occupancy of 
79.4%, so pretty strong. The existing hotel that we have here has a room size of 29-square-meter 
with, as T said, four F&B plus 12,000. 
So, this hotel will be positioned in the upscale segment. Fairfield is in the mid-scale segment. 
And thercfore, there's a complete segment difference between the two hotels. And given how 
well we are doing in the Fairfield by Marriott Whiteficld; we are actually fairly stoked and 
confident about how we will be able to position this hotel in a higher category. Now, of course, 
we have not been able to share today because of there not being definitive agreements, the name 
Page 6 of 13

Tarang: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
Ayush: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Ayush: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Ayush: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Ayush: 
Moderator: 
Nirvana Laha: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 07, 2024 
of the operator and the brand, but we can clearly, with confidence, confirm that it will be branded 
in the upscale space with an interational operator. 
Just to further highlight, we also have a Holiday Inn Express in Whitcfield, right. Which is a 14- 
square-meter room. And even that hotel does extremely well with literally no food and beverage. 
So, this is a market we, as I think we have mentioned carlicr, we are tracking about 45 micro- 
markets across India. These are micro-markets which have a very large density of office space, 
continue to grow rapidly every year. And we belicve in cach of these micro-markets over the 
nextmany years, we should be able to kind of put price owrsclves into upscale, upper-mid-scale, 
and mid-scale. 
In Whitefield, we have the mid-scale presence in Holiday Inn Express, which was originally 160 
rooms, it is now going to about 200, 210 rooms. We have the Fairficld by Marriott, which is a 
smaller hotel. With this, we will have presence in the upscale and the upper-upscale. So, with 
this, we would have completed all the three boxes in one of the key micro-markets in India. 
Sorty. Go ahead for your next question. 
No, I think once we get to hear a little more about the deal, I think it will be logical for me to 
ask the next sct of questions. But for the time being, this is good and thank you. Al the best. 
Thank you, Tarang. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line Ayush from Manyavar Family office. Please go 
ahead. 
Most of my questions have been answered. Just one question. Current RevPAR for the current 
quatter is 3,250, right? 
That's right. 
And you're targeting it for approx. 6,300, right? 
That's right, Ayush. 
And what would be the occupancy of the current hotel? 
62%. 
Okay. Perfect. Okay. Thank you. 
Thak you. The next question is from the line of Dhairya Trivedi from DIT Investments. Please 
g0 ahead. Mr. Dhairya, I would request you to unmute your line and speak, please. Due to no 
response from the current participant, we will move on to the next participant. The next question 
is from the line of Nirvana Laha from Badrinath Holdings. Please go ahead. 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity again. Ashish, there was a note put out to Exchanges which said 
that SAMEHI had put up corporate guarantees worth INR380 crores in favour of SAMHI 
Page 7 of 13

Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Nirvana Laha: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rajat Mehra: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rajat Mehra: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
Dhairya Trivedi: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Dhairya Trivedi: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Dhairya Trivedi: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 07, 2024 
Abmedabad. So, if you could explain what this is for. Is SAMHI Ahmedabad taking any fresh 
loans? 
No. So, it's actually an interesting question. We have an existing facility in SAMHI Ahmedabad 
which is for Sheraton, Hyderabad. The hotel is Sheraton, Hyderabad. The entity is SAMHI 
Ahmedabad. It had issued NCDs to a lender for an amount of INR 380 crores prior to the IPO. 
The NCD was for a period of four years. It carried cffectively - the cffective interest rate was 
about 13.5% because it was done prior to our offering. 
‘We have refinanced that particular facility, the entire facility we're refinancing of INR 380 crores 
and the revised pricing will be 9.3%. And the temure will be 15 years. So, its not anew, okay, 
it's net debt neutral because we ar refinancing an existing facility and materially reducing the 
cost of interest from 13.5% to 9.3%. 
Okay. Fantastic. So, the 5% delta on INR380 crores will show up in a reduction in our interest 
cost, right? Going forward? 
It will show starting this quarter because, and Rajat, you can confirm to me when is the 
disbursement happening? 
So, Ashish, part of the disbursement is happening today, tomorrow, which is about INR 155 
crores and the balance disbursement will happen by the end of this month when the make-whole 
period for the existing NCD holders expires. 
Yes. So, with that, you will actually start sceing impact of this in our financial starting quarter 
three itsclf. 
Sure. Very clear. Thank you, Ashish. That's all. All the best. 
Thank you. Thank you, Nirvana. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhairya Trived; from DIT Investments. Please 
g0 ahead. Mr. Dhairya, 
I would request you to unmute your line and speak, please. 
Yes. Hi. So, thanks for taking my question. Now, my first question s, do these 140 rooms start 
contributing to the top line immediately from Q3? 
That's right. 
Okay. Understood. And till the time we finalize. .. 
Both top linc and bottom linc, this hotel is profitable. It not as profitable as we would eventually 
make it to be, but we are acquiring a hotel which has a running revenue and profits. And because 
this hotel itself has no debt and no debt has been sccured for this acquisition. It actually has only 
a positive benefit to our entire channel. Not obiously meaningful, but just directionally. 
Right. And till the time you finalize the agreement with the operator, docs the hotel continue to 
operate under the same brand name? 
Page 8 of 13

AT HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Dhairya Trivedi: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Dhairya Trivedi: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Dhairya Trivedi: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Dhairya Trivedi: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 07, 2024 
That's right. It will continue to be operating as Trinity Hotel Bengaluru Whitcfield. We arc in 
discussions with the operators to ensure, just as we had done in ACIC, that even prior to the 
renovation and rebranding, our cffort, and we cannot make any promises toward that, but our 
cffort is that this hotel start bencfiting from an operators sales and marketing and distribution 
support. And as that comes, we'll obviously sce improvement in the performance of this hotel, 
even prior to the undertaking the renovation and rebranding. And of course, subsequernt to that, 
we see a material change. 
Right. So, the renovation, you said, starts 12 months from now, right? 
No, it starts in March 2025, so about six months from now. 
Okay. And what will be the total timeline for these 220 rooms plus the 140-room renovation? 
Fair to say roughly three years from today? 
So, two stages or two phases. In the first phase you will sce the renovation being completed. 
And as T said, that should get completed by quarter 4 of FY'26 or quarter 1 of FY'27. That's the 
completion of the 142-room renovation and rebranding. And the completion of the additional - 
the commencement of the work on the additional hotel will start same time next year we would 
say, end of quarter 2, starting of quarter 3 FY'26. And as I said, we should take about I would 
think 28 months to 30 months for completion of that particular hotel. 
Okay understood. And sir just to understand why has there been no growth in the top line of this 
hotel for the last 2 years? I I sce the revenue mmbers for FY'23 and 24 both are stagnant at 
roughly INR24-0dd crores when the industry itsclf has done so well. So, any qualitative 
comments regarding that? 
Well, first of all it was 
- the asset was cffectively being held for sale. We had initiated the 
dialogue almost about 7 months, 8 months back and any asset which is being held for sale by 
any owner will tend to often not fight for market share because it's being transacted. Two, I think 
there is a component of the product. This hotel is very well maintained, its in good condition, 
good working condition. 
But the product is a little outdated relative to what has happened to the Whitefield market and 
we have scen very good, solid branded hotels come into the Bangalore Whitefield market. You 
have the Marriott, you have the Taj Vivanta, you have the Sheraton Grand, you have the Den, 
youhave the Hilton, you have our Fairficld. So, it's a market where over the last few years, we've 
seen material improvement in the product and the brand. 
And therefore, this hotel's ability to fight for its market share was obviously limited. It's classic 
turnarounds that we've seen over the last decade. None of this surprises us. It just gives us the 
confidence that the upside is imminent because we're not really, we're not foreed to underwrite 
where Whitcfield market is headed. All we're underwriting is that post-completion of the 
renovation rebranding, we should get the fair share of what the market has delivered in the last 
12 months. 
And if you can please reiterate your net debt guidance for FY'25? 
Page 9 of 13

Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Dhairya Trivedi: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Dhairya Trivedi: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Dhairya Trivedi: 
Moderator: 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 07, 2024 
So, let me tell the numbers again. So, on adjusting for the INR 205 crores utilization of fiec cash 
towards this acquisition, we will be ata reported net debt to EBITDA of 4.4 times. If we allocate 
the growth, the capital we have deployed towards this acquisition and sce our operating hotels, 
our net debt to EBITDA on operating hotels should be in the Zip Code of about 3.7 times which 
is very close to what we had guided for. 
Andif we are able to complete our asset recycling plan, then it should 
be in the Zip Code of 3.4x 
which is net debt to EBITDA on operating assets sctting aside INR 200 crores for the capital 
we've invested in this asset. I'm sorry, I've given you a few ratios, but that's how we look at it. 
Sorty I'was asking on the absolute number of net debt for FY'25 please? 
Absolute sorry my bad. So, the total absolute net debt will be INR 2,060 crores. 
INR2,060 crores. 
Yes. 
Okay understood. Thank you so much. All the best. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pradyumna Choudhary from JM Financials. 
Please go ahead. 
Yes, hi, Ashish. Just wanted to get your sense on a steady state basis where do you sce the 
EBITDA upon capital employed for the new - this acquisition stabilizing act, at what number? 
Sorty, EBITDA per? 
Upon capital employed. 
Total NOI yield. So, we expect the NOI yield of this assct to be in the Zip Code of about 14% 
to 15%. Largely taking the average rates delivered by the competitive hotels in the current year. 
So, we in M&A are pretty reticent to do forecasting because we have enough to deliver in any 
case on our own. So, the last thing we want is to bet something in the market. So, if we just 
freeze the average rates that the market is delivering today, this hotel, this investment is going 
to generate around 14% to 15% NOI yield, which s total EBITDA over total capital employed. 
And when would that number be possible three years from now? 
That's right. 
But like just if you look at both the hotels that we are doing like on a steady basis, so the capex 
comes out to be around INRL5 crores per room and you gave an average rate of 5500, even if 
you assume a 75% or 80% occupancy. So, the revenue per room probably would be around 20 
lakhs? 
No, so I'l tell you. Actually, there’s a very good benchmark or a proxy that we have and 'l take 
your attention back to our 336 room Courtyard and Fairficld by Marriott. And Fairfield by 
Page 10 of 13

Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 07, 2024 
Marriott is really upper mid-scale and Courtyard by Marriott is an upscale. And the room split 
is 50-50 there. That hotel currently does an average rate of about 13,000. And the EBITDA it 
delivers is about 20 lakhs to 23 lakhs per key. 
So that's the EBITDA potential of 50% mid-scale, 50% upscale. Here, we will be 100% upscale 
o upper upscale. And we're talking really 2 years, 2.5 years, 3 years from now. We actually 
expect the EBITDA per key to be pretty much in line with the numbers that we've mentioned 
right now. And with that you should be able to get to about 14% to 15% NOL yicld. 
Somy, this was for Fairfield by Marriott. 
Yes, Courtyard by Marriott and Fairficld by Mamiott in Bangalore Outer Ring Road. Thers, the 
EBITDA per key delivered in the past is 22.3 lakhs per key. 
But you said that we arc cxpecting an average rate of around 6,500 rooms for this new hotel, 
right? 
That is RevPAR. That's not average room rate. INR 6,300 is the RevPAR. And if you're 
operating at 70% occupancy, that gives you to our average room rate of about INR 9,000 on 
FY'24 basis. 
So even then, sorry to adjust.... 
No, I'll explain you. I get your dilemma. So, there are really two hotels in this that we arc 
underwriting. The first hotel, which is a renovation and rebranding, which is 142 rooms, that is 
what will 
be positioned in the RevPAR zip code of INR 6300, INR 6400, right? The 220-room 
addition, which is obviously an upper upscale hotel, will be at least a 25% premium to the rate 
that we mentioned here. So, if you go to the blended average rate for the two-hotel complex, that 
would be very different to the 6300 RevPAR that we mentioned. That's mumber one. 
Number two, as Karan had asked earlier, the ratio of food and beverage income to total income 
in this hotel is substantially different than the hotel that we were just mentioning carlicr. For six 
restaurants eventually and almost 16000, 17000 square feet of meeting space, the contribution 
of food and beverage to total revenues would be substantially higher than it is in a typical 
Courtyard and Fairficld. 
So when you put the impact of existing hotels, the rate positioning of the new hotel and the 
impact of the food and beverage that we've actually bought, because those are restaurants that 
cxist, that's what is guiding us to say that the EBITDA per key of this complex will be 
comparable to EBITDA per key of the complex that we operate in Bangalore and the difference 
between them will be about 2.5 years 3 years. That's really the growth that we are cffectively 
betting that's where Bangalore Outer Ring Road is today, Whitefield will get to being there in 
the next 2 years, 3 years. 
And just one last question was how this capex of INRL.S crores per room, how does it compare 
to our existing portfolio? What would have been the capex per room for our existing portfolio? 
Page 11 of 13

Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Moderator: 
Tarang: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Tarang: 
Moderator: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 07, 2024 
So, in the upscale space, our total capex per key will be about INR 1.2 crores per key and this 
will come out to be approximately INR 1.5 crores per key. Yes, so that's the difference. But that 
includes the averaging impact of Hyatt Place, Gurgaon. But if you look at the other hotels, 
slightly higher. So INR 1.2 crores versus INR 1.5 crores. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. The last question is from the lin of Tarang from Old Bridge Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Hi, just wanted to nibble down on the INR 70 crores refurbishment expenditure. The fact that 
the hotelis ina decent condition, what would 
be the nature of this INR70 crores outlay? Because 
it adds up to about 50 lakh per key? 
Yes, so Tarang, what we are contemplating is restarting the three restaurants which are shut right 
now. We are looking at a 
full soft refurb of the guest rooms, all the 142 rooms. We will 
undertake, of course, material changes to the IT infrastructure of the hotel because it needs to be 
connected to an intemational operators network. 
Tt will include investment in MEP which will obviously bring cost benefit in terms of improving 
cfficiency and significant improvement in the public spaces which is ballroom and the restaurant. 
So, these are -- 
I would say towards more conservative. Conservative in capex means you are 
kind of putting more contingencics on top of it 
So, we are carrying a 15% contingency in the number that we are telling you. But itis effectively 
a full repositioning the hotel, almost a segment and a half up. It's about INR 5000 a square foot 
of the builtup arca, which is the right spend on some MEP and FF&E. So often this spend is 
better understood on a per square foot basis, because the nature of the food and beverage in the 
public arcas keep changing. So here it will tur out to be about INR 5000 per square foot of 
renovation expense. 
Thanks. 
Thank you. Ladics and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. 
I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Thank you so much for taking out time at short notice. I will reiterate that our excitement about 
this opportunity. We have in the past guided towards an inventory growth of 10% to 15% 
anmualised. This particular opportunity, obviously secures a large part of that growth for the next 
2 years. 
‘What is also material as a note is that all of this inventory is coming into our upper upscale and 
upscale segment where the revenue per key is almost at 2x of our portfolio average. So, this 340 
roomto 360 room addition, will have a significant impact on both the top line and on the bottom 
line. 
Page 12 of 13

SAMHI 
AT HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Moderator: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 07, 2024 
Not to miss the fact that we expect to drive significant scale economics, because this will be our 
7th hotel in Bangalore and once we complete the second hotel that would be the 8th hotel in 
Bangalore. So, we would have made sure that we have the large presence in our city and sealc 
ceonomies will not just benefit this particular hotel, but will also benfit our existing portfolio 
in terms of allocating some overheads across more rooms than exist today. 
So, we remain very upbeat and excited about this opportunity. Thank you so rmuch for your time 
and we'll keep you updated as we confirm the brand partnerships and renovation programs here. 
On behalf 
of SAMHI Hotels Limited, we conclude this conference. Thank you for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lincs. 
Page 13 of 13
