 
KEYSTONE REALTORS LIMITED  
 
 Registered Office : 702, NATRAJ, M. V. Road Junction, Western Express Highway, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 069. 
Tel.: +91 22 6676 6888  |  CIN : L45200MH1995PLC094208 |  Website: www.rustomjee.com 
 
Date: November 14, 2024 
 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Script Code: 543669 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex Bandra (East) 
Mumbai-400051 
Script Code: RUSTOMJEE 
 
Sub: Q2 FY24 - Earnings call Transcript 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
We are enclosing herewith a copy of the transcript of the Company’s earnings conference 
call which was held on November 11, 2024 with respect to un-audited Financial Results 
with limited review for quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024. The transcript 
is also being uploaded on the Company’s website i.e. www.rustomjee.com under the 
Investors section. 
 
This is for the information of your members, and all concerned. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully,   
 
For Keystone Realtors Limited 
 
 
 
Bimal K Nanda 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ACS – 11578  
 
Encl.: As above 
BIMAL 
KISHORE 
NANDA
Digitally signed by 
BIMAL KISHORE 
NANDA 
Date: 2024.11.14 
18:42:19 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Keystone Realtors Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BOMAN IRANI - CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, KEYSTONE REALTORS LIMITED 
MR. CHANDRESH MEHTA - PROMOTER DIRECTOR, 
KEYSTONE REALTORS LIMITED 
MR. PERCY CHOWDHRY – PROMOTER DIRECTOR, 
KEYSTONE REALTORS LIMITED 
MR. SAJAL GUPTA - GROUP CFO, KEYSTONE 
REALTORS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
PRITESH SHETH – AXIS CAPITAL 

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Keystone Realtors Limited Q2 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pritesh Sheth. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Thank you, Joshua, and welcome everyone to the conference call. Apologies for the delay. 
We have with us the Senior Management from Keystone Realtors or Rustomjee Group. The 
management team is headed by Chairman & Managing Director – Mr. Boman Irani. We also 
have the Promoter Directors – Mr. Chandresh Mehta and Mr. Percy Chowdhry; Mr. Sajal Gupta 
– the Group CFO is also present. 
So, without much ado, I will hand over the call to Mr. Boman for his “Initial Comments.” Thank 
you. Over to you, sir. 
Boman Irani: 
Good evening, everybody. A very happy Diwali and a Happy New Year. May the coming year 
be great for everybody. I welcome you to our Q2 FY25 Earnings Call Today. I am Boman Irani 
– Chairman & Managing Director of Keystone Realtors Limited. I extend my heartfelt gratitude 
to all of you for joining us. 
I am excited to share our remarkable achievements for the second quarter of FY25, showcasing 
our continued growth and commitment to excellence. We are thrilled to report a presale of Rs. 
700 crores in Q2 FY25. This is more than double of the Rs. 306 crores of Q2 FY24. That is a 
phenomenal growth of 129% year-on-year to be precise. In the first half of FY25, our pre-sales 
has reached Rs. 1,311 crores, up from Rs. 807 crores in the corresponding period last year, 
making a robust 62% growth on a half-yearly basis. Pre-sales is more than doubled on year-on-
year basis, driven by increased sales volume as well as a jump in the per square feet rate of Rs. 
17,926 to Rs. 18,685. 
The performance underscores the strong demand for our offerings and our ability to meet the 
market needs effectively. This impressive performance is a testament to our strategic vision and 
reflects the unwavering trust our customers place on us. This signifies the strength of our brand. 
Our collections remain steady at Rs. 552 crores in the Q2 FY25 and Rs. 1,037 crores in the first 
half of FY25 resulting into a collection efficiency of about 80%. This is in spite of the increased 
pace of our new launches. We are confident of our strategy to further enhance collection 
efficiency and demonstrate our ability to generate strong cash flows. We successfully have 
launched three new projects in Q2FY25, Verdant Vistas A&B Wings, which is in Urbania, our 
Thane project, and Belle Vie which is a whole new area where Rustomjee has got into plotted 

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
developments in Kasara. These projects encompass a total sale area of 2.49 million square feet. 
And the estimated GDP of these projects is Rs. 2,040 crores. This brings us to the total launches 
of five projects in half year, FY25, and the estimated GDP of these launches is Rs. 4,057 crore 
We have launched two thirds of the projects in terms of GDV of the whole year guidance already. 
And we are only talking about the first half. Also, we would like to highlight that we have sold 
23% of the GDV of projects launched in Q1 FY25 and the overall average of 15% sold of the 
launches done in half year FY25. We are very confident of meeting our guidance for the entire 
year and maybe to all our good luck you will surpass it. 
Separately, as mentioned earlier, we are excited to announce our foray into the plotted 
development with our first acquisition of Kasara land, which was in the Q2 of FY25. We have 
already launched this within 15 days of the acquisition and launched it in the same quarter of the 
acquisition itself. The 88-acre land parcel in Kasara is nestled amidst scenic beauty of the 
mountains, it's a strategic addition to our portfolio, catering to the growing demand for second 
home away from the metropolitan hustle and provides all our consumers the added investable 
opportunity into land, which is one of the most important and growing segments. The Kasara 
project comprises of about 500 plots ranging from 2,000 to 7,000 square feet each, totaling 
approximately 1.5 million square feet. The project has received significant interest from 
prospective buyers and we are very enthused by the initial response, given that there's a 
tremendous amount of infrastructure growth taking place towards and beyond Kasara, this 
promises to be a great project. This venture aligns perfectly with our business model at 
Rustomjee. Plotted developments usually offer quicker cash flow cycles. They enhance 
profitability and the return ratios to the company. The first plotted development exemplifies the 
company's commitment to tap into this high demand segment, ensuring a steady and robust 
growth. 
We plan in the future to continue expanding our ability to give our consumers land through 
plotted developments and in various other micro markets in and around the MMR area itself. In 
terms of business development, Q2 FY25 has seen Rustomjee add three new projects with a 
combined GDP of Rs. 1,333 crores. Of these three, two are redevelopment projects, reinforcing 
our leadership and further solidifying our position as the prime developer of prime choice for 
redevelopment. Overall, we have added four projects in H1 FY25 with an estimated GDV of Rs. 
2,317 crores. This is about 58% of our guideline for FY25 already achieved in the first half year 
itself. 
Further, in the last 30 months, we have added about 17 projects that is averaging about two 
projects every quarter. These 17 projects have an estimated GDP of Rs. 15,300 crores. Out of 
these 14 projects are in the redevelopment space. Further, in line with our guidance, 12 of these 
17 projects lie in the mid-mass and  aspirational category that we serve. This has been as per our 
strategy.to continue our expanding in these segments which are the highest and fastest growing 
segments in real estate for the MMR region. These strategic developments reflect our 
commitment to growth and leadership in this sector. I am confident that we are well equipped to 
not only add new projects but turn them around to bring them to life quicker. The redevelopment 

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
opportunity in Mumbai is immense as we all know. And as the most preferred redevelopment 
company, we are strategically positioned to ride on the current momentum. 
With a strong balance sheet and being sufficiently well capitalized, we are fully prepared to seize 
this opportunity. Besides project additions, launches, presales, and collections, we have also 
focused a lot on the completion. I am pleased to announce that we have completed two RERA 
projects in Q2 FY25; Erika at Bandra East and Bella, the C&D Wing at Bhandup, covering a 
total construction area of 0.38 million square feet. These completions demonstrate our 
operational efficiency and dedication to delivering projects before or on time at least. 
Given our strong collections, the company has generated operating cash flows of about Rs. 269 
crores in the half year FY25. This is in spite of the enhanced space of our new launches. 
Investments in new projects in the H1 FY25 is Rs. 256 crores. This is a three-fold increase 
compared to the same period last year. With the increased spends on new projects, we're quite 
certain that we have built a robust pipeline of projects that are ready for launch. 
Moving on to the consolidated key financial numbers. The revenue for Q2 FY25 stands at Rs. 
533 crores. Total revenue is up 27% quarter-on-quarter and 8% year-on-year for the H1. 
EBITDA is up 78% quarter-on-quarter and 116% year-on-year for H1. Profit after tax has also 
taken a bump up at 157% quarter-on-quarter and 79% year-on-year in this half year. I would like 
to highlight that pre-sales are a better indicator to look at real estate and our pre-sales as informed 
earlier have doubled to Rs. 700 crores or more than double I would like to say to Rs. 700 crores 
from Rs. 306 crores in the quarter two of FY24. With respect to our liquidity, the gross debt 
stands today at Rs. 448 crores only. And the gross debt to equity ratio is 0.17 at the end of Q2 
FY25. This is absolutely as per our guidance given earlier. The net debt is at nil. In this 
connection, we are also happy to state that our credit rating is “A” with a positive outlook as 
assigned to us by ICRA.  
As we progress through Q2 of FY25, I am pleased to share significant advancement in our commitment to environmental, 
social and governance principles. We have continued our engagement with internal and external stakeholders. We carry out 
comprehensive surveys. Our dedication is further reinforced to a sustainability and inclusivity, which is the call of the day. 
Our transition to Green Tariff in Mumbai suburban project is well underway. Our proactive approach to renewable energy 
adoption during construction phases is fully going on. Additionally, we are implementing rigorous data verification and 
validation processes for all our projects. This is to align with our BRSR report commitments under Principle 6 and focusing 
on Health and Safety Principle 3.We are digitizing data input from all departments for our BRSR report, and we continue 
conducting scope three calculations for the purchase goods from our vendors and from those that provide our services further. 
We are particularly observing critical suppliers like the steel and cement suppliers to our business. As part of our sustainability 
initiatives, I am happy to state that we have initiated a near net zero project for energy, water, and waste with our first plotted 
development project, the Belle Vie in Kasara. This, as you understand, will add great pride to those that live over there. 
Moreover, we have completed our sustainability report for FY23-24 and are establishing our ESG goals across various 
functions for the future. Training sessions on IGBC green building certification are being conducted for our sales and project 
teams to enhance their understanding of the benefits and communicate these to all our customers to give them a sense of pride 

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
when they buy a Rustomjee home. Our initiatives further cement our commitment to a sustainable future and we wish to 
position Rustomjee as a leader in the responsible real estate development space.  
Very importantly, a safe working environment is always top of our mind. Our goal is clear, zero fatal accidents. We are excited 
to share that our project, Bella, has achieved 1 million safe man-hour working. Our Paramount F wing project has achieved 
0.5 million safe man-hour working. And Erika project has received an impressive 1 million safe man-hour working, all with 
no lost time injuries or fatalities touchwood without any incidents.  
Our performance in Q2 FY25 reflects our robust growth strategy, commitment to project execution and dedication to maintain 
our leadership in the market. As we continue to build on the significant momentum I am confident that we are poised for a 
strong year ahead. Our sustained and robust performance in the half year FY25 positions our company as we have mentioned 
in the past at the inflection point, marking an era of significant growth ahead. We remain committed to delivering substantial 
value to our stakeholders and positioning ourselves as the most sought after developer in the industry. 
Our commitment to excellence has been recognized and I am happy to state that we have 
received various prestigious awards, including India's Top Builders 2024 in the national category 
at the CWAB Award, Maharashtra State Best Employer Award at the 19th employer brand 
awards. Our ultra luxury project, Rustomjee Ocean Vista has been awarded the ultra-luxury 
project of the year at the reality plus excellence awards. We have been celebrated for building 
the skyscraper of the year and accolade for our Rustomjee crown. Lastly, we were also 
recognized with the transformation excellence award for our project at Bandra East by the Times 
Redevelopment Award. All these are important because they continue to point that Rustomjee 
is moving in the right direction on so many fronts which is so, so important for us as a real estate 
developer. I am happy to state that these awards are all part of our team's efforts, and I hand over 
all these awards to our team's dedication and ability and we wish to continue setting new 
benchmarks in the real estate sector. 
As we move forward, once again, I would like to say, we remain dedicated to creating superior 
value for all our stakeholders and capitalizing on all the opportunities ahead. 
I once again thank you for the continued support, and I look forward to addressing questions if 
any. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is from 
the line of Yash Chandak, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Yash Chandak: 
My first question is on the Avinash CHSL, which was mentioned in last presentation as well as 
this one. So, can you please paint some light on the deal as to exactly what kind of project it is 
and at what stage we are? 
Boman Irani: 
Thank you, Yash, and thank you for clarifying that you are an individual investor. Yash, Avinash 
is a project which is situated in Andheri. You are aware of the location, right? 

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Yash Chandak: 
Yes, I am aware. 
Boman Irani: 
Thank you. The Western Suburb has always been a strong growth area for Team Rustomjee and 
we continue to fortify our position out there. We are in the process of trading DAs with the 
society as of right now. The 79(A), which is a part of the process that is required has already 
been done and we have been chosen as the developer. The further progress will be DAs will be 
exchanged when the DAs are finalized. That is when we will enter the project and start for the 
approval works. In the meanwhile, I am happy to state that as per what we mentioned earlier, 
our company is already in the process of drawing up plans, sharing them with the existing 
members at the same point of time working out the entire requirements for BMC approvals, so 
that by the time we are ready to sign our DA or on signing of the DA, we are in a position to be 
able to put up the plans for approval and thereby moving that at a faster speed than what has 
happened in the past in that area. 
Yash Chandak: 
So, if I am right, this project will take roughly what, 2 or 3 quarters to launch? 
Boman Irani: 
So, launch, Yash, depends largely on when the DA gets signed. After that, within nine months, 
we should be in a position to launch. I think that project is partly affected by some amount of 
CRZ. And because of that, it might take a tad bit longer, but the way we are working, we're 
trying to keep it within nine months, that is three quarters of signing the DA. 
Yash Chandak: 
And next, you said that you have fulfilled most of the guidance on sales and media and 
everything. So, I just wanted to know, like going ahead what kind of threshold do we have 
whenever we sign a new deal? Like, basically, I am trying to understand your capital allocation 
policy, sir. Like, what kind of IRRs do you have when you look for a plotted project or for a 
housing development project or for a project which we have 100% profit or where we are jointly 
developing with someone? So, are there any thresholds in terms of IRR or profit margins? 
Boman Irani: 
Yes, I think what we mentioned earlier also that we look at about 35% of gross margins on a 
project, which would make it in the region of 21% or thereabouts in terms of the IRR. But more 
important than that Yash, it is important to stress on, we are very focused on location as well as 
asset class. So, mid-mass and aspirational continues to be our focus area and we believe that or 
other all the reports point towards this being the largest segment of growth. At Rustomjee we 
have always told you we'll continue to be asset light in our acquisitions, and redevelopment is 
where we continue to be asset light. Also very important to tell you that we are focused on 
infrastructure growth in particular areas, which is going to be the key differentiator in the future 
because infrastructure will play a very, very great part in the way projects and people will 
continue to want to be. And again, our sustainable development is a way of not only taking care 
of the project itself, but also the neighboring areas which will allow us to become the further 
strengthened ourselves as the preferred developer by those going in for redevelopment. 
Yash Chandak: 
Just a small clarification before I get out of the queue. I am I right to understand that if the project 
falls within mid or aspirational category where we are planning to be the leader or we are the 

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
leader rather. We are okay with slightly lower IRRs just to ensure that we are the leader in the 
segment or we remain the leader. The fact of the matter lies that we have got strict guidelines in 
which we continue to function and we have been extremely successful with them. Of course, on 
a case-to-case basis, the project is extremely well placed, extremely attractive for something that 
may be a future benefit which we can envisage. And even if the numbers reflect a little bit, a tad 
bit lower, we are definitely interested in looking at it. However, I would like to tell you that we 
have a strong internal IC and our board guides us extremely well and has a big say in what it is 
that we are looking forward. So, far, our strategy has been extremely successful and we continue 
to innovate by learning and that is how we have grown. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
There's a few questions. First, on the contribution from new launches. So, we have had Rs. 2,000 
odd crore of launches this quarter. I think you mentioned some number in your initial comment. 
But just to clarify, 23% of the launch inventory in Q2 was sold in the quarter. So, what's the 
number there? If I have I understand it correctly. 
Boman Irani: 
So, Pritesh, yes, 23% of the launches that have taken place over Q1 and Q2 have been sold. Like 
I mentioned, the projects that were launched with Thane, Belle Vie both of these, Ocean Vista 
and our 180 Bayview, all of these have led to the total GDP of these projects about 4,057 and 
we achieved the sale of about 23% on them. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Okay, so roughly Rs. 800 crores – Rs. 850 crores of our Rs. 1300 crore first half sales came from 
new launches? 
Boman Irani: 
Yes, that's the way to look at. 
Sajal Gupta: 
The exact number, Pritesh is Rs. 618 crores, which was launched in the quarter one, 23% of their 
sales has been sold already. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
And just in general understanding, the approval environment right now in the industry. few of 
our peers down south are facing challenges in terms of approvals, delays, etc. What's the 
environment been in Mumbai in terms of launches? I mean, you have had good quarters of 
launches, but in general, where those delayed versus what you would have initially expected it 
to be? And with upcoming elections in Maharashtra, how do you see that impacting your 
business plans in terms of approvals 
Boman Irani: 
 I will take your last question first, Pritesh, and thank you for asking it. Look, I think development 
pace which is there as of right now is a certainty and we do not see this slowing down. Consumer 
demand is a reality and it is extremely strong. We have mentioned this before, but consumers 
are looking at the MMR market with great hope given the huge pledge on infrastructure, a huge 
boost given to infrastructure development in this area. So, we do not see this slowing down. Yes, 

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
it's true during elections most of the officers concerned, etc., are busy with a lot of other things, 
but it's a matter of about another, I would say, 10, 12 days. So, really, one should not look at real 
estate with such precision of about 8, 10, 12 days. There's always an opportunity to make it up. 
There are some hiccups that are being faced overall with regards to what they call the approval 
processes. And some of these are at the central level, mainly being environment. And I am happy 
to state that CREDAI is working very strongly to get clarifications on these given by the 
environment ministry. Like I mentioned, elections are a period when most of the things will not 
move really fast. So, after the 23rd, we should see some amount of good news coming in from 
Delhi also. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
And with the Rs. 950 odd crore of cash right now sitting in the balance sheet, a large part of that 
is obviously from the capital raise that we had last quarter. How do you think of deploying that 
into the growth? What's the timeline and how strong the pipeline is on ground to add those 
projects? 
Boman Irani: 
Thanks for that question also, Pritesh. First I would like to state that it is very important to be 
bottom line focused as much as your topline focused. And that is something that we at Rustomjee 
strongly believe. Second, I don't want to put any timeframe on myself for deployment of this 
capital, but one thing is certain, our BD teams, the way they've been working in the past and the 
way we'll continue working in the future will, according to me, be that we'll be able to given our 
asset light models etc. unless we got and out and really acquire something, we could have this 
dry powder, suffice us for at least the next year, year and a half. I would like to state out there, 
most mistakes that people have made is when they're sitting on cash, they get tempted to urgently 
deploy it. Thankfully, as I mentioned earlier, we have got a strong board that guides us. And we 
have learned to be patient to wait for the right deal. As we have seen in our 28 years, there is no 
point really hurrying things up. It's only when we evaluate the impact on the bottomline of these 
projects do we enter them and take on them? So, I would say a year and a half or so to deploy 
this, but again, I am not giving any assurances. If the right proposals come along and if we have 
to purchase something, we will, but our strategy to continue remaining asset light is what is 
keeping us in the money as of right now. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
And just one last on Thane commercial piece. We had media articles quoting your interview, 
stating that you are looking to venture into datacenter as well. What's the kind of opportunity 
and the specifics that you want to share to this platform in terms of your ambition to do data 
center developments?  
Boman Irani::                        Rustomjee as we mentioned, we continue to be a largely residential player. At the same point of 
time, we continue to expand our or rather keep going into the depth of what all it is possible to 
continue doing in MMR area alone. We have identified two or three opportunities. One of them 
plotted developments we have already put on the floor. The other that we have identified and we 
are fortunate to have a very strong partner called Keppel Land who's doing our Dhani 
development with us. Their datacenter arm has tied an MOU with us. But like I mentioned 
earlier, I am happy to work for nine months before I launch it. I am happy to work for two years 

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
before I launch it, but we hope to not ever get our company into a position where we move ahead 
and then have to step back. So, towards that, it is better that we explore the opportunity to its 
fullest after and only after doing all the on-ground research. Happy to state out here, a lot of 
ground has been covered and we may not only restrict ourselves to Thane, but even go beyond, 
but as of right now, very difficult for me to give you a timeline whether I will launch it in the 
next quarter or the quarter after that, but definitely work in progress in the right direction. And 
as a whole new area, not only in terms of for us, but as an industry overall, there aren't going to 
be very many players. We'd much rather consolidate, get ourselves up to a particular size and 
strength, and then go in at a stronger or faster level then. So, more planning and then execution 
will be the better way to do this. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
And just to clarify, once you do it, you will just probably sell the land to the Keppel’s data center 
arm or you will do the construction warm shell piece and then hand it over. What's the kind of 
strategy you are looking at? 
Boman Irani: 
Very clearly, we aren't someone who will sell out just like that. And that is why we want to be 
sure that if we do this, it is a long-term venture of ours, which means that we should be involved 
in the entire development and even up to a particular point, maybe the management of, of course, 
a smaller share, because that is a very specialized part of the job, but even then have a smaller 
share, even in the management of the datacenters. That is the plan at least as of right now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Harsh Pathak from Emkay Global. 
Please go ahead. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Now my question is on the redevelopment space where our focus remains. So, in the MMR 
market there have been many players entering the redevelopment space and even outside of 
MMR there are larger players in markets like Bangalore who have entered the MMR space and 
tapping the redevelopment market. So, how do we in this scenario plan to protect our share or 
maybe because I understand there have been a lot of locations where Rustomjee as a brand has 
done a few projects and maybe we stand a chance to capitalize on that and include more projects 
in the vicinity. So, how do we stand a chance to protect our share in this area? 
Boman Irani: 
Harsh, it's such an interesting thing. On the one side, people consider other developers stepping 
in to the Mumbai market as a possible threat. I look at it as an advantage because they bring with 
them a healthy competitive spirit. And quite honestly, it is better to have well capitalized, large 
developers in the same kind of activity so that there is no kind of knee-jerk reactions taken. So, 
I look at it as a possible opportunity at all points of time. Having said that, your question was, is 
there any worry, if I was to coin it separately with regards to all these players coming in from 
outside of the city to enter redevelopment etc. Two reasons I don't lose any sleep on this. One is 
we are there in most of the trades and we let a trade go only if we believe it does not fit our 
principles or our investment philosophy, right, and the returns to match. So, maybe some of them 
are paying an entry costs to come into the Mumbai market. Good luck to them. Second, I don't 
worry because we are a preferred developer. At all points of time, we have seen societies veering 

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
towards us. And when we say no, it is a very good reason. But we do not bother because the size 
of the redevelopment market is so huge that there is no girth to the opportunities that will come. 
As a matter of fact, if I can say this, we only scratched the surfaces right now. The larger 
societies, the more prestigious locations are still opening up to the opportunity going forward 
now. So, we have got plenty of headroom or play available in this business. And the more good 
developers that come in actually validates what we have said initially, that this is possibly one 
of the best types of development to get into. Having said that, I've also said that everybody is 
working on what knowledge they have. We are thankful that we are in this space with 22 years 
of experience with us. So, that is a huge thing, to be able to have the knowledge and the 
experience of this business. We are able to calibrate, I would like to say a lot better than most of 
the other developers that would be getting into this space right now. And it is something that 
will continue for a long time. I don't think in the next 20 years also we'll see the end of 
redevelopment in Mumbai city. And if we take the history of cities around the world that have 
been built and rebuilt, Mumbai will also write down an entire chapter, if not the whole book, on 
redevelopment someday in the future. So, plenty of opportunity. I don't lose sleep over as many 
developers wanting to enter this space. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Right sir, but any bargaining advantage that the society get in this scenario because my question 
is more pointed to the areas where we have already done some development and we stand a 
chance to capitalize more on that opportunity, more premiumization or something like that or 
going on scale. So, I was more asking from that part? 
Boman Irani: 
You are right. Sometimes all that glitter suddenly becomes gold in the eyes of certain societies. 
That does make our task to show them the light becomes a little more, I would say, more time 
consuming, just to say it nicely. But we are okay with that. We have understood long back, long, 
long years ago that redevelopment is a people association project. It is not really something that 
money alone can get done. So, of course, it helps to have deep pockets, but at the same point of 
time, more importantly, it is a people connect development. So, we have always monitored the 
projects that we have not got. And we have kind of studied them over a period of time. And I 
am happy to say so far there is no regret on our side with regards to the projects that we have not 
taken after being in the fray because we don't believe those projects will make the kind of money 
and as I already told you some people may be making a play as an entry into this beautiful market 
of ours called MMR and it's okay for them to pay the price. But we are already established as 
developers out here and those that at least go by our track record can see that we have housed 
more than 2000 families already and that is no mean treat and these are not SRAs, these are 
actually redevelopments where we rehoused purchasers of the earlier property into their new 
homes and not only rehouse them but rehouse them to their full delight, not only satisfaction, to 
their full delight with regards to the product and the type of project that we have completed. So, 
that is where we are and even today of the projects of the 17 projects that we have acquired, 
Harsh 14 are in redevelopment space. So, that itself should tell you that, we have got a very good 
run rate with redevelopments itself. 

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Harsh Pathak: 
Understood sir and any thoughts outside MMR and how do we see growth over the medium 
term? 
Boman Irani: 
So, Harsh, again you know as an entrepreneur I am always with one eye open and I am looking 
at projects outside of here, but quite honestly I see MMR itself growing in size. I mean I would 
like to say that even Palghar Boisar I consider at least in my head as MMR area and you know 
something that that has got a great future growth and we are already entering that market like I 
mentioned in the past, we are in no hurry to launch out there but definitely we are growing our 
reach in that market or growing our knowledge of that market. And having said that, someday I 
have said that Pune and Mumbai will be sister cities, so who knows, we will even look at 
everything that is coming in between. But as of right now, very happy to state that MMR is 
keeping us fully occupied, fully well driven to continue growing in this market. So, focus is 
entirely here, we keep studying proposals, but nothing that is going to come up at least in the 
absolute near future. 
Harsh Pathak: 
And any growth guidance that you may like to give? 
Boman Irani: 
We had mentioned at the start of the year that we will do a Rs. 3000 crore top line. As I have 
mentioned that you know, 13-11 that we have already achieved this 43% last year, we had 
reached the 40% mark and we have surpassed our guidance. We are confident that we will 
surpass our guidance for this year, maybe delighting our investors. 
Moderator: 
 Thank you so much. The last question is from the line of Devansh Dhruv from Equentis. Please 
go ahead. 
Devansh Dhruv: 
I wanted to get the idea of our collection. So, our pre-sales number have grown by around 129% 
year-on-year, but our collections have been flat. So, can I, can you share something on it? 
Sajal Gupta: 
Yes, Devansh. The collection efficiency is 80%. As you would have noticed that we have 
launched quite a few projects. We have launched almost five projects in the first half of the year. 
The total value of these projects is about Rs. 4,000 crores. So, obviously that we have been able 
to lock in the sales, but the collection will come based on the construction milestone as we 
achieve over the next three years or so. The standard collection efficiency is about 85%. But 
given the heavy weight of the launches in the current year, the collections will be coming 
progressively. So, we are very hopeful to have a better collection in the period to come to the 
kind of a sales that we have achieved. 
Devansh Dhruv: 
And one more question. So, on the area sold, so basically last year in the same quarter and this 
year in this quarter, our area sold has tripled, but the pre-sales haven't gone marginally up that 
way. So, is it because I realize average realizations have been low due to our projects in Kasara 
and Thane? 

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Sajal Gupta: 
Average realization has only gone up, which is from Rs. 17,900 to about Rs. 18,700. And the 
second thing I think you rightly mentioned that we have launched the Kasara during this period 
and as the case may be that the plotted development per square feet realization will always be 
lower. If I remove the Kasara and I look at the realization, the realization basically has moved 
significantly from about Rs. 17,000 to Rs. 25,000 a square feet. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The last question is from the line of Prem Khurana from Anant Rathi. Please go 
ahead. 
Prem Khurana: 
I had three questions generally on with the way we approach the business. So, first one was, 
essentially, whenever we look at new acquisitions, whenever we acquire a new project. So, what 
sort of sales velocity do we envisage for the first year of launch? Why I ask this is, essentially, 
when I look at what's been there with us in this year, first half, we have done around Rs. 4,000 
crores worth of GDP launch. And what we have been able to sell is 15%. So, if I were to adjust 
for the fact that you have done some of these launches in Q2, Q1 launches have done around 
23% sort of sales velocity in the first six months. So, are these numbers in line with your 
estimates or lacking or leading versus your estimates? Whenever you wonder what sort of sales 
do we envisage in the first year of launch? 
Boman Irani: 
Prem, basically, as we have informed in the past also, Rustomjee sells close to around 30% of 
its launch area or value within, by the time we reach plinth, which is let's say give or take 6 to 9 
months. Our launches we are extremely happy with. As a matter of fact, this is the fastest 100 
when we launched our Thane project. At the same point of time, our project 180 Bayview has 
seen tremendous success. We’re totally in line with our guidance. As a matter of fact, we'll even 
cross that a little bit more.  I've not said earlier, but I would like to state that quarter three and 
quarter four generally are the quarters in which maximum sales take place. That is the cyclical 
nature of our business. And that is what we have proven last year also, we were at Rs. 800 crore 
approx. in the first half and we went up to 2,266 by the time we closed the year. So, likewise, 
we are 13/11 right now, and we hope to cross the Rs. The 3,000 crores guidance that we have 
given, rather comfortably cross it, and then delight our investors a lot more with the way we end 
the year. 
Prem Khurana: 
If I understand you correctly, you look at almost 30%-odd sort of number, and by the time you 
have reached the plinth, does it mean once you reach that 30% mark, you will take the price up 
to kind of try and optimize the margin or maximize the margins? And you would continue to 
sell if there are buyers influx? 
Boman Irani: 
For the longest time, the fallacy in the minds of, at least I would like to say, unorganized 
developers has been that you can improve everything by improving the prices. I think all 
companies should work on a business plan and at least as an organized developer, we have a 
business plan when we start a project and we try not to deviate from it because the deviation 
comes with its own price to pay. And if you really ask me, as Rustomjee, our internal thinking 
is more that velocity is a premium rather than just an appreciation on prices. Having said that, 

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
yes, we have a definitely step-wise ladder in which prices are increased, but this has got nothing 
to do with just the demand going up, etc. It is to actually validate those consumers who have 
taken a higher risk at the start as we all understand. At the start of the project, you are probably 
not through anymore today, but the highest risk is at the start of a project. And then as the project 
is nearing completion, your risk is reduced. So, obviously the price that you pay for it is a higher 
value. Having said that, we are fortunate to stay within the parameters of our business plan, give 
or take 5%.going up or going down. So, yes, we will increase prices, but they will have nothing 
to do with only the demand going up and crazily increasing it because that is a surefire way of 
killing demand. We would much rather do it in the scientific method of calculating what the risk 
reward should be and accordingly then raising the prices for that particular project. 
Prem Khurana: 
Again focusing on under-writing, so whenever we acquire a project, what sort of land to launch 
timeline do we tend to kind of begin? I mean since FY23 we have done acquisitions worth around 
Rs. 150 odd billion in terms of GDV potential and what we have launched till this time is around 
Rs. 30 odd billion which is 20% and this also includes our Kasara launch which was a quick 
launch. So, technically if I were to adjust for that, I mean the number is up 20% so it's been some 
time but the launches seem to be taking a little longer. So, generally, what sort of timelines do 
we work with whenever we are underwriting a project? I understand you don't put in much, 
because most of these are redevelopment projects, but generally in terms of effort that you put 
in, you would have assumed some number in terms of by this time I would be able to launch it. 
Do we see any deviation versus your target launch timelines and what sort of deviation would 
this be, if any? 
Boman Irani: 
So, very interestingly, I can tell you, you mentioned that redevelopment usually takes longer 
time, not really. What takes time is the approval if the project is a CRZ-affected proposal and 
Yash asked me about Avinash and I said there's a CRZ implication on that. So, that usually takes 
away 3 to 4 months. As of right now, I've told you environment also has played a role. There is 
an order that is restricting all developments within the 5km zone from National Park. So, that is 
not a grey area, but as of right now, it's frozen all kinds of approval processes for those projects 
that fall in that area. So, obviously, anything that we have acquired in that area, we'll have to be 
patient and wait. But fortunately, given the geographies that we are present in and that's across 
the MMR, we are fortunate enough to be able to continually have something in our pipeline to 
launch. And redevelopment actually are a very well thought of strategy like I've mentioned in 
the past. By the time, a proposal is ready to be signed, that is after we have been chosen as a 
developer, the DA usually takes about 3 to 4 months given that there are tax planning 
considerations, consumers' individual requirements or existing members' individual 
requirements which all have got to be taken care of because they are all like our landowners. So, 
in that period of 3 to 4 months we are pretty well decided as to what the project approval plans 
need to be like. Once we put those up, it takes us about 2.5 months to get to going for 
environment clearances or CRZ clearances after which is about six months more in which time, 
after which we give notice to vacate to the members. And within generally 60 days’ time, they 
all vacate after which we demolish the building and go for the CC after which it takes a month 

 
Keystone Realtors Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
for RERA. Generally a year to 13 months is what we program ourselves for redevelopment 
projects. As far as the plots that we buy, I mean there's a lot more luxury for time because there 
is no ticking meter other than the price that you paid for the plot. There isn't like a rent that is 
increasing month-on-month etc. So, they allow us to plan a little better. But even over there, we 
have tried to work towards keeping the time short. Sometimes the time increases because of the 
changes in let's say, a policy that allows for better exploration of the potential of the project, 
which is what we have seen in one of the cases. And sometimes civil aviation heights do take 
longer. Like I mentioned today, there isn't the flexibility for me to go ahead and launch one of 
my projects because I really want to add RERA define exactly what that project will be. It's a 
high-end project at RERA. I want to define what that project will be and only then take it to a 
launch. But I have the luxury of holding on because there's got no meter ticking over there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments 
Boman Irani: 
Gentlemen and ladies, on behalf of the Rustomjee management, I thank you for joining us today. 
In case of any further queries like I've already mentioned, please feel free to reach out to us. We 
wish to continue delighting our consumers as well as our investors at all points of time. We are 
totally dedicated and focused towards your needs. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
BIMAL 
KISHORE 
NANDA
Digitally signed 
by BIMAL 
KISHORE NANDA 
Date: 2024.11.14 
18:43:05 +05'30'
