 
 
 
November 17, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip code: 502219 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: BORORENEW 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Institutional Investors and Analysts Conference Call 
Please find enclosed transcript of conference call with Institutional Investors and 
Analysts held on Tuesday, November 12, 2024. 
You are requested to take the same on records. 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Borosil Renewables Limited  
 
 
 
Ravi Vaishnav 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
(Membership no. ACS – 34607) 
 
Encl.: As above. 
 
 
RAVI MOTILAL 
VAISHNAV
Digitally signed by RAVI 
MOTILAL VAISHNAV 
Date: 2024.11.17 
17:46:42 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
 
“Borosil Renewables Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. P. K. KHERUKA – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN – 
BOROSIL RENEWABLES LIMITED (BRL) 
 
MR. ASHOK JAIN – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR  
 
MR. SUNIL ROONGTA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. BALESH TALAPADY – VICE PRESIDENT-INVESTOR 
RELATIONS  
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. ROHAN GHEEWALA – AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 
 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of 
Borosil Renewables Limited, hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all the participants' 
line will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on the touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rohan Gheewala from Axis Capital Limited. Thank you, 
and over to you. 
Rohan Gheewala: 
Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Axis Capital, I'm pleased to welcome you all for the Q2 
FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of Borosil Renewables Limited. We have with us the 
management represented by Mr. P. K. Kheruka, Executive Chairman; Mr. Ashok Jain, Whole-
Time Director; Mr. Sunil Roongta, Whole-Time Director and Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. 
Balesh Talapady, VP, Investor Relations. We thank the management for giving us the 
opportunity to host the call. 
We will begin with the opening remarks from the management, followed by an interactive Q&A 
session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ashok Jain: 
Good afternoon, and welcome to the Borosil Renewables Q2 FY '25 Investor Call. Mr. Kheruka 
has not been able to join on the call because of his personal reasons. I'm Ashok Jain, Whole-
Time Director. The Board of Borosil Renewables yesterday approved the company's financial 
results for the Q2 FY '25. Our results and an updated presentation have been sent to the stock 
exchanges and have also been uploaded on the company's website. 
 
 We will discuss the operations of the company on a stand-alone basis as well as on a 
consolidated basis. Overall, the company's performance has shown improvement compared to 
the immediately preceding quarter. The total sales during Q2 FY '25 grew to INR264.94 crores 
from INR241.40 crores in the preceding quarter. 
 
The improvement in EBITDA performance was greater with EBITDA at INR52.88 crores, 
representing 20%, up from 12.3% in the previous quarter. This improvement was driven by an 
increase in production efficiency and the rise in ocean freight for imports, which allowed us to 
charge higher selling prices. Export sales, including those to SEZ customers amounting to 
INR34.39 crores in Q2 FY '25 accounted for 13% of the turnover compared to INR22.42 crores 
in the preceding quarter, when exports made up 9.3% of the turnover. 
 
The company achieved a profit after tax of INR12.62 crores in Q2 FY '25 compared to a post-
tax loss of INR3.64 crores in the preceding quarter. The exemption from basic custom duty on 
import of solar tempered glass has finally ended on 30th September 2024, with a levy of BCD 
of 10%. Unfortunately, in an anticipation of this duty, the Chinese exporters slashed the FOB 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
prices by 22% in August '24 and the domestic module manufacturers stockpiled large quantity 
of cheaper solar glass from China before the BCD implementation. 
 
Imports in September surged to 5x of the volume imported during the previous year ended on 
31st March '24. This is causing a huge challenge in procurement of orders from September 
onwards due to excess inventory at the customer's end. The effect of this price reduction will be 
visible in the current running quarter.  
The Ministry of Commerce and Industry had initiated an antidumping investigation into alleviate 
dumping of solar glass from China and Vietnam based on the application made by the company. 
I am happy to inform that the Director General of Trade Remedies, DGTR, in its preliminary 
findings has recommended imposition of provisional antidumping duty pending completion of 
the investigation via its notification dated November 5, 2024. The letter is now with the Ministry 
of Finance. 
 
In the matter of countervailing duty on imports from Vietnam, in the application made by the 
company, we are still awaiting issuance of preliminary findings by the DGTR. We have also 
petitioned the government to mandate use of domestically manufactured solar ancillaries in 
modules. We believe this step is crucial for fostering long-term growth and to develop a robust 
and competitive local supply chain for solar photovoltaic. 
 
Our company is seeing a faster pace of solar installation on the back of a substantially higher 
demand. Manufacturing capacity for solar modules has already reached 75 gigawatts, which is 
expected to double to 150 gigawatts in 2-3 years. Use of locally produced modules has risen 
sharply after the implementation of ALMM mechanism from April 2024, which is leading to 
increased demand for all the components, including solar glass. 
 
 Our German operations continue to face significant challenges due to reduced demand. The 
steps taken by the European Union to support domestic manufacturing of modules have been 
adopted by France, Italy and Austria. It will take time for the demand from these countries to 
make a meaningful difference to the overall demand. Germany in the meanwhile has kept this 
matter under consideration. We have been able to operate the plant at a high rate of utilization 
by securing orders from markets like USA. and EU, which are at low prices. However, the orders 
are insufficient and it will take some time to generate additional orders since the customers in 
USA are still ramping up and demand in adjacent market is still low. 
 
Now I come to consolidated results for the quarter, which includes the operations of the 
subsidiaries. The overseas subsidiaries, including the step-down subsidiaries, have generated net 
stand-alone revenue of INR107.48 crores and negative EBITDA of INR16.85 crores for Q2 FY 
'25. The performance has declined over the preceding quarter, which had a net revenue of 
INR129.40 crores and negative EBITDA of INR2.38 crores. 
 
This was due to a large share of orders being booked at lower prices. The consolidated net 
revenue for the quarter under review stands at INR372.42 crores and EBITDA of INR34.57 
crores as compared to net revenue of INR370.79 crores and EBITDA of INR25.91 crores in the 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
preceding quarter. This improvement visible here has arisen from the better results of the Indian 
operations. 
 
Meanwhile, determined efforts continue to further optimize the cost of production. The 
magnitude of drop in selling prices by the Chinese makes it appear that imposition of 
antidumping duty on dump imports is most obvious way for the domestic solar glass production 
to come back to a reasonable level of profitability. 
 
Finally, I would like to update you on the proposed rights issue. The company has received in 
principle approvals for rights issue from BSE and NSE and also the final observation from SEBI. 
Updated draft letter of offer will be filed. Detailed terms of rights issue, including but not limited 
to the issue price, rights entitlement issue, record date and timing will be determined by the 
Board or its duty rights committee in accordance with applicable laws. 
 
With that, I open the floor for questions, which you may have. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Sunny from IAF. Please go ahead. 
Sunny: 
Am I audible? Ma'am I will rejoin the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Omkar from Tradebrainz. Please go ahead. 
Omkar: 
My first question is, I observed that our German unit expenses are more than India business in 
terms of employee costs and raw materials. I want to know why don't you do outsourcing 
manufacturing in third parties in Germany? 
Ashok Jain: 
So you are saying that our cost of raw material is higher in Germany, is it? 
Omkar: 
Yes, sir. And your employee costs and raw material costs in Germany is higher than Indian 
business. So why don't you do outsourcing and manufacturing by third parties? 
Ashok Jain: 
Okay. So you are suggesting that instead of manufacturing ourselves, -- done from somebody 
else? 
Omkar: 
Yes, sir. 
Ashok Jain: 
In Germany or other parts of the world? 
Omkar: 
Only in Germany, sir. 
Ashok Jain: 
Well, the cost of manpower, fuel and power and everything is higher in Germany, as you would 
appreciate it because it's a developed economy and the costs are higher there. And while the cost 
of production in Germany is higher, when we took over the company and did our diligence, that 
time, the revenue was also correspondingly higher. 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
 
So after offsetting the higher cost also, there was a decent EBITDA being made by the company. 
And the challenge now is that the demand for solar glass itself has gone down because there is 
no protection for module manufactures in Germany or for say, European Union, neither the BCD 
nor antidumping duty is there on the modules. 
 
So the modules are coming at a very cheap price in European Union, which has forced the 
customers to go out of business and which is why the demand has gone down. So if you are 
running the plant at full capacity the cost can still be recovered. But in the current scenario, 
where the local demand is only about 40% of the production and it is becoming difficult to 
manage. 
 
So we are reviewing all our options. We are trying to first get the orders from other geographies 
so that we can still run at higher capacity, bring down the per unit cost of production and manage 
to bring both ends together in terms of revenue and cost, failing which we will have to look at 
more alternatives. 
Omkar: 
Okay. Sir, a follow-up question is, as you have a 65% market share in Germany, based on the 
dumping duty in Germany, do you think about declining market share in future? 
Moderator: 
Sir, your voice is not audible properly. 
Ashok Jain: 
There is some problem. 
Omkar: 
Yes, sir. A follow-up question from the previous one. As you have 65% market share in 
Germany, due to the dumping duty in German market, are you seeing any decline in market 
share of our business? 
Ashok Jain: 
No, there is no decline in the market share. The market itself has declined. This is the problem. 
Because if the demand is there, we will, of course, be able to get the customer back in our fold 
-- being a local producer, which offers a lot of advantage in terms of just-in-time delivery and 
robust supply chain. The challenge is that the demand itself has dropped to, say, less than 50% 
of what it was which is where we're restricted. 
Omkar: 
Okay, sir. Understood. Sir, as you mentioned, the Chinese are dumping goods at lower price in 
India. While in the same way, Chinese do dumping for electronic goods in India also, sir. But 
those electronic companies made a strong rebound based on their backward integration and joint 
ventures in the last couple of years. So same strategy, why can't be used in Indian market? What 
electronic manufacturers are using in India as of now? 
Ashok Jain: 
So the two businesses are different. If you really appreciate the kind of business you are talking 
about, it's more of an assembly business, which may be true in solar for like, say, module 
manufacturing, where you buy various components from various vendors and assemble it into a 
product and you sell it. 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
 
So there, you can backward integrate in the manufacture of those components and possibly bring 
down the cost of production. But in the case of solar glass, it is not the same story. You have to 
basically start from silica sand and convert that into finished goods by a lot of value addition in 
terms of the energy cost, the manpower cost and interest and depreciation and all the things. 
 
So backward integration in solar glass is not feasible. The products which we use are like, say, 
natural gas or power or soda ash or sand where the backward integration is not feasible in case 
of solar glass. 
Omkar: 
Okay, sir. Understood. And my last question is, sir, your revenue has grown by 135% in last 3 
years. And while production capacity has increased by 3x, is that capacity utilization in line with 
the sales as per industry standards? 
Ashok Jain: 
So the capacity has gone up from 450 tons to 1,350 tons per day, including the German plant. 
But the full utilization of German plant is not happening, as you know,  because of the orders -- 
or the paucity of orders, the capacity is not fully utilized. Second thing is that the selling prices 
-- when we were running only 450 tons or say, less production, I mean '2022, '23 or '21, '22, the 
selling prices were quite high, almost 25% higher than what they are today. 
 
So a drop in selling prices in the current context would also mean that you are looking at a lower 
growth in the sales numbers. So our utilization is not low in terms of Indian plant, but the selling 
prices are low. In the case of German plant, again, the selling prices are also low and utilization 
has also not increased. So this has to be read and understood in the context of selling prices as 
well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sunny from AFC. 
Sunny: 
Sir, Am I audible this time? 
Ashok Jain: 
You can carry on, you still have disturbance, but we'll try to understand the question and answer 
it. 
Sunny: 
Sir, I have two questions. Primarily, you are raising INR450 crores and you have a total debt of 
around INR557 crores, which includes INR366 crores of long-term debt and INR187 crores of 
short-term debt. So you're planning to pay off fully long-term debt only, sir? 
Ashok Jain: 
[inaudible 0:17:14]. 
Sunny: 
Okay. No problem, sir. And second question regarding -- let's assume that from today onwards 
antidumping duty is hold. So how much time it will take to do the capex, which is on hold? And 
is it brownfield or greenfield capex? 
Ashok Jain: 
The antidumping duty notification is yet to be issued by the Ministry of Finance, as I mentioned. 
So it's a custom notification where you are charging the duty, it is issued by the Ministry of 
Finance, which normally takes 4 weeks to 8 weeks' time. So once that is done -- suppose the 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
notification gets issued at the end of December or middle of December, we will review the 
situation in the fourth quarter of this financial year, January to March. 
 
And once the Board decides that this is the right time to go for expansion and we tie up funds or 
say, we decide on the funding mechanism, then we will be able to move ahead in the matter. 
From the time we decide that we want to go into the capex, it will take at least 18 months to start 
production. 
 
In terms of the Greenfield or brownfield, we have a lot of facility available in the current 
infrastructure. The land is available, even so many items of utility are available and many other 
benefits which we have at the current location, you may still consider it as a brownfield project. 
And that will enable us to do it in, say, 18 months as against the time required of 24 months for 
a Greenfield project. 
Sunny: 
Thank you, sir. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sunny from IAS. Please go ahead. 
Sunny: 
Sir, the latest notification which we get from DGTR, which includes antidumping from China 
and Vietnam also. Although last time, China was able to dump 60% of their solar glass using 
Malaysia. So what is the plan to mitigate that? 
Ashok Jain: 
Your question is that if there is antidumping from China end even Malaysia can start exporting. 
That's what your question is? 
Sunny: 
Yes, sir. China can use Malaysia for dumping. 
Ashok Jain: 
No ADD is applicable on Malaysia and there is all the possibility that some goods from Malaysia 
may start coming in. As of now, for the last, say, 1.5 years, there have not been any exports into 
India from Malaysia because the base was shifted by the Malaysian company to China. I mean, 
they are a Chinese subsidiary -- the Malaysian plant is a subsidiary of Chinese company. 
 
So they stopped their exports from Malaysia, and they started from China. Now they can reverse 
the strategy. That possibility definitely exists. But that Malaysian plant may not be able to supply 
to all the customers in India and all the markets. So there may be certain customers and certain 
volumes, which may start to come from Malaysia. 
 
But we'll have to see how to play around and how to ensure that we get the right realisation using 
some strategy against Malaysian imports. And include -- come too much, then we will have to 
think of some measures against Malaysia. 
Sunny: 
Thank you, sir. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhiraj from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Dhiraj: 
My question was that could you throw some light on the -- what were the realizations in the last 
quarter, like the average glass selling price, what was in the last quarter? 
Ashok Jain: 
So the average realization, as I mentioned, was higher compared to the preceding quarter, which 
helped us to register a higher EBITDA. While the exact numbers, we are not continuing to talk 
about in the call because now we have a lot of local manufacturers also, and it may become 
difficult for us to deal with a lot of customers disclosing the prices. But what I can tell you is 
that the prices were better by almost 5% in terms of the number compared to the preceding 
quarter. 
Dhiraj: 
Okay. This was it. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of from Akshay from Alpha Invesco. Please go 
ahead. 
Akshay: 
Congratulations on great set of numbers. I just wanted to get one answer. So can you provide 
some update on the 1,100 tons additional capacity that you were talking about? You said it's on 
hold? Can we expect this capacity to come up next year or what would be the capex outlay for 
that capacity? 
Ashok Jain: 
See the capacity which is put on hold is what the Board had decided sometime back was 1,100 
tons per day. And that was by way of one single plant. But depending on the situation, we will 
be, at the Board level, reviewing whether a single plant of 1,100 tons would be a right strategy 
or it can still be done in 2 parts of 550 tons each depending on the comfort on the funding and 
the risks around the business. 
 
So we will be evaluating this, as I mentioned, in the quarter, January to March. And thereafter, 
we will take the call about the expansion. Once having taken a decision to expand, it may take 
18 months, as I mentioned, to come into production. 
Akshay: 
Okay. What would be the approximate capex, maybe, say, for 1,100 the entire plant is for? 
Ashok Jain: 
For the 550 tons, we think it may be about INR750 crores or so. 
Akshay: 
Okay. So roughly INR1,500 crores for the entire 1,100 tons per day. 
Ashok Jain: 
More or less, yes. 
Akshay: 
Thank you, sir. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Just wanted to understand what are the key provisions or the contours of the recommended levy 
of provisional antidumping duty on imports of solar glass if you can share at this stage? And 
how significant -- you mentioned that it will be a substantial relief for the domestic solar glass 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
industry. But if you could sort of help us quantify given the varying forces that are impacting 
this particular market? 
Ashok Jain: 
So during the investigation -- or during the period of investigation, there were certain selling 
prices or import prices which were prevailing and they were analyzed and injury margin and 
other calculations were done by the DGTR in line with the norms. Now what happens is that this 
market is so much fluctuating. The prices from China, the freight, everything is so much 
fluctuating, that in case we have a fixed rate of duty, like say, $50 per ton or $100 per ton and if 
the prices themselves change by $100, then the duty has a lesser impact or it becomes nullified. 
So what the DGTR around this time has done based on, of course, the representation by the 
company and the other fellow members of the producers in India, that they have made the duty 
in the form of a reference price. 
 
So the reference price is the price below which -- in case the imports are happening below that 
price, the difference between the reference price and the import price have to be paid as duty. 
So in the case of China, the reference price is announced or determined at $673. Now in case the 
imports come at $600, suppose, the $73, the difference will be paid as antidumping duty by the 
importers. 
 
In the case of Vietnam, the price has been fixed at $565 per ton. So similarly, if the imports are 
coming at lower price, then the duty will be the difference. But if the imports are coming, this 
import means the landed price, including basic custom duty at our Indian ports. Support the 
imports are coming at a higher price, there will not be any duty. 
 
So on one side, there is a protection from the downside to the solar glass manufacturers because 
if the prices fall and duty is a fixed duty, they still do not get covered. On the other hand, if the 
prices increase, the duty is not levied because there is no need for the duty in that sense. So this 
is a very good mechanism found by the DGTR authorities. 
 
And this is the way it is structured that it's sort of a minimum import price -- reference price, 
which will be applied to, say, imports from China and Vietnam. And accordingly, the duty will 
be charged. Have I explained it clearly, Sumit. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Yes, yes, sir. So sir, what time frame do you expect this matter to be cleared by Ministry of 
Finance now? And if you could also elaborate on this 32% price cut between June and September 
by exporters from China, Vietnam. So how does this compare with your average realization in 
the September quarter? So how much below has this price cut led the market at? And -- so you 
mentioned that this is unsustainable, but what is the volume impact expected in the coming 
quarter? If you could maybe give some guidance around it. 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes. So the first thing about the price cut is that the Chinese and Vietnamese exporters are 
probably having a shortfall in demand because the local manufacturing of module has gone down 
because China is facing some challenge in exports as well as in domestic market because of 
overcapacity. 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
 
So the prices have been cut down on the module, as you know, the prices from almost $0.30 
have come down to $0.14 for the module per watt peak. So with the steep decline in the price, 
there is lot of, say, shortfall in capacity utilization, which is leading to surplus in the case of 
components due to which there has been certain nervousness in the minds of the solar glass 
manufacturers. 
 
And correspondingly, they have cut down the prices first by about 10% in, say, quarter 1, April 
to June and another 20% in the next quarter. So almost 30% price has been cut by the Chinese 
manufacturers in this financial year. Now corresponding to that, we have not witnessed such a 
decline in our domestic realization because we have been able to contain the decline and also 
we have been able to maintain good relationship with the customers by explaining to them the 
situation. 
 
So our decline has been there, but not to the same level. In the case of volumes, if I were to give 
you some examples, in 2023, '24, the average imports per day were about 2,000 to 2,100 tons 
per day. In July and August, it became 4,000 tons per day. And in September, it was 9,000 tons 
per day. 
 
So the imports actually have become very significantly high in September because of the impact 
of duty coming in or rather say, looking at the duty imposition of 10%, the importers have 
imported large volumes. Also, they have tried to take advantage of the fall in prices of glass. So 
there has been a lot of imports which has caused problems of carrying high inventories. 
 
And since glass is a high-volume product requiring lot of space, it creates problem in continuous 
ordering and keeping it in the warehouse. So this is creating some strength in the business as of 
now. But I think we are hopeful that in 2 months time, this -- probably the high level of inventory 
should get adjusted. And from December, maybe this starts getting neutralized. 
Sumit Kishore: 
So by December, you would expect that the Ministry of Finance would provide the required... 
Ashok Jain: 
So by December, they will consume the excess inventory, which means that from January, you 
can probably expect... 
Sumit Kishore: 
The volumes to come back, okay? 
Ashok Jain: 
The volumes to come back, yes. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Okay. But is there any indication on by when the Ministry of Finance provides the required 
support… 
Ashok Jain: 
Just to give you a perspective, the Ministry of Finance is supposed to have 90 days window to 
clear the proposals, which is actually in the case of final finding. But there is no guidelines or 
there is no trend about provisional duty, we can assume that they may apply similar yardstick of 
60 to 90 days or 90 days maximum. So we are trying to pursue with them and try to see that it 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
can be done faster than this period. And we hope that we will succeed and get it earlier than this 
target period. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Thank you for answering my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Ashok Jain: 
Well, thank you very much all the participants for attending this conference call of Borosil 
Renewables. I hope I have been able to answer all your questions. In case there is any 
clarification required, they can reach out to our Investor Relations team, and we will be happy 
to clarify. 
 
We hope with the introduction of antidumping duty, probably in the fourth quarter onwards, we 
may start to look up in terms of the performance because on the volume front or operational 
front, we are doing our bit. But this is a very significant element in terms of antidumping duty, 
which should bring a lot of positivity in the entire thing and also, say, motivate us to expand the 
capacity and grow the business. 
 
So I hope to meet you in the next quarter investor call with more news about all these aspects. 
And thank you, and thank you for all your questions and goodbye. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and 
you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you, everyone. 
