 
 
 
 
October 21, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500355 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: RALLIS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts/Investors Call pertaining to the Financial Results for the 
second quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024 
 
Further to our letter dated October 7, 2024, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of the 
Analyst/Investors Call on the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the second quarter 
and half year ended September 30, 2024 held on Wednesday, October 16, 2024.  
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
being 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.rallis.com/investors/Financial-Performance 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Rallis India Limited 
 
 
 
Srikant Nair 
Company Secretary & Compliance officer 
SRIKANT 
SHIVDAS 
NAIR
Digitally signed 
by SRIKANT 
SHIVDAS NAIR 
Date: 2024.10.21 
19:17:29 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
Rallis India Limited 
Q2 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
October 16, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Rallis India Limited Q2 FY'25 
Earnings Conference Call. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India. Please go ahead. 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you, Ryan. Good day, everyone and thank you for joining us on Rallis India 
Limited Q2 & H1 FY'25 Earnings Call. 
We have with us today Dr. Gyanendra Shukla –Managing Director and CEO and Ms. 
Subhra Gourisaria –Chief Financial Officer. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today's 
discussions may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and 
uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is available in the result 
presentation. 
I now invite Dr. Shukla to begin proceeding with the call. Over to you, sir. 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: Thanks, Gavin. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today on our 
Q2 Fiscal Year ‘25 Earning Call. As mentioned by Gavin, I have alongside with me 
Subhra – our CFO. 
Let me begin the discussion by delving into the Industry landscape initially, post 
which I will discuss Rallis Specific Developments. 
We continue to witness mixed signals across agrochemical demand recovery in 
global markets. Volumes are largely back across key markets, though lower pricing 
continue to impact realizations. Production from China continues to be high, and 
margins are stressed across geographies. 
In the domestic market, rainfall was erratic with the spatial distribution causing floods 
and dry spells in different parts of the country. 

 
Page 2 of 16 
 
On an overall basis, monsoon season 2024 concluded with roughly 8% above 
normal rainfall, impacting key agricultural regions like Rajasthan, Gujarat, Western 
Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Telangana state and AP. 
Kharif '24 sowings as of 20th September reached about 110 million hectare versus 
108.8 million hectare last year. Area under paddy has gone up by 2%, pulses by 8%, 
maize by 4%, whereas area under cotton has declined by 9%. Extensive rains in 
some part of the country, especially during mid-August to September period which 
is the key demand period for agrochemical companies did create growth challenges 
for the industry at large. 
Continuous rain resulted in lower application of pesticide sprays, which in effect led 
to lower volume growth, especially in the herbicide category. The IMD predicts 
October to December rainfall to be 112% of the long-term average, potentially 
affecting Kharif crop harvest. La Niña conditions, which may cause below normal 
temperature in northern and central India could lead to cold wave events. 
Export market demand recovery is still not very promising. Lower prices and volatility 
are making chemical players also see an inventory buildup. China continues to keep 
the market well supplied. Demand in the US has been relatively better. Demand 
remains uncertain in Europe due to operating challenges with unrest in the Middle 
East further adding more pressure. 
Moving on to Rallis specific developments – We had a robust Q2 performance. On 
the back of a strong double-digit volume growth in the domestic market, our revenue 
stood at Rs.928 crore versus Rs.832 crore of Q2'24 and profit after tax at Rs.98 
crore, which is 210% higher than the previous year, similar quarter. Crop Care 
delivered strong volume-led revenue growth of 7%. Within crop care, growth is 
domestic led with export business continuing to remain under pressure. Seed 
revenue is up by 48% due to better Kharif liquidation. EBITDA for Q2 Fiscal Year ‘25 
stood at Rs.166 crore, higher by 24% compared to Q2 the previous year. 
Moving to the individual  business Wise Performance – Our export business has 
displayed resilient performance, with  focus on maximizing volumes and driving 
capacity utilization for our plants. 
In Metribuzin, we have done the highest ever volume in first half '25 and with half 
year volume surpassing Fiscal Year ‘24 volume already. Hexaconazole is also 
showing good momentum, and we are working on debottlenecking to serve the 
increasing demand. 
Pendimethalin is in good track with long-term demand being steady. Our work 
around capacity expansion with new efficient technologies would also be 
commercialized by the end of the financial year. 
Acephate market continues to be under pressure in US and Brazil with key input raw 
material at lowest ever price. 
Across technicals, we are also steadily working on expanding the customer base and 
securing registrations with more global players to improve our share. 
In CSM, we are working on new relationships and alliances with global players. On 
the back of three new contracts in Fiscal Year ‘24, we have further successfully 

 
Page 3 of 16 
 
completed pilot scale production of pre-commercial quantities of Flavocide®, a novel 
insecticide for Bio-Gene Technology Limited, an Australian company. We are 
confident that these new partners will meaningfully contribute to both the top line and 
bottom line in the years to come. 
Moving into Domestic Crop Care – Our growth was 11% with volume growth of 17%. 
The quality of growth was also good, with future growth categories like herbicide and 
crop nutrition, witnessing 25% and 29% growth, respectively. Herbicide categories 
is under indexed within our business and we are consciously working on improving 
the share progressively. 
Within crop nutrition, GeoGreen did the highest ever volume in H1.. Our new product 
launches such as Clasto for Cotton Whitefly and Mark Plus for Soyabean Herbicide 
showed good promise, and we are confident of the potential for scale up. 
Within crop nutrition, Nayazinc and water-soluble fertilizer which is Aquafert range 
are scaling up fast. We also conducted our key dealer and retailer meetings to 
improve the engagement. Our actions around expanding targeted reach and 
penetration leveraging digital is also in good momentum. We have commenced the 
work on rationalizing the portfolio and sharpening focus across key markets. And 
you will hear more of it in the quarters to come. 
Moving to Seed Business – It recorded Rs.141 crore revenue with 48% growth over 
the previous year, mainly due to lower Kharif '24 salesreturns resulting from 
calibrated placement leveraging Seedsay digital tool. Seedsay isa AI and ML based 
sales forecast modeling tool based on historical sale and other business factors. We 
will further work on improving the tool to keep sales return under check. 
The near-term outlook for the business – Particularly export business remains 
challenging. Domestic business has a positive outlook on the back of good reservoir 
level. Our efforts are now directed towards improving customer centricity, sharpening 
the portfolio choices, expanding alliances and leveraging digitalization across the 
operations. 
We launched Anubandh Edge, a Unified Retailer Management App for both Crop 
Care and Seed business. That concludes my opening remark. I will now hand over 
it to Subhra, our CFO for a detailed analysis of the financial situation. 
Over to you, Subhra. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Thank you, Dr. Gyanendra. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us 
today for our Q2 & H1 Earnings Call. 
I will walk you through our Financial Performance for the Quarter, post which we 
shall commence the Q&A session. 
Starting with the top line for the quarter – our revenue stood at Rs.928 crore as 
against Rs.832 crore for the same period last year. Volume growth has been 
encouraging at 17% with pricing challenges impacting overall growth. 
EBITDA for the quarter was Rs.166 crore as against Rs.133 crore for the same 
period last year. Profit after tax for the quarter stood at Rs.98 crore as against Rs.82 
crore for the same period last year. 

 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Moving on to Business Wise Performance – Domestic crop care registered growth 
of 11% with 17% volume growth. Domestic demand was buoyant with positive 
monsoon and better commodity prices. 
Overall, Rabi outlook is also positive, with increased reservoir levels. As far as seeds 
is concerned, calibrated placements in Kharif helped us in maximizing liquidation in 
the context of stock shortage to ensure most effective utilization of the inventory. 
Seeds business has grown by 48%. 
We are significantly pleased with the response we are getting for our cotton hybrid – 
Diggaz and we believe it has significant growth runway. Our focus will primarily be 
on five key crops – Cotton, Maize, Millet, Mustard and Rice. We believe the focus on 
such selective crops will aid in driving scale. We aim to gradually build our presence 
across these five crops with a focus on profitability. 
In exports business lower prices continue to impact revenues while demand recovery 
continues to be slow. Sales of Metribuzin and Hexaconazole maximized whereas 
Acephate specifically continues to remain soft. Our efforts on expanding the 
customer base and product portfolio are going to help build more resilient business. 
Our efforts continue to be directed towards driving focused execution both at the 
front and the back end. This includes portfolio optimization, territory rationalization, 
removing overlaps and driving cost efficiencies and simplification across the value 
chain. 
Our actions across the portfolio refresh also continue with two new products in crop 
nutrition and three products in seeds launched during the quarter. 
We also continue to be relentless on improving capital efficiency, both for fixed 
capital and working capital. We plan to adopt a measured approach in export 
segment and will not set up capacities till we have contracts in hand and have 
improved utilization for already set up capacities. 
Our inventory levels have moderated. Collections have also improved. despite stress 
in some markets, collections improvement will continue to be a focus. We have a 
healthy cash and liquid balance of Rs.229 crore as of 30th September. We envisage 
spends on CAPEX would be around Rs.100 crore. We also expect to commence the 
construction for integrated R&D Center in a phased manner soon. 
In summary, we are implementing various initiatives, and we are trying towards 
achieving consistent, competitive and profitable growth. 
That concludes our opening remarks. We can now commence the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from 
the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge Capital.   
Tarang Agrawal: 
Couple of questions. First, on the seeds business. What do you think drove your 
volume? I mean you've indicated enough that it was because of calibrated 
placements, but would it therefore be fair to presume that your expectation of sales 
return for Q2 was materially lower than what actually turned out? And second, within 
the seeds business, how were the volumes for Aatish and Diggaz for FY'25? 
Because the commentary seemed to suggest that you are quite optimistic on the 

 
Page 5 of 16 
 
offtake of Diggaz, but the fact of the matter is that cotton across industry was pretty 
bad for Kharif of '24? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: Thank you for your comments. I think what drove volume, I think one of the things 
we have been saying is look, we are trying to be better in forecasting how much we 
place and where we place. The investment we are making on digital capabilities we 
talked about seedsaye that basically takes into account what is likely to be accepted 
in the market and other parameters which we are using, that helps us in placing the 
product in the right quantity at the right places. Now, these are still early days, but I 
would say that certainly has helped us in placing the product at right place in the right 
markets in helping reduce the return. So, the difference between the previous year 
and this year is significantly low return compared to the previous seasons and that 
led to overall net sale going up. Coming back to the specifics, I think Diggaz as we 
have said earlier also has done very well. Literally, we had negligible return. I think 
now this is one product which has crossed more than Rs.50 crore brand of the total 
cotton, and we are very bullish on Diggaz for the North. Aatish of course is a mature 
product, is rather on decline. We were very careful about building inventory of that. 
So, as we move forward in the seed, I think I have been talking about managing this 
business for profitability and it comes from also managing operational efficiencies 
and that's where combination of digital tool, better planning and better placement will 
help in long way, making sure that we are not losing money on one side as we try to 
generate revenue. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Just a follow up on this, I mean, typically from what I understand is that your seeds 
portfolio is skewed more towards rice and maize, followed by millet and cotton, right? 
If I look at H1 acreages for maize and rice generally it's been a good Kharif for both 
these crops for various reasons. So, how much of your performance in H1 rather 
than looking at it in Q2 and Q1 basis would be a function of those end markets really 
doing well, and how much would you attribute to it,  because the function of the 
market having done really well, rainfalls being fairly continuous, which hasn't been 
seen in the last three years at least? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: So, if you start looking at the portfolio, I think look, so rice obviously we didn't have 
enough seed, otherwise we would have sold, so rice has done overall well for us. 
So, whatever quantity we had, I think we have been good in liquidating that. Cotton 
though is one crop, it has gone down from 12 million hectares to 11 million hectares, 
but 11 million hectare is still a very large crop, right? So, from that perspective I would 
say we were still able to capitalize because of the good demand of our products. So, 
the market has gone down by 10%, but the products which were in demand have 
still done well. That explains cotton and rice. Millet, our portfolio, I would say is still 
not competitive to be in the leadership position, we are working on it and same 
applies to the maize. But maize because we didn't have a lot of inventory, we were 
still able to sell. We could have sold more if we had inventory, but yes, as we move 
forward, I think we are getting good traction in our cotton, and I think our biggest 
hope our biggest success will come when we are able to crack a good product for 
South and Central India, which we are working on. Rice, we have a good portfolio, 
millet, I think we are working on and maize is something also work-in progress. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Nirbhay Mahawar with N Square Capital.   
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
Just a follow up on Diggaz. What is its target market size right now and what is our 
market share as of now, what is our aspiration? 

 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: So, the Diggaz market primarily is targeted towards the Northern part of the country, 
which is a pre-adjoining states of Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan where cotton is 
grown. So, if you say how much we have grown, Punjab grows about 2,00,000 
hectares, Haryana grows about 5,00,000 hectares and Rajasthan has similar areas. 
So, it's about 1.2 million hectares, a 10% of the total cotton area gets planted in that 
place. That's where this product is getting planted. That area, particularly in Punjab 
and Haryana has been under pressure. But still I think 1 million hectare and a 
concentrated pocket is a sizable area and we believe we still have significant 
headroom to grow given the performance of the Diggaz in the coming years. 
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
Could we give these numbers in terms of the number of packets we are selling versus 
total market share? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: So, I think now, look, we are in production right now, right. We would have a fair 
estimate of how much inventory would become available by February and March. 
So, at this point of time, you know, if I have even 2 million packet, I can sell all of it. 
But I know we are not going to get that kind of production because of this wet season, 
also, production becomes very, very challenging. So, I guess this question if you ask 
me in the month of February, March, I will be able to give you a better projection. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddharth Gadekar with Equirus Securities.   
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Sir, on the seed business, I just wanted to understand that have you taken any price 
hike, was there a shortage of seed in the market? And can you quantify between 
value and volume growth during first half FY'25? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Price hike we took because the mix also changed significantly because cotton as a 
portfolio has become our largest crop in the portfolio. So, there is a combination of 
price and volume mix sitting there. But if I slice it, there is a large part of the gain 
which has come from price mix and not so much from volume, because inventory 
was already constrained. But cotton has done well, paddy, in the circumstances that 
Dr. Shukla spoke about, given the constraints of inventory, we were able to liquidate 
whatever we had made followed by maize where also returns were very low. So, it's 
a combination of both price and volume mix which has contributed to the growth. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
And secondly, in terms of our sales return, can you quantify the number that was 
there in the last year's base number and this year, what was the sales return? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
So, I wouldn't be able to quantify, but if you look at first half performance itself, as I 
said, I give you some products, for instance, Diggaz it was practically zero return, 
paddy was also no net return except for some small returns we had to take and maize 
as well like very low returns. So, it was largely millet compared to last year. Last year 
as Dr. Shukla alluded there was also technology which helped in terms of digital 
placement plus also some interventions we did in terms of identifying the right 
distributors, placing it with the right kind of inputs in terms of marketing input. So, all 
of that helped in reducing the returns. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Abhijit Akella with Kotak Securities.   
Abhijit Akella: 
Thank you, just a follow up on the previous question. On the seed revenue growth 
for the first half, which is about 2%, if you could please just split it out in terms of 
volume versus price and mix, that would be helpful? 

 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Last part of it as I said has come from volume and mix. So, a high single digit would 
come from price and mix and volume would be largely flattish. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Similarly, it is possible to just split it out for the domestic crop care business as well 
please, Subhra? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
The domestic crop care first half you wanted, right? So, domestic crop care has had 
a minus 6% price degrowth, I am talking about formulation business and the volume 
growth is positive at 18%. 
Abhijit Akella: 
On the Bio-Gene project we have, if you could please just help us understand the 
revenue model that we are kind of envisaging there, do we derive some cut off the 
royalty that Bio-Gene makes from its licensing to its commercial partners or do we 
instead supply the molecule directly to bio genes licensees, how exactly do we make 
money in this project? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: So, I think look, this is a new arrangement. The way it starts in the beginning is we 
have a supply contract, we set up a facility to produce for them and we make margin 
there. But in future there may be a possibility of getting distribution rights of these 
products. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rohit Nagraj with Centrum Broking.   
Rohit Nagraj: 
First question is on the industry front. So, in your commentary, you also mentioned 
that the market is well supplied from China, however, our performance is otherwise 
in such a challenging environment. So, what is your understanding in terms of a), the 
immediate impact of the well-supplied market on the volumes across different 
geographies? And b), when would we see any pricing improvement given this 
context? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: I think given that there was good rain and commodity prices were favorable that led 
to obviously volume gain. Pricing is something very, very difficult to predict because 
no matter how much we continue to undermine China. China has capacity and they 
have ability to supply at a very competitive price. So, I guess that's very difficult to 
predict. What is easy for me and I have been saying in the past is that I am going to 
focus on domestic branded business where I have to make sure my product is being 
used more by the same farmer and on the more crop acres. That's where our focus 
is because prices are variable. If I am in a domestic branded business that also 
allows me to charge some premium at the brand level. So, that's our primary focus. 
Because that something China, we are not going to control, we are not going to really 
going to stop China. At the same time, we are also trying to diversify some of our 
supply chain domestically to say how do we balance reliance on China versus 
domestic suppliers, including our own production capacity. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Second question is on the balance sheet front. So, the trade receivable seems to 
have gone up to about Rs.850 crore from about Rs.580 crore on a YoY basis and 
top line has gone up by about Rs.100-odd crore, right? So, is it due to maybe leaner 
credit terms offering or is there any other reason? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
So, trade receivables have gone up from Rs.773 crore to Rs.852 crore, so, there is 
an Rs.80 crore increase. Part of it is contributed because of the increase in domestic 
sales, but there is no pocket of concern and there is also an element of some 

 
Page 8 of 16 
 
discounting that we had done in the base period for export receivables which is not 
there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Viraj Kacharia from Securities Investment 
Management Pvt Ltd. .   
Viraj Kacharia: 
Couple of questions. First is on the seed. What you said is the volume is flat and the 
growth we have seen is largely a function of price and mix. Am I right? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Yes. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
So, if you look at last year same quarter we had seen very strong growth, and the 
reason for that was the delay in the season from Q1 to Q2. So, even on the higher 
volume base we have seen a very healthy improvement, and this is on the 
background of us seeing a supply shortage in seeds in Q1. So, just trying to 
understand if you can give some perspective into the crop wise growth performance? 
And when we say the price and the mix element which of the two has been a larger 
factor? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
I think we have been taking significant steps. I think a couple of years back we spoke 
about that in seeds business we were first to reset the business and look at 
profitability and then start working on growth. As we mentioned in multiple calls that 
cotton, hybrid, especially north one has done well. There are multiple other, hybrids, 
paddy, maize, which are also doing very well. So, I spoke about that cotton has now 
become the biggest crop for us. Along with Diggaz and other brands, we already 
touched Rs.100 crore of revenue this year. So, it's a combination and that's why 
when you said that on the back of a good FY24, FY25’s performance has also been 
good. We are hopeful that many of the launches that we have planned we will be 
able to scale up. So, does that answer your question? 
Viraj Kacharia: 
No, actually I just still trying to understand it. If you can just still give some perspective 
into our crop wise performance and which also comes back to the second question, 
which I also had over the margin front. See, if you look into the pecking order, cotton 
usually has the lowest margin profile in the segment for seeds. Now for us when we 
say cotton is the one which has given highest growth for us, still despite that we are 
seeing a very healthy improvement in operating margin. So, I am just trying to 
understand better in terms of both the sales mix profile and similarly, the impact on 
the margins when we say the price of the mix, how is that driven the margin part? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Cotton indeed has shown the highest growth, both in terms of top line and bottom 
line, and it depends on the mix of the products that we have. So, you are right in the 
industry level, maybe cotton is making a lower margin, but it depends on the products 
that you have in the portfolio. So, for us both the combination of revenue growth and 
the operating leverage and the fact that we have been able to hold overheads or 
optimize them has helped in operating margin improvement. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Himanshu Binani with Anand Rathi.   
Himanshu Binani: 
Sir, I just have one question in terms of the seeds business. So, till last quarter, there 
was a commentary from us as well as from the industry in terms of the supply side 
concerns which we had, and as per my understanding, 1st Quarter happens to be 
the heaviest for the seed industry. So, during the last quarter, we have posted a 
decline into the seeds business and that was largely led by the supply side 

 
Page 9 of 16 
 
constraints, and all of a sudden we have been able to grow somewhere around the 
50% sort of a growth in the seeds business considering higher base of last year also. 
So, maybe you can help me understand it? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
We are not able to follow clearly, but I think your question was that despite the 
shortage of seeds, how we were able to deliver a better performance in Q2? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: I think it's very simple. I think in seed what we call is before season you do the 
placement right. And then farmer buys the seed and unsold inventory comes back, 
and that gives you net of returns, right? So, net of returns, I think while we had 
shortage on the seed, but our supplies level was not enough to take benefit of the 
demand, but they were probably at the similar levels in terms of liquidation, but 
because we were able to reduce significantly return, that allowed us in still coming 
up to the level of previously in terms of volume and some price benefit, combination 
of that. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
So, in fact, one thing that probably will help all of you guys our seeds inventory is 
one of the lowest across various years now. So, the inventory levels have 
significantly come down. So, we have been able to sell whatever was there or 
whatever was sellable, yes. 
Himanshu Binani: 
So, due to the supply side constraint, the growth of this sort of number is largely led 
by the prices, right? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Actually, let's actually if you look at first half level, we are flat. First half level, Kharif 
liquidation has been in line with last year. But this is where the placements were 
lower because of the inventory and because of the effective use of technology and 
better marketing and sales efforts, we were able to reduce returns. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Darshita Shah from Antique Broking.  
Darshita Shah: 
My first question was regarding the current channel inventory that we have for the 
domestic crop care business. Is it on a higher end and are we expecting a lot of sales 
returns reflecting in the third quarter of the kharif inventory that we currently have? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: So, again, look, I think this year planting is higher of overall crops and also because 
of continued rain. Because Kharif season doesn't end in September, Kharif season 
particularly in some crop in pulses, even in some late rice and cotton continues till 
October. So, obviously there is a required level of inventory in the market, but we are 
very careful and calibrated, and I think we have a system of making sure we provide 
based on our best estimate and this is something we keep trying to learn and improve 
more. At this point of time, I don't think we have any excess inventory, which we 
would like to leave in the market because leaving excess inventory also has a lot of 
other repercussions. 
Darshita Shah: 
And the second question is regarding the higher tax rate during the quarter. If you 
can give us some idea on that? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Because of this long-term capital gains tax reduction by the union budget, there was 
an unwinding of the deferred tax assets created for both carry forward of losses and 
long-term capital gains. So, that's a one-time impact which has come for the effective 
tax rate. 

 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co.   
Saket Kapoor: 
Firstly, in your opening remarks, you did allude to this extended monsoon and 
waterlogging and other issues that affected the aftersales that moisture still 
remaining in the agriculture field. So, taking these factors into account and the 
reservoir levels, what should be the growth that we are eyeing for the current year 
taking into account sensing the rabbi season and also the extended Kharif part which 
just our M.D. alluded? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: Well, I think all I have been saying is that our attempt is going to be we grow better 
than the market. That's our attempt and that's what we are targeting. I am certainly 
not in a position to give a number. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, we have also been looking to link the active ingredient part with other 
manufacturers. So, what kind of business are we outsourcing in terms of we are 
looking into the B2B segment of formulation, and the active ingredient portfolio being 
managed by other players, so what kind of business have we outsourced for the 
current year and if you could mention who are the key players with whom we are 
engaging for the same? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: I think we always talk about our crop care business in key few buckets and first 
bucket is really domestic formulation, as I have been saying in the past also that's 
my number one priority. Now, obviously I have to find the optimal point of make 
versus buy. So, we keep making those decisions. Obviously, because of many 
confidential agreements we have with the parties, we are not able to disclose those 
names and all. But for us it's optimal. I make a decision on that what is right for me 
because we have capacity and we want to use the capacity. Then we also have a 
domestic institutional business where we sell some of our technicals we make on a 
bulk basis to parties. That's business for us, but that is not something we are very 
aggressive about it, and we participate in that market, but we are very calibrated 
because those markets also we want to make sure, we are not over-exposing now. 
The third business is basically international business where we sell, and that market 
remains subdued. Metribuzin has done well for us, Pendimethalin is doing okay, on 
fungicide, we have done well. I think where we have challenges is really acephate 
and we are trying to address that. I have been very candid about it. Do I have a 
solution? I think we have certain options; we are evaluating and as and when those 
options become executable, we will certainly get back. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ravi Purohit with Securities Investment 
Management Private Limited.   
Ravi Purohit: 
Sir, since you've joined the company in the last couple of quarters, you have alluded 
to changes that you are looking to make both in terms of making our seeds portfolio 
more profitable, pruning the loss-making parts of it, and also kind of working on 
getting the missing decade back on the contract manufacturing or tying up or make 
or buy or distribute or rather than make certain products on the Agrochem side. So, 
if you could just kind of give us a brief update on that strategy, what kind of pruning 
or what kind of things we have already done on the seed side and what are the 
opportunities that you are working on the Agrochem side working with MNCs 
particularly both in terms of licensing to sell in the domestic market and exporting for 
the requirements? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: So, I can give you just a general observation. So, the way we are working is one, we 
need a product sourcing. So, we are aggressively reaching out to discovery-related 

 
Page 11 of 16 
 
companies all over the world to really make sure that we have a pipeline and that 
pipeline remains robust. On the CSM side, I think we are very selective. As I said, 
we have enough capacity on the ground we will be very calibrated first. First priority 
is to use the capacity to maximum and then get into any new contract before we set 
up the capacity. So, that's a strategy. But I believe we also talked about this domestic 
formulation making more efficient. That work we did not want to touch with the Kharif 
season was going on, but we are in the midst of exercise and that exercise should 
get completed in couple of months. So, as we enter the new year, we would be able 
to actually go with completely what you call streamlined portfolio approach where we 
may be looking at sale and say, look, whether this sale is desirable or not. So, we 
are in the process of doing that exercise and we will take every step because 
ultimately goal I have been saying look, for me ultimate measure of success is going 
to be return on capital. That has to come from various measures around including 
revenue cost and optimizing profits wherever possible by looking at the portfolio. 
Ravi Purohit: 
We will appreciate it if you could kind of give a brief update on that in every quarter, 
I don't know, maybe part of the presentation or part of the press release? Sir, my 
second question is on seeds portfolio, I think you of course run a fairly large and 
profitable seeds business under Monsanto-Bayer combined. So, what is the sense 
that that you get here in terms of the potential scalability of the seeds portfolio? We 
are really sub-scale in that sense and at higher scale seeds is a very, very profitable 
business is done right. So, if you could just kind of share as to what would your 
medium term to long term strategy would be on scaling up the seeds business? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: So, fundamentally, we said we are going to participate in five crops, These numbers 
keep changing, but backup envelope number, cotton seed market is about Rs.3,000 
crore, hybridized paddy seed market is about Rs.2,500 crore, so that makes it 5,500 
crore, millet market is about Rs.700 crore, it's 1,500 tons, right, so that makes it 6,000 
tons, and then there is another mustard of Rs.500 crore and then add other crops 
like maize an universe of Rs.10,000 crore of seed market, which is almost 50% of 
the total seed market. Now if you see our market share in that is roughly 4%. Our 
objective should be that we start growing our market share in that segment. And I 
guess different crops are at different stages in terms of portfolio readiness, I think 
right now we are slightly better in cotton, followed by rice, followed by I would say 
maize and millet. That's where we are. And so increasingly you will see as we try to 
grow our volume and markets you say in next one to two years more gains are going 
to come from cotton, a little bit from rice, and then subsequently from millet and 
maize. But our aim would be that, look, we come to respectable at least a high single 
digit or low double digit. It all depends on the portfolio, because every seed business 
is a product business, there is nothing called me too here, your product must perform, 
otherwise even if you give it free to the farmer he won't buy it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavya Gandhi with Dalal & Broacha 
Stockbroking.   
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Just wanted to know what is the absolute export number for the quarter and for the 
first half? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
So, we did Rs.143 crore of revenue in Q2. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Somaiah V with Avendus Spark.   
Somaiah V: 
My question was on domestic crop care. The volume had quite strong growth. Just 
wanted to understand, is this more of an industry trend or have we had market share 

 
Page 12 of 16 
 
gains that is one? And second, any part of the portfolio or any region has shown 
strong performance that has led to this kind of growth that you want to highlight? And 
also, between B2B and the formulations, which of these segments are kind of really 
done well to get this kind of growth? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: Two things I can tell you, look, so it's very difficult to say if I have gained market 
share or lost market share because Kharif season is on. I think that clarity will 
probably come by November and December, but the segments which have done 
well for us is really herbicide relatively and also our crop nutrition business. 
Somaiah V: 
On the B2B and the formulations, any color on that? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: I won't go B2B, I think it's really as I have been saying our story first has to be about 
how do we strongly continue to grow our domestic business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ritik Jain with Nirmal Bang Securities.   
Ritik Jain: 
My first question is on when can we expect export to see normal volume growth? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: Well, I think export is a very competitive business. I think what we are trying to work 
on, and I have been talking about this is that we are working on multiple fronts. One 
is just an existing product portfolio. So, I think we are having reasonably good traction 
on Metribuzin, Pendimethalin and Hexaconazole but we have challenges in 
Acephate. But having said that, we are also looking at various relationships, first of 
all how to optimize and increase the sales of the existing portfolio and then start 
working up some of the pipeline product. We don't have big products, but there is a 
decent pipeline developing, our team is working on the ground. It will only show 
improvement in the coming years. Having said that, the acephate will continue to be 
a trouble, I think it's a trouble child I would say, we have to work on it. 
Ritik Jain: 
In the seed business sales growth of first half of FY25, what is the ROC one can 
expect from the seed segment on a sustainable basis? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: First thing I made the statement that we want to manage this business for profitability 
and what I call fit to run, right. I think we have to get to a fitness level where we reach 
a space where our business doesn't make losses at all, and I think we are slowly 
inching towards that and consolidating that position, and we are also stepping up our 
R&D effort so that we are able to launch new products at the same time and are able 
to take out old products. I think if we just get that cycle right I think as I said, looking 
at a Rs.10,000 crore segment we operate, we are just 4%, there is a lot of headroom 
to grow. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
I think in seeds what you should understand is the large CAPEX investment is only 
working capital, there is no fixed capital as such. So, what Dr. Shukla alluded is more 
important for us to drive profitability and keep the working capital under check. I think 
both the actions have started showing some momentum and we should be able to 
hopefully improve. More important is that the seed should not be a drag on the 
company profitability. So, we have to first move to a positive zone and then keep 
improving it from there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavya Gandhi with Dalal & Broacha 
Stockbroking. 

 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
On the one half also if you can share what was the export data? And on the exact 
one half as well, I just wanted to understand it's a big product for us in the export 
market whereas other companies are still struggling, maybe the likes of Astec 
LifeSciences and all this. What strategy are we adopting that our product is still 
surviving in the export market? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
The first half revenue for international business is Rs.275 crore. As far as 
Hexaconazole is concerned, I think it's had a smaller overall market, but we are the 
market leader there and we do have a strong customer relationship and good 
registrations even in Southeast Asian markets and I believe it's a small market, it's a 
small business, but we are working almost like max out capacity today. In fact, we 
have debottlenecked some of the capacity and we are also looking at alternate ways 
to expand the capacity. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
In short, we have some pricing power when it comes to the export market when it 
comes to Hexaconazole because of our relation and maybe because of registration? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Yes, it's a small market though. 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: It's a combination of registration, customer relationship, and quality of the product. I 
think several factors play together. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
And also, the dynamics that it has with other competing molecules. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge Capital.   
Tarang Agrawal: 
Two questions actually are both on crop protection. One is on Acephate. Sir, I mean, 
given your vintage with the molecule and my sense is your experience and scale 
with the molecule, what do you think right now has happened in the marketplace, 
which is specifically rendering this particular molecule as a problem child? I mean, 
has there been a technological shift? Do you see widespread competition, which is 
driving the prices down, higher inventory in the marketplace or there are only specific 
players in the manufacturing value chain which are being extremely aggressive? So, 
that's one. And second, the overall crop protection if I look at the domestic and the 
exports business, volumes have done reasonably well and this coming from a fairly 
soft previous year where inventory was sort of a challenge both in the international 
and domestic marketplace. So, therefore, would it be safe to presume that while 
pricing continues to be a challenge for the broader industry, but the destocking 
challenges that were being witnessed in the previous year, are they effectively 
addressed? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: So, see related to acephate, I think one of the things we have to understand is it's a 
very concentrated market. This product is primarily consumed in Brazil, US and a 
little bit in India, right. These are the three primary markets they probably are 80%, 
90% of the total volume. Now, our competitors here are actually Adama and UPL. 
Now, both of them are significantly backward integrated from a manufacturing 
perspective as well as they have a significant B2C market as well in these markets 
and that I think puts us at some disadvantage. So, we are trying to figure out how do 
we solve this because today we don't have B2C presence in these markets, also we 
are looking at relationship and what kind of relationship we can develop to have B2C 
in direct presence by having a supplier relationship with the local people there. Other 
thing is we are also looking at how can we do some cost reengineering on the 
manufacturing operations we have got. So, a couple of options we are evaluating. I 
don't have a clear answer. Obviously, we know few things can be done. As I said 

 
Page 14 of 16 
 
earlier, also I think we would like to have a clarity sooner the better, but I think it just 
takes time because the things we have to understand global dynamics. The easier 
option is that if we are not making, we get out of the product, right. I think we are not 
at that stage yet. Whatever we do, we have to make sure we have all the information, 
and we have considered all the options. To your second question, the global crop 
protection market if you see is primarily driven by two factors. So, obviously North 
America and South America become very, very important and commodity prices also 
play a very, very important role. Now, there was an uptick in commodity prices 
beginning of the year, but I think with good production estimates coming out of the 
US and rainfall situation being better in Latin America, commodity prices are 
relatively softer particularly for key crops like maize and soyabean including cotton, 
right. Yes, you are right, the destocking is by and large done, as a result current year 
numbers should look better, but we have to understand that it's not a very buoyant 
demand, it's not that suddenly 20% more crop is being grown all across the earth, 
right, and China continues to supply at a very competitive rate. So, I am not expecting 
any miracle to happen in this market. I think it's going to be a normal growth period. 
Prices will continue to remain subdued given the commodity prices and supply 
situation. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella with Kotak Securities.   
Abhijit Akella: 
Just a follow-up. One is with regard to the newer products in the domestic crop care 
business, will be possible to just share the kind of growth we have experienced from 
that in the first half of the year? And #2 was just on the categories. You did give us 
some numbers for herbicide and crop nutrition growth, but if you could also please 
just specify insecticide and fungicide, that would be helpful? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: I don't know if we have a specific number today to share, but maybe we can say later 
on, but I guess some of the product launches we had made this year, they are looking 
very good, particularly when we had a soyabean herbicide launch. That seems very 
promising. As I have been saying in the past, herbicide becomes very, very important 
for me and luckily we have a good launch now. I think if you wait till for rain in 
November, I think I will have clarity on Kharif. That might be the best time for us to 
give you some clarity. At this point of time, I would say herbicide and nutrition have 
done well, fungicides are okay, so are insecticide and that is reflected in overall 
numbers. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
I think we published this ITI on an annual basis in Innovation Turnover Index which 
will reflect but safe to say that in the first half as well it's tracking in line with our 
expectations. Herbicide as a segment our portfolio is under index, but we have done 
well followed by fungicide and then insecticide. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Viraj Kacharia from Securities Investment 
Management Pvt Ltd.   
Viraj Kacharia: 
Both in seed and domestic crop care, when we say portfolio rationalization, what kind 
of a churn in the portfolio we have -- we would have seen last six months?? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
So, you are talking about what we have done or what we are expecting? 
Viraj Kacharia: 
What have we done and what we are expecting both? 

 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
So, I think what we are looking at is tail portfolio rationalization, which is where either 
the scale up has not happened as per expectation or it's adding to the complexity. 
We are yet to complete the exercise, but I wouldn't say that it would have a 
meaningful impact on the bottom line. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co.   
Saket Kapoor: 
Madam, if you could give me the CAPEX number which we have done for the last 
three years and what kind of capacity augmentation has been done in the 
agrochemicals space? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
We have done about Rs.650 crore of CAPEX out of the Rs.800 crore of CAPEX that 
we spoke about in the last five years. And if I slice it, the big one had gone behind 
multi-purpose plant, which is around Rs.200 crore. Multi-purpose plant, Dr. Shukla 
alluded there are some challenges in getting higher capacity utilization because of 
the global situation as well. So, we hope to improve the utilization as we start seeing 
more contracts for it. The next Rs.100 crore went into a formulation plant which is 
working in line with our expectations or in line with the business case that we have 
done. Still there is significant headroom for the expansion of capacity there. And the 
last few ones went into capacity expansion and debottlenecking of existing 
capacities, some of the sustenance CAPEX we did and digital investments that we 
spoke about in both in front end and back end. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Ma'am, just to add to it, for the multi-purpose, can you elaborate which products we 
are addressing to and what kind of asset turnover can we expect at optimum 
utilization level? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
See, by nature name itself is a multi-purpose plant. So, it's supposed to help you do 
multiple chemistries before the scale up of the volume happens, and then you can 
set up an individual or standalone capacity for it. So, we have done multiple products 
for it, both for contract manufacturing customers and also the Difenoconazole, the 
fungicide that we launched last year. So, there are few more products in the pipeline 
both from our international business and contract manufacturing that we will put 
there. And depending on how this scale up, we will move it to the standalone plant. 
As far as asset turns is concerned, it's difficult to comment on it today, but I think 
what we are going to work on is how do you keep improving utilization and hopefully 
some of these products will contribute to our top line in years to come. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Samaiah V with Avendus Spark.   
Somaiah V: 
A question is on the CSM business. So, what is the strategy here in two years out 
how do we see CSM as a percentage of our total revenue share? Also, if you could 
just help us with what is the current contribution of CSM In our overall portfolio? And 
also I think you mentioned in your opening remarks, three contracts. If you can talk 
about opportunities on these three contracts would that be helpful? 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: So, look, CSM strategy I think it's very simple. We are not chasing everybody. I guess 
big deals I don't think are available at this point of time. We are relatively late entrant 
in this game. We are having multiple conversations with various parties and the 
different conversations are at very different stage. All I can say is, we are generally 
getting encouraging response. At this point of time, it is very difficult to put a number, 
but maybe as things mature, we will start getting more clarity, but things seems to 
be slowly building up, they certainly are not negative. 

 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference back 
to the management for closing remarks. 
Dr. Gyanendra Shukla: Thanks, everybody for joining. As I said, agrochemical is witnessing mixed signal of 
recovery, international business continues to be under pressure, while volumes are 
better across most technical margins are lower due to competitive context. In the 
domestic market, Kharif liquidation is slightly delayed. So, we said because of the 
rain season, and we are optimistically the causes of the placement, our endeavor 
would be to continue running the business to improve market share across verticals. 
While the short-term margin would be under pressure, long-term prospects continue 
to remain good. So, thank you very much for joining. 
  
