Jio Financial Services Limited (formerly known as Reliance Strategic Investments Limited) 
Regd. Office: 1st Floor, Building 4NA, Maker Maxity, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Phone: +91-22-3555 4094. Website: www.jfs.in. Email: investor.relations@jfs.in 
CIN: L65990MH1999PLC120918 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543940 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
  
Exchange Plaza,  
  
Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
 
 
Trading Symbol: JIOFIN 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub:    Transcript of the Presentation made to analysts on the Unaudited Financial 
Results (Consolidated and Standalone) for the quarter and half year ended               
September 30, 2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the presentation made to analysts on October 18, 2024, 
on the Unaudited Financial Results (Consolidated and Standalone) of the Company for the 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024, is attached.  
 
The presentation to analysts concluded at 7.55 p.m. (IST) on October 18, 2024. 
 
This is for information and records. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jio Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
Mohana V 
Group Company Secretary and  
Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
V 
MOHA
NA
Digitally signed 
by V MOHANA 
Date: 
2024.10.22 
17:30:54 
+05'30'

 
 
Jio Financial Services Limited Q2 2024 – 2025 
Analyst Call Transcript 
 
 
 
Call Participants:  
Mr. Hitesh Sethia, MD & CEO – Jio Financial Services Limited  
Mr. Abhishek Pathak, Group Chief Financial Officer - Jio Financial Services Limited 
Ms. Jill Deviprasad, Head, Investor Relations – Jio Financial Services Limited 
 
Transcript: 
Ms. Jill Deviprasad, 0:57 
 
Good evening, everyone. My name is Jill Deviprasad and I’m the head of Investor Relations 
for Jio Financial Services Limited. On the declaration of the results for the second quarter 
ended September 30, 2024 for FY 2024-25, it gives me immense pleasure to welcome the 
analysts, investors and our colleagues to this virtual meeting. We have with us today, our MD 
& CEO Mr. Hitesh Sethia and our Group Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Abhishek Pathak. In this 
call, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. The earnings presentation is uploaded on 
our website www.jfs.in and on the stock exchanges. 
Before I hand over the call, I would like to read out the Safe Harbor statement. 
This presentation contains forward-looking statements which may be identified by their use 
of words like plans, expects, estimates or other words of similar meaning. All statements that 
address expectations or predictions about the future, including, but not limited to, 
statements about strategy for growth, product development, market position are forward 
statements based on rationale and data. Actual results may vary materially given market 
circumstances. 
I will now hand over the call to Hitesh to discuss the business in detail. 
Mr. Hitesh Sethia, 2:12 
Thank you, Jill. Good evening, everyone. I would like to extend a warm welcome to all those 
joining this earnings call today. At the outset, let me wish you all a very happy festive season 
from all of us here at JFSL.  
We are delighted to discuss with you some significant business updates, and the progress 
made by JFSL on operational execution during the second quarter of financial year 2025.  

 
 
The Indian economy remains resilient and has exhibited robust growth. To support the growth 
aspirations of young and growing country, the demand for all forms of financial services 
remains encouraging.  
At JFSL, we have embarked on a mission to provide the people of India access to seamless 
and digital-first financial services. For this, we are leveraging our deep understanding of the 
Indian consumer, state-of-the-art technology, data analytics, and a wide direct-to-
customer distribution.  
Here, you can see a snapshot of JFSL’s key consolidated financials for the second quarter and 
first half of FY2025.  For Q2 FY25, the company reported a total consolidated income of Rs. 
694 crores and a profit after tax of Rs 689 crores. For the six months ended September 30, 
2024, your company has reported a total consolidated income of Rs. 1,112 crores and a profit 
after tax of Rs 1,002 crores. With a well-capitalised net worth of Rs. 1,37,144 crores as on 
September 30, 2024, we have a robust balance sheet to pursue our growth aspirations.  
This slide is a snapshot of the strong execution momentum underway, which showcases 
multiple products launched in the market during Q2FY25. From loan on mutual funds to home 
loans and corporate lending and from life insurance and general insurance, under our 
insurance broking entity, to salary accounts in the payment bank, we have substantially 
ramped up our product portfolio to cater to the diverse financial needs of our customers.  
I am happy to report that the initial feedback to these products has been very encouraging, 
and there are more launches in the pipeline for the ensuing quarters.  
Being a digital-first financial services player, our JioFinance app is a very important enabler of 
our mission. It serves as a digital storefront for our customers, across different business lines 
of JFSL.  
True to our mission of democratising access to financial services, JioFinance is positioned as 
a #GenAll app, which is easy and intuitive enough to be used by customers across all 
generations. 
We launched a Beta of the app on May 30, 2024, and ran a campaign thereafter to gather 
customer feedback, which was used to further enhance the user experience of the app. The 
result of this entire exercise is the new and improved JioFinance app rolled out on October 
10th. I am very happy to report that around 6.5 million users experienced JFSL’s new-age 
financial services on our digital platforms, and these numbers are only growing as we speak.  
The growth in our user base is also being supported by the integration of JioFinance app with 
MyJio, which was completed during Q2FY25. This means that all the users of MyJio app now 
have access to JFSL’s range of financial services, thereby expanding the customer funnel for 
the company. 

 
 
In Q1 2025, even when the app was in Beta mode, we had launched, we had products 
available on it such as Loans on Mutual Funds, Savings Account, UPI, Bill Payments, and Auto 
& Two-wheeler insurance.  
In Q2, we have added many more products, such as Home Loans (including Balance Transfer), 
Loan Against Property, UPI International, Account Aggregator for multiple bank accounts and 
mutual fund holdings, biometric-enabled payments, and addition of credit card billers for 
leading banks.  
Moving forward, we have mentioned earlier that JFSL’s aim is to be a trusted financial 
companion for customers across every touchpoint in their financial journey, and cater to their 
core financial needs across four categories - Borrow, Transact, Invest and Protect.  
Before we get into the details of each of our subsidiaries, here is a snapshot of how we are 
well placed to cater to the evolving needs of our customers across the four categories through 
subsidiaries focussed on specific financial service verticals.  
Our ability to serve these core financial needs of customers is strongly supported by our 
foundational principles of 4Rs, which is Reputation above all, Regulatory Adherence in letter 
and spirit, Return of Capital, and Return on Capital. These principles guide every decision that 
we take, and provide a very strong foundation for sustainable growth.  
Now coming to specific subsidiaries and their businesses, starting with Jio Finance Ltd, or JFL, 
our NBFC. A diverse array of products are now available for retail and corporate customers, 
through JFL, which has built a loan book of 1,206 crores as on September 30, 2024. 
On the retail side, in addition to Loan on Mutual Funds, we also now offer Home Loans 
(including Balance Transfers), Loan Against Property and Loan on Securities. All these 
products are available at very competitive terms and I am sure our customers will find our 
value proposition attractive.  
We are also present in the market with a suite of tailored corporate finance solutions, 
including vendor financing, working capital loans, term loans and invoice factoring. These are 
helping enterprises grow their business through easy access to timely credit.   
On the  leasing business, Jio Leasing Services Ltd, continued its ship leasing operations through 
the JV with Reliance Strategic Business Ventures Ltd, based out of the GIFT city.  
Moving on to Jio Payments Bank Ltd., or JPBL.  JPBL continued to offer convenient savings 
bank account-related services to Indians and increased the base of CASA customers to 1.5 
million. With a revamped tech stack, customers can now fully open a digital savings bank 
account in under 5 minutes, and avail services including secure, biometric-based 
authentication, and virtual as well as physical RuPay Platinum debit cards.  
JPBL’s savings bank account is helping customers streamline and de-clutter their financial 
statements by allowing them to make routine, recurring transactions through this account, 

 
 
thereby reducing the volume of transactions that show up on their regular savings bank 
account statements.  
At the same time, the JioFinance app also gives customers the convenience of viewing their 
holdings across different bank accounts and mutual funds through a single aggregate view, 
helping them manage their finances easier and better. 
JPBL is also making steady progress in terms of expanding its Business Correspondents, or BC 
network across the country with a base of [LOST AUDIO] being scaled up further as we speak. 
Turning to Jio Payment Solutions Ltd, or JPSL. JPSL has seen a number of new features being 
added to make payments easier for merchants and retail customers alike.  
These include enabling recurring payments on payment gateways, onboarding small 
merchants in under 10 minutes, and bank account verification solutions.  
Credit card billers from leading banks were also added to the JioFinance app during the 
quarter, along with mobile recharge facility for Airtel and Vodafone customers, in addition to 
Jio subscribers.  
In the pipeline for JPSL, upcoming features such as NEFT and RTGS payment solutions for B2B 
invoice payments and Brand EMIs are on the roadmap. 
Moving on to Jio Insurance Broking Ltd, or JIBL. In Q2FY25, JIBL commenced distributing 
health insurance and life insurance directly to customers through the digital channel, and 
expanded partnerships with insurers for auto and two-wheeler insurance.  
JIBL is now offering as many as 24 insurance plans digitally across life, health, two-wheeler 
and motor insurance, directly to customers through the JioFinance app and the website 
jioinsure.in.  
Overall, a comprehensive range of insurance products are now easily available to customers, 
through tie-ups with 31 leading insurance providers across life, health and general insurance, 
and across three distribution channels, that is, Direct to Customer, embedded & ecosystem 
sales, and lastly, institutional sales.   
JIBL also continued to be on a strong growth trajectory in terms of enabling extended 
warranty on consumer durables and devices, with over a million devices covered till date.     
With respect to institutional channel, the growth momentum has been encouraging with the 
onboarding of some large and mid corporates, and employee benefit portal was also launched 
during the quarter for these institutional clients.  
Overall, this business is making good progress in terms of tapping into  increasing demand for 
insurance in the country, by ensuring a steady supply of tailored, bespoke insurance 
products.  

 
 
Regarding our JV with BlackRock for investment solutions, we are very happy to share that on 
October 3rd, 2024, the regulator has granted JFSL and BlackRock in-principle approval to 
sponsor a mutual fund, subject to certain customary requirements being fulfilled.  
This is a very important milestone for us towards getting the final approval for setting up a 
world-class asset management company in the country, which will offer innovative and 
digital-first solutions to Indians.  
We are making good progress in this JV, with respect to hiring the right talent, deploying the 
technology infrastructure, and firming up the product roadmap and go-to-market strategy, so 
that we can offer innovative and digital-first investment solutions to our customers.  
During the quarter, we also incorporated Jio BlackRock Investment Advisers Limited, another 
50:50 JV with BlackRock. This entity will eventually offer wealth management services to 
customers. 
To conclude, as you can see, we have made considerable progress during the quarter gone 
by, when it comes to launching new products in the market. Going forward, we are confident 
of sustaining this momentum with new products being ruled out, rolled out, over the 
successive quarters.  
Along with that, we will also further strengthen the digital distribution of products and 
services through JioFinance app and MyJio, reaching out to new customers.     
We are also leveraging data analytics to sharpen the targeting of customers, based on their 
ability and intent to consume different types of financial services, and optimise the 
proposition for them as we continue this journey.  
This, we believe, shareholders, will help us serve our customers seamlessly and effectively.  
Thank you very much. Now, I would like to invite Mr. Abhishek Pathak, our Group CFO, to 
provide a comprehensive overview of our financial performance. Abhishek, over to you. 
Mr. Abhishek Pathak 14:33 
Thank you, Hitesh. Good evening everyone. And season’s greetings from all of us at JFSL.   
As Hitesh mentioned, the quarter ended September 30th, 2024 has been a significant one in 
terms of strong operational execution, characterised by the launch of new products, as well 
as expansion of our direct-to-customer digital distribution through our JioFinance app.     
Moving on, I am pleased to present the financial highlights for the second quarter ended 
September 30th, 2024.  
Our financial results for this period are prepared in compliance with Indian Accounting 
Standards, as prescribed by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs. 

 
 
As you are aware, JFSL is a holding company and consolidates the results of its various 
operating entities with itself. This includes, the consumer facing entities, namely, Jio Finance 
Limited, or JFL; Jio Insurance Broking Limited, or JIBL; Jio Payment Solutions Limited, or JPSL; 
Jio Payments Bank or JPBL, our JV with SBI; Jio Leasing Services Limited, or JLSL; and Jio 
Finance Platform and Service Limited. 
Further, the consolidated financial statements also include the results of three more entities, 
namely:  
Reliance Industrial Investments and Holdings Limited, or RIIHL, which is an investment holding 
company and a wholly owned subsidiary of JFSL, Reliance Services and Holdings Limited, or 
RSHL, which has been accounted for as an associate, and Reliance International Leasing IFSC 
Limited or RILIL, an entity based out of  GIFT City SEZ in Gujarat, which has been accounted 
for as a Joint Venture with Reliance Strategic Business Ventures Limited, in accordance with 
Ind AS 110. 
All these entities are managed by independent Boards with a robust governance structure. As 
part of the governance framework, JFSL has also established comprehensive group-level 
compliance, audit, and risk functions for effective oversight and monitoring. 
During the quarter under review, two new entities were incorporated:  
Jio Finance Platform and Service Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary, for distribution of 
financial products and allied services, and, Jio BlackRock Investment Advisers Private Limited, 
a 50:50 JV with BlackRock which will provide investment advisory services, subject to 
regulatory approvals.  
Further, the Company received approval from  Department of Economic Affairs, Ministry of 
Finance to increase the aggregate limit for foreign investments in the company, including 
foreign portfolio investment, up to 49% of its paid-up equity share capital on a fully diluted 
basis.  
Coming to the financial performance now.  
JFSL’s consolidated total income for the quarter was Rs.694 crores, as compared to Rs. 418 
crores in the preceding quarter, and Rs. 608 crores in the same period last year.  
This comprised the following:   
Interest income of Rs. 205 crores on interest-bearing assets and investments - predominantly 
income from our treasury book. 
Dividend income of Rs. 241 crores received on shares of Reliance Industries Ltd. held by RIIHL. 
Fees and commission income of Rs. 41 crores on account of fees received by our insurance 
broking and payment services businesses.  

 
 
Net gain on fair value changes on money market and liquid mutual funds of Rs.207 crores. 
The overall improvement in systemic liquidity, and corresponding fall in yields, led to higher 
gains on our treasury book.   
The company’s total expenses during the quarter, including provisions of Rs. 4 crores, was Rs. 
146 crores, as compared to Rs. 71 Crores in the year-ago period, and Rs. 79 crores in the first 
quarter of FY25. This was largely on account of increase in employee cost, and other operating 
expenses pursuant to scaling up of our operations.  
The total expenses also include CSR expense of Rs. 14 crores in Q2 FY25. 
Share of Associates & Joint ventures increased to Rs 225 crores in Q2 FY25 from Rs 218 crores 
in the corresponding period of FY24, and Rs. 62 crores in the first quarter of FY25. This was 
primarily on account of the dividend received by RSHL on its investment in RIL shares.  
Accordingly, the consolidated profit after tax for the quarter stood at Rs. 689 crores, as 
compared to Rs. 313 crores for Q1 FY25 and Rs 668 crores in the same period last year.  
Now, moving on to Balance Sheet items – JFSL’s consolidated net worth stood at Rs.1.37 lakh 
crores as on September 30th, 2024. Consolidated total assets stood at Rs. 1.44 lakh crores, 
with consolidated total investments of Rs. 1.37 lakh crores.  
During the quarter under review, the company invested Rs.68 crores in the payments bank, 
JPBL, to increase its holding from 78.95% to 82.17%. Also, our leasing services subsidiary, JLSL, 
invested Rs.67.50 crores in RILIL.  
Now moving on to the standalone financial performance.  
Standalone total Income for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was Rs. 383 crores, 
compared to Rs 134 crores in the preceding quarter and Rs. 149 crores in the same period last 
year.   
As indicated earlier, the total income is represented by interest income on interest-bearing 
investments, net gain on fair value changes on money market and liquid mutual fund 
investments, fee & commission income and dividend income.  
The total income for the quarter also includes a dividend income of Rs 235 crores received 
from RIIHL.   
Total expenses, including provision, for the quarter, on a standalone basis, was Rs. 55 crores 
as compared to Rs. 36 crores in Q1 FY25 and Rs. 25 crores in Q2 FY24. As mentioned earlier 
this was on account of increase in employee cost and other expenses, in line with our 
operational scale-up.     

 
 
On a standalone basis, the profit after tax of the company during the quarter was Rs.305 
crores, as compared to Rs. 72 crores for the preceding quarter, and Rs 89 crores in the 
corresponding quarter last year.   
The Company’s standalone total assets as of September 30th, 2024 stood at Rs. 24,889 crores, 
with a total investments of Rs 23,952 crores. 
Standalone net worth stood at Rs. 24,813 crores as of September 30th, 2024. 
Even as we continue our growth journey, by accelerating product roll-outs and overall 
operational execution, our endeavour continues to be optimisation of the cost-to-income 
ratios across entities by leveraging a modular and scalable technology stack, and harnessing 
JFSL’s group synergies.  
I would like to conclude by thanking all of you for your continued support, as we strive to 
create value in each of our businesses, and value for each of our stakeholder.  
With this, I would like to hand over the call to Jill. Thank you so much for your time. 
Ms. Jill Deviprasad, 22:47 
Thank you, Hitesh and Abhishek. And thank you everyone, for joining this call. As we conclude 
our earnings call, we invite you to explore the detailed earnings presentation available on our 
website and the stock exchanges. Have a good one. Thank you.  
 
