 
 
 
 
14th November, 2024 
 
1. 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400001. 
2. 
Manager – Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400051. 
 
Sub.: 
Q2 FY 2024-25 Financial Results Conference Call - Transcript 
 
Ref.: 1.  Regulation 30(6) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
2. BSE Scrip Code - 500165, NSE Symbol - KANSAINER 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
This is further to the intimations done by the Company on 29th October, 2024,  
7th November, 2024 and 8th November, 2024 with respect to the Conference Call hosted by 
the Management of our Company on Friday, 8th November, 2024 at 11.00 hrs India Time to 
discuss Q2 FY 2024-25 Financial Results of the Company. The Conference Call was in the 
nature of a group call. 
 
We are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Conference Call for your information and 
reference. 
 
 
For KANSAI NEROLAC PAINTS LIMITED 
 
 
 
G. T. GOVINDARAJAN 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
 
Page 1 of 16
KANSAI 
PAINT 
KANSAI NEROLAC PAINTS LIMITED 
NEROLAC 
PAINT+ 
Registered Office: 28th Floor. A-wing. Marathon Futurex. N. M. Joshi Marg, Lower Parel. Mumbai - 400 013. India T +91 22 4060 2500/2501 I www.nerolac.com 
CIN L24202MH1920PLC000825 
G T 
GOVINDARAJAN
Digitally signed by G T 
GOVINDARAJAN 
Date: 2024.11.14 13:55:16 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
Q2 FY ’25 Results Conference Call” 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANUJ JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR – KANSAI 
NEROLAC PAINTS LIMITED 
MR. PRASHANT PAI – DIRECTOR-FINANCE – KANSAI 
NEROLAC PAINTS LIMITED 
MR. JASON GONSALVES – DIRECTOR-CORPORATE 
PLANNING, IT AND MATERIALS – KANSAI NEROLAC 
PAINTS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANIRUDDHA JOSHI – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 16
[(~~SAi NEROLAC 
11,c,c, Securities 

 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Kansai Nerolac Q2 FY '25 Results Conference 
Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, 
then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Yes. Thanks,  On behalf of ICICI Securities, welcome you all to Q2 FY '25 Results Conference 
Call of Kansai Nerolac Paints. We have with us today senior management represented by Mr. 
Anuj Jain, Managing Director; Mr. Prashant Pai, Director Finance; and Mr. Jason Gonsalves, 
Director, Corporate Planning, IT and Materials. 
 
Now I hand over the call to the management for the initial comments on the quarterly 
performance, and then we will open the floor for question-and-answer session. Thanks, and over 
to you, Anuj, sir. 
Anuj Jain: 
Thank you, Aniruddha, and good morning, everyone. I hope you all had a good and prosperous 
Diwali with family and loved ones. Our greetings to all of you and best wishes for New Year. 
I'm grateful for your continued support and interest in our company, and thanks for joining this 
call for Kansai Nerolac for quarter 2 of financial year '24-'25. 
 
We have already submitted our presentation. And in that presentation, if you go to one slide, it 
basically talks about the diversified portfolio that we have. And that slide basically talks about 
that there is a bit of Nerolac's everyone's life. It also says that we meet all customer needs, and 
we have been adding more portfolio, which also we have shown on that slide. With this 
diversified portfolio, we mitigate risk,  
 
As we have been speaking in the past that we remain the number two consumer brand. And our 
strength is technology, Japanese technology, leadership in automotive and auto coating, and we 
have been leveraging Jingle and Paint+ taking the advantage of, again, Japanese technology that 
also we have been doing. And this basically give us a combination of logic and magic, because 
logic is a technology and magic is all about our Jingle and the connect with the consumer. 
 
If you look at the current business environment, the auto demand is stable. The quarter 1 was 
good. Quarter 2, slight moderation, but October was good. Infrastructure growth and good 
monsoons and easing of crude prices. Some of the challenges are geopolitical and rupee 
depreciation. 
 
Just to give you some highlights of our industrial business. In automotive, as I said, demand was 
moderate in quarter 2, but on the back of our initiatives we did better, and we increased market 
share in automotive. October, I think the last 1 week, 10 days, whatever was reported in the 
channels or news, I think the sale was good. And I think that gives the hope that even in the 
coming quarter, I think the demand could be a little better than quarter 2. 
Page 3 of 16
[(~~SAi NEROLAC 

 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
Our approach, we continue to focus on technologically superior products, which is in line with 
our strategy, and have been launching -- expanding sustainable technologies to reduce resource 
use and carbon emission. So the new segment which we entered, basically to expand the size of 
the market, is the seam sealer, underbody, alloy wheels, and we have been increasing our 
salience in these areas also. 
 
Some of the new products that gives us the edge in this automotive market. One is the high solid 
system, which basically give high aesthetics, also the lower VOC, lower carbon emission, 
shorter drying time that enhances the productivity of the customer, and the cost-effective, the 
less evaporation paint during the drying process. So some of these technologies we have been 
expanding. We are also expanding the polyurethane monochrome system, which is against the 
conventional system, conventional system is the 2 coat, and this also helps in terms of enhancing 
the productivity and also the other parameters. 
 
We also developed some excellent corrosion resistance coatings for -- in the areas of commercial 
vehicles and sectors, basically to overcome field failures of paint peel off due to severe 
conditions during puddling operation in combination with fertilizers. So these are some of the 
examples of the new technology, and there are many more. 
 
If you look at electrical vehicles, the penetration in the 4-wheeler is just about 2% to 3%, and in 
2-wheelers, it's about 7%, 8%. So it is going up, but with a slower pace. 3-wheeler, more than 
50%. And our reach penetration in the electrical vehicle is as good as the conventional system. 
And we are holding the higher market share in this segment also. 
 
In the auto refinish, where our market share is low, the approach was to continue to put our 
systems in A class body shops, and we are expanding that because that's where the premium 
business is there, and we are continuously expanding that business. 
 
The other part of industrial, which is performance coating or the liquid and powder business. So 
our strategy and focus was on performance coating business there, and there we have taken 
actions which we have spoken in the past also. One that we have expanded our business 
development team and feet on the ground, basically in product management or business 
development area through which we have chosen the segment to target and they we are getting 
the approval and matching the product with the customer requirement, because there, generally 
you have to have a customized kind of product to satisfy the requirement of the customer. So 
that's what we are doing. 
 
There is also a large amount of business in High-performance coating, which happened through 
industrial dealers, and they basically cater to midsized or low-sized industries. That's the 
initiative we have taken. And we are expanding our distribution reach to reach out the small 
industries. And our salience of this channel has gone up. This is one segment of the business 
which is better placed in terms of the relative gross margin. 
 
Also, the one approach was approvals in high-end coatings, for example, railways, bridges, oil 
and gas, through use of new technologies. And some of these technologies are like 
fluoropolymer anti-carbonation. So some of the pictures what we have given in our presentation, 
Page 4 of 16
[(~~SAi NEROLAC 

 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
if you can see that these coatings have been applied in Mumbai Coastal Road and bullet train. 
So these are like bridges where we have applied anti-carbonation coatings. So Anti-carbonation 
coating, one, that it is more durable, the other, that it resists the dust and the emissions which set 
on the surfaces, and therefore it helps it looking better in terms of looks also. 
 
We have also applied this fluoropolymer coatings on Trans Harbour, which is popularly known 
as Atal Setu. Fluropon is a very high-end durable coating, which gives a life of about 30 years. 
So this is applied on the steel structures which are there on the Atal Setu. So that's what we have 
done. Vande Bharat also we spoke about, and we have painted many Vande Bharat trains. So if 
you see the trains, which basically show now orange color, blue color, white color, all that is 
Nerolac, most of it is painted by Nerolac. And this is also a high-end epoxy systems and with 
the top coat of some clear that also keeps it clean and aesthetically looks good. 
 
So some of these technology, which we have been saying that in the high performance coating 
2, 3 years back we exited some low-end business, and the high-end business we are entering and 
we are making strong traction there. And based on these initiatives in the performance coating 
divisions, we have done well and witnessed very strong traction and also have a strong pipeline. 
 
If we talk about some of more new products in performance coatings, the IP net coating, which 
is interpenetrating coating, we got the approval from Mumbai Metro Line. And also we 
developed RoHS, which is the hazardous, which is basically that how to make it nonhazardous 
and less hazardous compliance coil coating. That approval also we got from some of the key 
customers. Therefore, based on these technologies and the product launches, our -- the premium 
saliency in the performance coating is going up. 
 
About the segments which we're capturing through performance coating from our side like 
bridge, windmill, appliances, construction equipment, helmet. So overall, our market share is 
good, and we are market leader. But in the premium segment, we have a potential to improve 
our market share. So there, we are focusing on rebar coatings, pipe coatings, alloy wheel and 
construction equipment. 
 
Coming to decorative, some of the growth drivers which we have taken in decorative. One was 
related to our Paint+ and how do we differentiate our products in the market, and that also leads 
to some kind of premiumization. So far, we have introduced more than 25 products, and 10 were 
added in the current year. So total number of products are more than 25. And their salience is 
continuously going up. It is almost in the double-digit range now. 
 
All the new products, what we introduced in decorative in last 3 years, they are contributing 
more than 10% to our sales. And overall, if you look at this quarter our YTD, the premium did 
better, and we had a degrowth in the product like putty in September. 
 
About the new products which I would like to mention here, in fact, last year when we had the 
in-person meeting with all of you, we have demonstrated this product. But some of the new 
products what we introduced, one is the texture range, where there are very high end kind of 
Italian or different kind of finishes. We have just introduced a product called No Dust in category 
like Excel, which is a good proposition at a good value proposition. 
Page 5 of 16
[(~~SAi NEROLAC 

 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
We also launched a range of products and now we have expanded in the quarter 2 the Wow 
white So in fact, in many of the markets the acceptance or the penetration of white shade is very, 
very high. And we have launched multiple products the Wow White. These are best of the whites 
and also this product has a coverage which is higher by 15%. So this range also we are expanding 
and this is definitely our exclusive range, which I think that customer and market will like. 
 
There are some products introduced in construction chemicals and wood finishes. In wood 
finishes, we have introduced 2 component polythene products at a very attractive value 
proposition, and that will help us to expand our business in the wood finishes.  
 
If I talk about the new business, which basically  has premium wood finishes and construction 
chemical and waterproofing. There, continuously our growth is strong. And now our salience 
from new business has gone to a double digit. So I think here, in fact, we feel that our growth is 
better than the market growth. Maybe the salience is still lower, but I think gradually we are 
picking up. 
 
Also in project business, where we expanded our footprint and now we are available in more 
than 75-plus towns. There, also, in fact, we are continuously growing in double digits and doing 
better than the market. And our salience, though it's under indexed, but continuously it is going 
up. And I think as a matter of time that we'll be able to catch up with the market salience also in 
this business. 
 
The other part of decorative strategy was focusing on influencer and services. So 2 years back, 
we introduced NxtGen painting services and the architect program, which we call Illuminati. 
That program, we introduced. And there, in fact, we are making continuous progress now. And 
as of now, about 3% or more business contribution has started coming from this initiative alone. 
This initiative today especially to services, and could be expanded, and we are serving a large 
number of cities. 
 
The architecture program, continuously quarter-on-quarter we are increasing the number of 
architects which are enrolled with us. 
 
So in terms of secondary tracking, because if you remember and recall that we said that one of 
the focus change in decorative is that how do you track secondary sales so that we have more 
control in the business. So almost the categories that's where we run the painter incentives and 
painter program, mostly in the emulsion categories, there, in fact, today, the secondary tracking 
has crossed more than 40%. Number of painters are expanding, and today we have a good 
number of painters with us. And the team, feet on street, who is connecting with this painter, 
demonstrating the product and helping them out to get the business insights. 
 
At the dealer front, distribution front, basically to give a better retail experience, we started the 
initiative called NxtGen Shoppe and shop-in-shop. In fact, we have also introduced the system 
called Mix, which is basically a kind of spectrophotometer. It's AI-enabled, where it is able to 
advise and give consulting in terms of the shade combinations what customers can go for. We 
got a good response from the customers. And today, the NxtGen Shoppe along with this shop-
in-shop model, about 250 are already in place in the market. 
Page 6 of 16
[(~~SAi NEROLAC 

 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
 
In terms of general distribution expansion, we have added about 2,000-plus dealers, and we are 
continuously looking for the expansion, and we have objective in mind for the year. As of now, 
we are on track related to that. So coming to the general performance for the quarter, the top line 
was up by around 1%. EBITDA is down by around 20%. And gross margins were down by 1.7% 
if you compare with the quarter 2 of last year. But if you compare with the quarter 1, then it was 
down by 3%. 
 
There are primarily 3 reasons for that. One is the change in revenue mix because, as you know, 
that we are generally 55% decorative, 45% industrial. But because the industrial growth is higher 
in the quarter, so the mix is in favor of industrial, and in industrial the material cost is higher. So 
that's one main reason why there is a change in the gross margin. 
 
The second reason is the relative impact of price reduction which happened last year. So that is 
the second reason. And third is some material inflation. The material inflation has continued 
until August. From September we are seeing softening of raw material, but that impact is there. 
And partly, we have been able to mitigate through cost reduction efforts, but there is some impact 
on material inflation also. 
 
In terms of the outlook, what we see reports from RBI bulletin and some news that rural trend 
and overall demand is trending upwards. So as of now, if you look at quarter 1, quarter 2, we 
can see some sign, but difficult to comment. In industrial, in 2-wheeler, definitely we are seeing 
uptick in rural. But I think post good monsoons which will help the harvesting on crop, I think 
this is what RBI bulletin says, that rural demand is trending upward. And they also say that urban 
continues to hold firm, which is a little contrary to some of the news which we are hearing today 
that urban slowed down, but I think we'll have to wait and watch. The next quarter will be right 
indicators about what is happening. 
 
Investment activities remain behind with government expenditure rebounding from a contraction 
in previous quarter. So that's a good signal for us that in the second half this activity picks up. It 
will help our project business and also the performance coatings business. 
 
So all the other indicators are like in passenger vehicle, the demand moderated in quarter 2. But 
based on the  last week's sales of October, the inventory has come down in the market, and 
therefore we feel that in the quarter 3, demand could be better than quarter 2. 2-wheeler demand 
is going stable, double-digit demand, and we hope this momentum will be maintained. 
 
Performance coating, as I said, that based on the investment, government expenditure, we expect 
this market will continue to grow. And based on our initiatives and the order pipeline we will 
continue to do well. 
 
Raw material prices, which have seen inflationary trend is in August, towards the end of last 
quarter we are seeing softening, and therefore it can give some advantage going forward. 
 
So this is what I had to say on the quarter 2 and some of the actions and initiatives what we have 
taken. And I'm happy to answer your questions now. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama. Please go ahead.  
Page 7 of 16
[(~~SAi NEROLAC 

 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Abneesh Roy: 
My first question is on the competition. So previous quarter, you had said that your confidence 
level is higher than what it was before 6 months, and now further 3 months has happened. So if 
you could update on how competitive dynamics are currently? 
 
And second is on AkzoNobel. Clearly some form it will get sold, either fully or partly. So 
essentially, we are seeing one large player like Grasim enter, and then one number four player 
kind of exit. So what will be your thought in terms of competition from a, say, 1 year or 2 years 
later once the sale happens and once things stabilize? Do you see essentially that the worst of 
the competition is behind, it is consolidation in that case? 
Anuj Jain: 
Thanks for the question. So Abneesh, on this new entry or this competition, I think the statement 
remains same, because 6 months, 9 months have passed, and we are seeing some traction, mostly 
the impact is different geography to geography. They are more into the numeric reach as of now. 
 
I think it is still early to comment on that, to determine that how it will play out. We are 
monitoring the trend. But our understanding is that such moves stabilize over a period of time. 
And I think our objective is to remain resilient and keep delivering value under this situation. 
 
But I think, as we said earlier also, I think it's a slow pace, this industry, in order to build the 
distribution, the painter, the bank, it takes time. I think that is what is being demonstrated in the 
market today. And I also still believe, as I said earlier also, that overall, unfortunately, for last 
few quarters, the demand scenario is down, but I'm sure it's a short-term kind of thing. It's a blip. 
Because never ever we have seen demand trending low for such a long period. I'm sure that later 
or sooner, the demand will come back. 
 
And in that situation, the size of the industry is good, and more number of players, that helps in 
terms of driving innovation, it raises the standard and expands the markets. So I think that way, 
it's a good scenario. But whatever statement we have made, we stand on that particular thing. 
And I think based on our initiatives, we are clear that how it is panning out but we would like to 
wait for some more time. 
 
On your second question, as of now, not much of comment, because all that is there in media as 
of now that we have not received much information about it. So as of now, it's a little premature 
and too early for us to comment on that. 
Abneesh Roy: 
So one or two specific follow-up here. So in terms of disruption from the new players, have you 
now seen any big impact? You did say some traction in some markets. But in terms of anything 
disruptive in terms of what they are doing, that is one. 
 
Second, again, confidence level, last quarter you said it was higher than 6 months back. Would 
it be fair to say that versus 3 months back confidence level is similar for you in terms of fighting 
competition? 
Anuj Jain: 
Yes, Abneesh, when I said like this, that obviously, it's natural to experience some impact when 
company enter in this manner, but there's no disruption. And when you talk about the confidence, 
and confidence is going up and up only. 
Page 8 of 16
[(~~SAi NEROLAC 

 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Abneesh Roy: 
Okay. And is what driving that? 
Anuj Jain: 
Driving, one is that the initiatives what we have started that segment by segment when we are 
seeing the impact of that. 
 
The second, that earlier, also we used to talk about that if there's a pricing strategy or a different 
pricing strategy which is taken in the market, whether how much it will work, how much it will 
put pressure on the existing companies. 
 
Having seen all that, having seen the response from the customers, from the dealers, from the 
painters, I think that's what gives you more confidence. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My last question would be on the volume growth expectations. So the #2 player has given kind 
of expectation that Q3 will be high single-digit volume growth for them and Q4 most likely 
double digits. And they have been generally claiming to be gaining market share, and data also 
seems to suggest that. Now other paint companies are having a more cautious response. And 
clearly there's a urban slowdown. 
 
If I see from FMCG perspective, there's a very clear indication of that. So what will be your 
expectation of the industry or for your -- not asking guidance. I do understand marriage days are 
high, but these things can get postponed. I do understand it always comes back, so pent-up 
demand can come back in FY '26. But from an H2 perspective, would you also expect that 
industry could grow on a whole on the full 6 months, say, close to high single-digit volume 
growth for the industry? 
Anuj Jain: 
So Abneesh, my comment is that definitely the demand will pick up. There will be uptick in 
demand. If we talk about for the month of October, October Diwali was very early. But if we 
say from Dussehra to Diwali, those, I think, from 12th of October to 31st of October, those 18 
days sale -- retail sale in the market was good. And November/December is a good marriage 
season. So on back of it, we definitely feel the demand will go up. And gradually, it will pick 
up. So third quarter, it will be better. Fourth quarter could be further better. 
 
I would not like to comment on the number as of now that how much it is. I think quantum is to 
be seen. But definitely, we also feel that demand is going to go up. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mihir Shah from Nomura. 
Mihir Shah: 
So with the change in industrial portfolio by entering into the high-end premium segment paints 
in auto and performance coating, and given last year you had exited the low-margin products, 
can you share how much improvement was witnessed in the industrial margin? 
 
And now, with the saliency of the new launches, new products increasing, ideally they should 
have increased. But can you also share what is the difference in margins versus deco and 
industrial paints currently? 
Anuj Jain: 
So Mihir, generally, one is that the margins of decorative are always higher. But in case of 
industrial with a change in the strategy and technology, the product, the premium. So if you 
Page 9 of 16
[(~~SAi NEROLAC 

 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
remember, if you see the history, one, that industrial used to be more cyclical, and second, there 
used to be high volatility when it comes to the margins. 
 
So what we are able to do with these changes, one, that it gives the confidence that the company 
can reduce the volatility, and, on the sustainable basis, one can maintain the double-digit margin. 
So some of the dynamics of the industrial market remain, which we used to handle earlier also 
now also. But with these changes, I think we can produce more sustainable results. So that is 
one thing And what was the second question, Mihir? 
Mihir Shah: 
The difference between industrial and auto used to be about 5%. Has that decreased with all 
these changes? 
Anuj Jain: 
Marginally. Marginally, I can say. But they said that if you see at the gross margin level, always 
decorative margins would be higher. But when it comes to the EBITDA level, because in 
decorative, there would be expenditure on marketing, sales promotion and all those things. So I 
think at the EBITDA level, it  has reduced. 
Mihir Shah: 
Got it. Understood. Secondly, sir, would you still hold your guidance for maintaining margins 
for the full year? And how should one think about margins over the next 2 to 3 years, especially 
given the change in portfolio mix that we are seeing from your side and including the competitive 
intensity that is there in the market? 
Anuj Jain: 
So see, Mihir, when we started the year, obviously, we had estimate of top line growth. And 
obviously, as we have seen the quarter 1 and quarter 2, the growth was lower than that estimate 
of the industry growth. And even if there is expectation that third quarter, fourth quarter, the 
demand will pick up. I think overall growth of the year, the top line growth, is going to be lower 
than what we estimated. 
 
To that extent, there is expected to be some impact on the bottom line. But I think we have been 
talking about that our endeavor is to maintain the margin in the range of 13% to 14%. I think we 
still stay with that. It may be, because of the lower revenue growth, it may be a lower side of 
that range, but we  still our endeavor is to remain in that range. 
Mihir Shah: 
Got it, sir. Sir, lastly, I wanted to check on 2 fronts. One is the differentiated portfolio. I believe 
it's up 10%. How should one think about the differentiated portfolio for the next 2 to 3 years? 
Will that go up by about 15%? 
 
And you have also stepped up your staff cost materially since 1Q. So should one expect this to 
be a phenomenon for this year only, or do you think that it can continue for coming years as 
well? 
Anuj Jain: 
Differentiated products, our -- we have our internal number which I don’t want to speak about 
it. But obviously, we want to keep increasing that number over a period of quarters and year. 
Because as we keep doing that, it gives you more insulation in comparison to the competition. 
So we have been launching products. We'll continue to launch differentiated products, and this 
percentage will go up and up. So our targets are aggressive targets. So let's see how it goes. So 
that's on the, what was the second question. 
Page 10 of 16
[(~~SAi NEROLAC 

 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
 
Our course is basically to back up the initiative that we spoke about. And fortunately, because 
the top line growth is low, as and when the market growth picks up, I think that will get absorbed, 
because cost has gone up because we have given the support to our initiatives. So as the growth 
goes up, which definitely we believe that coming quarters will be better and then coming years 
also will be further better, I think that will get absorbed. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Avi Mehta from Macquarie. 
Avi Mehta: 
Sir, I just had one question. While I understand the near-term weakness that you had cited, but 
you've given the healthy growth in industrial segment, given our Paint+ initiatives, could you 
help us understand how should we look at sales growth and EBITDA margin as we go beyond 
this year? How do you see these initiatives panning out or aiding sales growth and EBITDA 
margins? That will be useful, sir. 
Anuj Jain: 
So in terms of sales, we said that if we compare with the quarter 1, quarter 2, quarter 3, quarter 
4, we are expecting a better growth. And gradually, it will pick up. And therefore, our belief is 
that when we enter the next year or next 2 years, the growth of the market will be back to in line 
with GDP or closer to the GDP growth. That is what we believe, because it's very, very difficult 
to assume that for such a long time the market growth can remain down. 
 
Rural market is showing some kind of positive scenario in industrial, and I'm sure with this after 
good monsoons, it will show in the decorative also. In the urban, we believe that maybe like 
FMCG saying urban demand is low, but if you see in paints today, the project is doing well and 
project penetration in urban market is very, very high. So to that extent, I think even the urban 
market in the paint industry will hold the demand. So I think we feel positive that the demand 
will pick up, and if you'll see next year or next 2 years, demand will be back closer to the GDP 
growth. 
 
And in terms of our bottom line, I think that 13% to 14% we maintain. That will definitely, based 
on these initiatives, that remain our range. And there we have factored the effect of any new 
competition also. And if the effect of new competition is less, it can become better. Otherwise, 
that whatever we have seen in the market, whatever is visible that we have factored, and 
therefore, that remains. That range remains intact. 
Avi Mehta: 
Got it, sir. And sir, when you say -- I understand the industry growth will probably move towards 
closer to GDP growth. But how would you see it playing out for us? Would you expect us to 
continue growing ahead of the market? Or is that -- or I should kind of build in? So if it's -- if 
the industry is growing closer to GDP, it would be slightly ahead of that? Is that fair assessment? 
Anuj Jain: 
Avi, that's our internal target always. And in fact, 2, 3 years back, I think in some of these 
segments, we were not doing that okay. Our growth was a little lower. And some initiatives we 
have taken. And today, we are seeing the results in the new businesses or on the project. And 
because we are under-indexed, I think some difference has been there because of late start. 
 
But at the segment level, I think we have seen that continuously, gradually, we are getting the 
result. And even if we are able to continue this particular phase, I think it's a matter of time. 
Page 11 of 16
[(~~SAi NEROLAC 

 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Clearly, gradually, because that will be sustainable and resilient, I think we should be able to 
cross market growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Darshit Vora from Asit C. Mehta Investment Intermediates. 
Darshit Vora: 
I have a couple of questions. Some part of that has already been answered. But with respect to 
premiumization trend, so what are your thoughts on the continuation of the trend? Is it going to 
be as it has been guided? Or do you see -- and what do you think about the product mix that is 
going to change with respect to more premium segment products doing well and that entering 
into the volumes numbers? 
Anuj Jain: 
Okay. So premiumization, I think last few quarters we have been seeing that the salience is going 
up. And I think that trend will continue. And the premium -- when the premium salience goes 
up, there are 2 things. One, the sale of premium itself is going up. Second, I think in the economy 
segment, the sale is a little muted. 
 
There may be a possibility that when the rural market pick up, I know the economy segment or 
popular segment also start doing well. And if that sale pick up, I think it is overall good. So I 
think from the sales point of view, premium trend will continue. From the salience point of view, 
the economic category picks up. So at least the saliency could be maintained. So that's my answer 
to that. 
Darshit Vora: 
Okay. And with respect to the gross profit margins, where do you, when do you see them 
returning to the previous higher levels? 
Anuj Jain: 
Previous high levels in the sense that, as I said that for the EBITDA margins, what we are looking 
at is between in the range of 13% to 14%. And the gross margin, as I said that in our case, 
quarter-on-quarter basis, because of the business mix, the revenue mix keeps on changing. But 
at the segment level, if you see, ultimately the right indicator is at the year-end. 
 
So I think keeping in mind that what investment we are doing in capability building, marketing 
and all those things, so I think that's how we look at it. And mostly because that your gross 
margin could go up but then there are investments which are planned, what's more important is 
that how EBITDA margins we are looking at in the current situation, maintaining in the range 
of 13%, 14% is how we look at it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhiraj Mistry from Antique Stock Broking. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
So I just have one question. So as you highlighted, post Dussehra until October end, there was a 
good demand for decorative paint. So I just wanted to know the region-wise demand, if you can 
throw some light on that? 
 
And also like some of the consumer companies have been highlighting that, and even in your 
presentation, there is some moderation in urban market. And can you give some color in terms 
of rural demand versus urban demand and whether that has changed compared to previous 
quarter in this quarter? 
Page 12 of 16
[(~~SAi NEROLAC 

 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Anuj Jain: 
Regional level, if we talk about the previous quarters, I think East and North, where you can say 
a little better. And towards the last quarter, I think the West picked up. When I said October, 
what I said is Dussehra to Diwali, because this time, Diwali was on 31st October. Last year, it 
was on 12th of November, and extended monsoon. 
 
So actually pre-Diwali period, the number of days available were very less. So within that less 
period, the demand I'm talking about. Otherwise, for the entire month, because the period was 
short, so even October is – you cannot say it's very good, but it's better than the earlier months. 
 
But I think the demand what we have seen between Dussehra to Diwali and also because there 
are a lot of marriages -- marriage season during November, December, that give us a feeling that 
the demand would be good. The second part you said is...? 
Management: 
Urban market. 
Anuj Jain: 
Urban market, rural market. In our industrial, it is visible. We are definitely seeing uptick in the 
demand of 2-wheeler from the rural. And that's how -- to some extent, the 2-wheeler demand 
has gone down in the urban market, but it has gone up in rural market, and that is how the 
demand is holding. 
 
In the decorative as of now, we have not seen much change. Maybe slight incremental change 
in rural, but as of now our data does not indicate much change in rural and urban. I think next 
quarter would be a better period after the monsoon, how it pans out. So I think we'll have more 
clarity on the next quarter on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
So sir, two questions from my side. First, how do you -- from your long experience in the 
industry, probably what should the industry do right now to revive the growth? Is it the more 
discounting required? Or is it more brand building efforts will be required at spend, etc. or more 
-- where push will be required? So essentially, what should the industry do to get out of this lull 
period? 
 
And again, at least we have not seen any such prolonged slowdown period in the paint industry. 
So probably what should be the guidance in terms of, let's say, at the industry level in FY '26 for 
in a way revival in the industry? That is question number one. 
 
And then second question is one of the MNC paint players is now almost on the block. So what 
will be Kansai's strategy in that case? I mean, again, going for industrial paint -- or industrial 
coatings business of that MNC company will significantly spend and concise on industrial 
portfolio also. So what are the thoughts on -- in this regard? Yes, these are the 2 questions. 
Anuj Jain: 
Very different question you've asked. I think what industry should do, industry should keep 
patience at this moment of time, because our industry has demonstrated for many years the 
equilibrium, the resilience I think market demand will go up automatically because this is 
something related to a macro factor. And it's not industry-specific where industry can take any 
action, and the market discount or those kind of things can only disturb themargins. 
Page 13 of 16
[(~~SAi NEROLAC 

 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
 
So I think at this moment , one should accept it that, yes, the market demand is down and a few 
percentage here or there for a shorter period of time doesn't make difference. I think we should 
wait and we should believe in India's story, that it's just a matter of time when the market demand 
will pick up. Until that time, we should keep patient, and therefore should be able to maintain 
equilibrium. So that's my answer to your first question. 
 
Second question, I have already said maybe it's too early for us to comment upon it. As of now, 
that we are navigating our own actions and seeing that -- how do we keep accelerating the 
execution of those particular things, our strategy in industrial, which we already spoke about 
because we have a technology available. We are working on the approval. So we want to 
continue on that. These are some of the changes which are going to happen in the market, but I 
think it's a little early for us to comment on that particular part. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Viraj from Jupiter Financial. 
Viraj: 
My question is, with so much -- so many initiatives, is it fair to think we'll be growing in high -
- I mean, high single digits from here on, which you talked about early? And the second question 
is, you mentioned EBITDA  of 13%, right? That's my -- yes, that's it from my side. 
Anuj Jain: 
So initiative, if you recall, if you heard our earlier presentation, yes, and we had a situation where 
there was a gap from the market and therefore these initiatives help us in terms of narrowing the 
gap. And today, at the segment level, in some segments, we are growing better. Some segments, 
we are closer. Some segment we may still be lower. I think the first step was that we narrowed 
the gap. 
 
And also because today the business is not that simple. Peers that used to be paint, now paint -- 
within the paint, there are too many things are there. So sometimes the -- always a direct 
comparison with the one company the other company also is not right. What is important for us 
is that, segment by segment, what initiatives we are taking and what traction we are seeing. And 
as of now, we are seeing positive traction. 
 
And obviously, as a company, it is always our endeavor to see that we keep doing better, but 
better on the back of the initiatives. And because our initiatives are showing us the progress 
trend, a positive traction, so we would like to keep being patient and keep working on these 
initiatives so that we are able to get better growth across the market growth based on the 
initiatives. 
Viraj: 
Any number would you like to put on to that, sir? 
Anuj Jain: 
No. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Archana Menon from Morgan Stanley. 
Archana Menon 
Sir, two quick questions. First, if you could help break down the 1% top line growth this quarter 
across segments. And in terms of both volume and value, what would your decorative growth 
be like relative to the industry this quarter? 
Page 14 of 16
[(~~SAi NEROLAC 

 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Anuj Jain: 
 Overall volume growth is around 4%. Decorative would be slightly lower. And industrial value 
growth also is positive. Decorative, slightly negative. 
Archana Menon 
Okay. So do you think that your decorative value growth would be at par with the industry this 
time? 
Anuj Jain: 
Yes, it should be very close to that. As I said that we look at the segment-by-segment level, and 
therefore certain segments which are growing faster today, new business and project business, 
where -- though we are doing better than the market, but our salience is lower, under indexed. 
So sometimes 1% or 2% difference you see because of that particular reason. But the segment 
level will be very close to the market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Goenka from Arka Capital Advisor, LLP. 
Yash Goenka: 
My question had been answered. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mihir Shah from Nomura. 
Mihir Shah: 
Is it possible to share your saliency -- sales saliency across North, South, East, West in deco? 
And which markets are you seeing an overlap with the new entrants? 
Anuj Jain: 
Salience, I have not talked about the numbers, but our saliency is very high in North, followed 
by East, followed by West and followed by South. South, we are a weaker player. 
 
And overlap, I think, because the new players are also -- ultimately, they are like all India 
entrants. So overlap would be there in all the markets. 
Mihir Shah: 
Okay. Understood. Any dealer feedback that you can share in any of the markets that you're 
hearing, what is happening out there in each of the geographies? Or is the same thing across 
geographies? 
Anuj Jain: 
Mihir, not much, because typically trade in fact, obviously, there is some kind of more energy, 
excitement because a lot of talks happening. The number of players are increasing. As of now, 
I think more than the new entrants, the market demand because it has been low and therefore a 
lot of actions are happening from the existing companies also. So the discussions are around 
that. 
 
The new entrant, I think is fine because in 6 months, 9 months, and now people have seen that 
what kind of distribution is coming. Obviously, the products are getting into the market, which 
is, I think -- if you look at 25 years back, there used to be 7, 8 players in the industry, and then 
maybe after a few years, some players exited. 
 
We are going back to the same stage where the number of players will increase. And to that 
extent, market will reset. Even if you see last 10 years, some new players have entered, maybe 
they have taken the approach which was more gradual. And in the gradual approach also, in 
those states, you can see some kind of resetting which has happened. 
Page 15 of 16
[(~~SAi NEROLAC 

 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited
 
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
 
So I think here, the only thing is that the new entrant is more aggressive when they want to go 
with the speed. So over a period of time, I think it just gets reset. And I would say that the market 
feedback is in the same manner what it used to be earlier. Like if you're going to the market, 
there are 4 people or 5 people, generally people talk about then the competitive scenario, what 
is happening. So the number of players have increased, but it still remain the same. 
Mihir Shah: 
Understood. Because when the product launch happened, the pricing was not materially 
different. In fact, we understood that certain geographies, the 10% additional volumes are also 
kind of taken back, while in certain other geographies, they continued. Also secondly, is not 
much of disruption was seen in the dealer margins. Lastly, one was expecting that during the 
festival there was a new ad campaign from their side. One was expecting some more firework 
on -- in the festive season, but that was also not witnessed. . 
Anuj Jain: 
Had it been so simple, anyone could have done it. Had it been so simple, because the band, that 
firework or -- that cannot happen overnight. This is what we've been talking about with respect 
to the entry of any new payer in this industry, the more the merrier. It is good for the industry. 
And we definitely respect the players, the quality of players who are entering, and I'm sure that 
they will put a good marketing effort, which will be good for the entire industry. 
 
And industry should accept it that over a period of time, some amount will get reset, but that's 
okay. And I think what is important is that today players are having a different kind of market 
share, maybe at some stage it will get reset and everybody grows at the right rate, grows at the 
right rate in terms of top line and bottom line. That is how we should look at it. It doesn't happen 
overnight. Nothing happen overnight. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Anuj Jain: 
Okay. Thanks, everyone, for your questions. As usual, the questions are always good insights 
for us. And I think we'll continue to work the way what we have been sharing. And looking 
ahead, I think we are definitely encouraged by the actions we have taken and we are 
implementing. We would like to accelerate some of the actions where we are seeing a better 
results coming. And these initiatives, we believe, position us well to achieve better outcome, and 
we are actively tracking to regain momentum. 
 
I want to assure you of the team commitment, our commitment to creating long-term value. And 
our team is focused on executing this strategy and overcoming near-term obstacles. And we 
appreciate your patience and confidence. Thank you, all, everyone, greetings again. Happy New 
Year to you, to your family, to your friends. Thanks so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 16 of 16
[(~~SAi NEROLAC 
