Matrimony.com Limited 
(CIN: L63090TN2001PLC047432) 
Registered & Corporate Office No.94, TVH Beliciaa Towers, Tower II, 5th Floor, MRC Nagar, Raja 
Annamalaipuram, Chennai – 600028. Phone No. 044-4900 1919 
November 13, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No: C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Call transcript of Investor/Analyst conference call under regulation 30(6) of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Ref: NSE Symbol: MATRIMONY 
         
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the call transcript of Investor/Analyst Conference call with the Company 
held on 07th November 2024 is attached herewith. 
 
The aforesaid information is also being hosted on the website of the Company viz., 
www.matrimony.com.  
 
Submitted for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
For Matrimony.com Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Vijayanand Sankar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS: 18951 
No.94, TVH Beliciaa Towers, Tower II, 5th Floor,  
MRC Nagar, Raja Annamalaipuram,  
Chennai – 600028 
 
VIJAYANAN
D SANKAR
Digitally signed by 
VIJAYANAND SANKAR 
Date: 2024.11.13 
12:40:15 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Matrimony.com Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MURUGAVEL JANAKIRAMAN –MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CEO, MATRIMONY.COM LIMITED 
MR. SUSHANTH PAI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
MATRIMONY.COM LIMITED 
MODERATORS: MR. ABHISHEK BANERJEE – ICICI SECURITIES 

Matrimony.com 
November 07, 2024 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to the Matrimony.com Q2 FY'25 Conference 
Call. 
As a reminder, all participants’ line will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask question after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this call is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Banerjee from ICICI Securities. Thank you. 
And over to you sir. 
Abhishek Banerjee: 
Hello, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities I welcome you to the Q2 FY'25 Earnings Call of 
Matrimony.com. 
Representing the Company, we have, Mr. Murugavel Janakiraman – M.D., and CEO and Mr. 
Sushanth Pai – CFO. 
Thank you for the opportunity to host this call. Over to you, Mr. Janakiraman for your Opening 
Remarks. 
Murugavel Janakiraman: Thank you, Abhishek Banerjee. Good evening, everyone. 
In Q2, due to seasonality, we had a decline both on quarter-on-quarter basis and year-on-year 
basis. While we had two consecutive challenging quarters, things have started progressing in the 
right direction. The first thing is the profiles have started to bounce back. We are seeing a good 
increase in profiles. 
Coinciding with the massive upcoming wedding season, when over 4 million people are 
expected to tie the knot, we have launched 360 deg. Great Indian Matchmaking Fest Commercial 
across India, where we are giving special benefits to our paid users, like discounts from over 
200-plus vendors.
We also started seeing the uptick in the fresh payment. Due to two quarters of decline, renewal  
may take one more quarter, we will see renewal payments to bounce back from Q4 onwards. 
We have taken Anil Kapoor as a brand ambassador to promote Community-based Matrimony 
site. We are strengthening our offering and the processes to increase the momentum in the 
coming quarters. 
We have launched the following offerings: 
We launched an app “luv.com” in the matchmaking space to address next-generation 
serious relationship. The offering will focus on the theme of love before marriage, thereby 
we are building a clear differentiation and addressing the market potential in India. We 
expect to monetize this a couple of quarters down the line. 

 
Matrimony.com 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
We are also experimenting a commission-based model in the wedding services under a brand 
called “MakeMyWedding” in Chennai. This is designed to connect customers with a set of 
curated vendors in Chennai as the initial phase and offering exclusive deals and support through 
a dedicated relationship manager. Whether the customer looking to get married, whether looking 
for a single service or range of services, they need to pay a subscription fee to avail the services. 
Our relationship manager will understand the requirements and he will set up a curated service 
provider. When the customer is interested, we also get a better deal, and also get a commission 
from the service providers. This service is being piloted in Chennai. And apart from the discounts 
and getting the service from the trusted reliable service provider, customers also get special 
discounts on the shopping from the top brands. We have already tied up with the top brands in 
Chennai, including brands like GRT to get a special discount on the jewellery shopping. 
We launched a new line of business called “manyjobs.com” to focus exclusive on frontline and 
entry level jobs. The initial launch was completed for the Tamil Nadu market in both English 
and vernacular. The initial phase will be to build the ecosystem to get traction in Tamil Nadu. 
We need to keep this free till we reach a critical benchmark, acceptance and success. So, this job 
portal is a sort of an India-first, the Grey colored job portal focusing exclusively on the front end 
entry level jobs, and then the focus is only on Tamil Nadu at this point of time. 
We are in the process of launching a business in the area of wedding loans, a customer first 
advisory led lending platform creating an industry-first dedicated category for facilitating 
wedding loans in collaboration with the leading institution. This product will be launched during 
this month. 
I am also excited, and I am proud to state that matrimony.com has officially been certified a 
Great Place to Work by an assessment conducted by Great Place to Work India based on the 
feedback received from all our associates. This recognition reflects our commitment to fostering 
a culture of trust, respect, and collaboration complemented by the dedication and contribution 
of leaders and all our associates. 
Now, coming to the “Results”: 
In Q2, the reason already explained on a consolidated basis, we registered a billing of 111 crores, 
a decline of 5.5% quarter-on-quarter and 5.2% year-on-year. Revenue at 115.5 crores, a decline 
of 4.2% quarter-over-quarter and 5.5% year-on-year. 
The key highlights for the matchmaking business for Q2 are as follows: 
The billing at Rs.109.9 crores, a decline of 5.5% quarter-over-quarter and 4.3% year-on-year. 
Revenue at Rs.114.3 crores, a decline of 3.7% quarter-over-quarter and 4.1% year-on-year. 
We added 2.4 lakhs paid subscription during the quarter, a decline of 6.4% quarter-over-quarter 
and 4.9% year-on-year. 

 
Matrimony.com 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
ATV for the matchmaking business has been flattish both on a quarter-over-quarter and year-
on-year basis. We create about 30,600 plus success stories. 
Now, coming to the marriage service business and other businesses which include that 
investment in other initiatives, the billing were at Rs.1.18 crores, a decline of 2.3 percentage 
quarter-over-quarter and 47.6% year-on-year. Revenue was Rs.1.24 crores, a decline of 37.2% 
quarter-over-quarter and 49.1% year-on-year. Loss in the quarter was Rs.3.64 crores as 
compared to losses of Rs.2.21 crores in Q1 of FY'25. Losses have increased mainly due to 
investment in the launch of new initiatives. 
On the billing and revenue outlook for Q3, the matchmaking billing expect to come back to the 
growth levels in Q3. However, there will be revenue decline due to the muted billing growth in 
Q2. In Q4, we expect both billing and revenue growth to move to a better levels. Marriage 
services, we expect to be at a similar level of Q2. 
Now, let me pass on to Sushanth to comment on the key profit highlights. Sushanth, over to you. 
Sushanth Pai: 
Thanks, Muruga. 
Our EBITDA margin for the matchmaking business in Q2 is at 22.6% same as in Q1 and 
increased as compared to 21.3% a year ago. Marketing expenses for matchmaking in Q2 is at 
45.2 crores as compared to 47.1 crores in Q1 and 46.1 crores a year ago. So, you would have 
observed we have optimized the marketing expenses a bit in this quarter. Excluding marketing 
expenses, our margins in the matchmaking business is at 62%, same as in Q1 and 60% a year 
ago. 
On a consolidated basis, our EBITDA margins in Q2 are at 15.2% compared to 16.7% in Q1 and 
15.1% a year ago. Tax rate in the quarter is at 23.3%. Profit after tax is at 13.2 crores, a decline 
of 5.8% quarter-on-quarter and growth of 5% year-on-year. Share of Q2 loss from Astro-Vision 
which is our associate Company, is 3.5 lakhs. Our cash balance is at 379 crores, declined slightly 
as compared to Q1 due to the dividend payout. ROCE annualized is at about 13%. 
On the outlook for Q3 margins, we expect the profit after tax to be lower than the levels of Q3 
of last year due to the investments in the new areas. 
I would like to end with the customary Safe Harbor Statement. Certain statements during this 
call could be forward-looking statements on our business. These involve a number of risks and 
uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking 
statements. We do not undertake to update any such forward-looking statements that may be 
made from time-to-time by or on behalf of the Company unless it is required by law. 
We can now open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Rushabh Shah from Buglerock PMS. Please go ahead. 

 
Matrimony.com 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Rushabh Shah: 
A few questions from my side. So, since you were spending more in the non-South markets for 
the expansion purpose, so how have you benefited in the terms of revenue and what are your 
further expansion plans? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: Thank you, Rushabh Shah, We have started investing in the last two quarters, as we have seen 
that we have not done much on North India, . We launched the “Great Indian Matchmaking 
Fest”, the campaign in North India. We have also taken Anil Kapoor as a brand ambassador 
exclusively for the northern and western markets. So, we intend to invest in northern market in 
particular. We see that  the advertisement spend has come down in that market and we also did 
not invest much in the market for the last couple of quarters and coinciding wedding season we 
see that now to March,  4 million weddings are expected to take place and we intend to leverage 
that wedding season and also that we realize the need to investing in the northern market. We 
also see the opportunity in the Community-based Matrimony set up. The reason we have got 
Anil Kapoor as a brand ambassador. So, going forward, we intend to invest in the northern 
market. 
Rushabh Shah: 
What I understand from this industry is more the marketing spend, more you are competitive 
and more you are there in the industry. So, is it about the survival of the fittest like who can 
spend more and who can create more brand image in the either people? 
Murugavel Janakiraman:  We have seen an increase in marketing spend much more than what was warranted. But off late 
what we are seeing that the marketing spend has come down in other markets and by other 
players, it's something market specific reduction in the marketing spend or also a player-specific.  
#3 player, fairly now has reduced the marketing spend and #2 player again they've been 
advertising in various markets and they are investing heavily in some other market. And we 
realize that the competition intensity will continue to be there while it's not that all the players 
stopped advertising. So, in a way as I said in the past the high marketing spend may not continue 
for the long term. It's already seen happening in one of the players. We continue to maintain a 
certain threshold as a leader in the category. As we progress we hope that things can get 
optimized. Having said that, even marketing spend, it cannot go beyond a certain limit, there's 
no point in spending beyond a certain threshold. However, as the leader, we need to maintain a 
certain level of visibility and to ensure that our brands are there, sufficient reach and the brand 
visibility. Today not only TV, there's other forms of media also, the media shift has been 
happening. So, you have to have the presence in various mediums. So, yes, there is increase in 
marketing spend happening in the category because of the other players spending that money. If 
that comes down, we also may reduce the marketing spend. 
Rushabh Shah: 
My next question is on elite matrimony. Since a completely different type of clients we have 
with more ARPU, so do we have any plans to grow that particular business? It's very small but 
very profitable kind of business for us. 
Murugavel Janakiraman: Yes, absolutely right. So, you may know that today we have a presence in various airports. We 
are the first Company to set up exclusive experience centers in the various airports. Today, we 
have a presence in eight airports across India for EliteMatrimony and we are definitely looking 

 
Matrimony.com 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
at EliteMatrimony as you rightly said, the premium segment is an opportunity though it's small 
at this point of time. So, we intend to focus, we intend to grow that business as well. So, the 
reasons for setting up our EliteMatrimony experience centers in various airports to create 
enhanced visibility for the EliteMatrimony, so that we have been doing it. 
Rushabh Shah: 
My next question is though customers who do not find their match and are in the mid type of 
service, not in the elite, not in the below type of services, in the mid segment move up the service. 
Murugavel Janakiraman: No, the thing is that for us, Rushabh is that we are selling the right package to the customer, 
what is the appropriate package for the customer. So, not all the customer can move up. Elite 
matrimony is intended for the rich and even for the elite. If someone does not find a life partner 
in the package doesn't mean they move to elite. Elite needs a certain level of network or certain 
criteria to be in matrimony. So, our approach has always been selling the right package to the 
customer. So, the customer can use the online package. We are happy for those customers to 
take online package, some customer needs assistance or better, faster matchmaking we may 
recommend actually matchmaking service. It's not that people move up, it's based on their 
socioeconomic status and what kind of products they need. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investment. Please 
go ahead. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, I wanted to understand in the marriage services business, your revenue has kind of flattened. 
I am trying to understand when can our losses reduce or if you have any plans for making the 
segment profitable and similarly on the revenue what kind of growth can we expect from the 
segment over the next two to three years? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: Sorry, the line was not clear. The question was about marriage services, if that is your question, 
right, Madhur, let me explain. So, for wedding services, there's a WeddingBazaar  with a 
marketplace model. And while that is at a certain level and we see that the business has a certain 
level of potential, but we are looking at the commission-based model. We believe that there can 
be a better opportunity which again we are piloting in Tamil Nadu at this point of time in 
Chennai. So, basically, instead of the WeddingBazaar model where we generate the lead and 
pass it on to the vendor, get a subscription revenue from the vendor, we are looking at getting a 
commission from the vendors. So, that's the model we are piloting it. We think that maybe a 
better model. Again, however, it's still in the early stages. We want to try it out and see whether 
we could be able to make it successful. So, we are confident about pivoting to this model, we 
believe we will be able to make it successful. So, probably a better update in the coming quarters 
and if this business takes up then we could be able to reduce the losses and also move to better 
growth in wedding services. 
Madhur Rathi: 
As I understand, sir, this business seems much more lucrative from our main business and it 
looks like that it can grow much faster. So, on the growth side and at what level can we expect 
at least a break even from this commission if you can just help us understand how are you 
planning because I guess in investor presentation we have highlighted that we have a network 

 
Matrimony.com 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
of 200,000 vendors, so if you could just help us understand how can this become profitable as 
well as what kind of revenue growth can we expect going forward over the next two to three 
years from the segment? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: See, the wedding services today are very minuscule. To be able to get the product markup, right, 
MakeMyWedding where you facilitate wedding services, where you get the money from the 
customer is also committed to the vendor, if this picks up and we can make it right, then 
obviously we may see a better growth. However as I said it's still in the very early stage, we have 
just been piloting in the last month or so. So, too early to comment on that. Again, I told you, 
it's a very miniscule at this point in time in the overall scheme of things compared to talking 
about weddings as an industry, and the next four months alone, the expectation will be that 3 
lakh crores will be spent on wedding-related services. So, that's a massive opportunity. However, 
you have to get the current model, WeddingBazaar seems to be sort of having certain challenges. 
We are now piloting this model. Let's see how it progresses. If it progresses, growth can be much 
better; however, it's still too early to comment on this. 
Madhur Rathi: 
We are currently doing a buyback schedule. Why are we doing a buyback at such a premium, 
sir? There was an opportunity to do a buyback before I guess 30th of September where 
shareholders could have got the taxation benefit, but even that we lost it. So, I am trying to 
understand why did not we deploy this capital much more efficiently than like right now doing 
a buyback? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: Basically, the board evaluates the various ways to reward the shareholders, and so these are the 
second buyback and we discussed with the board and we thought it's better to set at certain 
second premium and it was a board decision on the buy back. Again, as I said, one of the ways 
to reward the shareholders. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Abhishek Banerjee. Please go ahead Sir. 
Abhishek Banerjee: 
In the matchmaking services business, the billings number growth has still been subdued, though 
your commentary kind of suggested that there are going to be a lot more weddings over the next 
few months. So, how do you kind of correlate those two data points? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: So, basically, Abhishek, so we are just focusing on the new model of wedding services. That's 
where the focus is. So, we want to cut down the losses in the other form of wedding services 
though want to focus on the MakeMyWedding. So, this model again, we told you, we are piloting 
only in Tamil Nadu, we just want to get the product right and offering right before we take to 
the other market. The reason for the decline is because of the way optimizing the cost, optimizing 
certain things. So, we want to run the existing business at a certain level and try to achieve the 
break even and profitability and investing in the new offerings in the wedding services. So, that 
was the reason we see that. 
Abhishek Banerjee: 
I am talking about matchmaking services. 

 
Matrimony.com 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Murugavel Janakiraman: I am sorry. So, matchmaking, what we have seen is that in the last couple of quarters, some of 
the market particularly in India, that there's a prolonged non auspicious days for weddings 
particularly market like in South or in some other markets. So, that is one of the reasons. We 
also saw that post-COVID where there was spike in profile growth and after that it subdued . 
However, as we see, the things have started to bounce back, the profiles have started growing 
and also wedding season has started and we also made some changes in the way we do things. 
So, the good thing is that the profiles have bounced back and even in the month of October, there 
is an increase in fresh payment, even in the month of November as we speak there is an increase 
in the first-time payment. But the renewal may take one more quarter because since we are two 
quarters of decline, it may take one more quarter to bounce back. So, while in this quarter we 
may move to the growth level, it still may be very, very marginal, but starting Q4 we see that 
both fresh and renewal moves up, we'll move to the growth levels in both on billing level and 
revenue level. We believe that I think the first time these things happened in the history of 
matrimony. We hope we don't get into any degrowth henceforth. I think that's where we have 
started chasing and working out things. We also executed on new ideas, new things. I believe 
we are in the right path. I think starting now we'll be getting to the growth trajectory. 
Abhishek Banerjee: 
But just to understand, what kind of volume and what kind of realization growth are we 
expecting going ahead? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: We may expect some increase in ARPU possibly from Q4 onwards and volume may also 
increase. But we are not giving a number at this point in time. We have to wait and see how the 
whole thing would work out, but definitely there is an outlook that there could be increase both 
in ARPU as well as volume 
Abhishek Banerjee: 
So, it will be volume-led, that we can assume, right, that is - 
Murugavel Janakiraman: Yes, we expect volume growth and some marginal increase also in ARPU may happen. 
Abhishek Banerjee: 
Sir, given you are also extending your presence in northern markets, how do you expect suddenly 
to increase ARPU on top of that, so, are there any additional services that you are going to be 
offering within matchmaking, how will you manage to do this? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: The one thing is about online matchmaking. We also have premium services. Now, we have 
assisted service, elite service, and also Q4 is normally a good quarter, so a combination of the 
increase in the personal services. So, we expect there will be some margin increase, but mostly 
will come from the volume growth. 
Abhishek Banerjee: 
One of your competitors seems to be doing slightly worse off because of whatever fallout with 
their backers and all. Do you really see any consolidation happening from that side? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: No, we don't see anything at this point of time, but if at all any opportunity we'll evaluate. 
Abhishek Banerjee: 
Now, if I come to the wedding services part of the business, there are startups which have gotten 
into it and they seem to have found a product market fit of some sort. Is there anything that you 

 
Matrimony.com 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
are learning from them? Is that new strategy kind of based on that or is it something we are trying 
on experimental research? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: See, the category, Abhishek, is large enough. So, different models can evolve. So, at this point 
in time, we initially began with the marketplace model. Now we are thinking about this 
commission-based model. So, when the category is large enough, different models may work. 
But based on our experience, based on the large number what we have studied, at this point of 
time we think this is the model we want to go ahead with so let's see how it works. 
Abhishek Banerjee: 
This one is on the new business that you have started in the employment space. So, that is also 
kind of taking on one of your competitors head on and that Company has notoriously been 
increasing their ad spending in the last couple of years. Any reason why you are suddenly getting 
aggressive on this? Is this a planking strategy or is it something that you really believe can 
become a growth driver for you in the future? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: No, we definitely think growth can be there for long run because we are being in the business 
for almost two decades, we understand the consumer fairly very well. We have not launched yet 
another job portal. So, in a way we launched sort of first-of-this-kind. It's focused on frontline 
and grey color job. So, we are keeping this at this point of time limited only to Tamil Nadu 
because we see most of the openings, even most of the attrition, it's pretty much in that segment 
front-end entry-level jobs. We have kept it as bilingual. We want to try it in one market. So, we 
are in a way not competing with any player in this space, we are not competing with the other 
established player. So, we are just focusing on the one segment of the front entry level sort of 
grey color jobs. That's our focus. So, again, we want to keep it at this point of time to get it free 
and we are getting a reasonable number of resumes on a daily basis. And once we reach a 
threshold based on the acceptance, then we may intend to monetize, may take it to other markets. 
Time being we saw an opportunity keeping a long-term outlook of opportunity in India and 
based on our experience we feel there's an opportunity in this space. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Darshan Shah from Multi-Act Equity Consultancy Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Darshan Shah: 
So, my question is regarding this comment that you made with respect to profit for the next 
quarter. So, you mentioned that the profit could be lower next quarter. So, I just wanted to 
understand this is because of certain investments that we are doing and would they be in the 
existing segment or it would be in the new segment? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: So, it's a combination of both. The reason the profit will be slightly less is that we had a billing 
degrowth in Q2. Billing in Q3 may move up, but the revenue will be down on account of the 
lower billing in Q2, plus some other initiatives we launched, that new initiative may call for 
some investment, so plus also the Q3, the wedding season has started. So, there maybe some 
increase in marketing spend on our core business also. The combination of some increase in 
marketing in the core business plus also investing in new business, it may lead to a some drop 
in the revenue compared to the earlier years. However, we are making an investment, we expect 

 
Matrimony.com 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
the Q4 where both revenue will move up and billing will move up, so the profit also start move 
up from Q4 onwards. 
Darshan Shah: 
With respect to the Google, so there was this benefit that we were supposed to get around three 
percentage points. When should we see that kind of flowing through? 
Sushanth Pai: 
I think what you are referring to is that last year we had Google, right, and this year we don't 
have, that benefit has not come. See, this year, what has happened is like Muruga discussed, Q2 
has been a muted quarter, there has been billings fall. And in this year, Q1 also had an unusual 
number of inauspicious days. So, both put together the Q1 billing also fell, otherwise usually Q1 
is a strong quarter for us. So, that created a lower revenue in Q2. And therefore, the overall PAT 
has come down as compared to rather that Google benefit has not come back to us. So, we 
believe that as we go along when things bounce back, we are seeing like we said the fresh is 
coming back, the renewal may bounce back in Q4 and with all of these new initiatives, with 
focus on personalized services, creating this Great Indian Matchmaking Fest, all this put together 
in Q4 we believe that some effect of the profit should come back. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rushabh Shah from Buglerock PMS. Please go ahead. 
Rushabh Shah: 
What is the criteria for EliteMatrimony? Suppose, the person wants to show his profile on the 
EliteMatrimony, so is there a huge screening process or anyone can be on the EliteMatrimony 
profile? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: No, not anyone can be in EliteMatrimony, you have to be elite to be part of EliteMatrimony 
based on networth or income above certain threshold or based on your education or profession. 
Only meeting certain criteria can be made part of Elite Matrimony. It's a private database. It's a 
confidential database. It's also relationship management. By paying money doesn't get you to 
elite. 
Rushabh Shah: 
One question is on the profile. Safety is one of the most important things for us in the matrimony 
platform because we hear a lot of scams we have to do this. So, what are we doing on those 
fronts like lead profiles getting leaked, fake profiles and what are -? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: It's not elite is public, by the way elite is private. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Not just talking about the elite betterment. In general? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: While there are like security measures where the ID verified profiles are there and each and 
every profile go through the mechanism. However, there are some challenges. That's a fact. So, 
there are some people misuse the photos or sometime there are fraudsters try to use the portal to 
create a platform and try to scam people. But when we get millions of profiles, there are 6, 7 
million people added to a platform, the number of such things are however very miniscule. As a 
brand need to be a trusted player, leading player being a leader in this space we need to continue 
to evolve and figure out ways to do that. While we continue to evolve but still there are some 
challenges at this point of time. In fact, a year before we got Vidya Balan, as a brand ambassador 

 
Matrimony.com 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
to educate people on these online matrimony scams. However, the numbers are minuscule, it's a 
concern, it's one of the challenges the industry is grappling with. So, not only in online 
matrimony, the online industry is facing various forms of fraud. So, there are challenges in our 
categories about these kinds of frauds and all the things. We need to figure it out. I am sure as 
we progress we will be able to figure out the ways to address these users. Another challenge is 
that the profiles are not used by self, there are parents and relatives who are users of profiles. It's 
not just created by self which are of 75%, but there are some challenges, we continue to educate, 
and we also continue to evolve and figure out how to completely stop. But at this point in time, 
there's no foolproof mechanism to address this one. So, however, the message we will take, it's 
about users being diligent about it and while our education will communicate to the people that 
don't send money to any prospect for whatever reason. But still some people end up in getting 
duped. So, fraud is one of the challenges, though small, but it's the industry problem that we 
need to address it. 
Rushabh Shah: 
My next question is after someone has got married on Matrimony.com, so do you meet with 
them, or do you call them for their feedback and how do you improve on the negative ones? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: We constantly get feedback from customers. So, product improvement is a continuous process, 
service improvement is on an ongoing basis. So, that's happen regularly. We also reach out to 
the people who are getting married through us. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Any of the negative feedback would you like to say if you have got and you corrected them? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: No, no, see, we are dealing with millions of users with a particular service category, we are not 
offering any product. So, definitely there are ongoing feedback on the product side and how to 
do that, it's an ongoing thing, so nothing one specific I can tell, suggestion of ongoing events 
happening because we are talking with the millions of users. 
Rushabh Shah: 
My next question is we have stated in 2022 that the WeddingBazaar will be 100 crores business 
in the next three to four years. So, are we on that path and how far are we from that sir? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: No, as we told, we are trying out a new model. So, that depends on how successful new model 
is going to evolve into. So, at this point of time, we are piloting it, it is too early. We are talking 
about a very large industry and if we achieve and become successful, but depends on how well 
we execute and how well the people are accepting this opportunity, it all depends, but we believe 
there's a big opportunity, but we have to execute well and ensure that the opportunity what we 
launch became highly successful. 
Rushabh Shah: 
My last question is, as you said, you were in this business for a couple of decades. So, how has 
the transition been on the online marriages in the past, let's say, eight to nine years? Have people 
been more accepting to do a marriage online which they didn't think about it before? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: Absolutely. So, today online matrimony is one of the most preferred sources of finding life 
partners for anybody who is looking at getting married. The industry is doing more than two 

 
Matrimony.com 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
decades and it's well accepted and most preferred method of finding out the partners. So, that is 
already happening. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Saxena, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Amit Saxena: 
I understand that we are a market leader and we have a market share close to 60% Pan India. 
But when it comes to the region wise split, I would like to know what kind of market share we 
have regionally? I understand in South we are at the top, but probably in north we are weaker. 
So, can you give us the sense of the market share in the four regions? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: While definitely we have a very high market share in the South and definitely we are a leader in 
the west as well as in the east. Very difficult to quantify what level of leadership in the West and 
East, but one other player we need to catch up. That's the reason now we have once again started 
investing in the North Indian market, as I said, we have got Anil Kapoor as a Brand Ambassador 
for Community Matrimony and we also started investing for the upcoming wedding season, we 
are launching a Great Indian Matchmaking Fest. So, we hope that going forward with that focus 
on the North Indian market with both our Community Matrimony as well as for Bharat 
Matrimony, we believe that we could increase the market share in North India. So, at this point 
in time, what is the exact percentage? One thing is we definitely need to catch up with one market 
but we hope we can make inroads in the north Indian market. 
Amit Saxena: 
So, related to that, the marketing expense that we do on a yearly basis, which probably went 
from 150 crores to say 200 crores which is the annual run rate, is it right to assume that a larger 
portion of that goes to the North Indian market where you want to capture? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: North is definitely an expensive market. Yes, some portion will go in north market. Again, the 
marketing spend also some time based on seasonality. We have also done some adjustment. It's 
not a static investment of so much goes to North India. Within the marketing it depends on 
seasonality, depends on the opportunity, we do some kind of adjustment in the marketing 
campaign. For the last couple of years, we did not invest in North Indian market, now we'll see 
the time to invest in the North Indian market. So, those kind of adjustment you do and again our 
budget is broad-based across India. So, we do spend some moment of money in the north Indian 
market, but north is quite expensive market also and GECs are quite expensive. Yes, it depends 
on the region, it depends on the opportunities in the market and depends on the media. Yes, the 
budget get allocated accordingly. We don't have any sort of proportional allocation, okay, this 
much budget is for north, we try to juggle out the marketing spend according to the opportunity, 
according to the seasonality also. 
Amit Saxena: 
Sir, on the (ATV), the Average Transaction Value, which you reported is roughly 4,500 per user, 
I understand it's a blended average but due to say our new initiatives like Jodii for which ATV 
will be much, much lower or EliteMatrimony which will be much, much higher than average. 
So, is it right to assume that the blended average of 4,500 is per our basic or the starting product 
and is not blended because of the other products like elite or Jodii because they are at very 
different price points. 

 
Matrimony.com 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Murugavel Janakiraman: No, It's blended because elite and all are a very small part of our revenue. So, it's a blended, it's 
a combination of all the packages put together. 
Amit Saxena: 
Yes, but majorly will be the three or six-month package in the normal space that we offer. But 
what I wanted to ask is do Jodi or Elite Matrimony start over this average number, I mean, are 
they as big as that can distort the average number? 
Sushanth Pai: 
It's a smaller business. So, it doesn't distort the number. There is a proportion of the elite as well. 
Murugavel Janakiraman: Yes, there's a proportion of the elite. There's a proportion of assisted as well which had higher 
ARPU. At this point in time, what we see is blended, including Jodii online, assisted, elite. So, 
if the premium services goes up, the ARPU increases. If the bottom of the pyramid increases, 
the ARPU goes down also, depending on which segment of the category growth. So, accordingly 
ARPU maybe move up or move down. 
Amit Saxena: 
If we see the last five year trend, we do see that the number of users are going up, probably from 
7.5 lakhs five years ago to say probably 10 lakhs now on a yearly basis; however, average 
transaction value has been more or less tepid, so is it correct to assume that, I mean, we don't 
have much pricing power on the average transaction value given that the kind of inflation we are 
seeing is going on in the last five years, we don't see any improvement there. 
Murugavel Janakiraman: I think you have to see it differently because it was not the case of five years ago we had Jodii, 
which was priced very low, so we didn't have that offering. So, we included Jodii, obviously 
with a price being very low. So, the blended ARPU also include Jodii as well. So, if you have to 
exclude Jodii, ARPU would be better, but ATV what you are seeing is the blend of all this 
package including Elite, Jodii and everything. That's the reason the ATV is at this level. So, yes, 
one thing to look at that we also not increased the price in some of the segments. So, some 
segment we try to sell it at a different price. So, yes, today, online is operating at a certain ARPU 
which we have not increased the price for some time. However, we see the opportunities in the 
premium segment and that has been going up. So, we may achieve progress, we may increase 
the price. In the last couple of years we have not done much on the price. As we progress, we 
may look into the scope to fine-tune the price. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further question, I would now like to hand the conference over to management 
for closing comments. 
Management: 
Thank you, ICICI Securities for hosting this call. If you have any further questions, you can 
write to us. Have a good day 
Murugavel Janakiraman: Thank you so much and look forward to connect with you in the next quarter. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
