 
Date: 22nd November 2024 
 
 
Sub: Transcript for Earnings Call held on 15th November 2024 for the quarter ended on                      
30th September 2024 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Please find attached the Transcript for Earnings Call for analysts and investors held on 15th 
November 2024 to discuss the performance of the company for the quarter on 30th September 
2024. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
For Ashiana Housing Ltd. 
 
 
 
 
Nitin Sharma 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer)  
Membership No. 21191 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ashiana Housing Ltd. 
304, Southern Park, Saket District Centre, 
Saket, New Delhi – 110 017 
CIN: L70109WB1986PLC040864 
Regd. Office: 5F Everest, 46/C Chowringhee Road, Kolkata – 700 071 
011-42654265, Email: investorrelations@ashianahousing.com 
Website: www.ashianahousing.com 
To 
The Secretary 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Security Code No.: 523716 
To 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: ASHIANA 
NITIN 
SHARMA
Digitally signed 
by NITIN SHARMA 
Date: 2024.11.22 
15:22:00 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Ashiana Housing Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 15, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VARUN GUPTA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, 
ASHIANA HOUSING LIMITED 
MR. VIKASH DUGAR - CFO, ASHIANA HOUSING 
LIMITED 

 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Ashiana Housing Limited Q2 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Binay Sarda from E&Y Investor Relations. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Binay Sarda: 
Thank you. Welcome everyone and thanks for joining this Q2 FY25 Earnings Call for Ashiana 
Housing Limited. 
The “Results” and the “Investor Presentation” have been mailed to you and it is also available 
on the Stock Exchange. In case if you have not received the same, please write to us and we will 
be happy to send it over to you. 
To take us through the results for this quarter and answer your questions, we have today with us 
Mr. Varun Gupta - Whole-Time Director, and Mr. Vikash Dugar - CFO. 
We will be starting the call with a brief “Overview” of the Company's Performance of this 
quarter, and then we will begin the Q&A session. I would like to remind you that everything 
said on this call that reflects any outlook for the future, which may be construed as a forward-
looking statement, must be viewed in conjunction with the uncertainties and risks that they face. 
These uncertainties and risks are included, but not limited to what we have mentioned in the 
prospectus filed with SEBI and subsequent annual reports, which you will find on our website. 
With that said, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Vikash Dugar. Over to you, sir. 
Vikash Dugar: 
Thank you, Binay. Good afternoon, everyone. I hope all of you and your families are keeping 
healthy. I welcome you to discuss the performance of the 2nd Quarter of FY25 for Ashiana 
Housing Limited. Thank you for joining us today. 
Area booked recorded at 7.29 lakh square feet in the 2nd Quarter of FY25 vis-à-vis 4.43 lakh 
square feet in the first quarter of current year. Increase in area booked was attributable primarily 
to launch of Ashiana Amarah Phase-4 in Gurugram wherein 2.95 lakh square feet was sold out 
of 4.79 lakh square foot. Value of area booked was recorded at Rs. 672.54 crores in the 2nd 
Quarter vis-a-vis Rs. 235.32 crores in the first quarter of FY25. Total pre-sales for H1 FY25 
stood at Rs. 907.86 crores. We constructed 6 lakh square feet in the 2nd Quarter vis-à-vis 4.9 
lakh square feet in the first quarter. Total construction for half year of the FY25 was at 10.92 
lakh square foot. However, as anticipated, our total revenues are lower for the quarter at Rs. 
59.53 crores vis-à-vis Rs. 128.51 crores in the first quarter reflecting the lack of product 
deliveries during Q2 FY25. 

 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
Likewise, our PAT for Q2 FY25 stood at negative Rs. 7.55 crores. This performance was mainly 
due to the fact that aside from one Phase-in Ashiana Shubham in Chennai, no new phases were 
delivered in the first 6 months of the current year. That said, we are optimistic about a strong 
second half with several key projects’ delivery scheduled which would positively impact our 
full year earnings and profits. We continue to maintain our guidance of Rs. 2000 crores of pre-
sales in the current year. 
Pre-tax operating cash flow was recorded at Rs. 78.18 crores for second quarter vis-a-vis Rs. 
75.29 crores in Q2FY24 and Rs. 74.92 crores in Q1 FY25. Pre-tax operating cash flows for the 
H1FY24  was at Rs. 153.11 crores. Cash flows continue to be healthy due to higher collections 
driven by better sales across projects in general. 
On this note, I would like to conclude my remarks. We will now be happy to discuss any 
questions or suggestions that you may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Shivam Prashar who is an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Shivam Prashar: 
I just want to ask that is there any plans of buying land in Gurgaon as you don't have any other 
land other than the Sector 80, HSIIDC 1? 
Varun Gupta: 
Shivam, as of now we don't have any active ongoing negotiations in Gurgaon. We continue to 
look for parcels, but in our opinion, the Gurgaon market has become very expensive on the land 
side and at these prices, we are finding very hard to find commercially viable transactions in 
Gurgaon at this moment of time. So, we are in conversations, but very slow overall in the off 
take there. We are focusing more on other neighborhoods where we find commercial viability. 
Shivam Prashar: 
So, sir, like this, we have been listening from past couple of quarters that you are finding 
Gurgaon expensive. But if we look at your peers, everyone is buying land in Gurgaon, so is there 
any specific reason that we are not able to find the land at good prices or the peers are getting it 
at a higher price? 
Varun Gupta: 
Well, that is a matter of relative perspectives. Whatever the peers have paid for lands in auction, 
which I am aware of prices, they were significantly above the price I would have been willing 
to pay in some of those auctions and we looked at in NCR, we participated in two of those 
auctions and the final closing price was significantly ahead of our walk-away price and so in our 
opinion, those prices are expensive, but this is all relative right. So, they might have a different 
lens to apply to the market and that is their view. 
Shivam Prashar: 
And sir, what will be the price realization per square feet in the Sector 80 land that you are 
having as compared to the Amarah? Will it be lower or higher because it is far from Amarah, I 
guess? 

 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
Varun Gupta: 
Hard to comment on it Shivam, it could be either higher or lower but not going to be too further 
away from each other, so it is going to be similar price points, a tad bit lower or a tad bit higher 
will depend at the time we launch the project and at that market scenario at that specific moment 
of time. But we expect them to be not very divergent in price . 
Shivam Prashar: 
And sir, any update for the balance units of Phase-4 and Phase-5 of Amarah? 
Varun Gupta: 
So, there is, in the sense of Ashiana Amarah Phase-5, that launch is expected in the fourth quarter 
of this financial year. We are working on RERA application there which we hope to post soon 
and then after RERA go ahead and launch. And Phase-4 of Amarah, we continue to sell Phase-
4 Amarah and the total units sold in the quarter and as on date in the project are updated in the 
deck that we have given and the launch sales were anyways given out separately. So, we have 
sold a few units since launch and October sales were also good in Amarah Phase-4 from a 
sustainable sales perspective. 
Shivam Prashar: 
Sir, what is the pricing on the balance Phase-4, even like it is higher than the previous one or it 
is lower? 
Varun Gupta: 
Yes, the unit pricing is higher because the launch discounts have been taken off the units and I 
hope to continue to increase pricing as well. So, I don't know when the next price increase will 
come, but the launch discounts have been taken off. So, effective pricing is done. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from 
BugleRock PMS. Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Sir, my one question was, we did a premium housing project, Rs. 140 crores in Jaipur. What are 
our key learnings and what is the potential for such projects in Jaipur? Can it be a 3-4 lakh square 
feet product every year in Jaipur, which can be higher margin mass? Any thoughts on that pricing 
product, 8000-9,000, is it possible? 
Varun Gupta: 
We call them Elite Homes, Himanshu, so a good question over there. So, one learning on that is 
that the audience here that comes in is very different from some of the audience that we have 
been regular catering to, some of it is what we have catered to earlier, maybe they had invested 
in other projects and now buying to live here because now they suit their requirements. So, one 
learning was that there are customers who are searching for this kind of offering from Ashiana. 
So, there were a customer pool, so the hypothesis which went correctly that there was a customer 
pool which wanted Ashiana kind of projects in Jaipur, but in bigger sort of size and a little bit 
closer proximity to the city which One44 provides. And I think that has been our biggest sort of 
learning that there is a market for this, and we have learned how to sort of a little bit position 
this, how do we sort of cater to their needs so there have been some sales learnings also along 
the way that we have gone ahead and done. And yes, I see about 2-4 lakh square foot annual 
market for Elite Homes in Jaipur for Ashiana to play out. It will take some time to build out 
because we will need to do a couple of more projects before we can start doing this sort of an 
annual basis. Maybe take another project of 4-5 lakh square foot and then take it from there into 

 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
the next step and then take it from there would be the ideal way to go about doing this. But 
definitely seems like there is a good market for this in Jaipur. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And one more question on Jaipur only. The land we are leasing in Jaipur for residential 
development of 20 acres, can it be possible that the other developer from whom we are buying 
this land or not buying but leasing also launches the project if they see success in our launches 
and can lead to increased competition in that micro market as they have a huge land bank? Or is 
there some exclusivity that for next 3 years, we will have the first rate of launches and selling 
that market and then the other person can come up, any thoughts here or because it is a residential 
housing or a jungle purpose housing, not senior living what we did with them in Chennai? 
Varun Gupta: 
So, two-three things, Himanshu, A, even though it is a lease, it is effectively a buyout because 
that is the structure in Rajasthan. Even though all our regular projects earlier have been 
leasehold, freehold came in very later in any way so it has been a sort of a generally, it is a very 
long tenure, 90-year lease kind of a structure, so they are not, they are effective in commercial 
substance they are sale of land. And we are going to develop and do that. That is from a 
commercial substance perspective. And yes, the landlord is free to go ahead and develop 
themselves. They are free to sell other parcels to other developers who can also come in. At this 
moment of time, I think more development there would actually be good for the neighborhood 
because actually it will develop the neighborhood. And second, having done Ashiana Umang 
with the size and scale it is there in that micro market and our brand name in Jaipur in general. 
In my opinion, we are market leaders there and we will set the tone in the market, so we don't 
worry about competition so much coming in that perspective because our products are very 
differentiated as of now and we do enjoy decent cost structures as well. So, I would be actually 
happy if few more developments came because they will perk up the market and therefore create 
a different level of activity in that neighborhood as compared to here, right and it will not create 
an oversupply situation to me even if two-three more developments came in at the same larger 
developments. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
We have got a CC  for Ashiana Utsav in Lavasa. Any thoughts on when we want to launch it 
because the CC we got in July, and it is nearly 4-5 months, we have not launched it, so any 
thoughts here? 
Varun Gupta: 
Yes, we have not put a specific thought to that yet, Himanshu. We have been trying something 
alternative with it to see if we can find one single buyer or some other thought process of leasing 
it out in between. So, there have been some alternative options being explored. So, it is hard to 
comment exactly when we will take that up. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Rohit from iThought PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohit: 
So, sir, based on your slide 16 on the presentation, is it correct that, you sold, in terms of 
deliveries for this year, you have a delivery of at least Rs. 657 crores in this year. So, based on 

 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
that around Rs. 480 crores would be in the coming H2. Is that understanding correct, sir? And 
this would increase as well? 
Varun Gupta: 
Yes, that understanding is correct. Rs. 666 is what we expect to deliver if things go as per plan. 
And if you remove the first half, whatever is left should come in the H2. That is correct. And 
another Rs. 90 odd crores of unsold stock in those projects are remaining depending on how the 
pace of sales on those projects continue, that should also come up for delivery. And there is some 
completed unsold inventory like Ashiana Town where we have sold which will come up a little 
bit more over and above in top of this. 
Rohit: 
And sir, it was good to see that you have done two land deals, one in Jaipur which you briefly 
spoke about just now and then also in Bangalore. So, both are sort of expected to be complete 
by when? I think there are some CPs left, so just wanted to get a sense? 
Varun Gupta: 
We think the Jaipur-1 as a 90-day period is expectations from the date of the agreement. So, let 
us say early next quarter is when we hope that it will get concluded. And about 4 months for 
CPs in general is what we would expect in Bangalore from the date of the agreement. So, again, 
middle of next quarter is what we would sort of expect those CPs to get completed and for us to 
do this forward on the same. 
Rohit: 
And once done, then how long would be the launch specifically in Bangalore because it is a new 
market for us? So, how long would you take to sort of get to a launch kind of level? 
Varun Gupta: 
12 to 18 months is what my general expectations are. I am hoping we can move things faster, 
but yes, that is what I would say would be, 18 odd months is what I would take in back overall. 
Rohit: 
And sir, you are still maintaining your Rs. 2,000 crores of presales guidance. So, that would 
mean that we need to do Rs. 1,100 crores in the second half. So, what are the key new launches 
that you have in the second half? 
Varun Gupta: 
So, we have Amarah Phase-5, we will be launching Phase-2 of Nitara, Ekansh Phase-4, Ashiana 
Swarang, Ashiana Amodh Phase-2. There is some more in Tarang as well. Of this, the biggest 
piece would definitely be Ashiana Amarah. 
Rohit: 
And, sir, in the ones that we have launched already, if I am looking at your slide 15, so I think 
in most of the projects, so we have about 75 lakhs of saleable area, and you have booked about 
58 already. Between the ones which are significantly, there is some bit of unsold and I think 
some of this is launched recently also. So, but just wanted to get a sense of there is this Advik 
Phase-2 that seems a bit slow. Is that correct or we have quite a bit of portion unsold, so is that 
slowly moving or my understanding is wrong? 
Varun Gupta: 
What Ashiana Advik if you look at it has been doing about 30,000-40,000 square foot on average 
a quarter and that is fine. Ashiana Advik Phase-2 was launched in the first quarter of this year. 
And senior living projects are not that we get a rush of sales at launch. We generally sell the 

 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
project through the life. So, at 40,000 Square feets a quarter, we will be okay with it. There is 
no challenge. And so I am not uncomfortable at all with Advik's sale volume. 
Rohit: 
And on similar lines, sir, on Malhar and Pune, Phase-3? 
Varun Gupta: 
Yes, again Phase-3 was launched in Q2 actually. So, Phase-3 the sale volume is at completely 
at launch. We have also wanted to move in Ashiana Malhar from selling very quickly at launch 
to be more comfortable with selling progressively as long as we get a better price. Pune, our 
pricing was a little bit of a concern to us. And Phase-1, 2, we wanted to sell a lot of volume to 
get the project going. In future phases, we are okay with a little slower sales because you still 
have time in the project, so cash will anyways come in as when the project will get built, but the 
project has gotten a sense of financial security now to get through and get going and put that 
together. So, pricing will definitely move up and with that in mind I think Malhar was also 
considered the same way. If you look at even it is Amarah Phase-4, we didn't sell as well in 
terms of square foot volume as Amarah Phase-3. But we nearly achieved as much sale price in 
total revenue terms because we up the sale prices and we want to continue to sort of get some 
pricing there as you go forward because we are in the later phases of the project. 
Rohit: 
Sir, just two questions here. Any sense on what kind of profitability will you see? 
Varun Gupta: 
I think profitability for this year would probably be very similar to last year except for Ashiana 
Advik which is a high profit margin project, cheaper land and all. It is FY26 onwards where I 
see our overall profit profile changing significantly 26, 27, 28, those will be higher margin 
projects in general. This year, again, similar to last year kind of profit margins, last year, I believe 
we did a 9% PAT margin if I am correct, so somewhere probably around there, maybe a tad bit 
better than that. 
Rohit: 
And sir, just last question is, so from here on, this year FY25, I think we do close to Rs. 2,000 
crores, we don't have a lot of surplus land now less to really continue with the growth rate that 
we would want given the upcycle. And like you mentioned, obviously, the land prices are going 
up. So, 2-3 years out, how do you see, of course, next 2-3 years, the deliveries are going to be 
up, so your reported numbers will be better and at better profitability also. But from a pre-sales 
point of view and scale of our business, how do you see that we have scaled up a couple of cities, 
Gurgaon, Pune, also now, hopefully entering Bangalore now, so would be glad to hear some of 
your thoughts? 
Varun Gupta: 
From a management perspective, this challenge comes in right now is to should we deploy 
capital at these times in the market largely, we find the lands overpriced, but sales velocity is 
good, should we keep speeding the sales pipeline to improve pre-sales and is that the only thing 
we should look at or should we be a little bit more fearful that if things turn off and if we have 
overpaid for land, where will we get stuck and how will the markets behave? Unfortunately, 
there is no sort of straight-line answer to this. 

 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
My view though has been that let us worry about annual pre-sales a little less. Our objective is 
to create the capacity to do those, have the brand, have the sales machinery, the construction 
capacity and do that. Can we live with a little bit of aberration here or there, we probably could. 
So, first of all, yes, pre-sales couple of years might be out, but for me, whatever we have on 
stock right now, if we sell this, build this out, we can recognize close to Rs. 2,000 crores of 
profits from it. And if we can get that in the next 5-6 years, from an earnings and its growth 
perspective I think will be solid from the kind of base we are at and let us say we realize these 
entire profits by 31st March 30 which we intend to do between this kind of number from our 
total revenue cash flow earnings, return on equity, return on capital employed, we are sort of 
doing very well compared to the current net worth, current profitability and we do out there. But 
then the question of pre-sales comes in and stays with us. 
So, the way we have looked at it is this that we will allocate capital from a ROE lens and where 
we find capital line very expensive, we will see what we can do to ensure that our return on 
equity remains good. So, one is either lower the capital employed through joint ventures, second, 
look at smaller scale projects like we had taken up One 44 in Jaipur which is 4 lakhs square foot, 
we have taken up another small project in Jamshedpur, again, very little capital employed but 
can you buy small amounts of stock that we can turn around a little faster and quicker. So, even 
if we have risk on the stock becoming too expensively priced, my risk is limited to a smaller 
number. So, that is second. 
Third, can we find pockets of value where people are not looking, where I can still see to make 
good margins and numbers? So, we saw this opportunity in Jaipur, so we have gone ahead and 
done a large transaction. Again, these are things where I can be completely wrong, right, future 
might tell me otherwise. But that said, we saw that in Jaipur we have delivered a project, which 
also we do something larger. So, we are looking at it from that lens and to do and see senior 
living is another way we want, where we can find opportunities to do more scale and continue 
to increase that number. So, that is the way we are chipping away at this problem right now, 
slowly and slowly and get there. Right now, we have good stock from another couple of year’s 
perspective for the next 2 years. After that a little bit of challenge might come in, but we have 
made up our mind if we might be like in Gurgaon, I would rather live with the problem of not 
having something to sell for a year or two rather than having the problem of having such an 
expensive land that selling it at profits or even a regular return just becomes very difficult and 
we don't have the flexibility of having the liquidity available to respond to it as well. Between 
those two errors, I would rather make the error of not having enough stock to sell. That is 
according to me which side we will err on because having cash does provide flexibility in that 
aspect. So, that is where we are coming from and I can tell you this much in my opinion now we 
can see some signs of frothiness in a few markets, sales are not going as well for some developers 
that we are hearing some slight reduction in prices, oversized units and some of that will start 
getting talked more and more about in some micro markets. 
And I am sort of kind of glad in some of the places where we did not do transactions, like in 
some auctions where somebody paid a lot more than usual. And you feel bad at that point in 

 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
time, like, why didn't I get a deal that I want? But we look at it now and we are like, yes, that 
was a good thing we did not. We shouldn't have paid that. So, that is how I am thinking about 
this, that rather err on that side that we had rather not have stock to sell than having overpaid for 
stock. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Saket Shah who is an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Saket Shah: 
Sir, my question was, how are we planning to raise the funds for expansion and is there any 
roadmap for its utilization and improvements in margins in our projects? 
Varun Gupta: 
So, 2-3 different things. So, first, if we are going to raise money, we will raise money by way of 
debentures or loans. We have a platform tied up with IFC to invest in our funds and that is Rs. 
225 crores platform. We will be utilizing some of that platform for some of our projects. We 
have also probably taken up approval to raise secured debentures. In case, we need to do some 
secured debentures like we did two ICICI approved earlier on in the year, we can do that and 
take some construction finance if needed. But construction finance will be a small piece because 
most of the funding we will need probably will be for land acquisition. But we will do that at 
that time when it comes to acquire more lands and as and when we go ahead and do that. And 
operating cash flows remain very robust and strong. We have had over Rs. 150 crores of pre-tax 
cash flows from current projects in this half year already, and they seem to be robust. 
And on margins, as I elaborated earlier, from FY26 onwards, I would see margin expansion to 
start happening for us because the higher margin projects will come up for delivery like Ashiana 
Amarah, Ashiana Ekansh, these are higher delivery projects, margin projects, Nitara, Prakriti, 
Advik, basically things we have launched over the last 3 odd years are the ones which are higher 
margin projects. And as and when they come for delivery, you will see better reported margins. 
Saket Shah: 
And in terms of current ongoing projects, do we see any cost overruns and environmental 
compliance costs or cancellations with respect to any projects and will they affect our other half 
of FY25 sales? 
Varun Gupta: 
Right now, we continue to have a guidance of Rs. 2,000 crores of pre-sales for this year. I don't 
know what the future will look like, things change or events come in. I honestly don't know, 
Saket, to comment on the same. From a cost perspective, costs in general have been increasing 
and we will continue to increase because of compliance, the environment and construction costs 
therefore, will go up in that regard. But that said, I expect even after that margins to continue to 
improve because the kind of pricing we have sold some of these units at, I think we will have 
good margins, FY26 onwards. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Goel from R Systems. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Saurabh Goel: 
I had a question related to profitability. However, I already got the answer from Himanshu’s 
questions. But still, I have a question related to profit margin. So, how much profit margin we 
are expecting for upcoming years, 25, 26, and 27, if we are talking about some estimation?  
Varun Gupta: 
In FY26, we should hit low teens, or maybe 12%-13% and FY27 onwards, I would expect to 
have 20% net profit margin. So, we see two things are happening, degree of operating leverage 
is going to come into play as you can see the expected revenues are increasing at a different 
levels of fixed costs will get spread over a sort of a much higher revenue base. And secondly, as 
I said earlier, the projects which we have launched in the last 3 years, pricing has been on the 
upswing, so you will see gross profit margin expansion as well at the project level. Both in that 
combination will lead to improved margin. 
Saurabh Goel: 
And it means profit margin will be doubled from 9%-20% in 2026, right in 2027? 
Varun Gupta: 
So, 26 should be, according to me, around 12%-13%, is where I would expect FY26 profit 
margin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Shivam Prashar, who is an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Shivam Prashar: 
Sir, any price band that you have decided for the Amarah Phase-5 right now? 
Varun Gupta: 
Shivam, no, we haven't decided the exact Amarah Phase-5 price bracket yet. Again, that will be 
done closer to the launch time. In Gurgaon, and any project right now, the market is such that 
all pricing decisions are made like 4-5 days, a week, maybe 2 weeks prior to launch. 
Shivam Prashar: 
And can you just tell that why will the Bangalore launch take 18 months from now? And also 
that when are you expecting the Sector 80 launch in Gurgaon? 
Varun Gupta: 
So, Sector 80, I would expect either in the first quarter or the 2nd Quarter of the next financial 
year. So, Sector 80, we have sort of now gotten some clearances, some clearances are going on. 
And Bangalore will just take longer because we don't know the city, so we don't know the 
approval methodology. We will take longer to set up a team, we will take longer to set up a show 
flat and a sales office and do all of that. It will take 6 months more than what usually it would 
take 4 months more than what it would take. 
Shivam Prashar: 
Any other city also you are exploring? 
Varun Gupta: 
No, nothing else, nothing outside of Bangalore, as the new city we are exploring. Panvel we are 
looking at, but we see it more as an extension of Talegaon already where we are servicing 
Bombay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Rishi Singhal, who is an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 

 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Rishi Singhal: 
As I joined late, so please tell me what is the position of Lavasa? I heard that inventory is all 
ready, but not launched. So, overall has Lavasa untangled or not? And how much of our stuff is 
stuck there? 
Varun Gupta: 
Our goods worth of Rs. 50 crores are stuck there and not have been untangled yet. 
Rishi Singhal: 
How much time do you think court proceedings will take? 
Varun Gupta: 
I don't know how much time it will take. 
Rishi Singhal: 
Even after this phase, if there is any phase left in it if the schedule opens up immediately and 
you tomorrow and you would able to sell. 
Varun Gupta: 
We have some land with us in which we can build. 
Rishi Singhal: 
More land is there? 
Varun Gupta: 
But that land doesn’t cost too much. So, relatively, the balance sheet is not stressed because the 
major cost is for construction hence the balance sheet is stressed by the stock which has already 
been created. Little land is left there which is very miniscule in terms of impact to the balance 
sheet in terms of Rupee value. 
Rishi Singhal: 
But people are living there, right? 
Varun Gupta: 
People are living there, correct. They are living there and they are living there happily. It is not 
like that people who are living there are not happy. The people or customers who are living there 
are happy. 
Rishi Singhal: 
I am saying that even if the worst-case scenario happens, even then also slowly it can be sold by 
the word of mouth. 
Varun Gupta: 
Let us see. I agree with that, the worst-case scenario. We are looking for some other solutions 
which can be easier on the management bandwidth. Selling it slowly, takes a lot of managerial 
bandwidth. 
Rishi Singhal: 
The second is regarding Milakpur land, I understand that Milakpur land is under acquisition. So, 
roughly, what will be its present value plus by doing an out-of-court settlement or something 
like that if a substantial amount of money can be released, is there any chance? 
Varun Gupta: 
It is like that if the government is ready to gives us the money then we can take the money. I 
don't think they would have that much budget because they are not just acquiring our land, they 
will acquire a lot of other lands too. They will acquire the whole scheme they don't have the 
budget really to finance it and acquire it, so it is in limbo in that way. So, whether we get the 
land or the money I am happy in either ways, but it will take time. 

 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Rishi Singhal: 
They want to make a housing colony out of there or what else do they want to do there I mean 
why are they acquiring? 
Varun Gupta: 
They want to make housing colonies, but they don't have the money what is required. So, I think 
the government is also in a double mind as to what to do now. 
Rishi Singhal: 
It is a very good news. Third, the general trend like I was listening to the last 2 questions, 3 
questions, what we can see on fields plus from your words it seems like as we used to say earlier 
like it is a green light, with few players, hence press the accelerator, but it seems it started coming 
out from your words and the market conditions are also showing. So, the work that we used to 
do by purchasing some outright land and now we want to do like land is yours, but I will 
construct it, 25:75 whatever we used to do earlier usually called as JDA, so what will we do? 
Varun Gupta: 
We will do either way both JDA and outright. We have been doing both and will do both like 
we have announced two transactions one in Bangalore, where we did JDA, that is the way and 
in Jaipur we are buying outright. Project-to-project, market-to-market, we will make decisions 
as they fit the bill of our risk appetite, our return requirements, and then the way we operate, so 
it depends on these, we will do both. 
Rishi Singhal: 
I am asking you a hypothetical question, that you will say that we don't know. If for example, 
the critical markets like Gurgaon, Jaipur, I don't know about Jaipur if it is flat, that every year 
the price is same for 3 years, or it is minus 5%, generally it is not expected to go more than this, 
then also on a sustained basis can we continue to do the business if we are able to sell the 
quantity? 
Varun Gupta: 
Yes, we can do it. Definitely in Jaipur, in Gurgaon, the land is a bit expensive, but I think the 
Gurgaon land markets will also sort of taper off a little bit then we will be able to do it. The price 
of the land in Gurgaon does not suit the current sale price. So, the rate of land in Gurgaon should 
be reduced if we want to sell our goods at the current sale price. 
Rishi Singhal: 
So, for example, the sector 80 which was purchased then in it if the project cost is reduced by 
5%-10% in retail price, then also is there a healthy margin? 
Varun Gupta: 
Yes, there will be healthy margins. The last auction took place 6 months -8 months ago after a 
year, land would have been sold more than twice the price of the land what we bought, so I have 
a very good buffer room. 
Rishi Singhal: 
That is very good to hear. That is a very good thing. And in general, to reduce the long-term 
cycle we would focus more on senior living and apart from senior living anything new what you 
are thinking, any new thing from which more sustainable type of profits come because long 
cycles come and go as I am seeing you for a long time like an investor? 
Varun Gupta: 
Currently, we are not seeing anything outside of senior living. The other thing is though as we 
get scale in a few more markets sort of Jaipur, on Bhiwadi earlier what will happen is different 

 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
markets will be in different stages of a cycle at different moments of time. So, it will bring some 
stability in that nature. So, I hope that also happens as we go along. Right now I hear some 
relatives of mine in Ahmedabad telling me that, in Ahmedabad's real estate cycle, there is a crisis 
going on. So, I said that there is a crisis because in 2018 when there was a crisis in rest of the 
country, there was a boom here similarly, in Hyderabad also, it was boom. But now, there is a 
crisis there. So, being in fewer markets, I think one of the other things that India will not have 
one sort of continuous real estate cycle across all markets, across all regions at the same time. 
So, that will bring some stability as well that we will be participating across a few miles. 
Rishi Singhal: 
So, one more question if there is time? 
Varun Gupta: 
One last question and after that you join in queue. The queue is not very big, but that would be 
good. You can ask one last question. 
Rishi Singhal: 
Whenever you see whether we should launch our project here or not, 2-3 years visibility, rather 
I think you see the visibility of 5 years, what is the most important criteria that here in this city 
may be it big or small, how many new people, how many new jobs are being created on total? 
Is this the only criteria or anything else is there like Gurgaon is the fastest city? 
Varun Gupta: 
Earlier we used to see demand for new jobs, now we see the supply side that how much supply 
is there of home, how many launches have happened over the last 12 months -24 months, do we 
see a lot of supply coming into the market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Saket Shah, who is an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Saket Shah: 
I just wanted to ask one or two questions. How we see the FY25 revenue on totality basis and at 
what percentage it would be rising for FY26 and FY27 and same for EBITDA margins? 
Varun Gupta: 
So, do you have slide? Do you have the deck? 
Saket Shah: 
No, sir I don’t have. 
Varun Gupta: 
So, if you look at our slide 16 of our deck gives you a sense of the expected revenues in each 
financial year. These are obviously subject to us delivering the projects on time to meet those 
expectations. So, in FY25, we are looking at probably a total revenue around Rs. 700-750 crores, 
and that rising to probably about Rs. 1,100 odd crores in FY26 and going up to Rs. 1,700 crores 
in FY27. And EBITDA we don't track as a number, so I don't know the margins on that as I said 
on margin we are looking at about 9% this year going up to 12% -13% next year and then 
expanding to probably 20% after that. And over the cumulative period of 1stApril 24 to 
31stMarch 30 where we expect to consume most of our ongoing projects and future projects. 
These are excluding land deals which have been done in the let us say 12 odd months whatsoever 
1st April,we expect to generate about Rs. 2,000 crores of profits from these projects over this 6 

 
Ashiana Housing Limited 
November 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
years. That is the kind of basic thought process that we have. And average profit margins should 
be in the high-teens over this life cycle. 
Saket Shah: 
And with respect to inventory, so I guess old hanging inventory is only of Lavasa, so rest all the 
inventory whichever is there it is of that the newly completed projects am I right? 
Varun Gupta: 
There is some inventory left from some other projects which is covered in slide 26 of our deck 
again. Bhiwadi still contributes majority of this with Ashiana Town and Ashiana Surbhi leading 
the pack. Of this Ashiana Town we have been selling consistently well and now we have come 
very down to like 53,000 square foot as compared to I believe 5.5 lakh square foot at one point 
of time and should be cleared out in the next 3-4 quarters, we should be able to clear out Ashiana 
Town and we will pick up Ashiana Surbhi after that to clear out in Bhiwadi. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Rishi Singhal  who is an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Rishi Singhal: 
I wanted to come to the question related to Bhiwadi itself, which you told that both inventory 
are moving towards clearing. How is the overall position of Bhiwadi? What do you think ahead? 
Varun Gupta: 
I think the future of Bhiwadi is bright. In Bhiwadi new builders have not come, so the supply 
situation is fine. The sale price is increasing. Price delta from Gurgaon is good, so investors are 
coming, people are also coming to stay. We have seen good volumes in Bhiwadi, and I think 
Bhiwadi will continue to do well for us going into the future. We are finally actually looking at 
deploying money there also, so we are looking for land in Bhiwadi. Hopefully, we will do one 
project there as well one more land there. We are excited about Bhiwadi going forward. 
Rishi Singhal: 
Once again I want to come back to Milakpur, how much money of ours which is invested in it 
is stuck? 
Varun Gupta: 
I think it is less than Rs. 4 crores. It is between Rs. 3 crores to Rs. 4 crores. I don't know the 
exact number, but Rs. 3 crores – Rs. 4 crores land on a book value basis. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Vikash Dugar: 
We would like to thank all of you for being on this call and being so patient with all the questions 
and answers. If we were unable to take any questions, please feel free to write to us directly or 
reach out to us directly. And with that, we would like to conclude the call. A lot of the material 
we have spoken about is posted on our website. And you can also email your queries for any 
further clarification. Thank you once again for taking the time to join us on this call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Ashiana Housing Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
