 
Godrej Properties Limited 
Regd. Office: Godrej One 
5th Floor, Pirojshanagar,  
Eastern Express Highway, 
Vikhroli (E), Mumbai – 400 079. India 
Tel.: +91-22-6169-8500 
Fax: +91-22-6169-8888 
Website: www.godrejproperties.com 
 
             CIN: L74120MH1985PLC035308 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                       
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Ref: Godrej Properties Limited  
          BSE - Script Code: 533150, Scrip ID – GODREJPROP 
BSE - Security Code - 974950, 974951, 975090, 975091, 975856, 975857, 976000 - Debt Segment  
          NSE Symbol - GODREJPROP  
 
Sub: Transcript of the conference call with the investors/ analysts. 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III Part A, Para A of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the conference call organized with the investors/ analysts on Wednesday, October 23, 2024, 
post declaration of unaudited financial results (standalone and consolidated) for the quarter and half 
year ended September 30, 2024. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thank you. 
 
Yours truly, 
For Godrej Properties Limited 
 
 
 
Ashish Karyekar 
Company Secretary  
 
Enclosed as above 
 
Ashish 
Sudhakar 
Karyekar
Digitally signed by 
Ashish Sudhakar 
Karyekar 
Date: 2024.10.28 
10:46:48 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
  
 
“Godrej Properties Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 23, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PIROJSHA GODREJ – EXECUTIVE CHAIRPERSON – 
GODREJ PROPERTIES LIMITED  
 
MR. GAURAV PANDEY – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – GODREJ PROPERTIES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJENDRA KHETAWAT – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – GODREJ PROPERTIES LIMITED 
 
MR. KSHITIJ JAIN – INVESTOR RELATIONS – GODREJ 
PROPERTIES LIMITED 
 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Godrej Properties Limited Q2 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kshitij Jain. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Jain. 
Kshitij Jain: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Godrej Properties Q2 FY 
'25 Results Conference Call. We have with us Mr. Pirojsha Godrej, Executive Chairperson; Mr. 
Gaurav Pandey, Managing Director and CEO; and Mr. Rajendra Khetawat, CFO of the 
company. 
 
Before we begin this call, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the results 
presentation. I would now like to invite Mr. Godrej to make his opening remarks. Over to you, 
sir. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Godrej Properties First Quarter 
Financial Year 2025 Conference Call. I'll begin by discussing the highlights of the quarter, and 
we then look forward to taking your questions and answers session. 
 
The residential real estate sector in India has been strong over the past few years, and we believe 
the sectorial tailwinds will continue over the next few years. The significant levels of business 
development we have executed in previous years at favorable terms continue to allow us to scale 
our bookings and margins, which in turn will lead to strong earnings growth in the years ahead. 
 
I'm happy to share the Godrej Properties delivered another robust quarter, registering a highest 
Q2 and H1 collections, operating cash flows and delivery. We've already achieved 51% of our 
annual bookings guidance. In the past 5 financial years, GPL has averaged 37% of its full year 
bookings in the first half of the financial year in the best out of the last 5 years, we achieved 40% 
of our full year bookings in the first half. 
 
Booking value in second quarter FY '25 grew 3% year-on-year to INR5,198 crores from sale of 
5.15 million square feet of area and booking value for the first half grew 90% to INR13,835 
crores from the sale of 14.14 million square feet of area, which was a growth of 89% in volume 
terms. 
 
This strong growth can be attributed to an extremely strong customer response to some of our 
new launches during the quarter. Godrej Jardinia and NCR delivered a booking value of just 
under INR1,500 crores, and Godrej phase in MMR, a profit development project delivered a 
booking value of just over INR600 crores. 
 
For the first half of financial year '25, bookings in our key markets at NCR, Bangalore and MMR 
have shown tremendous growth. In NCR, we grew 70% from INR5,424 crores. Bangalore, we 
grew 212% to INR3,889 crores. And in MMR, we grew 114% to INR3,113 crores. 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
With bookings growth of 56% in financial year '23, 84% in financial year '24 and 90% in first 
half financial year '25, GPLs reset its scale. The benefit of this is clearly visible in our cash flows 
with collections growth of 68% and operating cash flow growth of 125% in the second quarter. 
 
GPL's collection stood at INR4,005 crores for the second quarter financial year '25, a year-on-
year growth of 68% and INR7,017 crores for the first half, a year-on-year growth of 62%. 
Operating cash flows stood at INR1,834 crores for the second quarter, growing at 126% and 
INR2,822 crores for the first half, growing at 204%. This is the highest ever second quarter and 
first half collections and operating cash flow achieved by Godrej Properties. 
 
From a business development perspective, I'm happy to announce that Godrej Properties has 
added 10 projects in year-to-date financial year '25 with a total estimated saleable area of nearly 
14 million square feet and total estimated booking value potential of about INR17,500 crores. 
 
This included 6 new projects with an expected booking value of INR9,650 crores in the second 
quarter and 2 new projects with an expected booking value of INR4,800 crores added in October. 
GPL has achieved 87% of its annual guidance for business development year-to-date. We have 
also entered the new micro market of Indore through a plotted development project. 
 
We delivered projects aggregating to 6.6 million square feet across 3 cities in the second quarter, 
taking the year-to-date total for deliveries to 9.3 million square feet. This is the highest second 
quarter and first half deliveries for GPL. For the second quarter, our total income increased by 
135% to INR1,343 crores. EBITDA increased by 69% to INR282 crores and net profit increased 
by 402% to INR335 crores. For the first half, our total income increased by 58% to INR2,981 
crores. EBITDA increased by 167% to INR1,056 crores and net profit increased by 345% to 
INR855 crores surpassing earnings for financial '24. We financial year '25 on a strong note and 
hope to build on this momentum through the launch of a large number of exciting new projects 
combined with strong customer sales. 
 
We also expect our record year from the point of view of cash flow and earnings. On that point 
-- on that note, I conclude my remarks. Thank you all for joining us on the call. We'd now be 
happy to discuss any questions, comments or suggestions you may have. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Puneet Gulati from HSBC. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Congratulations on great numbers here. My first question is, it looks very, very likely that you 
will exceed your booking value guidance. What should we assume that you'll be aiming for in 
FY '26? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Thanks, Puneet. Yes, I think we're on track to do well on the bookings front. We've already 
surpassed 50% of our full year guidance. And typically, the second half is significantly stronger 
than the first half, both the seasonality reasons and otherwise. 
 
I think the goal will be to do as well as we can this year. And then continue to deliver strong 
growth on that in the year ahead. So, without getting into specific numbers, which we'll comment 
on towards the end of the year. I think given the portfolio we've built, given current visibility in 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
how the market is doing, I think we're all set for now exceptionally strong year sales growth this 
year, and we'll look to build on that with strong growth next year as well. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Okay. And secondly, in terms of pricing, what are the trends that you're seeing in terms of pricing 
growth in your market? And given the realization that you've discovered, how high on an average 
compared to the pricing that you would have underwritten it? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Thanks for the question. This is Gaurav here. See, essentially, what we've noticed right now that 
there is strong price growth in especially markets like NCR and Bangalore. In fact, if I would 
just sort of give you a tight pack of order, Gurgaon is being very robust price growth over the 
last few years, but continued even this year. Next would be Bangalore, then would be Noida. 
 
And I would say, finally, after we noticed Godrej Reserve launch in Mumbai, which is the largest 
residential sales by any developer, it's kind of also reiterated Bombay in terms of its momentum. 
So we are also seeing early days of good price growth in Bombay in our portfolio and also 
overall in the market. Pune is yet to see pricing relative kickoff when I compare with other 
markets, but these are sort of the stronger markets more from a forward-looking sort of difficult 
to crystal guess. 
 
But if you generally look at where demand and supply holds, you can kind of derive certain 
estimates. So Noida, as you would appreciate, land supply is heavily restricted and there is a 
complete lack of say for example 3BHK inventory. I would say that Noida the near term should 
logically see price growth action. In Gurgaon, I were to say, I think periphery markets may not 
see as much of a price action, but golf course road specifically should see price action because 
there is virtually no land supply, finally, some launches will be visible in the coming quarters. 
Bangalore, I think, is one of the strongest markets because the quality of land supply is limited 
because the title issues of Bangalore. 
 
So whichever project will hit the market would be reasonable growth may not be as massive 
what we were seeing, say, in the preceding 2 years. But to some extent, I would say maybe high 
single-digit kind of numbers should be visible in the next 6 to 12 months. Bombay, I'm quite 
bullish personally on because this market is seeing good offtake and also pricing growth very 
recently. And Pune, I would say, may not be immediate as much, but say 2 to 3 quarters because 
Pune tends to be a lag to Bombay. And if you see Pune from a demographic point of view is 
very similar to what Bangalore is. So it's not taken from pricing to it's been sort of a laggard, but 
give or take 2 to 3 quarters, we should see price growth there as well. 
Puneet Gulati: 
And in terms of compared to the prices at which you have underwritten, how high are the 
realizations? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
I think one of the interesting things we managed to do is to do consistent business development 
in the last 2 years. And purely because of the cycle benefit, we've been able to enjoy significant 
price expansion to give you some sort of a broad understanding. To give an example, sector 146 
Noida, the 2 auctions that we had bought say about 20, 24 months back, we first launched the 
first phase last September practically managed to sell it out in 3 to 4 months the launch project 
of about INR2,200 crores. 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
And we saw close about 10% to 12% or thereabouts above our underwriting level. But there is 
newer inventory also saw price growth. But the second one that we launched, which was 
previous quarters saw again price bump. So essentially, in most projects, what we are noticing 
the market is giving you option. As a rule of thumb, we tend to either ensure at least that price 
expansion we do or it can be higher, which means that ballpark 10% to 15% from an 
underwriting, in most of the parts of the portfolio, we've seen. Of course, there are some projects 
you see in even much higher price growth and there have been some projects which could be 
something slightly lower than this, but ballpark to as the 10% to 15% over underwriting is what 
we've kind of consistently been able to achieve. 
Puneet Gulati: 
And secondly, on the construction cash flow side, while your collections have gone up, 
construction outflow hasn't really gone up as much. Could we assume a significant bump up 
coming in the second half of this fiscal? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
I think as you would appreciate that typically, construction is more the peak cost of construction 
happens to be mostly on the mid-stage and advance stage because initially, your maximum cost 
is about excavation, then some of these -- especially the north side, you have the pilings that has 
to be done, which is time consuming, but not as far as capital intensive. And your construction 
speed which significantly accelerates will start picking slabs beyond a typical cycles, the second, 
third, fourth onwards. That's when your construction you pick up. Yes, you're right, we will see 
some kind of an acceleration in Q3, especially in the later part of the year. 
 
But as you would see that most of our projects are, we have very strong H1. And some of these 
COC expenses in terms of peak would be noticeable towards mid-part of next year. So starting 
from later part of the year, continue to the mid part of next year, you should see growth in COC 
curve. But there are items that finishing where the cost tends to be higher core and shell, then 
there is MEP, which is also relatively higher than core and shell, and core and shell usually is 
higher than excavation. There is always a sort of a COC lag in terms of cash flow -- net cash 
flow line. 
Puneet Gulati: 
That's helpful. And lastly, if you can share the -- your share of sales booking value in the overall 
pre-sales? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
I think we publish share... 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
First half of the financial year is around 93%. . 
Gaurav Pandey: 
93%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Agarwal from IIFL Securities. 
Mohit Agrawal: 
Congratulations on great set of numbers. So firstly, if you could touch base on the launch side, 
you've already done nearly 50% of your guidance. So typically, second half is stronger just like 
sales. So if you could kind of tell us how you see the second half? And would you beat your 
guidance there as well? And what would be the big projects that you are looking at in the second 
half? 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes. I think our guidance both on launches and sales always has some amount of buffer for 
projects slipping out for regulatory approval reasons, et cetera. So I think we are quite hopeful 
of surpassing our guidance on both counts. 
 
And the launch portfolio, I think both for Q3 and Q4 looks very good and exciting. Some of the 
big projects we hope to launch before the end of the year the project in Worli. We have a couple 
of projects coming on Golf Corse road in Gurgaon. We have a large project in Sector 44 in 
Noida, 2 or 3 launches planned in Bangalore, quite a few launches in Pune and also some in 
Kolkata and Hyderabad. So overall, I think a pretty robust launch calendar that I think gives us 
good confidence that we will be a very strong second half of the year from a sales perspective. 
Mohit Agrawal: 
So Pirojsha, Worli would be 3Q or 4Q, if you could specify? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Like Quarter 4. 
Mohit Agrawal: 
Quarter 4. My second question is on you've been acquiring land and that strategy has been 
working well. And it is imperative for us to replenish the sales into growth. But assuming that 
land prices have gone sharply up and probably we are somewhere near the peak, let's say, what 
kind of margin of safety do you want to build in your future land acquisitions in terms of 
margins? If you could kind of elaborate that strategy because if, let's say, the pricing growth 
stunts or kind of declines, what kind of margin of safety do we have when we are underwriting 
the projects? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
It's a great question. And clearly, we're not at the exact same stage in the cycles now than we 
were 3 or 4 years ago. But at the same time, I think if you look at a typical cycle ends in India, 
it has been 7 to 9 years. We're probably in year 4 of that. So we actually do think the cycle like 
we have 3 or 4 more years left in it. 
 
But, I think the land values have gone up in to some extent, kept pace with end property prices. 
So we do have to be very disciplined in terms of our land acquisition strategy. I think what we 
look at is at today's sight, not at any kind of price inflation or markets continue to do well, but if 
we were selling the project today and using that price can we achieve an IRR of at least 20% to 
25% in the project. 
 
And we think if that is achievable, then that's the project that makes sense to do. We don't look 
at assuming any big price increases or anything when we're underwriting the projects. And I 
think the good news is we are seeing a lot of opportunities that are meeting this threshold across 
regions, if you look at the kind of number of deals we've done last year. And of course, if we 
raise any capital, the idea would be to deploy that into other new deals. We are seeing a lot of 
opportunities that do meet this threshold still. But I think the IRR threshold of 20% to 25% is 
what we look at. And from a margin perspective, we've guided that we'd like to 25% to 30% 
kind of EBITDA margin. 
Mohit Agrawal: 
Perfect. That's clear. Just one last question. You've done INR17,000 crores kind of a BD to 
include the post second quarter acquisitions as well. What would be the total land spend on that? 
And how much of that land payment would be pending which would come in future quarters? 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
So that land payment has been done in the month of October. So both inclusive of would be 
around INR1,000 crores. 
Mohit Agrawal: 
This is the pending land payment, sir? 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
No. So this is for the 2 deals which we have announced post quarter end, that is INR1,000 crores. 
And the pending land payment for the earlier deals would be around INR1,500 crores for the 
deals which we have signed in financial year '25. 
Mohit Agrawal: 
And sir, what would be the total land spend that would be in the range of 15% to 20% of GDV? 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Praveen Choudhary from Morgan Stanley. 
Praveen Choudhary: 
Congratulations, very, very exceptional numbers at the end. I just wanted to get a sense of any 
overheating you are seeing in the market? And Gaurav, you went through the entire spectrum of 
pricing trends? It seems like everything is comfortable. But to the extent that what are you 
looking for in terms of any overheating or concerns in the market, either in the land price or in 
the final sales conditions, that would be helpful. 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Thanks, Praveen. Largely, if you will ask me, I see a very strong demand uptick. In fact, yes, 
you're right, there is some chatter areas that we do tend to read, but if you ask me purely from a 
ground position, we are seeing quite steller numbers for ourselves and early days, but even up 
to we would have seen some media articles of some competition also showing equally strong 
numbers. 
 
So we, in fact, had a very good H1, not just from a growth point of view, but even far higher 
performance than our underwriting. Now there is, of course, a degree of market over 
performance will differ between what we saw 2 years back now, some pricing and volume 
action. 
 
And within cities, I feel there will be sort of an evolution. So if I would just give you some sort 
of a broad taste, I think I did mention some time back, peripheral micro market for Gurgaon is 
seeing good land supply. So you -- we may see volume action, but I think there will be sort of a 
price saturation sooner than later. 
 
But Central Gurgaon doesn't really have any land supply value, barring very handful of land 
parcel even with the government or maybe one of our peers. So that should see pricing action. 
Noida is practically, I already mentioned, you're seeing a clear supply side issues from a launch 
perspective by anyone. 
 
So anything that is hitting the market is selling out very fast. I've already mentioned Bombay 
and the market. So I think chatter aside, if you just see what's happening on the ground and walk-
ins, since I the festive season just started and there's somewhere between Navaratri and Diwali 
and November usually is a higher momentum in my sort of history of launches that I've seen, 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
but October is showing very encouraging signs both by the kind of walk-ins we are seeing in our 
site as well what we hear from the market. So quite excited and quite strong market. 
Praveen Choudhary: 
Very, very clear. And then one last question for me would be, when I look at the annual sale in 
terms of GFA versus the land bank that you have and I assume, let's say, 20% growth per annum. 
You may have 5-year worth of land bank. Is that the right way to think about it when you are 
going to use your cash to replenish the land bank? Or do you want to have a longer land bank or 
a shorter land bank? Just wanted to get that sense. 
Pirojsha Godrej : 
Yes. I think in the short term, first of all, I think growth rates have been over the last couple of 
years, much faster than that 20%. But 2 cycles, we do think 20% is the number we'd like to guide 
to. I think there is an opportunity clearly in near term to do better than that. We've seen both last 
year and this a very rapid growth rate. So we think it's probably quite a bit less than 5-year sales 
and therefore, kind of replenishment is perhaps more important than it looks if you look at the 
20% growth rate. 
Moderator: 
The next question on the line of Pritesh Sheth from Axis Capital. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Congrats on great set of numbers. Firstly, again, on the market environment on the absorption 
side, since you have had like couple of successful launches this quarter. How do you read that? 
versus what it was probably 6 months or a year back? When -- where projects were literally 
getting sold out during launch, we still have a healthy absorption rate of 60%, 80% inventory 
getting sold out. But how do you read that? Is it general supply side, which is creating that kind 
of absorption run rate? Or you think that certain ticket sizes are going a bit higher and hence, we 
are seeing some bit of cooling off in terms of the funfare. So just a comment on that. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
We are seeing any cooling off in our view. And of course, even 6 to 8 months ago, its not like 
100% of projects we're launching were sell out. So our view is the market remains very strong. 
We're quite confident several of our launches during the rest of the year, we will be close to sell 
out kind of responses. 
 
So actually, we're not. There is a little bit of catch-up someone like Gurgaon about market 
cooling off. I don't think what we're seeing on the sales side is really indicating that it's all to us 
yet, at least. And we remain quite bullish both in the very near term and medium term on the 
opportunity to continue this kind of trajectory. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. And secondly, on the approval side of the business. Have things started to recover in terms 
of time lines that used to take in terms of getting approvals because in between like post-
elections, we saw some bit of slowdown, but have things picked up from there on? Or it's still 
as normal as it was before the elections? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I don't think we've really had much of a struggle, of course, sometimes project to project can be 
an issue, but I don't think elections had a huge impact on us. If you look at the first quarter, 
which was right in the middle of the election, we are our best ever start to the year and sales 
have grown 90% largely on the back of a lot of launches coming in after getting the regulatory 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
approval. So I think from an approval and portfolio available for launch perspective, I think 
we're reasonably confident that the second half will be a very strong period. 
Gaurav Pandey: 
And just to up on that Pritesh if you see our pipeline, just to give us a quarter example, places 
like Haryana we got the approval, right? Then we have projects in Mumbai and Pune. We've got 
the approval. So I think what probably a learning curve for at least for us over the last 3 years is 
that these are predictable events in your sort of in a year. And you almost go during the which 
quarter would be a likely time that approval could be struggle is how do you become more 
internally efficient so that to make ensure that you're kind of applying for approvals as early as 
possible. So I think this is sort of a process change we've done internally, which is kind of 
ensuring that to the large extent, they're able to mitigate this risk. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. Got it. And just lastly, on the capital raise in terms of deployment, how much time you 
will take to deploy that? And second, while we'll probably reach INR30,000 crores plus presales, 
what kind of market-wise target do be internally sense that we can generate for all our individual 
markets like NCR, we were at INR10,000 crores last year. Do we have -- are we working on 
some market-wise targets for other key markets for us? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I think we, of course, do have city by city and targe for each, but it's not something that we would 
necessarily want to guide to us at this stage. I think NCR is crossing INR10,000 crores last year 
was fantastic on that high base in the first half, they've been able to grow 70% and have a bunch 
of launches planned in the second half. 
 
So hopefully, we'll do even better than that this year. And of course, I think there's a healthy 
degree of competition internally between each of the zones which are relatively separately 
managed. So we hope to see all our zones crossing this INR10,000 crores mark fairly soon. And 
I think we have a portfolio that can get us there in places like Mumbai and the south zone, which 
is Bangalore, but also now Hyderabad, so we're hoping to launch a couple of projects this year. 
 
So I think good opportunities for growth and scale in each of these markets. And I think the sort 
of medium-term goal would be to start as a leader in each of the individual markets in addition 
to kind of nationally. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhinav Sinha from Jefferies India. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Congratulations to the team on strong numbers. First question is on with the future pipeline of 
new projects that we are looking at, are we targeting the same sort of micro markets and the 
overall market? Or are you looking to expand into newer cities? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
So, I think the goal is very much to expand within the cities that are already from a group housing 
perspective that we largely Mumbai, NCR, Bangalore and Pune, we're open to opportunistically 
adding projects in Ahmedabad and Kolkata. Earlier this week, we added a project for the first 
time in many years in Ahmedabad. 
 
In Q4, we entered the Hyderabad market where we bought 2 pieces of land. We hope to launch 
both of those this financial year. We first like to get those launched to make sure everything we 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
underwrote is kind of playing out as expected. And then as we'd expect look to scale in the 
Hyderabad market as well. 
 
But these 5 cities of Mumbai, NCR, Bangalore, Pune and Hyderabad, where we'd like to make 
a lot of our investments on the group housing side. Of course, within these markets, I think one 
of the opportunities is to make sure we have presence in as many different micro markets as 
possible so that we're capturing as much of the city level demand as we can. And the only 
exception to this is plotted development project where we are open to a wider range of cities. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Right. Secondly, on are you able to see that some of your commercial has sort of reached the 
maturity level. Any thoughts on how we monetize that or you're looking to sort of hold on those 
assets? 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Yes. I'd say the idea is to gradually build a lease generating portfolio for the business. I think 
while the lion's share of our focus for the next years remain very much on the residential sector, 
where we think both the overall size is the greatest and our right to win is probably highest and 
the returns that can be generated we think are the best because of the ability to have customers 
financing most of the development. But at the same time, for kind of the longer term, we do 
want to gradually build an income-generating portfolio to the company. And I think these 
projects help do that. So there's no plan to sell them or exit them that's a question. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Right. And one last question on cash flow. So we are seeing higher margins in the project and 
also higher take rates, which are now north of 90%. So our sort of CFO percentage cash flow 
which is now around, I think, around 35-odd percent. Where does it settle in, say, a couple of 
years? 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Yes. Most probably, yes. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
From a margin perspective, I think what we've guided on the net profit margin, we'd like to 
deliver something about 15% through cycle. Of course, it might probably be higher than that 
when some of these projects have been a lot of margin expansion hit revenue recognition. But I 
think that's kind of roughly what we're targeting. 
 
I think with the OCF margin, it is a good shorthand thing to look at, but it's not something that 
we're targeting a specific market at depending on construction Milestones in particular projects. 
And I think the kind of reported earnings margins we're looking at is what I indicated and we're 
seeing, I think, very, very healthy growth in collection and operating cash flow, we expect to 
grow ahead as well. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Congratulations on a great quarter. So my question is on the launches. So if you can help us 
understand when is the Ashok Vihar launch now. And also if you can give some more color on 
the Vikhroli land parcel after the family settlement, how do we see it whether the new launches 
will happen there? And what are the time lines of launches for Vikhroli land parcel? 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes. So on Vikhroli, we have a project we launched a few months ago has been in focus over 
the next few months will be on selling that project. I would be hopeful the next financial year 
where we can have a new launch in Vikhroli. And Ashok vihar is also now looking like a next 
financial year launch. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. Second question is on the fundraise, which you have taken the resolution. So if I see the 
MMR portfolio, so last year sales, which we had done, average realization of about 16,000, 
maybe on carpet 24,000, 25,000. So we are really not there on the premium end of the MMR, 
which is really large and where a branded can have a larger market share. 
 
So how do we intend to plug that gap on the premiumization of the MMR portfolio because that 
is what will give us bigger margins. So if you can give some more color on this fundraise and 
how do you intend to deploy it? Are you looking to underwrite large land parcel 50, 60 acres 
kind of land parcels where we can have maybe 10, 11 years kind of a development and which 
can be premiumized. So if you can give some color on that, that will be helpful. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
So in MMR, there has already been quite a bit of premiumization of the portfolio. We have 
existing projects currently in the market in somewhere like Mahalaxmi, we will later this year, 
we're launching our worli project. We have a project in Carmichael road. So there are several 
kind of premium projects that hopefully will come to market soon, including Bandra projects 
that we hope to bring to market next year. 
 
But I think the opportunity is a from price point. I think something like a launch Godrej Reserve 
we launched in Q4 of last year, sold brilliantly well and is a very attractive project, both from a 
total scale perspective as well as margin. So I think we have, I think, struck an interesting price 
point in Bombay and our goal isn't to do on the luxury developments, which have their own 
drawback. 
 
So while the margin might be attractive in some cases. I think that is not necessarily the end of 
price segments that were most attracted to. But I think the visibility for Bombay development 
looks very strong, and we certainly hope to deploy considerable part of any money we raise into 
our Mumbai portfolio. 
Gaurav Pandey: 
And if you see relative to our average price per square feet, I'm seeing more at a portfolio level, 
this portfolio is an average of markets like Pune, Bangalore, NCR and of course, Bombay, I 
would say portfolio average price would be much higher for Mumbai portfolio per se because 
the typical presence that we have, if you see, especially in the last 18 months, we've had a lot of 
projects apart from Pirojsha just added, projects like Wadala, we had something we have 
Bhandup and we have Vistas in Vikhroli, these are significantly premium project from a pricing 
point of view. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Gaurav, my view -- my point was more from like larger land parcels, which may come up for 
auction of building that's why some of the peers are raising large capital. So are we open to 
underwrite large like INR1,000 crores or INR1,500 crores kind of single land parcels, so which 
can give like a higher economic interest as well as long-term development potential because it's 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
hard to get land parcels, larger land parcels in Mumbai, there is limited window. And since you're 
raising capital for -- so my question was more from. 
Gaurav Pandey: 
I could say that there is no reason we won't really participate, I don’t why your are saying we 
won’t participate, from our perspective I think will definitely participate. And I think one of the 
unique strengths we are having more competition, especially in markets we are present in our 
ability get sites of INR500 crores to INR1,000 crores or even beyond even if we see the 
opportunity is right. So of course, we will do that. The only thing I can say Parikshit our lens of 
doing this may not necessarily be what sometimes from a cheque size or competition could be a 
land banking, unless they're very, very certain about the strategy, we prefer to be more about 
capital churn play. 
 
Having said we would, of course, evaluate every opportunity. But yes, because we can sign big 
cheques. Yes, we would love to scale up the Bombay portfolio significantly beyond what it is 
delivering. But the approach would be more about how quickly can we turn around these projects 
and make as much on efficient use of capital. Does that answer your question? 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Yes. So one question to Rajendra. Rajendra, I mean you touched upon that INR1,000 crores 
spending from the BD done in Q3 and 1,500 for the rest of that. So entire land payment financial 
year-to-date for all the land parcel or pending land payments should be about INR2,500 crores. 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Yes, INR2,500 crores to INR3,000 crores, including Ashok Vihar and other stuff. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. And just last, if I may. So how has been the approvals in Bangalore? We have been hearing 
there has been significant delay in approvals in Bangalore, if you can -- Gaurav, if you can touch 
upon that, whether the approvals are coming in or things have normalized now. 
Gaurav Pandey: 
I think for us, it's been coming quite consistently. I mean, approvals in India has been a bit of a 
struggle typically from a last 5 years, so I won't say any market is easy or difficult related to the 
trend. But if you see our projects like in Q1, we were able to bring woodscapes into the market, 
which turns out to be INR3,150 crores are seeing the highest for us. 
 
And similarly, we've been able to see for this quarter approvls are on track. But especially, it's 
not very frankly geography-specific the challenge, for us, it's more like sort of a constraint, which 
we see. And the best one can do is to ensure that like I was mentioning, ensures that your design 
process are very efficient. But nothing peculiar to Bangalore for us, at least. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Just on the fundraise, currently, your promoter stake about 50-odd percent. And post this 
fundraise, it could go below 50% or 47%. So what's the long-term view on maintaining the 
promoter stake at? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes. Thanks. Kunal. I think if we won’t like to dilute below the level that we'll be at post the 
fundraise if we did go ahead with that. So I think the idea would be again to have new boost to 
growth. We think the kind of collections that will be generated both from the sales that have 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
already happened, but the sales that we'd also be locking in through this new round of 
deployment, we've been frankly quite massive and will allow us to do a lot through our operating 
cash flow, so but we don't see any further reasons for capital raising, even this one to be honest, 
if we were growing at 20%, 30% kind of growth rate, I don't think there will be a reason for the 
fundraise. 
 
Thus, the growth has been much faster than last 3 years, we do have been an opportunity to 
deliver another couple of very fast growth, and that's kind of the logic. So certainly, we wouldn't 
see any likely fundraising after this round. Certainly, no plan for any further dilution. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
And on the fund raise per se, you did answer on the utilization of these funds. But just wanted 
to understand in terms of the 4 markets that you spoke about, right? Just from your opening 
commentary, you sounded more positive in terms of pricing. I'm saying relatively towards, like, 
say, Noida and Gurgaon versus, say, Bangalore, Mumbai or Hyderabad. So should we assume 
that the incremental deployment of capital would be skewed towards markets like Noida and 
Gurgaon? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
No, I don't think so. I mean Kunal, one of the big benefits we think we have or is having a truly 
national platform is that we choose or we don't have to choose to be just in one city or the other. 
We can choose project by project where we think the best return on a selective basis are possible. 
 
And so I think we like to have that flexibility. So actually, we're not raising the capital thing that 
20% will be in Noida, x percent in Pune or anything like that. We have a large set of opportunities 
available that we're seeing in various markets. I think which of those close will depend on kind 
of where we're able to structure the most attractive outcomes for ourselves. 
 
But no, I don't think we're viewing the NCR market as more positive than the other. If anything, 
I think some of the markets that haven't quite seen that full run up in pricing yet, may offer a lot 
of attractive opportunities. So certainly, Mumbai and Pune will be very much part of the plan 
for this capital raise as we would Bangalore and NCR. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Very well understood. One last question is in terms of buyer profiles, especially for Gurgaon 
and Noida projects, if you can give some color on what are the profile of the buyers? And how 
many of them typically take mortgages? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Thanks for the question. As a typical rule of thumb in most projects that what we get to see from 
mortgage is about 50% to 70% customers tend to take mortgage in the project. And again, Noida 
market has always historically been more end-user driven, because if you see the supply itself is 
constrained. Gurgaon has sort of interesting history where different participants operate, right? 
 
And I'm not talking about just right talking more on the market conditions, which we have seen 
evolution for the last 20 years. So you have end users who are very product-driven, then you 
have investors which are very long-term rental income oriented. Then you have investors which 
have sort of a thought of getting capital gain in 4 or 5 years and then you, of course, have 
speculators who operate. 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
 
I think and different developers also tend to have a different strategy on which part of the market 
share they want to sort of get. If you generally see in Gurgaon portfolio, we've done some crazy 
blockbusters sales, but we’ve intention never pushed for a complete sold out strategy. And the 
reason was very simple that we wanted to ensure that the sales funnel can try and absorb as much 
of end users by making certain practices, which are sort of prohibitive and less attractive for 
investors. 
 
And simple examples are this are like the way we do channel incentives, we are clearly the 
lowest in the market. And the idea that there is misselling and -- almost like not the preferred 
partner for some of them from a brokerage point of view, but more from a product point of view, 
people who want to sell our products to customers who want to stay and enjoy the properties. 
So that's one example. The payment plans that we tend to design if somebody wants to buy more 
than one unit there's sort of process define which actually lands up to my table. 
 
And you can really imagine the probability of that reaching to be up to so many approvals. So 
idea is to ensure that you attract the lion's share of it. And yes, sometimes, what may happen is 
that on the D day, you may not say a sold out but look at Zenith as an example for us. We sold 
INR3,000 crores in Q4 and by now we sold at INR1,000 crores at incremental pricing and better 
buyer profile. So I think these are things that you put in place, but yes, the market will have 
different types of people, who would have different types of need for buying order product from 
our end users, some are investors, some are speculators. 
 
We just feel that right now the bulk of the market is where, different micro markets especially 
like I was mentioning sometime back gold course for example, is a the pure end user market 
because that's a city -- that's a part of the city, which has complete infrastructure in place that 
has probably one of the highest rental per square feet of commercial office space of North India, 
so has a different TG. But yes, if you go to 20, 30 kilometers down the city, you will have 
different type of developers with different type of customers investors and the like. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Puneet Gulati from HSBC Bank. 
Puneet Gulati: 
So Pirojsha, this one is for you. Did I hear it right, you said that if you were only anticipating 
20% growth from current levels, there wouldn't be a need for a fundraise? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes. 
Puneet Gulati: 
So essentially, with fundraise, we are targeting much higher, Okay. Secondly, can you also give 
a sense of what kind of gross -- you've also added a significant amount of gross cash now close 
to INR6,000 crores, and there will be. What part would be stuck under RERA? And when do 
you expect some of that to also unwind? So you have large -- it's almost INR6,000 crores of cash 
in your books now. This has grown up significantly on Q-on-Q. How much of it is stuck in 
RERA? And do you expect it to get unlocked? 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
So there's a continuous RERA cash getting accumulated and released as and when the progress. 
As of now, we have around INR3,000 crores of cash lying into RERA account, which will get 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
utilized for construction, and it will get released as and when the OCs will be received for the 
completion percent. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Yes. And is there something in JVs as well, which is still here to come back to the books? 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
There may be some amount, not a very significant because. Now most of our JVs are at the fag 
end or almost completed. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sukant Garg from Equibuild Research Private Limited. 
Sukant Garg: 
First of all, congrats on the numbers. I would like to ask that in how many projects that we make 
specifically and how many projects out of the total. We missed the original scheduled deadline. 
Gaurav Pandey: 
sorry, the voice is not clear. Can you please repeat? 
Sukant Garg: 
Yes. Sorry. So am I clear now? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Slightly better. Yes, but it's a little muffled. 
Sukant Garg: 
Okay. So I just want to ask that in how many projects we missed the original schedule deadline? 
And what is the average time of that miss average time of that, how much delay of their deadline 
is? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
So you're basically saying what's the typical schedule time line, how it happens in operations. Is 
that the question? 
Sukant Garg: 
Yes. 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
See, actually, it depends upon the -- quite a few factors like one is how big is your land parcel 
because that determines the site logistics, how many basement/podiums you may want to have? 
And what's the typical height of the building, right? 
 
So a rule of thumb is that for a typical building, it can take as less as 3 years can take as max as 
5 years. Usually, I'm saying 80% of the projects will be typically in this, again, like the variables 
I mentioned to you, suppose more highrise if you go 50, 70, so it would, of course, be higher. 
And if you go to like a 10, 15 story, it could, of course, be far lower. But rule of thumb you can 
assume that different degrees of basement configurations and need for piling and height of the 
building, thumb rule will be 3 to 5 years. 
Sukant Garg: 
So my question is around how many days of delay that we usually have in completing the 
project? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Generally, our estimation wise, we are clearly -- bulk of the portfolio do not really see frankly 
typical delays, but it's also a bit of a learning curve for us that in some markets like specifically 
talking about NCR, where National Green Tribunal has certain guidelines, which have started 
coming in last three odd years. And we did, of course, launch projects in like next 7, 8 years. 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
 
That time, we did not envisage that there will be graph based rules. I'm assuming you're familiar 
with the regulation. So when the pollution tends to pick up, there are regulations defined when 
you need to kind of prescribe halt construction. And what it does is you not only use those many 
days, it takes time for you to remobilize and again speed up, right? So I'll -- but in the new 
projects, we tend to now budget for the time in terms of our time line and planning and 
committing externally according with that. So barring aside the typical delays, I would say, a 
very handful situation we have seen projects getting delayed, but more or less, every project gets 
delivered on time. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the end of our Q&A session. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I hope we've been able to answer all your questions. If you have any further questions or would 
like any additional information, we'd be happy to be of assistance. On behalf of the management, 
thank you once again for taking the time to join us today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You 
may now disconnect lines. 
