 
Action Construction Equipment Limited 
Corporate & Registered Office 
Dudhola Link Road, Dudhola, Distt. Palwal-121102, Haryana, India 
 
 
 
 
Corporate Office: Phone: +91-1275-280111 (50 Lines), Fax: +91-1275-280133, E-mail: works2@ace-cranes.com  
Mktg. H.Q.: 4th Floor, Pinnacle, Surajkund, Faridabad, NCR-121009, Phone: +91-129-4550000 (100 Lines), Fax: +91-129-4550022, Email: marketing@ace-
cranes.com Customer Care No.:1800 1800 004 (Toll Free), CIN: L74899HR1995PLC053860, Website: www.ace-cranes.com 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: November 15, 2024 
 
To, 
The Manager Listing 
BSE Limited 
5th Floor, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
Scrip Code: 532762 
 
The Manager Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400051 
CM Quote: ACE 
 
 
 
Subject: Earnings Call Transcript Q2FY25.   
   
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith, Earnings Call Transcript 
(Q2FY25) of the Company.  
 
Kindly take the above in your record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Action Construction Equipment Limited 
 
 
Anil Kumar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
ANIL KUMAR
Digitally signed 
by ANIL KUMAR 
Date: 2024.11.15 
16:26:11 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Action Construction Equipment Limited 
Q2 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 11, 2024 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SORAB AGARWAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
ACTION CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJAN LUTHRA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ACTION CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT LIMITED 
 
MR. VYOM AGARWAL –PRESIDENT –ACTION 
CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAGHUNANDHAN – NUVAMA WEALTH 
MANAGEMENT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Action Construction Equipment Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Nuvama Wealth Management. As a reminder, 
all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing than zero on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Raghunandhan from Nuvama Wealth Management. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Raghunandhan: 
Thank you, Neha. Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon. On behalf of Nuvama Wealth 
Management, we are pleased to invite you to the Q2 FY '25 Earnings Call of Action 
Construction Equipment. We thank the management for giving us the opportunity. From the 
management team, we have Mr. Sorab Agarwal, Executive Director; Mr. Rajan Luthra, Chief 
Financial Officer; and Mr. Vyom Agarwal, President, who will represent the company. We 
will begin with brief opening remarks from the management, and then we can move on to the 
question-answer session. Over to you, sir. 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes, good afternoon. Good afternoon, and welcome, everyone, to this earnings conference call 
for discussing the results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024. Along with 
me in today's earnings con-call, we have our CFO, Mr. Rajan Luthra, and our President and 
Head of Investor Relations, Mr. Vyom Agarwal. I hope all of you have had an opportunity to 
look at the company's financial statements and the earnings presentation, which has been 
circulated and uploaded at the stock exchanges. 
 
The company sustained its growth momentum, and it gives me immense pleasure to inform 
you that this has been yet another quarter of strong performance by our company, wherein we 
have been able to increase our top line with expanded margin profile. In the backdrop of 
challenging environment, we were able to record our best ever quarter 2 performance in terms 
of revenues and best ever margin profile and profits. 
By balancing growth initiatives with prudent financial practices, we have been able to deliver 
strong returns while continuing to invest in capacity expansions with cutting-edge 
technologies. In the quarter gone by, we have improved our working capital efficiency and 
further fortified our balance sheet, which gives us the flexibility to seize growth opportunities 
in the future. 
 
To brief you on the stand-alone financial performance of second quarter FY '25. The 
operational revenues grew by 12.2% on a year-on-year basis to INR754.34 crores with an 
EBITDA margin of 18.04%. The EBITDA during the quarter expanded by 268 basis points 
and increased to INR142 crores in comparison to INR105 crores on a yearly basis, which is a 
growth of 34.47%. The PBT expanded by 199 basis points to INR126 crores, and the PAT 
expanded by 127 basis points to INR94 crores on a year-on-year basis. The PBT and PAT 
margins stood at 16% and 11.97%, respectively. On a sequential basis, the operational revenue 
was more or less in line with our estimates with a 2.82% growth, and the company was able to 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
grow its EBITDA by 13.3%, PBT by 13.32% and PAT by 12.73% as compared to quarter 1 
FY '25 with margin expansion of around 150 basis points during the quarter. 
 
The company has achieved its highest ever EBITDA, PBT and PAT margins for the quarter 
owing to sustained focus on cost efficiencies and customer-centric approach. In the quarter 
gone by, we sustained our growth momentum across all operating segments. The contribution 
of cranes, material handling and construction equipment segments stood at 92% of our total 
revenue and we reiterated our market-dominant position while registering consolidated 
revenue of INR693 crores as compared to INR612 crores in quarter 2 FY '24, which is a 
growth of 13.11%. 
 
The company recorded sales of 2,863 units in the quarter, which is up by 9% year-on-year. The 
profits also increased to INR127 crores vis-à-vis INR91 crores, thereby registering a growth of 
39.77% on a year-on-year basis. The revenue contribution of agri stood at 8%, and we 
registered a revenue of INR61.27 crores with a margin of 3.85%. 
Further, for the first half of FY '25, on a half yearly basis, we've been able to grow our 
operational revenues by 12.5% to INR1,488 crores. On a half yearly basis, EBITDA grew by 
37.72% to INR267 crores and PBT grew 27.9% and PAT grew 26.32% to INR237 crores and 
INR178 crores, respectively. 
 
Three years back, we had set ourselves a challenging goal of delivering sustained profitable 
growth, and it gives me immense pleasure to inform you that for first half FY '25, the margin 
profile of the company stood at 7.28% EBITDA, 15.34% PBT and 11.49% PAT, which is the 
highest ever in our history. 
Our consistent strong performance is reflective of our strategic clarity, strength of our brand, 
capability of our team and the agility to run the business. We have a clear and compelling 
strategy. And with our positioning in infra, manufacturing, logistics and agri sectors, 
underpinned by strong operational excellence and our distinctive capabilities, we will continue 
to drive growth and build on a purpose-led future-fit organization. 
 
In the last quarter, the company strengthened its presence in the defense sector by securing 
prestigious orders to supply custom-built forklifts to the Indian armed forces. Further, we are 
on track to receive our largest ever single order valued at over INR400 crores from the 
Ministry of Defense. This milestone will drive Defense segment's revenue contribution beyond 
5% for the years FY '26 and '27, aligning with our medium to long-term goal of achieving 5% 
to 10% share of overall revenue from the defense sector. 
Looking ahead, India remains as one of the fastest-growing economy and its prospects remain 
very strong for the period ahead. The FY '25 Union Budget raised capital expenditure to 
INR11.11 lakh crores, marking a 17% increase from FY '24 estimates of INR9.5 lakh crores. 
 
This capex amount constitutes 3.4% of India's GDP for FY '25, reinforcing the government's 
commitment to infrastructure development and growth-oriented spending having a multiplier 
effect on the economy. The budget allocation focuses on critical infrastructure sectors with 
roads and railways receiving significant portions. The road sector was allocated INR2.78 lakh 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
crores and the railways was allocated INR2.52 lakh crores. This allocation emphasizes the 
government's strategy to bolster connectivity and logistics, which is critical for sustaining 
long-term economic growth and supporting Viksit Bharat vision for 2047. 
 
The manufacturing sector has also been recognized as a critical driver for sustainable 
economic growth, especially as India works towards becoming a global manufacturing hub. 
The infrastructure and manufacturing focus of the government bodes well for our company and 
sustained demand of cranes, material handling and construction equipment. 
The company currently has a revenue capacity of around INR4,500 crores, which is set to 
increase by an additional INR600 crores through the ongoing capacity expansion, bringing the 
total to over INR5,100 crores by quarter 4 of current financial year. 
 
With this enhanced capacity, the company remains optimistic about the medium- to long-term 
prospects and remain focused to deliver on its sustainable growth agenda. Going forward, we 
would like to reiterate our earlier guidance of 15%-plus growth in cranes, material handling 
and construction equipment segments for the current year and expect agri segment to grow 
10% to 15% during the year. 
 
On the whole, we are looking at a growth of around 15% plus with stability in EBITDA 
margins at current levels. In the medium to long term, we are optimistic about the prospects of 
the company and believe that our building blocks are firmly in place for sustainable growth 
with a healthy margin profile going ahead. With this, I would like to open the call for question-
and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Aman Soni from Nvest Analytics 
Advisory LLP. Please go ahead.  
Aman Soni: 
Congrats for a decent set of numbers despite extended monsoons. Sir, my first question is on 
the agri segment. Like in last quarter, we talked about due to extended monsoons this quarter 
should be good for agri segment and we grew Q-on-Q basis. But if we see Y-on-Y basis, the 
volume numbers have decreased from 818 to 724 this quarter. So could you please help us to 
understand the reasons behind the same? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes, Vyom, you'd take that question? Vyom, you're taking that question? 
Vyom Agarwal: 
Yes. Aman, as we compare on quarter-to-quarter, sequentially, our agri numbers have -- the 
revenue of the agri has increased by 42% as compared to June quarter ending and September, 
if we compare that, and when you compare with H1 of last year and with respect to the half 
yearly numbers this year, last year, there was a big export order from an African country, 
which we were executing in the first year. And because of the global headwinds, some export 
order has been deferred to the second half of this financial year. So I'm very confident that 
we'll catch up with that number. 
 
And on the whole, for the year, we are projecting a growth of around 10% to 15% for the agri 
segment when it comes to the overall revenue. Yes, the numbers might see -- the volume 
numbers are seeing a little bit of a dip year-on-year that is because one of the segments of 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
rotavators that we have discontinued from last year to this year, so this year, we do not count 
any rotavators in our agri sales. A little bit of an impact is because of that. 
Aman Soni: 
Understood, sir. Secondly, on our guidance, like in last quarter, we were talking about 15% to 
20% range, but now sir has mentioned like 15%-plus. So despite tough first half, we delivered 
a growth of around 12.5% and second half is expected to be good as far as the construction 
industry is concerned. So why we are talking about 15%-plus? Why we are not talking about 
like upper side of the guidance that we have earlier given? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
See, our guidance last year -- in the last quarter was 15% to 20%, and I believe it is still 
similar. That's why we're saying 15%-plus. Because, unfortunately, we were expecting the 
momentum to pick up post 15th August in the last quarter because the rains also started to 
subside, but it kept on raining, and obviously, the election results, the outcome was not as 
positive as was expected. So we are just planning for a contingency. We are very hopeful of 
doing 15%-plus. And there is an easy chance it can reach up to 20%. But to be on the 
conservative side, we are saying 15%-plus. 
Aman Soni: 
Got it, sir. And sir, lastly, if you see CFO EBITDA ratio for first half, this is merely at 8%, 
majorly due to some current liabilities. So can you tell us that what is the reason for those 
liabilities getting repaid quickly and the CFO EBITDA ratio is getting down? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
You will have to take that question. 
Rajan Luthra: 
Yes. Basically -- typically, the liability is basically the payments to MSME vendors. So we 
have been preponing our payments to MSME vendor, which has reduced the liabilities which 
is part of the current liabilities. Going forward, we expect that probably by the year-end 
probably the numbers will be as similar to what we did for March '24. So it is only a temporary 
phenomenon to support our vendors to all those things. But going forward, I think we will be 
having the same numbers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshay from C D Integrated Services Limited. 
Akshay: 
Congratulations on the good set of numbers, sir. Sir, my question is what is our competitive 
edge in the Construction Equipment segment, like in cranes, tower cranes, mobile cranes and 
all these things? So apart from the other players, domestically -- I think domestically, there is 
not much competition, there are very few players, but internationally, China's dominance is 
very strong in this sector. 
 
So how do we see our competition and what is our competitive edge, be it whether it is the 
quality or the spare part availability or the price, what is our competitive edge? And the 
follow-up question on that would be, we have consistently seeing the -- our EBITDA margin 
increase for the last 10 years from 3% to 5% operating EBITDA margin to currently 13% to 
15%. So going ahead in the 2, 3 years down the line, where do we see our EBITDA margin? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Okay, the first part of your question -- rather, I will start with the second part of your question. 
See, our competition for all the products, we do different types of cranes, whether it is pick-
and-carry cranes or tower cranes or crawler cranes or truck cranes or lorry-loader cranes or 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
construction equipment different type, whether it is a backhoe or a road machinery or a 
forklift, our competition is mixed. Indian companies as well as international companies, which 
are operating in India. 
 
And obviously, some very few international companies which are importing and selling. So 
most of these international companies are manufacturing in India, and that is where our 
competition lies. 
And our key strength, ever since we started this company about 29, 30 years back has to be -- 
has been to focus on the right product, right specifications, good reliability, good performance, 
better than competition wherever possible, which is one of our strengths, coupled with a very 
cost-effective value for money proposition of price for the customer because India remains a 
price-sensitive market. 
 
Now it is becoming a feature sensitive market also, so we are trying to provide those enhanced 
features even at a better price. And finally, it's a machine. So you need service, payers, product 
support. And anybody who is able to give a turnaround time of less than 24 hours or ensure 
that the machine is up and running as soon as possible, if there is any breakdown or any issue 
which is reported. So I believe that we are doing all the 3 things right, whether it's with the 
product, offering the right product, offering at the right price, which is cost effective and good 
support. 
 
And that has been the reason that over the years, we have -- I would say, nearly 20 years now, 
we have been the market leaders in crane, and we are very hopeful to grow our market share in 
the current year by at least 1%, 1.5%, if not more. And going forward, we target to reach even 
Cranes segment up to 70% market share with pick-and-carry, and I'm sure we'll do it. It'll take 
more effort, it'll take more energy, but I'm sure it's possible. 
 
And the second part of the question was with EBITDA margins, yes, we were struggling 10 
years back with our EBITDA margins because the markets before 2014 had become very slow. 
And then gradually, our margins started to improve with operating leverage and utilizations 
increasing, which continues to happen even today. So with further operating leverage kicking 
in, there is definitely more scope of improving our margins further. 
 
But then I think as a company, we have to make a choice whether to remain competitive or 
cost effective in the market or continue to keep on increasing prices. So that call we will be 
taking over the next, I would say, 2, 3 quarters that maybe we will -- whatever is the operating 
leverage benefit, we start passing it out to our customers and not increase our prices further. 
We have not decided on it so far. But I think over -- by the end of this year or in the first half 
of next year, we'll have to take a conscious call in that direction. 
Akshay: 
Okay, sir. Okay. Very good explanation on that. And sir, my second question is about the joint 
venture with the Kato Works. So what is the development on that front? And which type of 
product segment we are targeting on that? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes. Kato is one of the big Japanese manufacturer for cranes, it is more than a 100-year-old 
company. And where we are tying up with them in a joint venture to manufacture bigger 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
capacity cranes, especially crawler cranes, truck cranes and rough terrain cranes. And it is -- in 
principle, we have already informed about our arrangement that we are in the process of 
setting up a joint venture. 
 
So definitive agreements are being negotiated currently, and we are hopeful that by early 
quarter 4, all this process would be finished. And we would be setting up a joint venture, 
maybe within quarter 4 itself or early next financial year in quarter 1 FY '26. And we intend to 
start producing machines within 6 to 8 months of that. So we will have some revenue from the 
joint venture in FY '26, and it will start to go full steam in FY '27. That is the plan as of now. 
Akshay: 
Okay, sir. And at the end of the FY '25, our capacity would be around INR5,100 crores 
revenue. So any further plans on capex on the end FY '25? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
See, our capacity will be INR5,100 crores. In saying this, I would like to add that with a very 
nominal capex, this can further be increased by INR600 crores, so I think which we will not 
exercise in the current year. But if it appears so maybe in quarter 4 of this year or quarter 1 of 
next year, we will think of doing that further enhancing it by another INR500 crores, INR600 
crores, but as of now, yes, our capacity is INR5,100 crores revenue capability. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Kataria from Max Life Insurance. 
Saurabh Kataria: 
Just wanted to -- part of the question -- I think, part of the answer you already gave in the 
previous question, but in the margins that we are seeing in the current quarter, is there a mix 
angle as well? Is there an element of higher-value cranes also coming in, which are driving the 
margins higher? 
 
And therefore, sustainability is also going to be higher? And second part is also, as regards, 
you mentioned that INR600 crores additional to the INR600 crores that you mentioned 
initially, so INR5,700 crores, INR5,800 crores can be done with minimal capex? And post that, 
if any, what is the -- do we have land, et cetera, in the current site or do we have to look for 
that? If you could sort of guide us on that as well. 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes. First part of your question regarding -- definitely, there is an angle of product mix, which 
has added to our EBITDA margins in the last quarter. And going forward, this product mix 
benefit will be there because higher tonnages crane, even in the pick-and-carry segment, within 
this segment, are gaining more traction. 
And apart from that, another contributor to our good performance with respect to profitability 
was -- I would say, that the commodity prices, especially steel, were a little off, and we were 
able to benefit from that, which is still continuing in the current quarter. 
 
But I think post Diwali, there has been some strengthening of prices. But I'm sure we'll be able 
to manage that with our upcoming price increase, which is due in 1st -- on 1st of January. So 
product mix did add commodity prices softening with -- especially with respect to steel did 
help us do a good profitability. 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
 
And the second part of your question, INR600 crores will become operational in quarter 4. 
And with nominal capex, this can be increased by an additional INR600 crores to reach 
INR5,700 crores. You've understood it right. 
And thirdly, with respect to land, at our existing main facility, which is close to about 100 
acres. So after these expansions, there will be a scope of constructing more but to a limit of 
maybe INR500 crores to INR1,000 crores more. So let's say, from our existing piece of land, at 
best, we will be able to go to close to maybe around INR6,500 crores plus/minus. 
 
But additionally, we have acquired -- because looking at the growth potential and the prices of 
lands were going up very fast. So we have already done agreements for about 82 acres of land. 
These are 2 different chunks. One is about, I think, 21 acres, other is about 61 acres. So the 21 
acres has already been registered in the company's name and we have possession of that land. 
 
The balance 61 acres chunk, hopefully, we should be in a position to bring it on to the books of 
the company and take physical possession in quarter 4. So this land would be for future growth 
of the company, and they are very close to our existing premises. The smaller piece is all of 5, 
7 minutes away, and the bigger piece is about 30, 35 minutes away from our main premises. 
Apart from that, we have also applied for another 48 acres of land with the government in a 
different state. 
 
We want it to be more centrally located going forward with respect to our exports and to 
further improve our logistics costs for the supply to South India and East India. So maybe -- 
and that's the reason we've also asked for another chunk of about 48 acres of land, which we've 
applied for. And we are very hopeful it will go through. It has been recommended. So that is 
with respect to lands for future planning. And this land which I'm talking about all put 
together, 61 acres and 21 acres and the 48 acres would actually be more than what we are 
currently using. I hope that answered your question. 
Saurabh Kataria: 
Got it, sir. Yes, it does. And best of luck for the future. 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes, thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mudit from IIFL Securities Limited. 
Mudit: 
Sir, regarding your margin expansion. So you mentioned, firstly, product mix and the 
commodity prices. So it is possible to quantify, which is the major factor, either in percentage 
term or anything? Because gross margins itself has increased, whatever the EBITDA margin 
has increased. And secondly, is there any specific reason for short-term borrowings increase if 
you see from FY '24 to this half year? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes. See, I think the margin expansion could be equally attributed to both the factors, the 
product mix as well as the commodity benefit which we got. And the short-term borrowings, I 
think Luthra-saab, you will be in a better position, but still, I'll give you a flavor. It has more to 
do with that, again, the MSME payments, which as per the new norms we have brought to par. 
And generally -- and our creditors have been reduced by about 5, 7 days in the last 1 or 2 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
quarters. So that is the reason. But the short-term borrowings, again, we'll bring back to 
nominal or nil level by end of March. Luthra-saab, do you want to add anything there? 
Rajan Luthra: 
I think you have covered all the points. Besides that, we have some -- made some payment for 
the land also, advanced payments to the -- what land you referred to. 
Sorab Agarwal: 
So it's a mix, but this is, I think, again, by end of quarter 4, I think we would again be back to 
square one. In any case, we are into negative net debt territory. We have I think, Luthra-saab, 
investments and cash to the tune of INR700 crores to INR800 crores available on our books. 
Rajan Luthra: 
Yes, we've got investment of INR785 crores and a debt of INR140 crores, so net of INR610 
crores... 
Sorab Agarwal: 
So we still have net investments and cash of INR610 crores. 
Rajan Luthra: 
That's right. 
Mudit: 
Okay. Got it, sir. And just a follow-up to that. The higher product mix, the favourable product 
mix that you said that is entirely because of the higher tonnages crane, right? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
No. Again, see it is a mix. It is not only the higher tonnage crane, but some of our NX-series 
Cranes, which we had introduced 3, 4 years back. But obviously, they were priced a little 
higher. They were multi-activity cranes. And after corona around the time, people were a little 
hesitant in adopting technology at a higher cost, which has started happening now. 
 
So it is attributable to the tonnage mix, obviously, which is shifting as a cycle, it keeps on 
happening every 5 years, 7 years. And now it is happening 20-tons and above category. And 
apart from that, also, you can attribute some part of it, not, I would say, a major part of it, to 
adoption of multi-activity cranes, which our company had introduced 3, 4 years back. And I'm 
very happy to tell you that we have patents on these cranes, so nobody can literally copy them 
or introduce them. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Kumar from Old Bridge Asset Management. 
Aditya Kumar: 
Congratulations on a very healthy set of numbers. So sir, my question is on the volumes front, 
first. So this -- especially on the Cranes, Construction Equipment and Material Handling 
segments that has been consolidated. So there in that segment, we have seen close to 9% 
volume growth. So can you just elaborate like which are the -- which of the main categories 
have contributed to that 9% growth? And how -- especially, how has the Cranes segment 
especially performed here? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes, I think the main contribution has come from forklifts, cranes and I think last quarter, the 
construction equipment was more or less flattish because construction equipment is primarily 
used only in infra construction activity that is the backhoe loaders and rollers. And that activity 
was suffering quite a lot because of rains whole of last quarter. So I would say most of the 
contribution in growth has come from cranes and forklifts. Right, Luthra, sir? 
Rajan Luthra: 
That's right, sir. 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes, yes, yes. 
Aditya Kumar: 
Okay. So if I look at the overall industry and the competition, so this quarter, the industry and 
the competition has -- if I'm correct, has degrown a bit in the Cranes segment. But if your 
Cranes segment volume has grown, then how would your market share be -- would be 
currently in the pick-and-carry cranes? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes. I'm sure our market share would have been affected positively. And I did mention, I think 
in one of the answers before this that we are very hopeful that in this year, we should be able to 
increase our market share both in tower cranes as well as pick-and-carry cranes by at least 1% 
or 2% points, which would be only clear by end of the year. Because last year, we were 
struggling on account of capacities and especially in the first half of last year, we were losing 
orders on account of deliveries not available with our company. 
 
And the situation got rectified only end of quarter 3, quarter 4 last year. So our capacities are 
in place, by Q4 will be further expanded. So we are very hopeful that there will be a positive 
impact on our market share by end of this year, both in pick and carry as well as tower cranes. 
Aditya Kumar: 
Any sense on market share number, specific number, what would be the current market share 
number we will be having on the pick-and-carry side? Like you mentioned like 63% market 
share in the presentation. So is it the same, similar number or has it increased? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
I think it's dynamic. Monthly, quarterly, it keeps on shifting between 62%, 64%, to be very 
frank. So on an average by the end of the year, it turns out to 63%. I think 1%, 1.5% increase is 
possible within this year. So it could go to 64%, 65%. That is what is possible and it seems 
balanced. We'll have to achieve it to confirm it. 
Aditya Kumar: 
Any specific target market share you are having for this segment in the future? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
We want to be 70% in pick-and-carry cranes. 
Aditya Kumar: 
Okay, okay. And sir, on the construction equipment side, backhoe loaders. So for last 2 years, 
the performance has been -- has significantly improved on -- in this side, on the backhoe 
loaders side. So what would be -- and you guided like you would be increasing the market 
share significantly from here on? Like you would -- you were having like 1% or 2% market 
share and you would be increasing. So what would the would be the current market share in 
the backhoe loaders segment? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Market share is still similar, around 2%, 2.5%. And to be very frank with you, in the last 
quarter, we have not done good numbers in backhoe loaders, primarily because of 2 aspects. 
Infra activity was very low because of excessive rains, which continued well into September. 
And also because our exports of this product, the Construction Equipment segment products 
were a little affected. 
 
So we will do a catch-up in second half of this year with respect to construction equipment. 
And we would -- generally, we were expecting a higher rate of growth for construction 
equipment, maybe 30% to 50%, 40%, but this year might be a little sideways with respect to 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
construction equipment maybe only a 10%, 15%, which time will tell once we've finished 
quarter 3 and quarter 4. But it's prominently due to weak performance, which we were not able 
to do in the first half of this year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of CA Garvit Goyal from Nvest Analytics Advisory LLP. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Congrats for a decent set of numbers. Sir, like you mentioned that you will be having capacity 
of INR5,100 crores by the end of this financial year. My question is like how the ramp-up will 
happen, like with this kind of capacity at the beginning of FY '26, how do you look at FY '26 
and FY '27 in the terms of execution or ramping up this total capacity? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
See, last year, as I was just mentioning, we suffered on account of capacity not being available. 
And we lost on the opportunity of increasing our market share in our core products in FY '24. 
So keeping that in mind, we had increased our capacity. And within the current year, we had 
further planned to increase our capacity, which is already underway. So I believe that in future, 
whenever we are touching about 80% of our capacity, will be our normal norm that we will try 
and increase some capacity. 
 
So that we're not taken aback. And luckily, our country is growing fast. And the government 
has big plans, already INR11 lakh crores in the current year budget, which is 3x of what it used 
to be 5, 7 years back with respect to capex. And going forward, we believe and understand that 
by 2030, this INR11 lakh crores would be looking more like INR20 lakh crores, INR22 lakh 
crores into capex by government. 
 
So we do not want to lose out at any stage with respect to the capacity that we have and that is 
the reason why we were building it. Yes, this year has been slightly slower as compared to 
what we would have planned. But it was evident that first half will be slow mainly because of 
elections and then obviously, monsoons. And second half has already started picking up and 
about 55% of our revenue generally comes in the second half. 
 
So looking at all that, I think this year, if we do a 15%, 20% growth, so that will be somewhere 
INR3,400 crores plus/minus. It could be INR100 crores, INR200 crores on either side. I would 
feel the positive side. And hopefully, we should be getting closer to our capacity that we have 
created within FY '26 because in any case, we had committed or we had planned that between 
FY '23 to FY '26 we will triple our revenue. So from INR2,200 crores in any case, we have to 
somehow try and achieve INR4,400 crores by FY '26. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Understood, sir. Like at the beginning of, I think, FY '24 also we were kind of expecting a 
growth of 25% CAGR for next 3 years, right, so is that target intact? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
See, first is FY '23 to FY '26, then is FY '24 to FY '27. I feel currently, we are focused on FY 
'22 to -- FY '23 to FY '26, INR2,200 crores to INR4,400 crores. God willing, if things start to 
shape up and this whatever the 3, 4 months of tepid growth or -- which has happened post 
elections because the sentiment has got affected a little. I'm sure everything will catch up in the 
next 3, 4, 5 months, and things will again start to roll in FY '26. So we will try to achieve both, 
but the first one seems more doable. 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Garvit Goyal: 
Got it, sir. And sir, in other income, like in last quarter also, you mentioned there is some 
rental income. So is it like we are renting the cranes or what is this rental income? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
I think in -- within Action Construction Equipment Limited, we have some crawler cranes, 
which are on rental. Luthra-saab, if you can elaborate this? 
Rajan Luthra: 
That's right, sir. We have very small number for crawler cranes which is given on rent. So that 
is what that -- as we are not competing with our customers, see, hey probably don't give a 
products on rent, but because some of the OEMs want us to give us -- want to deal directly on 
some of the machines we give it. So the revenue is very small. If I look at revenue for the 
rental income will be as low as INR8 crores to INR9 crores, that's all. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Understood, sir. And sir, you mentioned in your opening remarks about the defense order, 
single largest defense order that you are expecting. So how much time would it take, like can 
we expect in this quarter only? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes. I think the indication that we have, it is already in the draft stage, and we should -- if 
everything goes well, we should be receiving the order within November. It is a INR400 
crores-plus, close to about INR420 crores order. It is our single largest order. And also, 
obviously, the largest order we've ever received from the Army. Apart from that, we are also 
expecting another INR20 crores, INR25 crores order within November from the Army for a 
different type of product. 
 
So -- but yes, this -- and this INR400 crores order, we will have close to 3 years to execute it, 
but we want to execute it within FY '26 and FY '27 in the next 2 years. So INR200 crores 
additional revenue addition is easily possible on this account from defense, which will take 
defense business contribution in our overall revenue to more than 5%, maybe close to 6%, 7% 
in both the years. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Understood, sir. And like it must be based on the tenders, right? So what kind of margins we 
can expect here? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
The margins are more or less in sync with the company's margins. And -- because, obviously, 
we cannot be overcharging anything, and we are definitely a very patriotic type of company. 
So we will -- it is in sync with the company margins. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Got it. And lastly, on the electric cranes, like what are the updates on that? Like by when are 
we looking to launch that product or scaling up the product? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
The -- see, product is already available. The only thing the regulations are missing. So again, it 
is expected that within November or latest by December, the notification, which has come with 
respect to CMVR regulations for this electric construction equipment should get notified and 
we can sell it and get it registered. The customers can buy and get the machines registered, 
which is a norm. So I think ramping up will start maybe second half of December or maybe 
within January, definitely and the electric cranes will start to gain more traction. 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Garvit Goyal: 
Understood, sir. That's it from my side, sir. All the best for the future. Hope you will deliver 
for -- what you are known for. 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Thank you. We will also try our level best. That's why somebody was asking 15% or 20%, it's 
better to be cautious than to be over bullish. So if this year has been slow, so there is no harm 
in accepting it is slow. But like I said, second half is 55% of our revenue and in good years, it 
can also go beyond 55%. So let us hope a miracle happens in the second half. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirav Vasa from Portfolio Managers. Please go ahead.  
Nirav Vasa: 
This is Nirav here from ASK Investment Managers. Sir, I have a couple of questions. The first 
question is pertaining to increase in cost of engines. So basically, what we have seen is that 
there has been rating change and there has been a significant increase in the cost of power 
gens. So wanted to check, for us, engine being a critical component, what has been the 
increase in our costs for that part? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
See, I'll tell you, Nirav. With respect to power generation or gen sets, there have been 
regulations which have come in, and I think they are now controlled by CPCB IV, if I'm not 
wrong. 
Nirav Vasa: 
Yes. 
Sorab Agarwal: 
We are not in the power generation segment or gen sets, but I think it is CPCB IV. Similarly, 
in our equipment they are regulated by CMVR, Central Motor Vehicle Rules, under the CEV 
category, construction equipment vehicle category. And engines less than 50 horsepower are at 
BS III level, emission -- Euro III, you can see or BS III. And engines bigger than 50 
horsepower are currently at BS IV. 
 
On 1st January, there is a transition. BS III engines are going directly to BS V and BS IV 
engines are going to BS V. And yes, there is going to be a cost increase. The last cost increase 
was in I think September-October '21 when some engines went from BS III to BS IV. But now 
all engines are going to BS VI emission norms, which will put us at par with the European 
norms, better than Japanese and American because they're still at BS IV or Euro IV. 
 
We'll be at Stage V. And there is a significant increase for the engines which are going from 
BS III to BS V. So the cost of the machine can go up anywhere between, I would say, 11% to 
15%. Average, we calculated will be around 12%. The machines which are going from BS IV 
to BS V, there'll be a cost impact of 5% to 6%. So from 1st January onwards, like I'll just 
repeat again, engines going from BS III to BS V, there will be a cost impact of around 12%, 
average. Machines going from BS IV to BS V from 1st January onwards, there will be 5% to 
6% increase. And about 60% of our machines are going from BS III to BS V. 
Nirav Vasa: 
Got it. And sir, like because of this price hike, which I believe most of your customers must be 
knowing. Are we sensing any prebuy to happen or maybe has there a scenario wherein your 
customer has given you some kind of advance and booked the equipment and has asked for the 
delivery to be done at a later stage? 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Sorab Agarwal: 
It has already started happening post Diwali till 4th there were holidays. It has already started 
happening. The number of orders and inquiries have started increasing. And I think in this 
week itself, we are going to be releasing our new price list, which will become effective from 
1st of January, which will give a very clear and realistic indication to customers and we've told 
all our salespeople to inform all the buyers who are waiting for buying machines over the next 
2, 3 months that their cost is going to go up by 5%, 6% to up to 12%. 
 
So in case they want to save on it, they can prebuy. So we are hopeful that we can expect a 
15%, 20% additional sales on this account; balance, time will tell. Man proposes, God 
disposes. We are ready with our inventory. We are ready with our planning. 
Nirav Vasa: 
So effectively, if a customer gives you an advance in December and tells you that machinery 
needs to be delivered in February, is that possible? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Technically, it is possible if we have stock available and that stock is uploaded on VAHAN. 
So I'm sure there will be some carryover stock. Some customers might be able to do it. But the 
-- but any order for delivery, which we want to take in January or February will be subject to 
availability. So if we are sold out within December for a particular model, then we cannot. So 
the best bet for any customer would be to take delivery before 31st of December. 
Nirav Vasa: 
Got it, sir. And sir, with regards to procurement of engines, like are our engine suppliers ready 
with the stricter compliance engines or how is it? Because they also have to do a lot of testing 
and compliance from government to get themselves certified. 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes. See, it is not only the engine. With those modified engines, let's say, upgraded engines 
from BS III to BS V or BS IV to BS V, even we have to make machines and get our machines 
CMVR-approved from ARAI or iCAT, just like automobiles or commercial vehicles. This 
process has been going on for the last 2, 2.5 years in our engineering and R&D, and obviously, 
with the engine guys. 
 
So all our protos, I would say most of our models have already received ARAI approval. There 
are some pending which we are expecting within November. Rather within the month of 
January, we are making some pilot lots of most of the models. And same will happen again in 
December to do away with any supply chain issue with respect to regular production when it 
comes on from January. 
Nirav Vasa: 
Got it. And sir, with effective at the start of calendar year 2025, when we have the -- we will 
have probably the strictest emission norm compliance, how big can be the export market... 
Sorab Agarwal: 
In the world. 
Nirav Vasa: 
Yes. Yes, how can the big -- how can be the export market for us? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes. See, I'll tell you 2 things. The BS V standard, similar to Euro V, the Indian BS V is even 
more stricter than the European because, unfortunately, our government has picked out the 
most stringent norms and put it in our BS V for construction equipment. So our norms are a 
notch above BS V of Europe. And when we have to go to BS VI, it is going to be very, very 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
easy because actually, most of the things are qualifying for BS VI to be very frank with you, 
first thing. Yes, definitely -- see, this Tier 5 or Tier 4 is in America -- Americas rather and 
Europe and Japan and some other developed countries, which are -- which have not been our 
target markets in the last -- in the past. 
 
But going forward in the next 2 years, 3 years, even these markets, once we have totally 
adapted to the technology and perfected it, I'm sure these things will also come into our 
scheme of things, the developed markets with respect to export of our cranes or construction 
equipment. And we are very seriously looking at it. 
 
And in the same breath, what we are also doing is the whole of this year and going into the 
next 6 months of the next year, we are working on upgrading the aesthetics and the look and 
feel of our machines. Most of our models to meet international standards like the machines, the 
way they are in Europe or in America. So that exercise will also get captured. So hopefully, in 
1 or 2 years from now, we will also try and go into the developed part of the world with our 
machines. 
Nirav Vasa: 
Got it, sir. And sir, with regards to the JV that we are intending to do with the Japanese 
partner, the scope and nature of the work would be like if you can elaborate a bit more, is it -- 
would that be restricted to contract manufacturing or how would that scope of work be? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
I have understood your question, and I will answer it. It is not contract manufacturing. This is a 
50-50 JV between ACE and Kato of Japan. This would be a manufacturing JV. So this JV will 
be manufacturing machines with technology from ACE as well as Kato. Kato will work on 
ACE technology machines to upgrade them at their R&D in Japan. And so the machines would 
be upgraded machines in sync with international standard and performance. And this is a 
manufacturing JV. 
 
So this is the first type of machine which will be made, which are upgraded ACE machines 
with Kato technology. Second type of machines would be machines with Kato technology, 
which are totally similar to what Kato is doing in Japan. So the machines to be made with ACE 
and Kato technology will be sold by ACE in India with our current network or enhanced 
networks and the machines which are made totally on Kato design will be sold by Kato 
internationally. And if there is any market for those models within the country, ACE will be 
doing it. 
Nirav Vasa: 
Got it. And sir, my final question is pertaining to the O&M revenues. I understand these are 
very, very mission-critical equipment’s. What kind of potential do you see in the operations 
and maintenance part? And how big can this piece of revenue be for you? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
See, I think Luthra-saab, our spare parts revenue is close to about INR50 crores, INR60 
crores? Luthra-saab? 
Rajan Luthra: 
It is around 4% of our turnover, sir. 
Sorab Agarwal: 
4% of our turnover. So I've understood your question, I'll answer it in 2 parts. We realize that 
the sales of our spare parts is reasonably underpenetrated in the market because over the years, 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
a lot of spurious players and alternate parts have come up. So we are working very strictly 
there so that our spare parts sales or spare parts contribution to our total sales revenue 
increases and our target is to increase it by 50% to 100% from what it is currently. I think it is 
possible. That's one part of the question.  
 
And for this, we have come out with our DMS and a lot of other things, the service app is 
under planning so that a customer does not go out of the fold of our network with respect to 
service and parts. 
Secondly, most of the O&M revenue, I would say, not O&M, we are not into O&M. We don't 
operate the machines. But most of the maintenance revenue goes to our dealerships, except for 
products like tower cranes or the bigger crawler cranes, which are sophisticated pieces of 
technology, and we handle it directly, not through dealerships. There, again, there is a scope of 
increasing that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pavan Vanukuri, an individual investor. 
Pavan Vanukuri: 
Okay. This is regarding the acquisition which you have -- I mean which you have mentioned in 
the previous conference call, sir. In Q2 or Q3, we were expecting an acquisition to happen 
outside India, right? So is it still in plan or are you still working on that or can you give some 
update on that, please? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
See, we were very aggressively working on some acquisition plans outside India to increase 
our product portfolio and to also increase our penetration in that market, but something more 
important or more interesting has come up, a better opportunity of trying to do the same thing 
which we were trying to do. And so in lieu of that, that acquisition we were looking outside 
India has currently been put on hold till such time this opportunity is totally understood and 
implemented by us. 
 
So as of now, that acquisition outside India has been put on hold, and we are working on even 
a better opportunity. So hopefully, if everything goes well, maybe in quarter 4 or quarter 1 next 
year, we might be able to announce this -- even a better opportunity, like I said. And I cannot 
disclose anything more than that at the current juncture because these are very sensitive 
matters. 
Pavan Vanukuri: 
Sure. Sure. I mean, if the JV with Kato Works going to help us achieve what we are trying to 
do instead of going with some acquisition, sir? Because Kato itself is going to support us in 
entering the export markets, right? So if... 
Sorab Agarwal: 
No. Kato JV is a separate thing. It is for bigger cranes. This acquisition was for a different 
product category to get access to technology and to increase our presence, not only in India, 
but even in international markets. So the opportunity I'm talking about is totally different. And 
hopefully, if it goes through, which it will, as it seems, this will be much bigger than whatever 
anyone of us imagined. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take this as the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
November 11, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes. Thank you. I think we have had a reasonable quarter amidst all the headwinds and 
excessive rains and the sentiment going a little lower because of the election results. But I 
think we've been able to pull off a reasonable job with respect to our last quarter results. And 
we expect that generally in sync which I've mentioned earlier, that 55% of our revenue comes 
in the second half. So hopefully, that will play again, as it has in the last 29 years for us. And 
we will be able to maintain our margin profile. 
 
We will be able to increase our revenue. And with some prebuying of BS III and BS IV 
machines happening as BS V kicks in, in January that should also add to our revenue growth in 
quarter 3 and on a whole year basis, I think we are committed to at least a 15%-plus scenario 
with respect to our revenue, which can reach up to 20%, that time will tell. And I think with 
this, I'd like to close the call, and I thank everybody for attending the call. Thank you. 
Rajan Luthra: 
Thank you, everybody. 
Vyom Agarwal: 
Thank you all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Nuvama Wealth Management, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
