 
 
 
No. RITES/SECY/NSE                                                            Date: November 13, 2024 
 
To 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra - 
Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400051 
 
 
To 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
BSE Limited,  
Rotunda Building, 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code- RITES 
 
 
Scrip Code- 541556 
 
 
 
Sub: Outcome of Investors/ Analysts meet - Transcript of the Conference Call 
held to discuss Financial Results for quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2024 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Please find enclosed herewith Transcript of the conference call with analysts and 
investors held on Thursday, November 07, 2024, to discuss the unaudited financial 
results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended on September 30, 2024.  
   
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For RITES Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ashok Mishra 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: F6411 
 
Ashok 
Mishra
Digitally signed 
by Ashok Mishra 
Date: 2024.11.13 
19:09:17 +05'30'

 
 
RITES Ltd 
Quarter 2 | FY 2025 
07 Nov, 2024 
 
 
Moderator:  
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Steve. Moderator for this conference. Welcome to 
the conference call of RITES Limited to discuss its Q2 FY25 results.  
 
We have with us today, Shri Rahul Mithal - Chairman and Managing Director, Shri Arun Kumar 
Singh - Director Projects, Dr. Deepak Tripathi - Director Technical and Shri Krishna Gopal 
Agarwal - Director Finance. 
  
At this moment, all participants are in the listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question-
and-answer session. At that time, if you have a question, please press ‘*’ and ‘1‘on your 
telephone keypad. Please note this conference is being recorded and in the interest of time 
and fairness to all participants. You are requested to restrict yourselves to one question per 
participant. Time permits, you may come back in the question queue.  
 
Now, I would like to hand over the floor to Shri Rahul Mithal - Chairman and Managing 
Director of RITES Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir.  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
Morning, everyone. I begin with the Safe Harbor statement. The presentation and the press 
release which we uploaded on our website and exchanges yesterday and discussions during 
the call today may have some forward-looking statements. These statements consider the 
environment we see as of today and obviously carry a risk in terms of uncertainty because of 
which the actual results could be materially different and we do not undertake to update 
those statements periodically.  
 
To begin with, let me give you a brief overview of the quarter two and then we leave the floor 
open for questions.  
 
Quarter 2 has been a tough quarter in terms of the execution. Some of our projects in 
different geographies were impacted due to various reasons as you are aware of many 
infrastructure projects across various geographies being impacted in this quarter. We are 
consolidating and our focus has to be and will be in the coming quarters to continue increasing 
the execution and the sequential trend in terms of revenue about 11 to 12% from quarter one 
to quarter 2. That is what we will consolidate upon in the coming quarters, so that the effort is 
to be able to reach as close as possible of an FY basis as close as possible to the previous FY.  
 
In terms of the order inflows, we are quite aggressively moving forward in maintaining our 
track record of being a 1 order a day company and in this quarter itself we got 90 plus orders 
totaling to about 700 plus crore. And this quarter was in fact more than even the entire H1 of 
previous FY. So, we need to keep on consolidating our order book and, we will continue to 
focus on increased execution in the balanced quarters of this FY.  
 
With these broad opening comments, I leave the floor open for questions.  
 
Moderator:  
The first question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus. Please go ahead.  
 
Shreyans Mehta:  
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is as far as the margins are concerned, so if 
you see Sir, you know after a long period of time, the margins have actually come down below 
20. So just wanted to understand, are there anyone offs during the quarter? And secondly in 
terms of you know, how should we see the margin trajectory going forward? That's the first 
question.  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
So, morning Shreyans. In terms of margin, if you see, we are in the range of about just below 
20 EBITDA margins and PAT margins about you know 15% on a consolidated basis, we will 
continue to try and improve as execution improves in Q3-Q4, there will be slight uptick in the 
margin, but we will remain in this range. If you see H1 also, our overall margins i.e. EBITDA 
289202/2024/S&CC
285

 
 
margin on the consolidated basis is about 21% and PAT margins are 16%. So, in the range of 
about 20-21% and this would be the range the range of EBITDA and about 15 to 16% of PAT 
margin moving forward even on a FY basis.  
 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinamra Hirawat from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Vinamra Hirawat:  
So, I wanted to know what the ratio of the order book is where you know the share of 
nomination and competition orders will stabilize. We're currently at around two third and one 
third, where do you see this stabilizing and are we seeing further margin pressure as 
nomination orders go up in any of the segments moving forward? 
 
Rahul Mithal:  
Vinamra, so, the ratio which you see in the order book is the ratio of the order book. If you see 
the fresh intake of orders, the ratio of competitor is even higher. It's now in the range of about 
70 odd percent plus. And this trend is only increasing from quarter to quarter. I see this only 
increasing, it will always remain, I think 70% plus in terms of competitive on an averaged-out 
basis and will only increase. In terms of margins, yes, because of this and continuously trying to 
get more orders also, there will be a stress on margin but I foresee as I told to the previous 
caller that on an average, I see EBITDA margins hovering around about 20 odd percent and 
PAT margins hovering around about 15 odd percent on a console basis.  
 
Vinamra Hirawat:  
Got it. 
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Viraj from Jupiter Financial. Please go ahead.  
 
Viraj:  
Yeah. Good morning, Sir. My question is on exports only can you give some color what we're 
planning out? I understand we got three orders so far and the execution timeline.  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
Morning, Viraj. So, we started breaking that hiatus of about three to four years of no export 
order. We got the 1st order of about `300 crore in Q4. Second order over `900 crore in Q1. In 
Q2, we got another order of South Africa about `35 crore. And in Q3 also in the one month or 
so we’ve got another order of about `50 odd crore from South Africa. So, we are trying and 
breaking that gap. We are now continuously getting orders. The average timeline and some of 
these are locomotive and some of them are coach orders like the Bangladesh `900 crore plus 
is a coach order. They have a finite timeline. What we are expecting is that the first revenue 
from these orders will start coming in by Q1 of next FY and most of these orders will generate 
a substantial revenue if you see during the entire next FY. So, the effort of trying to 
continuously keep on getting new orders that is our aspiration is to get one export order, at 
least one in every quarter. And then by next FY, the existing orders start generating revenue.  
 
Viraj:  
Is the regarding export only? How is the Bangladesh export planning out because of the 
geopolitical uncertainties?  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
So, it is an EIB funded project, so there is no problem in terms of the funding, all necessary 
approvals paperwork is in place, the design approvals are going on for the prototype, the 
setback was only temporary for 2-3 month or so. So it is, you know, the timeline has spilled by 
about 2-3 months. So, what we were aiming to somehow slip through some coaches by Q4 or 
early Q1 may slide by few months, but it's on track.  
 
Viraj:  
 
 
OK. Thank you, Sir. I will come back in the queue.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parimal Mithani from Credential investments. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Parimal Mithani:  
Sir, I just wanted to know, whether the reason for quality assurance is due to the competitive 
nature. How do you look into it there?  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
Yes, I'm glad you asked that Parimal. You see, we were doing quality assurance which has a 
good margin, higher revenue source for us for last nearly 5 decades and more than two-third 
of this was from Indian Railways as a client and this was on a nomination basis with a good 
margin. Early last year, the work was divided for the first time through an open tender 
between four players, so the volume went down to about 30% and the rates came down to 
289202/2024/S&CC
286

 
 
about 20% of the rate. So, you can see a double hit and these orders against the new contract, 
the inspection call started hitting in by latter part of the last FY, and now that is the new rates. 
So that's why this has given us a hit. Having said that, parallelly last year itself from early last 
year we started diversifying into a lot of other clients in the QA Business and if you compare 
from last year within one year what used to be about 60% plus or two-third of IR as a client, in 
this Q2 it is down to about it's become reverse about 40% as IR as a client and 60% plus as 
non-IR as a client. So, we have taken work across a number of non-IR clients, both domestic 
and international. We got a first order from Sri Lanka, so with this, in the coming quarters, our 
aim is to come back, at least in terms of the total revenue from this stream to the pre this 
tender level, you know early last year's levels.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Manan Poladia. Please go ahead.  
 
Manan Poladia:  
Just a question since you said that our split of business from IR to outside business has slipped, 
is that also something that has a bearing on the margins, were we getting better pricing for the 
railway business that we're not now getting within the outside business that we're trying to 
do?  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
So, Manan, I’m specifically talking of the QA stream of my business, right, we do lot of other 
work for IR also, this is QA stream, the inspection stream of revenue which as I said was about 
two-third IR and one-third non-IR. And obviously now that we are diversifying and have been 
doing it in the last year or so. Taking orders across non-IR, the margins have taken 
comparatively of huge hit. The rates have also gone down substantially and if you analyze that, 
that is one of the main hits if you compare YoY, all other schemes of revenue, whether it is 
project consultancy, leasing, turnkey, etcetera have been steadily growing. They have reached 
all-time highs in fact, in some quarters the hit has been due to contribution from this particular 
stream of revenue and as I mentioned to one of the earlier callers, the export revenue which 
has not been there for last few quarters, which is expected to pick up by next FY.  
 
Manan Poladia:  
 
Right, Sir, I understand that. 
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus. Please go ahead.  
 
Shreyans Mehta:  
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity, Sir. Coming to a FY25, as you said, you know, probably 
export orders traction should start from FY 26. So how should one look at FY 25 in terms of 
revenues given that export orders wouldn't be there and 2nd follow up would be you know 
once the export orders start trickling in? Will the working apple cycle be similar to what we 
had earlier, or would there be any changes?  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
I didn't get your follow up when the extra orders keep coming up, I didn't get that.   
 
Shreyans Mehta:  
When the export orders start contributing, say FY26 onwards, will the working capital cycle 
remain the same as we had earlier? How will the working capital cycle work?  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
So, in terms of FY25, as I said at the outset, the focus now is Q3-Q4 as normally Q3-Q4 gives 
the best execution for infrastructure projects. The aim is to really step on the gas and execute 
all our infrastructure projects. We've got a huge order book now and we are growing not only 
in the order book, but as I said, the focus has to be increased in execution both in the 
consultancy as well as the turnkey so that we come as closer to the previous FY and the export 
revenue started, which will definitely start coming in by early next FY. And this large order 
book which we have now of about `1300 odd crore of export orders plus some orders will 
come up also, in terms of that, they will start generating revenue in next FY. The working 
capital requirement for exports has been hardly any. That’s our traditional model which we 
have been doing export of rolling stock traditionally. So, working capital requirement has been 
minimal and will remain in that range.  
 
Shreyans Mehta:   
Got it. That's it from my side. Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinamra Hirawat from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Vinamra Hirawat:  
So, my question is regarding execution and so can we know why execution has been lower 
across multiple geographies like you said in the introduction, is there anything other than the 
289202/2024/S&CC
287

 
 
monsoons and any possibility of our sales having been impacted due to lower government 
spending than expected in the first half of this fiscal year? 
 
Rahul Mithal:  
I don't think there is any substantial reason except the reason that you pointed in terms of 
infrastructure, there have been certain geographies which were definitely impacted due to the 
you know, the rains, etc. But if you see Q1 to Q2 sequentially, we have tried to step on it and 
there has been about 11 to 12% growth in the operating revenue. But yes, if you compare YoY, 
it is lower, about 7% odd lower. So, we need to and as I said Q3-Q4, we will be able to, the 
visibility is quite clear in terms of execution at the ground level. There doesn't seem to be any 
major finite substantial reason why the execution level should not improve in Q3-Q4 of these 
projects. 
 
Vinamra Hirawat:  
So, it's not because of low government spending, it's more because of just monsoons and 
geographies? 
 
Rahul Mithal:  
No, not at all. We have about 600 plus orders of consultancy and turnkey across totaling to the 
`6580 crore and this definitely is these are just in terms of you see the factor which you saw in 
across certain geographies, across the country and so I don't see any problem at all in stepping 
up and seeing at least minimum, we've already seen Q1 to Q2 about 11-12%. I see in terms of 
execution even a bigger substantial execution growth moving sequentially.  
 
Vinamra Hirawat:   
OK. Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viraj from Jupiter Financial. Please go ahead.  
 
Viraj: 
Yes sir, my question is on the export order only, the `1300 crore the export order will be 
executed over what period of time, Sir, once you start from FY25?  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
You see, Viraj, normally locomotives take about an average of 18 months and coaches about 
15 odd months. These orders are locomotives and coaches and the coaches won for 
Bangladesh got affected by about let's say three to four months. So, putting that time frame of 
about 18 odd months and these orders are already in our kitty. I think next FY, we have a 
bright chance of executing a substantial chunk. Our aim would be to, I would say rather than 
putting a specific percentage but with `1300 odd crore order in hand, we would like to 
execute a substantial chunk of it in the coming FY.  
 
Viraj:  
And Sir, follow up on that, the margins on the export would be in range of 25% EBITDA and 
20% PAT since it is an export order? 
 
Rahul Mithal:  
No. I've explained that earlier, when we've got these orders for the first time, breaking hiatus 
about three to four years, most of the, nearly all the export orders which we have got in the 
last four to five decades have been through the line of credit through EXIM Bank tenders, 
which were primarily more or less kind of a nomination mode. The line of credit has 
completely become dry for export of rolling stocks in the last three to four years. All these 
orders which we are getting are non-line of credit orders through a competitive global tender 
bidding. It is like, I said the Bangladesh order is an EIB funded tender where there was huge 
competition across the countries. So obviously those levels of margins are in no way possible 
moving forward in the export stream, the margins will definitely be better than the turnkey 
segment, but definitely not in the range of the traditional export 25% odd margins.  
 
Viraj:  
What would be the margin say in that case would be in what range would be give some 
indicative range?  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
Well, it's premature. See each of these have been built at different margins and the aim would 
be to execute them quicker so that we get margins even better than what we bid at. So, it will 
be very difficult right now to make one figure, each one of them has different levels of margin, 
but for sure I mean in terms of very clear clarity, they are definitely well below 25 odd 
percent.  
 
Viraj:  
 
 
OK. Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parimal Mithani from Credential investments. 
Please go ahead.  
289202/2024/S&CC
288

 
 
 
Parimal Mithani:  
Sir, in terms of follow up to the quality assurance business, you launched this thing called 
Vistar. So how does it help in terms of if you can explain that and is it going to be margin 
accretive to us?  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
Yeah, I'm glad you asked this question. This is, you know a very important initiative for from us, 
for getting cutting edge technology across our areas and QA being a very important area, this 
is basically the use of AI for inspections of rail at SAIL’s Bhilai plant and this is a very good start. 
First of all, it improves the quality of inspection, it's a very important safety related aspects and 
these are early days. It is to get in this technology to 1st improve the quality and then be able 
to use this technology not only in rail but other safety items that we inspect and then that is 
the time when we'll be able to capitalize on this both in domestic and international market. AI 
based inspection to generate more and more profitable orders. Right now, these are early 
days of a very good initiative to try and have a breakthrough in using AI for this safety items 
inspection.  
 
Parimal Mithani:  
 
OK. Thank you. I'll come in the queue.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manan Poladia from MKP Securities. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Manan Poladia:  
My second question was on the REMC business. You had said that we are putting out tenders 
for the 700 MW I think plan. I was just wondering if there is any update on that and if you 
could also tell me how we are thinking of the REMC business for say the next three to five 
years going forward, what sort of capacities we're looking at?  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
So, in terms of the REMC business, it has been performing well, as you would have seen, it is 
being successively growing and giving profits. It's has given of about `20 odd crore profit in 
this quarter and also giving good dividend to RITES and IR. The tenders, we have finalized, one 
tender for 900 MW and 2nd of 600 MW. The PPA is being done the as of now the 695MW is 
being reviewed.  
 
Manan Poladia:  
 
OK. Understood, sir.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Uttam Kumar from Axis Securities. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Uttam Kumar:  
Good morning and thanks for the opportunity. Sir, what is our current status of Zimbabwe 
order that we got around 500 crore? Any update on that?  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
Yes, morning. So, this Zimbabwe as you would be recalling was an agreement signed last year, 
it is about `700 odd crore. We did not enter it into our order book, considering that it has a 
clause in the agreement that it is subject to funding from the AFREXIM bank. We have been 
continuously having deliberations with the NRZ and AFREXIM Bank. We are quite hopeful that 
the way it has been moving forward, they have had some basic in principle approvals in place. 
However, we are stepping cautiously, we don't want to expose, you know, take any liability till 
the clear funding letter comes from AFREXIM Bank. But the way things are moving, I am 
hopeful that this should mature in the coming months.  
 
Uttam Kumar:  
 
OK. Thanks a lot.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Gaurav, an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
 
Gaurav:  
Thank you for taking my question. My question was on the export front. Like you said, a major 
chunk of the order will be executed during this year. So, what number can we expect at the 
end of the fiscal year and how do you see it going forward?  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
So, as I said, Gaurav, our order book of export as it stands now is about `1300 odd crore and 
we expect that this will start fetching revenue by early next FY because in the export stream of 
revenue, when a sizable lot is manufactured and is shipped out and we get the bill of lading 
that we recognize the revenue. So, the recognition of revenue will start sometime early next 
FY and considering an average lead time of about 18 odd months, 18 to 20 plus months for 
manufacture of locomotives and export and for coaches also, I see that for the `1300 odd 
289202/2024/S&CC
289

 
 
crore, if you calculate backwards would, as I said substantial amount would get booked in the 
next FY.  
 
Gaurav:   
 
OK. Thank you so much. I'll get back in the queue.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal from Antique Stockbroking. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Vishal:  
Yes, Sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So, on a margin front or for a turnkey segment. On a 
quarterly basis, we are seeing clocking in roughly like you know one point 1% odd. So, is that 
fair to say probably like you know this is kind of a new run rate for turnkey margins for us? 
 
Rahul Mithal:  
You see, yes, turnkey business by itself hovers about 2 to 3% margin. This one has been 
substantially lower because now many of them are in the final execution stages, especially the 
IR projects that we were doing like electrification etcetera. So, at the latter stage where the 
execution is there and most of the material has come and the revenue has been booked, so 
margins go down but then normally on an overall basis, turnkey projects would hover around 
about 2 to 3% maximum.  
 
Vishal:  
OK, so this first half run rate of 1-1.1, so I mean is expected to move up to roughly 2 to maybe 
like 3, is that fair way to understand?  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
As the older lot of turnkey projects finish and the new orders that we have get as they start 
their execution and there is some overlap also of some of the earlier projects coming into Q3-
Q4, it will definitely creep up slowly and on an average basis if you see turnkey project, they 
would hover around about 2 odd percent.  
 
Vishal:  
So, if I may ask one more, I think you did mention your order book has 63% on a competitive 
bidding. So, on a segment wise, I mean like you know how exactly it will fare where we have a 
nomination, where exactly it's a full order book is competitive bidding say between turnkey 
export and Consultancy?  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
You see and again as I mentioned, 63 percent is the current order book. The fresh orders are 
all about 70% plus on competitive bidding. As I mentioned to one of the previous callers, all 
the exports are on competitive. The consultancy also, is hugely on competitive basis. So, they 
average out around about 80% of these are competitive basis where we may be still getting 
some orders on nomination is in our O&M & leasing business where traditionally there have 
been some clients who continue old PSU's that we've been working, some but that's also 
opening up and there is now about a 50-60% competitive. So, on an average it is set fresh 
orders are all about 70-75% on a competitive basis.  
 
Vishal:  
Sure Sir, that's all from my side and thank you for all the answers. Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinamra Hirawat from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Vinamra Hirawat:  
So sir, you know, breaking our export orders high, it's been great news. I want to know, how 
exports orders flows will look 2-3 years down the line, are we still going to see you know close 
to `1000 crore order and flows like we have this year or without push on competitive orders, 
can it even go higher in a couple years our order inflows than it has been this year, which is the 
first year we've broken our export high it is.  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
Thank you. I'm glad you asked this question. A very favorite pet area of mine because it 
required huge lot of effort to do business re-engineering to be able to compete in the global 
market and get orders for the first time in five decades on a global tender basis and having 
broken that and now tasted blood, we are moving forward and trying to get orders, whether 
big or small, in every quarter. So, subsequent to that we got some orders `30-40 crore each 
from 2 orders from South Africa, and these were for in service diesel locomotives which had to 
be modified to their gauge and exported. There is a huge potential in that for a large number 
of in-service locomotives lying with Indian Railways and we are looking for markets to export 
them and with now being the hang of how to, you know, market intelligence for global 
tenders. I definitely see this picking up again because we have reengineered the way we are 
289202/2024/S&CC
290

 
 
tackling the export business and not only waiting for the line of credit opportunities which 
have hardly come in the last three to four years. There has been no line of credit export of 
rolling stock opportunities. So, I see this growing on a steady basis in the coming years.  
 
Vinamra Hirawat: 
Got it. And you said you expect margins to be around 20% in this segment, right?  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
I didn't mention any margin for export. I mentioned an overall margin that we are aiming at 
the current levels of EBITDA of around 20 odd percent and PAT around 15 odd percent, that's 
are aspirational targets and we hope that even though with the changed business scenario and 
the extreme levels of competition which within one year, the fresh orders we used to get 
about within a year itself, it has changed from about 50:50 to about 70% plus on competitive 
basis overall across my vertical. So, that's the level of margins that we are aiming that we 
should be able to aim to secure.  
 
Vinamra Hirawat:   
Got it. Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viraj from Jupiter Financial. Please go ahead.  
 
Viraj:  
With all this, what these agreements and export orders all coming in, what will the FY26 look 
like? Any guidance on that would be?  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
You see, this year is and will be the toughest year for us. As we have said at the beginning of 
the FY, it's a year of consolidation. We are trying to increase and improve the execution in Q3-
Q4 to come as close as possible on an FY basis to the previous FY. As you correctly said with 
the export stream contributing in FY26, I definitely see double digit healthy growth vis-a-vis the 
current FY in the next FY.  
 
Vishal:  
 
You mean in terms of revenue, right top line with double digit growth? 
 
Rahul Mithal:  
Yes, definitely. In terms of top line, because that's as you see the order book from export itself 
will contribute a substantial amount with literally a 0 contribution in this FY in terms of export. 
So that itself and other streams have been continuously growing. You know project 
consultancy has been growing, turnkey has been growing. So, in terms of FY26, we should see 
a substantial healthy growth vis-a-vis FY25.  
 
Moderator:  
 
The next question is from the line of Harshad Jitendra from Elara Capital. Please go ahead.  
 
Harshad Jitendra:  
Hi. Good morning and thanks for the opportunity. I know, Sir, we are having some difficult 
times at this point and I think you are doing a very good job sailing through this difficult time. 
Just a question from my side is the worst over as far as quality assurance is concerned as far as 
in terms of you know growth and if you can also give any number for the quarter in terms of 
what is the quality assurance number compared to YoY last year?  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
Yeah. Morning, Harshad. Thank you for understanding the tough fight, which our entire team 
was giving. And I think whether it is in quality assurance or export or in terms of all our streams 
of business, it is only upwards now which we have been aiming at the beginning of this FY. 
Sequentially, as you see, we've been growing about 11-12% and that definitely we will 
sequentially growth will be higher as you move on to Q3 and Q4. In terms of quality assurance, 
this was quite a substantial business, it's part of our consultancy revenue. So, it's not fair for 
me to break it down separately and be able to give you the figures, but our internal analysis 
shows that the worst in quality assurance is over in terms of the fact that the new regime of 
orders, as per the revised rates from Indian Railways has kicked in from latter part of last FY. 
So, the last two quarters, three quarters which revenue from IR we are getting, we are getting 
as per the new rates. Parallelly, all our efforts last year of diversifying into non-IR. Clients we 
have tipped the balance and as I said, two third plus now is non-IR clients in terms of our 
revenue as well as order book and these are the early last year where it was the reverse. So, 
our effort is that the levels of QA revenue which you are seeing which has now come, this will 
only increase now, we are getting, we've got a first revenue international QA from Sri Lanka, 
our revenue from PM Vishwakarma, revenue from GEM and a number of non-IR assignment 
you know across states whether it is Jal Jeevan, whether it is solar energy, you know whether it 
is various other infra from various municipal corporations which we are doing process and the 
289202/2024/S&CC
291

 
 
product inspection. This is only adding and it the QA revenue is also on an upward swing now 
starting from this quarter, itself.  
 
Harshad Jitendra: 
That's great to know, Sir. I have few more questions. I'll join in the question queue. Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Parimal Mithani from Credential investments. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Parimal Mithani:  
Sir, thanks for the opportunity. Is it fair to assume that what the work has to be done is over 
with in terms of quality assurances, export another line of business and the traction ahead is 
going to be more especially in exports?  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
Yes, for sure Parimal. And I'm not saying it just out of thin air, it is in terms of numbers that 
speak, the worse in export is in terms of the numbers that we have now about `1300 odd 
crore of order book which are the first of these was received in Q4, which is already now about 
7-8 months, sorry about 10 months old. So, these will and considering even the most 
conservative lead time of delivery from 18 months plus these will start generating, these 
orders will start generating revenue in the coming FY, and these the strike rate of getting 
export orders is not only one order which was in Q3, which was the 1st order after gap of 
about 3 for four years. The order we have been flowing in. So as far as export is concerned, as I 
said, definitely the numbers speak for itself, the worst is over. In terms of revenue realization, 
yes, they will start generating revenue only next FY in terms of QA as I explained to Harshad 
just now in terms of diversification of the order book, that effort has gone through in the last 
about three to four quarters and these new non-IR orders have started generating revenues 
and in Q3-Q4 onwards, the QA contribution is only grown and increasing. Yes, obviously not at 
the levels of margin which have been there traditionally for four to five decades but in terms 
of total volume, this is now only an upward trend in the coming quarters.  
 
Parimal Mithani:  
Just to follow up in terms of exports if we get the Zimbabwe order, it will be at 2000 crore by 
the end of the year, right. If you get that to that entire thing? 
 
Rahul Mithal:  
See the value of that was about 80 million odd USD. So, let's see in terms of when, as I said to 
one of the callers that we are pursuing, it is moving on the right track, but we will only add it to 
our order book when the clear funding letter comes from AFREXIM bank, which we seem to be 
making a headway, but it is moving hopefully in the next few quarters it should mature.  
 
Parimal Mithani:  
 
So, thank you and all the best, Sir. Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Vivek Rathi, an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
 
Vivek Rathi:  
Hello Sir. Thank you for taking my question. So, I just looking at the presentation here, I see the 
consultancy as you mentioned also over the conversation that it has gone down running, but I 
see more steep falling profit compared to revenue, I think revenue is somewhere down around 
7.4%, but profit seems to be down around 20 odd percent. Is this because as you said non-IR 
consultancy revenue is less as we got compared to the last few decades? Or is there any other 
reason?  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
Yes. No, very correct. You see QA is shown as consultancy in the presentation. So, the terms of 
contribution from Indian Railways as a client, both in terms of value as well as in terms of 
margin. As I said, it got divided between four players so that when our revenue came down to 
about 30% from what it was about a year back from IR, the rate came down to 20% of what 
were the earlier rate. So that's a double hit in terms of revenue as well as rates and the 
deployment for inspection across the country for the various orders remains more or less the 
same. So that's why a hit on the bottom line also from this stream of business. However, 
having said that, we have managed to generate a large number of non-IR clients and our first 
international order also on QA. So, to that extent that has been the hit in the consultancy both 
in the top line and the profitability if you see the overall consultancy figure.  
 
Vivek Rathi:  
Thank you, Sir. Just a follow up. So, I mean as you said, you're moving in the right direction. So, 
do you have any timeline or any expectation where the margin where we were to the previous 
figures or that is not really no currently, we can foresee?  
 
289202/2024/S&CC
292

 
 
Rahul Mithal:  
Not only in QA, but on overall because of the various factors which I’ve pointed out, like the 
huge increase in competitive bidding, both domestic, including our export competitive global 
tenders. The current levels of EBITDA of about 20 odd percent and PAT margins of about 15 
odd percent. That is the, you know, the realistic levels of margin which we see a visibility which 
is what we aim for.  
 
Vivek Rathi:  
 
OK, thank you. Thanks a lot.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinamra Hirawat from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Vinamra Hirawat:  
Sir, you spoke about, you know, AI based quality assurance, which can increase our 
consultancy revenues going forward. Is this a USP that we have or are our competitors also 
getting into this and if they aren't yet in AI based QA, is there anything stopping them in the 
future so like do we have a mode of any sort? Any color on this?  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
You see, Vinamra, AI is a technology which every entities using in various facets. There are a 
large number of our competitors in the QA business and I'm sure they will and are working on 
AI. We gave a lot of importance  to AI and as a first mover advantage started applying this for 
inspections of rail, which is one of the most safety related product. So, at our inspection site at 
SAIL Bhilai plant, we have introduced this and the experience that we gain, we already wanting 
to extend this to other products and keep safety processes and products. And I think this early 
moving will give us advantage, but I'm sure others will definitely opt for it. There is a 
competition in that. But you see AI based inspection coupled with our technical experience of 
four to five decades, whether it is rails or wheels or many such safety products, this definitely 
gives us an edge. And in terms of QA business as a whole in terms of our USP.  
 
Vinamra Hirawat:   
Got it. Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viraj from Jupiter Financial. Please go ahead.  
 
Viraj:  
Yes, sir. My questions about this MOU with Etihad rail. Any color on that in terms of like what 
is it for the IMEC corridor or any current that would be helpful?  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
Yes, Viraj, so Etihad Rail in the last few years is very aggressively expanding not only the rail 
network in UAE, but across the Middle East, whether it is Jordan, Qatar, Oman, etcetera. It's 
comparatively a young organization but in the last few years. It is expanding and executing a 
large number of, not only other said UAE but cross-border rail infra project. So, this was a very 
good important strategic breakthrough for us. We've entered into an MOU with them for five 
years for rail infra projects, not only in UAE but across the Middle East as well as they expand 
in other geographies also. So, I see a huge potential for leveraging this MOU in the coming 
months.  
 
Viraj: 
 
 
It is in the field of consultancy, not exports, right?  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
Yeah, it's an overarching MOU which covers all areas of our expertise, whether it is 
consultancy in rail infra network, whether it is export of rolling stock as their requirement 
increases because they are expanding. Their rail network is very young, it is for passenger, 
there is hardly any rail networks for freight, now they are started connecting their key ports for 
container movement in a big way. So, requirement of rolling stock for both UAE as well as 
other geographies is also an opportunity which is covered in this MOU.  
 
Viraj:  
 
 
OK. Thank you. And all the best.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Harshad Jitendra from Elara Capital. Please go ahead.  
 
Harshad Jitendra:  
Hi, thanks for the opportunity, Sir. Just to check, we had, you know tied up with BEML for the 
Bahrain Metro project where we were going to do the consultancy part. Any update on that 
Sir? Where are we in that particular stage?  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
No, I think there's some factual error in that we didn't tie up with the BEML for Bahrain Metro. 
We had done a consultancy for Bahrain Metro. We have an MOU with BEML for various metro 
289202/2024/S&CC
293

 
 
rolling stock projects. We are working closely with them exploring various opportunities across 
other geographies.  
 
Harshad Jitendra:  
OK and sorry to hop you on this margin question, but if you look at even last few quarters 
when your quality assurance business was falling, your domestic consultancy margin business 
was above 40%, but in this quarter, it went down below 35%. So, is there any projects on 
consultancy side on the domestic side which is also moving towards a lower margin? Is that a 
correct understanding or maybe this quarter is some off is there and from next quarter will 
again may rise to 40% plus?  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
Plus, no consultancy, all streams of revenue, whether it is consultancy, whether it is export and 
QA, whether it is turnkey, the fact of the matter is at every quarter the percentage of bids 
which we are getting on a competitive basis is increasing steadily, it is now inching up nearly 
up to 75 percent, 70% plus, and even the balance about 25% odd orders that we are getting 
on nomination from erstwhile client, there is a huge amount of revisit of the erstwhile 
agreements for lower rates, so that's why and as I said at the outset, we are maintaining a rate 
of one order a day. There's a huge inflow of orders in quarter two itself, and even the one 
month of quarter three, we have got orders of 650 crore already in one month in this quarter 
3 so for being able to keep on expanding the order book. Yes, the margins of even in 
consultancy of 40% plus on a competitive mode is definitely not possible to be maintained.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Vivek Rathi, an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
 
Vivek Rathi:  
Thank you, again. So, just follow up, Sir, on my last question, I mean you said there are 
competition regarding among 4 different entities in QA. So, who are the other ones, Sir? I 
mean, are now there are new competitors, right? Because previously it was on nomination 
basis. Now there are 4 others.  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
Yes. So, it was divided. It's what tendering process between three other players, totaling to 
four players. The other players, TUV, Intratech and Bureau Veritas.  
 
Vivek Rathi:  
 
Can you repeat, TUV?  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
There are four players now in the QA business for Indian Railways besides RITES which has got 
30% of the total pie, it is TUV, Bureau Veritas and Intratech.  
 
Vivek Rathi:  
 
OK, Sir, thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Harshad Jitendra from Elara Capital. Please go ahead.  
 
Harshit Jitendra:  
Hi, thanks for taking my question again. So just you have recently got an order from DMRC for 
`35 cores for retrofitting of this O&M business. Can you just elaborate on what is this order 
and what is our scope and any more future orders expected?  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
Yes. So, you see, we are expertise in design and you know of export of rolling stock. So, we 
have a very strong rolling stock vertical which has been customizing, designing rolling stock 
over the years for various clients and that's why we leveraged this expertise and experience as 
DMRC was looking for retro fitment of its first coaches, which were the earliest, about 20-year-
old coaches which came in early 2000. These are about 22 rakes, about 1176 odd coaches 
which require midlife refurbishment for upgradation to the latest and whether it is in terms of 
technology, latest in terms of the interiors and then all over so. So that is a very good potential 
for us and we have got this through a competitive mode and in partnership with the expertise 
entities who have certain areas of expertise in the total pie. So, our share in this act is about 
`36 odd cores and we see this as a good opportunity because DMRC being one of the oldest 
metro systems there are more of rolling stock will require this mid-life rehab in the coming 
years and definitely moving forward other metro systems across India.  
 
Harshit Jitendra:  
Understood. And secondly, on employee cost, we have seen a rise. Would that be correct to 
say that since you're getting more consultancy orders or, you know, one order per day. You 
are increasing your headcount and if you can also highlight which areas are these employees 
being added to within the four or five verticals that you have?  
 
289202/2024/S&CC
294

 
 
Rahul Mithal:  
Yes, I'm glad again you asked this question Harshit. You see that’s a very strong strategic call 
that we have taken that in spite of the tough pressures on top line and bottom line because 
we are expanding our order book very aggressively. There is a certain time where you know, 
you're holding on and you need to build up your strength to be able to execute the fresh 
order. So, if you compare within a year itself, we have inducted about 300 plus people and 
besides superannuation of about 100 odd people, our net addition and employee strength has 
been about net 200. So, these 200 strengths we have increased obviously increasing the 
employee cost. Even though there has been, as I said, challenges on the top line and the 
margins so these are all engineers, graduates, postgraduates with areas of specialization 
ranging from design, from architecture, from town planning, etc. And these are primarily very 
carefully identified based on the order visibility that we are we have in our order book.  
 
Harshad Jitendra:  
Understood Sir. Thanks for answering the question, Sir. Wishing you all the best. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management for their closing comments.  
 
Rahul Mithal:  
So, thank you all. And as I said at the outset, the focus on H2 is to step on the gas to increase 
the execution to the maximum to come as close as possible to the previous FY levels and then 
definitely on this platform see a sizable and appreciable growth in the coming FY. The trend of 
fresh order inflows is encouraging as I said in the quarter three itself within a month, we have 
got orders up to `600 crore plus and this is being possible by our increased partnerships, 
collaboration, diversification, both domestic and international. So, in the last few months we 
signed an MOU with Etihad Rail, domestically arrangements and MoU with NHAI, NBCC, 
NMDC, DMRC, SAIL, HUDCO, across the board. So with that we definitely see we are confident 
that we will continue to leverage our strength for expanding our order book on a steady basis. 
And currently the order book at `6580 crore has a visibility of about 2 and a half odd years. 
Our aim would be in the coming quarters and the next FY even with the increased execution to 
keep on expanding the order book and aiming to have an order book of at least a three-year 
visibility. So that's in a nutshell the way forward as we see it. Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you all for being part of the conference call. If you need any further information or 
clarification, please e-mail at investors@rites.com. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your 
conference for today. Thank you. 
  
 
-End- 
Disclaimer 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no 
responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. Statements in this transcript 
describing the Company's objectives, projections, estimates, expectations may be "forward-looking statements" within the 
meaning of applicable securities laws and regulations. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied. 
Important factors that could make a difference to the Company's operations include, among others, economic conditions 
affecting demand / supply and price conditions in the domestic and overseas markets in which the Company operates, 
changes in Government regulations, tax laws and other statutes and incidental factors. This communication is not an offer to 
sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities. 
 
 
289202/2024/S&CC
295
