                            
     
 
 
 
AX1/ISD/STEX/114/2024-25  
 
                                                Date: 19.10.2024 
 
 
 
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Ltd., 
P.J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai-400 001 
 
The Vice President 
Listing Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 532525                              NSE Scrip Code: MAHABANK                      
 
Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call with Institutional Investors / Analysts held 
on 15th October, 2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of conference call with Institutional 
Investors/ Analysts regarding Financial Results of Bank for the quarter and half year ended 
30.09.2024 held on Monday, 15th October, 2024. 
 
The transcript of conference call is uploaded on Bank’s website and same can be accessed 
through below link:  
https://www.bankofmaharashtra.in/financial_results  
  
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
 
(Nehal Rawat) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
प्रधान कार्यालय
 / Head Office: “Lokmangal”, 1501, Shivajinagar, Pune - 411005 
टेली /Tel.: 020 25511360 ईमेल / Email: investor_services@mahabank.co.in वेबसाइट/ Website: www.bankofmaharashtra.in 
NEHAL 
RAWAT
Digitally signed by 
NEHAL RAWAT 
Date: 2024.10.19 
16:41:16 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
Bank of Maharashtra 
Q2 & H1-FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
October 15, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NIDHU SAXENA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER 
– 
BANK 
OF 
MAHARASHTRA  
 
MR. ASHEESH PANDEY – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
BANK OF MAHARASHTRA  
MR. ROHIT RISHI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – BANK OF 
MAHARASHTRA 
 
MR. VIJAY SRIVASTAVA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– BANK OF MAHARASHTRA  

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY '25 Earnings Conference 
Call of Bank of Maharashtra. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
We have with us from the management, Shri Nidhu Saxena:, Managing Director and Chief 
Executive Officer; Shri Asheesh Pandey, Executive Director; Shri Rohit Rishi, Executive 
Director; and all General Managers of the bank. I now hand the conference over to Shri Nidhu 
Saxena. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Nidhu Saxena: 
Yes. Good afternoon. Thank you so much, and thank you to all the analysts to join this call. And 
I'm happy to share that we have done our half yearly results today, and the numbers are very 
encouraging. A lot of strategies were put in place in the beginning of this financial year in areas 
of concern like deposits, and those all are yielding good results to the bank. And I will very 
quickly take you through the major achievements. 
 
Our total business has seen a growth Y-o-Y of 17%, and total advances have grown by 19%. 
The deposits, were continuing as concern in the industry, in the system. In the last quarter, we 
had seen single-digit growth, but a lot of improvement has happened in Q2, and total deposits 
have grown by 15% Y-o-Y within which, CASA has also seen traction. CASA has grown Y-o-
Y by 12%. In terms of absolute number, we have added INR 15,000 crore of CASA in our book. 
The ratio stands at our level of guidance, which is to maintain it around 50%, and that's the 
CASA ratio with the bank. 
 
Coming to the RAM side, in the loan book all the 3 parameters, Retail, Agri, MSME have seen 
a high double-digit growth of 23% Y-o-Y in Retail. Agriculture, 34%, wherein large part of 
contribution has come from agricultural gold loans. MSME has also seen a Y-o-Y growth of 
25%. Our corporate book has grown at 9% Y-o-Y. As I said, gold has been a focused product 
for growth this financial year, which has seen a Y-o-Y growth of 60%. 
 
In terms of asset quality and stress SMA position, we are again very comfortable. GNPA has 
improved and has come down to 1.84% against 2.19% last year. NNPA is at 0.2%. Recovery 
has also been good in Q2 with cash recovery of INR 120 crore, upgradation around INR 100 
crore and write-off recovery of INR 255 crore, we have a total recovery of INR 475 crore. PCR 
is standing at a healthy level of 98.31%. The CD ratio, is being maintained at the desirable level 
of 78.72% against our guidance of maintaining it around 79%-80% levels. 
 
Net interest income has also seen a good growth of 15% Y-o-Y, with an addition of INR 375 
crore. NIM has also seen improvement and has grown 3.98% from 3.97% and 3.92% in the last 
2-3 quarters. There were concerns in the industry, whether banks would be able to maintain the 
NIM and that there may be a level of deduction in NIMs being reported by banks in Q-o-Q basis 
at least, but I'm happy to share that we are able to maintain a high NIM of 3.98%. 
 
Operating profit has also grown year-on-year 15% at INR 2,203 crore. Net profit has seen a 
remarkable improvement of 44% Y-o-Y growth, and we have added INR 406 crore more than 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
Page 3 of 16 
 
previous year at INR 1,326 crore. ROA year-on-year has improved by 36 basis points, and it 
stands at 1.74%. ROE at 26.01%. We are adequately capitalized with CET1 of 12% and CRAR 
of healthy 17.26%. 
 
Overall, we have seen that the guidance we have kept for this financial year on various growth 
and profitability parameters and other efficiency ratios, have been achieved in the half year. At 
many of the parameters, we have surpassed the guidance. Going forward, we are confident that 
this trend will continue and we will see improvement in the Q3 and Q4 of this financial year. 
Now over to you, Mr. Srivastava, our CFO, who will take you through the presentation  
Vijay Srivastava: 
We will start questions, since we have already uploaded the PPT and our results. 
Nidhu Saxena: 
Okay this is broadly from our side, and we'll be open to your questions on any of the issues that 
you would like to get additional information on. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our first question is from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Sir firstly, congratulations on a great set of results. I think whatever guidance we've given, we've 
actually surpassed most of them. Just wanted to ask, like, would you want to revise the guidance? 
I think, in terms of ROA as well as NIM, we've been outperforming what we said. How do we 
look at it going ahead? Like would we expect it to be more robust? Like could we go to a 2% 
ROA and a 4% NIM? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
Both these parameters are important and we have been performing consistently on the ROA and 
the NIM, which you mentioned, over the past couple of quarters. Although going forward, we 
are also mindful that if you talk of NIM, there is a likely rate cut that is being discussed. We 
really don't know when it will happen. But if that has to happen, I have a loan book of 37%, 
which is linked to repo. And with rate cut, that loan book will get immediately repriced. 
 
While I have been maintaining a NIM of 3.92% to 3.98% level, and we have grown NIM Y-o-
Y almost 9 bps, but we are keeping a conservative guidance for our sales of 3.75% to 3.85% 
because of this factor that when the rate cut is to happen, for some time when the repricing or 
the deposit repricing will happen only with a lag. For that reason, I'm keeping a conservative 
NIM. My ROA stands at 1.74%, There is a guidance of 1.6% to 1.65% that we would be 
maintaining for this financial year. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Fair enough, sir. That makes sense. I also just wanted to know in terms of our gold loan, we said 
that Agri loan has also been boosted by gold loan and in general, gold loans have grown a lot. 
Could you just describe what's happening on ground? Is it like the price of gold has risen that is 
why that's helping us or just somewhat how that's been? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
If you talk of these gold loans, there is a huge market out there, and it is only banks which have 
grown this portfolio, commercial banks over the last 2-4 years. In fact, after the COVID years, 
gold loan has seen a lot of traction in all the banks. Still, I feel there is a huge scope and we have 
also reoriented ourselves because gold loan there are 2 basic requirements. One is the 
safekeeping of the pledged gold ornaments, and the other is the appraisal infrastructure that is 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
Page 4 of 16 
 
required to appraise the gold jewellery when you are coming for a request from the client for 
extending the gold loan. So with these 2 infrastructure, once they are provided, there is still a 
huge scope for all the banks to grow. It is a very beneficial product, and is able to easily be on 
boarded by branches. 
 
It is quite a stable advance. It is also giving us that good pricing, and plus the risk weight is 0. 
With all these incentives around this product, we have also grown this portfolio and going 
forward, we remain bullish on gold. The pricing, which has gone up is only creating a lot of 
comforts around this scheme since over and above the RBI prescribed LTV, we are only getting 
more traction there. In terms of gold also, we are mostly able to take it in the Agri gold loan as 
per the RBI permissible scheme. My portfolio has already touched INR 13,000 crore. By end of 
the year, we plan to take it to minimum INR 15,000 crore, which I see is quite achievable. We 
have also done some co-lending partnerships with leading gold loan NBFCs. We are also 
building a sizable co-lending loan book in this segment of gold loans. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Great. Sir, that's good to know. Sir, just like last question on my part, sir. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Jhaveri, may I request you to return to the question queue for a follow up question? The next 
question is from the line of Pinaki Banerjee from AUM Capital Private Limited. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. Sir, actually then coming to the Page 7 of your 
investor presentation, the agricultural sector has shown the maximum growth of 34%. And sir, 
if I recall, in the last con-call, you had mentioned that you are in the process of doing away with 
farm credit and moving more towards this investment credit, like cold storages and food 
processing. So sir, can you give me an update on this, please? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
Yes, Pinaki, actually, if I give you the YTD growth number and if you see my agriculture gold 
loans in the investment credit and these gold loans, they have grown YTD at 29%. Whereas the 
others, which is the working capital KCC, has seen a growth of 6%. We have also experienced 
certain concerns in the area of the KCC loans, we have also tried to see that we are not growing 
the Agri book in that segment where concerns are lying. 
 
We have made a lot of changes in our underwriting with regards to who is actually sanctioning, 
since the sanctioning in  KCC is not allowed now in branches, and there is a centralized cell 
housed in the respective zonal office, where the underwriting for Agri loans takes place. We are 
comfortable growing this portfolio. The large contribution, is from gold loans. Agriculture 
portfolio has grown to INR 8,000 crore, out of which INR 5,000 crore have come from gold loan 
alone. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Okay, sir. The, next question is like your corporate loan portfolio for the last 5 quarters, we've 
seen that as a percentage your gross advantages have remained static at 38% to 39%. And year-
on-year growth is 9%. So sir, have you taken any strategic decision to lower your exposure to 
the corporate sector? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
So Pinaki, I would like to say that the bank will not be missing any emerging opportunities which 
are available in the market. Today, we have kept the guidance of RAM versus Corporate at 60-
40, and plus/minus 2%. Currently, we are looking at the sector's proposals, which are coming 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
Page 5 of 16 
 
from the upcoming sectors, the infra, the renewable energy and the like. There is absolutely no 
such thought process to not grow the corporate book. Wherever we see opportunities emerging, 
like the PLI sector where the government emphasis is increasing, we would definitely want to 
be present there. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Okay sir. Just one last question. Regarding your term deposits, which have grown by about 19% 
at INR  1,40,000 crore, so actually, can you give a breakup of what is the amount of new deposit 
and what is the renewal deposit percentage? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
We just noted this Pinaki, and we will share the number with you. We can go to the next question. 
We will work on this data and let you know. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Gupta from SBI Pension Funds. 
Deepak Gupta: 
Sir, my question is on asset quality, if you could give us some perspective on your SMA book 
which has increased, especially SMA-2 book, which has grown by almost about 100% for the 
quarter on a quarter-on-quarter basis? And your perspective on credit cost and slippages, which 
remains at similar levels as per last quarter. 
Nidhu Saxena: 
I think the stress in the loan book is well managed. If you see year-on-year, it was 7.54%, and 
now we are at 5.8%. I'm talking about the total. Not SMA-2, but the SMA and the total position 
for the bank within which 5.8%, what I've said, it is a few of the state entity accounts, 4-5 
accounts, which has actually moved to the SMA category, and INR 1,542 crore are in these 5 
accounts. So while I'm talking to you, one account, the major one, INR 717 crore from that state 
entity has already moved to the standard category. If I'm discounting, removing all this, my stress 
in the overall loan book is 5.09% only. As regards the SMA-2, I think Sankpal, would you like 
to add? 
Dinkar Sankpal: 
Yes. In SMA-2, there are only 2 accounts and nothing major. All the accounts are below INR 
60 crore. In this space, one account is around INR 58 crore and one is INR 32 crore. There is no 
major account there in the SMA-2 book. 
Deepak Gupta: 
And sir, any thoughts on your slippages and credit cost, which are at about 1.1%  
Vijay Srivastava: 
If you see the credit cost, we are maintaining a net NPA of 0.20%. So almost everything we have 
to provide in respect of the credit costs and slippages. If you talk about IRAC, credit cost and 
IRAC per month then it would be below 0.40%. Regarding slippage ratio, you can see that we 
are able to maintain slippage in quantum term roughly around INR 600 crore which will continue 
in future also. The slippage will be within the range of INR 500 crore to INR 600 crore. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Samraat Jadhav from Prosperity Wealth Adviser. 
Samraat Jadhav: 
Firstly, congratulations on a good set of numbers. I have 2 questions. One is on the co-lending 
book, which you have. So what was it for the last quarter and how much is it for this quarter? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
See, from among the various segments, we have looked at growing the co-lending book. This 
co-lending has gone up to almost INR 2,000 crore we are reaching. For this, we have identified 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
Page 6 of 16 
 
NBFCs rated AA and above, and we have seen how the processes and how the audit system, 
how the compliance levels are getting maintained. Wherever we have seen our comfort, we have 
joined hands with them. 
 
Our experience is that we are able to negotiate a good NIM. The entire product is technology 
driven in our bank. For example, for one of the NBFC in the gold loan segment, I'm able to 
underwrite and take the share in my books the next day all the loans that are being done by the 
NBFC today from 10 a.m. till 5 p.m. in their branches. The entire flow of accounts, the 
disbursements, the collection, the reconciliation is entirely digitized, and we have developed this 
in-house, along with the IT of the concerned NBFC. 
 
That's how we are seeing that not only are we comfortable to grow this portfolio, but we are also 
able to manage this well and see that the issues around reconciliation are well taken care of. I 
have been able to find a very good pricing which we have been able to negotiate in terms of 
service. Through this technology, we are able to give good services, add value in the partnership 
and I'm able to, in return, get good pricing. My NIM typically in some arrangements is 5% plus. 
These are all, frankly, classified business that I'm able to do. 
 
If it is a MSME, it is impacting my micro segment. There, again, I'm able to meet my PSL targets 
and we have the opportunity to, do a PSLC sale and earn additional 1.5% to 2% wherever we 
surpass, going forward. That's the co-lending we are looking at, and we are diversifying. Today, 
we have around 6 to 7 partnerships and another 3 to 4 partnerships are under discussion at various 
stages which we will be on boarding very soon. 
Samraat Jadhav: 
Okay. So do you have any number that how much this co-lending book would be there at the 
year-end? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
Currently, we have not kept any number as such, but, for the last 4 to 5 months, just in 
discussions, we had experienced this with 1 or 2 good-rated NBFCs. We have watched how the 
portfolio is moving, how the recon, disbursements, collections, everything is working now 
having drawn a lot of satisfaction. We are actually scaling up now. There have been 6 tie-ups 
already and another 3 are under discussions. Hence we have not put any number as such but, we 
want to grow this co-lending book in a major way this financial year. We will see that this entire 
portfolio is a high-yielding portfolio for us, and it is well managed through the technology part 
of it. 
Samraat Jadhav: 
Great. Okay. My second question is on the number of branches. So we added around 9 branches 
last quarter, and majorly was into metro, urban and I think 2 branches in semi urban, but we had 
closed some branches in rural also, I think 2 branches in rural. So like you said majorly the 
income is from the gold loan side book, which is again from the rural. So do we have any strategy 
like closing the nonperforming branches or increasing it in a rural or majorly it is from metro or 
urban side? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
If you see, we have a robust branch expansion plan. We have, in fact, gone to our Board with a 
5-year roadmap, 1,000 branches is what we have envisaged. The Board has approved this plan 
of ours, which is 1,000 branches in the next 5 years. Around 600 branches were opened in the 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
Page 7 of 16 
 
last 3 years. Before going into this new branch opening in a major way, we are also taking stock 
of how these 600 branches that were opened are performing and whether there is any learning 
for us going forward. So, we are trying to identify the centre basis the growth as to where the 
growth potential lies, we would like to be present there, and present there in a meaningful 
manner. 
 
Maybe one centre if we decide, we feel that it should not be a representation of one, it could be 
between 4 – 5. So we have been following some set of branch opening strategy. We are just in 
the process of relooking that. But ideally, for the next 12 months, we have planned for 200 to 
220 branches to be opened. This first quarter has been more to take stock, take review of what 
the performance or that desired outcome of the branches opened so far have been to us, and 
going forward, if required, we will modify our way of identifying the branches. Otherwise, this 
is the plan we have in the next 12 months which is to open around 200 to 220 branches. 
Samraat Jadhav: 
Great. Any plan for international branches, expansion of international branches? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
Currently, we are mindful of the fact that there is a GIFT City opportunity with us. We have 
already gone to the Board,–and the Board has approved our proposal post which we have 
submitted our request to the regulator, and we will be in discussions with the regulator and 
pursuing our case with them to give us the GIFT City license as early as possible. I think with 
that, there will be a lot of opportunities opening for doing some ECBs or participating in some 
global syndications, which are there in our thought process. I think with that GIFT City formal 
application already lodged with the regulators, as soon as this approval is granted for opening 
the outlet, we would be ready with our plan in terms of manpower, and going forward, the 
strategy to grow business through GIFT City. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Jai Mundhra from ICICI Securities. 
Jai Mundhra: 
A couple of questions. First is, sir, in your retail loans, you have around INR 17,700 crore as 
others. If you can share a few ranges, I mean, which all products are there? And do you have 
any unsecured personal loan book on this? 
Suryakant Sawant: 
Yes, as far as these others retails, it includes the loan against properties, top-up loans, our 
personal loans and Aadhar loans which we are granting to our customers. In addition to that, are 
the gold loans which are classified under retail gold loans. All these constitute nearly INR 17,000 
crore. 
Jai Mundhra: 
And how much is the personal loan, sir, unsecured personal loan out of this? 
Suryakant Sawant: 
Gold loan is around INR 3,500 crore. Personal loan is around INR 2,500 crore. And loan against 
properties are around INR 2,000 crore. So almost in all the segments, it is more than INR 2,000 
crore. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right. And sir, if you can highlight any asset quality trends in unsecured personal loan book of 
INR 2,500 crore, how has been the slippages or GNPA? Is there any change in the last 1- 2 
quarters? 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Nidhu Saxena: 
So if you look at my unsecured personal loans book, it is entirely to ETB customers, especially 
wherever we have salary tie-ups. So typically, government department or a corporate whose 
entire employees are banking and drawing salaries through me, I have done this personal loans 
and with the salary disbursement, we are able to recover our monthly EMIs and then the 
remaining portion is made available to the customer to draw from this savings account. Likewise, 
in the unsecured with the pensioners also, we have some portfolio built. 
 
Wherever we have pension is where we have actually done this unsecured lending. So, to say 
that this personal loan segment put together this pension and other things, it is INR 3,350 crore, 
and only INR 15 crore is NPA out of that. So it's a high-yielding product for me, and it is very 
much in focus. The concern, I think where you are coming from, Reserve Bank regulator also 
highlighted this. So I am completely comfortable with this part, and we are having this unsecured 
loans only where the salary tie-ups or pension payments are through my branches. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Understood, sir. So, you have the GNPA at only INR 15 crore, but the slippage is, let us say, out 
of this INR  3,300 crore portfolio. Slippages would also be quarterly slippages. I mean, in Q1 or 
Q2. Would it be safe to say that the slippages would be around INR 30 crore, INR 40 crore on a 
quarterly basis? Or would it be even lower than that? 
Vijay Srivastava: 
It would be on the lower side because, as sir told, it is backed by the salaries. We take the 
instalment from the first salary being credited in account. So we have seen the individual part in 
such portfolio, and we have not given unsecured loans to the non-salaried class. So in our case, 
it is almost secured portfolio. 
Nidhu Saxena: 
See, INR 15 crore also, out of that INR 3,300 crore book, is maybe due to the demise of some 
employee, and there's a processes of getting the money from the terminal benefits, and terminal 
benefits are in the process of settlement. So that kind of tie-up arrangements are existing with 
the organizations who are disbursing salary through our branches and only against that salary 
disbursement, this kind of loan product is built for them. And we have mostly grown this 
portfolio in the government PSUs and central and state PSUs. There's hardly any personal loan 
segment in the non-salaried segment. In fact, there is no product for the non-salaried person to 
avail an unsecured loan from the bank. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right, understood. 
Rohit Rishi: 
It is hardly 0.05%, gross NPA. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohan Mandora from Equirus Securities. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sir, I had a question on the provision that we have taken in the P&L. So we have almost INR 
585 crore, INR 590 crore of NPA provision. And if I look at the net slippages adjusted for 
recovery and upgrade, that comes to around INR 400 crore, and the PCR has not improved. So 
just wanted to understand the consumption of this provision that have happened. 
Vijay Srivastava: 
As you know that whatever slippages are happening, we are almost taking 100% provision.  
Rohan Mandora: 
The net was around INR 400 crore. So at 90% provision it would be? 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Vijay Srivastava: 
I'm coming to that. There are aging provisioning as well that you have to take care in the sort of 
some assets. Overall, if you see we have made the provisions accordingly. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Right. But sir, absolute slippage was around INR 600-odd crore. If you adjust for the recoveries 
and upgrades, INR 220 crore, so you come to around INR 400-odd crore of net slippage this 
quarter, right? On that, if we were to build in 90% PCR that we are maintaining or 98%, 
including technical write-off, then that would be around a similar number, INR 400 crore. So 
we are still left with around INR 200 crore. So just trying to understand where is that getting 
added, because the technical just about technical write off the PCR has not improved? 
Vijay Srivastava: 
We will provide you the details in this regard. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sure. That's it, sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashok Ajmera from Ajcon Global Services Limited. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Sir, compliments to you and to the entire team of Bank of Maharashtra. Not only for the good 
set of numbers, but also recently celebrating your 90th Foundation Day, where the Chief Guest 
was the Finance Minister, Nirmala Sitharaman-ji. She spoke very nice words about the bank. 
The second compliment is for you recently successfully raising INR 3,500 crore of equity, which 
is, I think, the fourth largest, I mean, the largest in the fourth QIPs, which you have done in last 
5-6 years. So my compliments to you sir. 
 
Having said that, sir, most of the questions have already been answered in this long discussion 
by various colleagues. I have little concern or maybe I need your feedback on the overall 
business growth, because if you see at a credit growth also if you don't annualize it, just look at 
the current financial year 6 months, our advances have gone up by only 6.80% and our deposits 
have gone up by only 2%, and 6 months have passed. 
 
Even though you are comfortable on capital adequacy and you raised the capital also, but 
ultimately, the bank needs to grow its business. And as for the past glory of the bank, where you 
used to be 25-plus, 20-plus percentage, what is the strategy now going forward? What do you 
think your target's going to be for the credit and deposit, sir, for the bank? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
So Ajmera-ji, first of all, thank you for acknowledging whatever you just mentioned about. And 
if you look at my total business, our guidance for this year is to grow the business at 16%. The 
advances would grow at 18% to 20%, and deposits will be growing at 12% to 15%. The first 
quarter was not very encouraging, and that ought to be, but I think a lot of things have started to 
look up when we entered Q2. Today, none of my growth performance is lower than the guidance 
we have kept for ourselves. So I think we are on the right path of growth. And going forward, 
the Q3 and Q4 are only going to be better quarters in terms of banking business. 
 
You all know about that. So the overall guidance that we have kept for the full financial year, I 
see absolutely no concern, no challenge in achieving or even surpassing those. We also just 
discussed about the aggressive branch opening strategy. Since these 600-odd branches that have 
been opened in last 3 years are also helping in a lot of fresh business generation in the bank. 
Going forward, the 12-month plan of 200 to 220 branches, I'm sure that the pace of growth of 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
Page 10 of 16 
 
business in the bank will only rise with this new branch expansion, with bank being present in 
more and more geographies. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Sir, I mean, with this kind of maintaining of targets for the credit also and deposit also. For 
credit, if you look at it in order to meet the target of, whatever, 18%, 20% or 17%, 18%, you 
need to disburse the credit of almost about, I think, INR 25,000 crore just in the coming in 5, 6 
months, which is left in this financial year. So what is our pipeline of the sanctioned amount as 
well as the advanced stage of sanctioning so that we can be sure of this INR 25,000 crore, INR 
26,000 crore credit dispersion in the remaining 5-6 months? 
Rohit Rishi: 
Ajmera-ji as far as the pensions are concerned, so far in the first half year itself, we have made 
sanctions of around INR 39,000 crore, of which around INR 30,000 crore pertains to corporate 
credit segment. So disbursal in such projects is based on the various milestones. So they will get 
disbursed over a period of time. There are certain takeover cases also. We have that visibility to 
achieve that growth of around 18%, plus minus 2%, in advances going forward. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Yes, sir. Point well taken. My last point is, on the digitization, on the IT front. Where do we 
stand, after having spent a good amount on IT? I think we are doing it aggressively for the last 
1.5-2 years. What is the status today? At what stage we are in our IT total digitization 
implementation end-to-end products, whether on retail or SME credit? 
Asheesh Pandey: 
Yes. Thank you, Ajmera-ji, actually, you have seen last almost 3 years we have continued with 
around INR 2,700 crore budget, in which the utilization was around INR 1,900 crore since major 
of the things required the overhaul. So in total, if I'm not wrong, around 138 RFPs are floated in 
last 3 years period. Now it is across the board, like in the retail side, in the corporate side, in the 
operations side, in the customer service side, in the efficiency enhancement side and even on the 
compliance regulation side. 
 
So, in all the areas, we have done, actually, right now, still this year, we are having a budget of 
around INR 1,000 crore. But the pace of that RFPs will not continue to that extent because in all 
the areas we have floated the RFPs and all the projects are going on, most of them are completed, 
and it will take 6 months to 9 months' time to get the result. So you may remember that we 
created a digital business zone, which is headed by a general manager. 
 
Now that zone is nearing INR 5,000 crore approximately as of today. So, it is between INR 
4,500 crore to INR 4,700 crore. So here, no employee is actually involved in the business, and 
through only digital they have an entire setup like a physical zone. So they have their marketing 
team, they have done strategic digital marketing course from IIM Rohtak and Bangalore. And 
they have a risk management team. 
 
So they have an entire team. Now coming to the point, there are certain very big projects which 
the bank is running right now. The one is the CRM module, which the bank is running. Second 
is the Life Style Banking which the bank is running. Now somewhere it is 30%, 40%, 50%, all 
those are completed. The next is that entire hardware and software overhaul of the bank. So with 
this, I think by next 6 months' time, the entire hardware, all the servers, will be a refreshed one 
in the bank. 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
Page 11 of 16 
 
 
Now with that, we are actually, to that extent, confident that next 2 to 3 years, it will be not more 
so on the capital side, but there will be a recurring expenditure on the IT. So, with this INR 1,000 
crore which we have taken approval, and last Board also our MD sir told. So that is going on. 
Coming to the RPA side, earlier we used to tell around 35-36. Today, I think we, we have 
implemented around 60. And from the Board, we have taken approval of 150. So you can think 
of that 90 still it is there. 
 
Now coming to STP's journey, we have already launched around 12 to 15. Around 5 are there, 
which are in the CUG state because see, the technology pertaining to the customer side should 
not be straight away put to production. So what we have done in our bank, you have seen earlier 
also is the risk mitigation, that whenever journeys are moved to production, we first move to 
some 2 or 3 branches. Then we move to 1 or 2 zones. And then we take stock of the situation for 
a month or so and then we move to pan India base. 
 
So right now, I think 3-4 journeys are there, which are under CUG state for last 15-20 days. So 
you will be seeing all these things which are going to be rolled out in the present quarter. And 
then RPA also is around 10 to 15-20, which the team has planned and they are working upon 
that. And the hardware, where refreshment is taking place, the entire DC, infra and our servers, 
so all those are getting refreshed. 
 
I think that will be completed by February '25. So this is where we stand right now. With regards 
to journeys, I think, next 5 to 6 journeys will be launched in this quarter. And similarly, 2-3 
journeys will be launched in the next quarter.  We don't keep anything for March, because it is 
a quarter end. It is also very important that we build a very good audit software, which is having 
almost 18 modules, which is going to be rolled out, I think, Phase 1 in this quarter and Phase 2 
by the February '25. So this is the status as on date on the entire IT infra in the bank. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Sir, thanks, for such an elaborate information on the IT front. Definitely, I have been watching 
you at that centre also, I think, which is created here in Mumbai. That IT -- you call it, what? 
Asheesh Pandey: 
Digital business zone. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Very impressive. 
Asheesh Pandey: 
I think like what you asked about the business growth, they will also be a good contributor going 
along when more and more journeys are launched, so they will be a good contributor in this total 
growth. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Yes, I'm sure that would definitely yield the results there. Only because we compare only 
quarter-to-quarter and especially in this year, even up to September quarter, our credit and 
deposit figures. It's there in the entire industry, it's not just only your bank. But I keep Bank of 
Maharashtra separate in a very, very high esteem, and I'm sure that you will definitely meet the 
targets whatever has been given here. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhumika Jain from Desvelado Advisory. Please go ahead.  

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Bhumika Jain: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My first question was the cash flow from operating 
activities shows a relative movement around the INR 14,000 crore in this first quarter, sorry, in 
the first half of this year compared to the positive INR 14,000 crore in the first half of FY'24, 
which was basically driven by the advances in provision. So my question is how does 
management plan to manage the liquidity in the coming quarter, especially considering the 
ongoing bond issuances and rising interest rate environment? 
Vijay Srivastava: 
You are talking about liquidity management. LCR? 
Bhumika Jain: 
Yes, sir, liquidity. 
Nidhu Saxena: 
Bhumika, if we talk about the LCR is liquidity what you were looking? 
Bhumika Jain: 
So my question is on the liquidity part, yes, sir. 
Vijay Srivastava: 
Yes, so in respect of the liquidity, that we are quite comfortable. If you see that we are having 
the sizable investment portfolio and most of them are related to SLR securities. Also recently 
we have raised INR 3,500 crore equity capital as well as the infrastructure bond at INR 811 
crore. We have also raised Tier 2 bond of INR 1,000 crore. Apart from that, there is a deposit 
growth to fund the advances. So from the liquidity plan to fund the growth, there would not be 
any problem. 
Asheesh Pandey: 
I think what she is asking that from our statement. Bhumika, if I'm correct, please correct me. 
Bhumika Jain: 
Yes, sir. 
Asheesh Pandey: 
CRR, we are having, SLR we are having, so around I think INR 20,000 crore, INR 25,000 crore, 
total INR 40,000 crore is existing liquidity. So I think your question is on that? 
Bhumika Jain: 
Sir, my question refers to is our operating expenses more than that the return that we are getting. 
Asheesh Pandey: 
Actually, it will convert into 2 things, madam. So there is no excess, LCR, we are carrying 
second. Neither are we having a surplus which we are deploying as a repo. Or maybe we are 
borrowing, number two. Number three, is that if you take because it will straight away converge 
into CD ratio. So when CD ratio is around 78% level so that also shows that it is very well 
managed, not the aggressive side and not the lower side. 
Bhumika Jain: 
Okay, sir. Also, sir, there is one more question that bank has comparatively smaller national 
market share, and that is 1.2% as compared to other state banks, since it is mainly concentrated 
mostly in the western India. So do you think that there is less pricing power as compared with 
other banks because it can apparently make bank to increase its risk appetite to protect its 
margins and profits? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
So if you have mentioned about the market share that we are commanding, is that what you 
wanted to know about? And in terms of growth, how we want to go forward, is that your 
question? 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Bhumika Jain: 
No, sir, I want to know the risk appetite for the company, because it has a lower market share in 
the market as compared to the other state banks because it is mostly concentrated in 
Maharashtra?  
Nidhu Saxena: 
Okay. Got it. So I will try to answer that. First of all, there is some misconception around that. 
We are not predominantly in Maharashtra. I think more than 50% of our presence is outside 
Maharashtra. If you ask me last 3 years, the new branch opening has been outside Maharashtra. 
And going forward, we have planned, 1,000 branches. So I think the entire expansion is outside 
Maharashtra. Not because Maharashtra is not important, Maharashtra is the state which 
contributes almost 27% to the nation's GDP. But I'm more than adequately represented here. If 
at all, there is a new upcoming centre, I will definitely want to open my outlet within Maharashtra 
also. 
 
But currently, as the situation is we have our adequate presence within this state, and we are 
trying to identify and explore in areas where more emphasis is coming from the central 
government in terms of outlets to those states going forward, or new growth centers that are 
coming up or potential centres where we are not present currently. So broadly around these 2, 3 
areas, we are deciding to expand our reach. 
 
This geographical expansion, is currently being envisaged outside Maharashtra. We are not 
averse to looking at growth opportunities in any sector, whether it is a RAM, which currently is 
seeing a robust growth in the industry. Whenever we see an uptick, in the corporate cycle, we 
will definitely want to participate in any of those upcoming opportunities. 
Vijay Srivastava: 
Regarding your question, cash flow, On March 31, there was a cash surplus in the cash in the 
form of the RBI balances. And that we have given to operating assets, so mainly to advances to 
increase our interest income. So that's why there was a decrease in the overall cash surplus as 
compared to 31st March. 
Moderator: 
The next follow-up question is from the line of Jai Mundhra from ICICI Securities. 
Jai Mundhra: 
In your opening remarks, sir, I think you mentioned that you have managed to upgrade or resolve 
INR 700 crore stress. What was that, sir, if you can elaborate? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
Okay. So see, there are exposures to some state entities. And one of the accounts may move 
from standard to SMA-0, and that is why the SMA was 5.8%. But if I exclude those 1 or 2 
accounts, which are state entities and for some technical reasons, moved to standard to SMA-0, 
that was the number I just mentioned. That INR 717 crore, I may not like to name the account, 
but it has moved to the standard category. So otherwise my overall stress in the loan book stands 
at 5.09%. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Yes. So sir, 5.09% is excluding the INR 700 crore exposure? Or this is including INR 700 crore? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
No. This is excluding. Today when we are talking, this account has already moved back to the 
standard category. It is only that as of 30th September, this account appeared in the SMA-0 
category. 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Rohit Rishi: 
And this is the entire SMA book, SMA-0, -1 and -2 but if you look at SMA above INR 5 crore, 
SMA-1 and -2 above INR 5 crore, then that figure is 0.19%. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Understood. So this was because this must have been large corporate exposure only, right? I 
mean that is fair to assume, but which has now become SMA-0 or standard only. It has become 
perfectly standard? 
Dinkar Sankpal: 
It is standard only, but it is out of SMA 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right. And sir, there were media reports, of course, it looks like we don't have exposure to 
MTNL and RINL. But there have been media reports suggesting that these 2 accounts may be 
downgraded or would have been downgraded, but we don't have any exposure to those 2, right? 
Is it fair to conclude that? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
You're right. We have no exposure to the 2 accounts. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right. And sir, on recovery pipeline, right, sir, I mean, this quarter, your recovery remains more 
or less similar. Recovery from TWO is episodic. But how do you see recovery pipeline? I mean 
are there any large cases where you have an exposure and which are seeing higher chances of 
recovery over the next 6 months? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
So typically, we are doing fairly well in the recovery. In fact, in the last quarter, we did a mega-
auction drive, E-auction drive wherein we could resolve almost 1,000 accounts and these are the 
smaller category accounts. Around INR 300 crore were recovered in a drive, which was for 45 
days. So there is a complete focus on recovery. I can tell you that around INR 4,000 crore is my 
gross NPA book. And we have also with us INR 21,000 crore of write-off book, within which 
the NCLT is almost INR 8,800 crore. 
 
Out of INR 8,800 crore, INR 5,100 crore is already where the resolution has come, whether 
liquidation order has come to me or the RA has been declared under NCLT as a successful 
bidder. So this INR 5,000 crore of NCLT which have resolved, I sense that whatever be the rate 
of recovery, maybe if it is 30%, 35% is what we typically see as a recovery. So, this INR 1,500 
crore from the NCLT book itself is somewhat recoverable within this financial year itself. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sneha Ganatra from Star Union. 
Sneha Ganatra: 
On the corporate side, are we seeing any capex driven loan book growth which we are expecting? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
Okay. So if you are asking about the private capex cycle, that issue, which has been discussed 
quite often, and only estimated to be happening. Yet I think that private capex cycle in real term 
is not yet visible. But we are seeing some green shoots are there. In some sectors, things are only 
moving up. Traction is visible. 
 
Even in our limits, the sanction limits, we are seeing that utilizations have gone up and which 
probably are indicators that, going forward, there will be some project funding requirements 
emerging when the private sector is able to look at new demand, and then they would like to go 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
Page 15 of 16 
 
for expansion. I think, in my view, another 1 or 2 quarters, we'll have to actually wait and see 
that complete traction coming from the private capex. 
Vijay Srivastava: 
Large capex is not happening. But if you see, there is a good growth in MSME advances. What 
is happening is that the large corporate are not increasing the capex. Capex is being increased 
through MSME customers. A lot of outsourcing activities are happening in the large corporate. 
And we are taking benefit that's why you can see that our MSME growth is above 20%. 
Sneha Ganatra: 
Second question is on the treasury income. Just wanted to know your thoughts going ahead, we 
are seeing that interest rate cut cycle would be panning out for the upcoming quarters. So how 
do you envisage the treasury income to be panning out for our bank? 
Vijay Srivastava: 
If the interest are softening further, we are still at appreciation. And if the interest rate soften 
further, then we'll be able to encash that opportunity. Having said that, we would have to make 
trade-off between trading income as well as yield. So we will continue to protect yield. We will 
also eye the trading profit at the time of softening of yield. 
Sneha Ganatra: 
Okay. You mentioned that you're planning to expand to an additional 1,000 branches over the 
next few years. So any additional opex requirement would be there? And how do you see your 
overall cost-to-income ratio to be panning out? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
If you see my guidance for cost to income is to be maintaining it below 40%. Currently, we have 
a cost to income of 38.8%. So yes, we do realize that with new branch openings, there will be 
some operational costs, which will go up. But our sense is when we are going to be operating in 
the growth centre, very soon we can see that, the particular branch is actually contributing to the 
top line and bottom line of the bank also. 
 
Any cost increase and, correspondingly, if we are able to generate more revenues and as a 
resultant, more income for the bank is something desirable. We don't want to limit ourselves in 
increasing that extra cost. But currently it is at 38.8%, and that's why my guidance is to maintain 
it below 40%. 
Sneha Ganatra: 
Okay. And sir, last question regarding you have already mentioned on the asset quality which is 
running at the similar level, any early signs or anything we would be watchful on the asset quality 
area of the sector or the segment? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
As we just shared currently, our stress in the loan book is well managed. We have proper systems 
in place to closely monitor the various portfolios. I don't see any issue in corporate book or other 
loan books, they are behaving fine. There is no incipient or stress that we are able to look at. I 
think, overall, there is no immediate sign of concern. We have also been looking at our 
underwriting benchmark, underwriting standards. 
 
For some time, we have strengthened our standards. And we are seeing that we are on boarding 
the quality assets, and the loan book that is getting created is also of higher quality. So with this 
high growth rate, I'm also able to maintain that kind of strict underwriting benchmarks, that we 
don't underwrite a loan below certain threshold in terms of the quality of the asset. 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
Page 16 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Due time constraint, we won't be able to take any further questions. So ladies and gentlemen, I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Nidhu Saxena: 
So thank you so much. You have been supporting us. You have seen that the banks performance, 
has been consistent for last 15 to 16 quarters. We keep tracking our performance vis-à-vis the 
other players within the PSB space and also in the industry, and we find that we do lead in many 
of the parameters. 
 
Going forward, while we will be looking at growing our top line, but we'll always remain 
mindful of how that growth in the top line is going to impact, and whether it is going to impact 
the bottom line favourably. All these parameters where we currently are leading in the industry, 
we would like to see that we do not dip in any single parameter in terms of our future 
performance. Thank you for joining this conference. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Bank of Maharashtra, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no 
responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy 
***** 
