Sagility India Limited
(Formerly Sagility India Private Limited; earlier Berkmeer India Private Limited)
Registered Office - No. 23 & 24, AMR Tech Park, Building 2A, First Floor Hongasandara Village, Off 
Hosur Road, Bommanahalli, Bengaluru 
560068, Karnataka, India
Corporate Identity Number: U72900KA2021PLC150054
Tel. No.: 080-71251500, Website: www.SagilityHealth.com
Date: November 30, 2024
To, 
The Manager 
The Manager
Listing Department 
Listing Department
National Stock Exchange (NSE) 
Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE)
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Plot No. C/1, G-Block 
Dalal Street
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai - 400 001
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051
Scrip Code:544282
Symbol: SAGILITY
Subject: Transcript of Investors Call held on November 27, 2024
This is in continuation to Quarter 2 Financial Year 2024-25 Investors Call of Sagility India Limited held 
on November 27, 2024. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirement), Regulations 
2015, we attach herewith the transcript of Quarter 2 Financial Year 2024-25 Investors Call of the 
Company which was held on November 27, 2024.
This information is also 
: www.sagilityhealth.com
This is for your kind information and record.
Thanking You,
For Sagility India Limited
Satishkumar Sakharayapattana Seetharamaiah
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
A16008
Encl: a/a

1 
Sagility India Ltd. 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Webinar 
Wednesday, 27th November, 2024 at 4:00 PM 
MANAGEMENT 
● Ramesh Gopalan - Managing Director & Group CEO 
● Sarvabhouman Srinivasan - Group Chief Financial Officer 
MODERATOR 
● Siddharth Rangnekar – CDR India 
QUESTIONERS 
● Abhishek Kumar – JM Financial 
● Abhishek Bhandari – Nomura 
● Pranay Roop Chatterjee – Burman Capital 
● Naysar Parikh – Native Capital 
● Rishi Jhunjhunwala – IIFL 
● Chirag Shah – White Pine Capital 
● Pratyush Agarwal – White Oak Capital 
● Radhika Mittal – Avendus Capital 
● Nilesh Jain – Astute Investment Management 
 
 
 

 
2 
Siddharth Rangnekar:  
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 & H1 FY '25 
Earnings Webinar of Sagility India Limited. This is Siddharth Rangnekar 
from CDR India, and I shall be moderating the event today. 
 
As a reminder, all attendee lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
shall be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded. Now to 
introduce the management we have with us today, Mr. Ramesh Gopalan, 
Managing Director and Group CEO; Mr. Sarvabhouman Srinivasan, Group 
Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements made 
on today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve 
certain risks and uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is 
available in the Q2 FY '25 results presentation that has been uploaded to 
the exchanges earlier. 
 
I would now like to hand over the forum to Mr. Ramesh Gopalan to begin 
the proceedings of this webinar. Over to you, sir. 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining our first 
earnings call. Before I get into the Q2 financial results and operational 
updates, I want to first acknowledge all of you who've been involved in 
taking Sagility public. It's a very landmark event for the company as a 
whole, and I want to thank all the advisors, investors, regulators, and my 
team for getting us to this point. 
 
Given that some of you are hearing from us for the first time, I'm going to 
spend some time giving you some background about the company, the 
industry in which we operate, the opportunity size, and how we plan to 
capitalise on this opportunity over the next few years. After this, we will 
then talk about the previous quarter financials and the first half of the 
year numbers and our performance. 
 
As you would have noticed, we've had a strong set of financials for the 
quarter, and we're very confident about the rest of the year ahead. Before 
that, let me first get into some of the details of the company.  
 
So as I've told, many of you who we met at the road shows, we are one of 
the largest pure-play Healthcare Service providers in the U.S. market. All 
that we do is, U.S. Healthcare. And that is something, which we have 
gained deep expertise in. And so we have broadened deep domain 
expertise in the U.S. Healthcare space. And I'll talk about our Service 
portfolio. Our service portfolio is quite broad and deep. So we can offer a 
number of services to our clients both in Payer and Provider. And we 
generally classify them as both administrative services and clinical 
services.  

 
3 
 
While what we do is core operations, there's a lot of investments that 
we've made in technology and transformation. And so, all of our 
operations are enabled by an underlying technology and transformative 
capabilities. We work for 45 client groups. The client groups, we mean 
clients and their subsidiaries. And out of these clients, five of them are 
part of the top 10 Payers. Payers are insurance companies in the U.S. And 
we also work with three of the top six PBMs. PBMs are Pharmacy Benefit 
Managers. The top six by claims volume, we work for three of them. And 
on the Provider side, we work with four of the large IDNs, lab companies, 
DME companies, and radiology Providers. 
 
The most interesting statistic about our business is the fact that our top 
five clients have been with us for an average of 17 years. So very long 
tenure relationships and relationships that still continue to grow to this 
day, and we'll talk about that. Like we said, 100% focused on the U.S. 
Healthcare. We've been in the business for 24 years even though Sagility 
is just about three years old, the underlying business has been around for 
24 years. And as many of you know, Sagility was formed as a result of a 
carve out from the divestment that AGS did in the beginning of '22.  
 
We deliver from multiple geographies, five geographies in total. U.S. is our 
onshore geography. We have nearshore locations in Jamaica and 
Colombia, and then we have offshore centres in India and the Philippines. 
And we have a very tenured leadership team. Most of the management 
team transitioned over when Sagility was created. And we also today have 
a board with deep Healthcare experience. Our total headcount is about 
38,000 people out of which we have 2,000 clinicians. Clinicians include, 
nurses, coders, dentists, pharmacists, and so on.  
 
And our financial profile as, we've told you in the past, we've had a 
consistent track record of growth and profitability. Last financial year, we 
grew at 12.7%. And our EBITDA margins over the last two, three years 
have been consistent between 24% and 25%. Our adjusted PAT margin 
last year was 12.4% and a very healthy OCF to EBITDA conversion at 
87.2%. And the numbers that you see, 105 claims per 1.5 billion process 
(05:10) and 75 million interactions just give you an idea of the scale of 
operations that we currently handle for our clients. And 94% of our 
headcount is in the offshore and nearshore geographies. And that's 
another reason why our margins are very healthy.  
 
And all of the analysts who track Healthcare services, they rate us very 
highly. So we've been rated in the top quadrants by Everest Group’s PEAK 
Matrix, by Avasant in their clinical services transformation. And very 
recently, ISG rated us as a leader in the GenAI Service Provider space. I'll 
talk about our GenAI capabilities. And our HR capabilities have also been 
awarded for. And if you look at all of the awards that we've got, we've 

 
4 
been awarded one of the best employers, in each of the geographies 
where we operate, be it India, Philippines, Jamaica, and the U.S. 
 
Now quickly talking about the industry, U.S. healthcare. A lot of you have 
asked me why U.S. Healthcare? But U.S. Healthcare as an industry is a 
very, very large industry. $4.7 trillion is the total healthcare spend. About 
17 plus percent of the GDP today, and it's likely to become 18% of the 
GDP by 2028. And if you look at the per capita spending on U.S. 
Healthcare, U.S. spends the most of all the countries globally, right? So 
roughly about $12,500 per head, which is 50% greater than the next 
largest country. So very large overall spends and very large per capita 
spends as well. 
 
And if you look at the specific target market size for us, the core 
operational spend between Payers and Providers is roughly about $200 
billion as of CY '23. And what is outsourced from this is, only about 20 odd 
percent. So about 19.5% to 21.5% in Provider and a little higher on the 
Payer side. So out of the $200 billion, it's a $45 billion opportunity that's 
been outsourced so far. And so, there's a lot of potential one to gain, 
wallet share in this $45 billion. But more importantly, as the offshoring 
and outsourcing penetration increases from the $200 billion, that gives us 
a much larger opportunity to grow as well.  
 
Quickly on the Services, like I said, very broad and deep service portfolio. 
I won't spend a lot of time talking about the individual services. But like I 
said, for a Payer, it probably almost touched all of their functions in the 
value chain. So broadly, we bucketed them into the four pillars that you 
see for Payers.  
● Claims is a critical part of what we do. As I've mentioned in the past, 
a lot of the claims get auto adjudicated in the U.S. And so the claims 
that we handle is the follow-up from the auto adjudication queue 
roughly about 15% to 25%. A lot of the work is around reviews of 
those claims, rework of those claims and grievance and appeals, 
handling of grievance and appeals, from lower than desired 
payment. All of that is part of the claims workflow.  
● Payment integrity is unique to Healthcare. So payments that are 
made can still be recouped, if the payer finds that they've overpaid 
those claims. And so we acquired a company called DCI in the last 
year. And, DCI has given us additional capabilities in the Payment 
Integrity space. And today, we have the ability to go to clients and 
essentially recoup overpayments that they may have done.  

 
5 
● Clinical is another fast growing area for us. There's a huge clinician 
shortage in the U.S. And so, a number of our clients who in the past 
wanted to do some of this work in house today are looking at service 
providers like us to outsource more of the clinical services. And 
broadly, the work that we do on the clinical side is of two types. How 
do you control the current clinical spend and how do you also control 
the future clinical spend, right? So we control the current spend by 
something called Utilisation Management, which is prior 
authorisation of services, concurrent review, and even review once 
the claims are submitted. And then future spend through 
programmes like, Chronic and Complex Case Management and 
Population Health Management are some of the initiatives to risk 
stratify the population and work with our clients to engage with high 
risk members so that they don't become high cost claimants in the 
future.  
● I thought the last pillar is the rest of the administrative activities, 
helping clients with Enrolment, with Plan Building, with collection of 
premiums, and also managing their Provider network. So it's all of 
that Other services that we provide.  
 
And as, you can see at the bottom, about 89.2% of our revenues comes 
from Payers. The balance 10.8% comes from Providers.  
 
For Providers, what we do is broadly Revenue Cycle Management, which 
includes the front office, middle office, and the back office. So things like 
Patient Engagement, scheduling in the front office, Coding in the middle 
office. And the bulk of what we do is in the back end, which is around 
follow through and collection of outstanding claims, as well as helping our 
clients, work through some of the Clinical and Coding Denials and recover 
money from the Payers. 
 
And Healthcare requires a lot of certifications and accreditations, and we 
have them across the geographies where we operate. Like I said, 
technology is an integral part of what we do. And there's a lot of 
technology, that we have invested in and which we deploy in our 
operations. One is End-to-End Solutions that we've built. Like I said, 
Payment Integrity is a capability that we acquired, organically, we built 
capabilities around Utilisation Management, around another clinical 
programme called Aging-in Place. 
 
So these are full grown programmes that have a technology back end and 
services on top of the technology, that we take to market.  
 
And then we have functional products which are not full platforms, but 
these are more point solutions, which work with an underlying platform 

 
6 
to deliver a business outcome. And then across the board in operations, 
we deploy what we call Robotic Process Automation, Analytics, AI. And 
the objective of all of this is threefold. One, to improve the efficiency, 
which is the primary purpose of why clients give us work. One is, obviously 
to take out cost, but to also improve efficiencies of their operations, two, 
we also increase the accuracy of the work that we do, right? So we sign 
up to very stringent quality measures. And so these tools help us improve 
the accuracy. 
 
And thirdly, given that we handle large volumes of transactions, we use 
all of these technologies to generate insights from the work that we do, 
and we provide that insights back to our clients. And so we built a number 
of these digital services. As you can see, things like Intelligent Content 
Processing, Speech Analytics, Interaction Analytics, all of these are tools 
that we've built to be able to provide those insights to the clients. And 
lastly, as we target the mid-market and the small market, we are also 
looking at ways to bundle all of our services and take them as what we 
call Integrated Business Process-as-a-Service solutions. And that's 
something that we are working with partners, both, platform partners as 
well as system integration partners to be able to provide a holistic solution 
to our clients.  
 
GenAI is a topic that has come about in all of our conversations. Like I said, 
we've acquired a company recently called BirchAI. And we'd already 
started working on a number of GenAI pilots in the last 18 months. And 
with the acquisition, we've enhanced our capabilities in all of the areas 
that you see here. So today, we are running a number of pilots across the 
front office, which is essentially all of the interactions that we have on 
behalf of our Payer clients with both Providers and members, ability to 
automate some of those interactions, ability to summarise the outcome 
of those interactions. All of this, we are deploying using GenAI.  
 
And in the back office, a large part of the work around Grievance and 
Appeals, Letter Generation, Identification of Fraud, Waste and Abuse, we 
are using AI in a big way. But the biggest efficiency improvements that we 
are seeing is in the clinical space, where we handle medical 
documentation, clinical medical records, where GenAI helps us not only 
summarise that information, but also helps us classify and improve the 
efficiency of the clinician who's making the final determination. 
 
And lastly, we're using GenAI in all of our operational needs within the 
organisation in our hiring, in our training, all of these, we're using GenAI 
to not only improve efficiency, but also improve the speed to proficiency 
as we call them. How do we get a newcomer more productive sooner? 

 
7 
 
So lastly in terms of our go forward strategy, our top clients, we've worked 
with them for a number of years. Like I said, while the tenure has been 
long, these clients still continue to grow in double-digits. So a lot of our 
top clients still give us a number of opportunities to grow. And we've done 
that over the last several years and we continue doing that. 
 
In parallel, what we've also done is invested heavily in the go to market 
team. So the additional mandate now is in addition to the top clients, how 
do we penetrate the mid-market and the smaller clients? And we've 
successfully done that over the last two, three years and the number of 
client additions is a testament to that. 
 
And like I said, we've invested a lot in technology over the last few years. 
And we continue to invest in technology, not just in building full scale 
platforms, but also in areas like GenAI. And lastly, M&A is a key lever for 
us to build our capability. So we're looking at two kinds of M&A's. One is, 
capability-based acquisitions, just like a BirchAI or a DCI. And we are also 
constantly looking for other opportunities, which will give us access to a 
much larger pool of clients. Since, mid-market is a is a key focus area for 
us, we are actively looking at acquisitions which will give us more clients 
in the mid-market space. 
 
With that, let me quickly jump, into the results for Q2. We are pleased to 
report that in Q2 FY '25, we registered a year-on-year growth of 21.1%, in 
rupee terms, which is 19.8% in constant currency terms. During Q2 FY '25, 
our revenues were $157.9 million, and ₹13,250 million in INR terms. This 
is a 8.3% Q-on-Q growth in INR and about a 7.7% Q-on-Q growth in 
constant currency. 
 
However, like we mentioned in the past, there is a seasonality to our 
business. The open enrolment or AEPS, it's called starts somewhere in 
October, November and goes on till early part of the subsequent year. 
And so there's a pronounced seasonality. So Q-on-Q numbers may always 
not be a best reflection of our business. So we would encourage you to 
look at year-on-year numbers always. 
 
During the quarter, our Payer vertical grew 20.8% year-on-year and 
contributed to 89.2% on the revenue mix. And the Provider vertical grew 
23.7% and contributed to 10.8% of the total revenues. Our growth, like I 
said, like in the past, our growth was led by demand from our existing 
clients and our new logo wins. Our largest clients continue to provide us 
with many opportunities to increase our share of wallet. And this is 
possible because of our continued strong operational performance, and 
that is something that we've done, flawlessly over a number of years. And 
so that gives us the right to win additional business from our existing 
clients. 

 
8 
 
We are also increasing the value that we provide to our clients. We are 
engaging in consulting engagements. For example, we are doing a 
customer journey mapping for a new client of ours. And for another client, 
we are engaged in clinical consulting. We are working with them in the 
utilisation management space to optimise their spend on high utilised, 
high spend specialties. 
 
And like I said, we are also working on a number of GenAI pilots for our 
customers across both front and back office areas. And we were awarded 
the leader in GenAI service provider in 2024 by ISG. Also, our enhanced 
focus on the small and mid-market peer clients has started to show fruit 
as we widen our presence across both large and the midsize customers. 
 
Now switching to the half yearly results, we are pleased to report that H1 
FY '25, we registered a sequential growth of 15.3% in INR terms and a 
13.8% in constant currency terms. And during the first half of the year, we 
recorded revenues of $304.5 million, which translates to ₹25,484 million 
in INR terms. 
 
Now switching to margins and operating profits. For the quarter, we 
delivered an adjusted EBITDA of $40.3 million, which is ₹3,378 million in 
INR terms, which is an year-on-year growth of 22.2%. This reflects an 
adjusted EBITDA margin of 25.5%. Our adjusted EBITDA margin has been 
very healthy. Like I said, historically, we've maintained very consistent 
margins. And even this quarter, this margin has been possible because of 
operational efficiencies, both through tech-led initiatives and process 
improvements, and also lower than expected corporate cost, which we 
expect to be in line for the rest of the year. And our offshore revenues 
were also higher than onshore, which is also a reason our margins were 
very healthy. 
 
Our consolidated adjusted profit after tax for the quarter stood at ₹1,636 
million, which is an year-on-year increase of 30.5%. Our continued 
reduction in our debt position is one reason why our adjusted PAT growth 
is very healthy. On a half yearly basis, our adjusted EBITDA of ₹6,538 
million grew 12.8% year-on-year, while our adjusted PAT of ₹3,083 million 
grew 15.1% year-on-year. 
 
So if you look at our people metrics, we added about 2,522 people to our 
headcount. So the overall headcount, at the end of the second quarter 
stood at about 38,380. Our annualised attrition is very stable at 25.8%. It's 
better than our historical levels. Thanks to our employee engagement 
initiatives. And as I showed you in the first slide, we won a number of 
awards for our employee engagement. 
 
I'm pleased to inform you that our company was chosen as one of the best 
organisations for women in 2024 by Economic Times. 

 
9 
 
Now let me hand it over to Srini to walk you through the financials. 
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan: 
Thank you, Ramesh. Firstly, welcome all to our first earnings call. Like 
Ramesh mentioned, we had a very good quarter and a good first half of 
the year. Our revenue growth and profitability has been consistent in the 
last few years, and we expect this to continue going forward. 
 
Like Ramesh mentioned, I would want to reiterate that our business has 
seasonality where the second half is slightly more pronounced than the 
first half, and that's due to the open enrolment seasonality in H2. 
Therefore, we prefer our financial performance to be reviewed on a YoY 
basis and not a QoQ basis. 
 
Besides the financial numbers, revenue, EBITDA, and profitability, if you 
look at the OCF, we generated an operating cash of ₹6,089 million in the 
first half of the year, which is 114% of our reported EBITDA. Yeah, the 
numbers shown in a graphical form, so I would quickly move on. We have 
shown the full financial numbers. You have the deck with you. So if there 
are any specific questions, we will take it up later. 
 
Yeah, I would want to spend some time here on this slide. If you had 
noticed our earnings per share has been gradually improving. And what 
you see in the last column is the trailing 12-month earnings per share, for 
September '24. On the return on capital employed, it continues to be 
healthy at mid-40s, and it's largely driven by a robust operating 
performance. You will also notice that there has been a consistent 
reduction in the debt. And as of 30th September, our net debt including 
lease liabilities, is 0.78x of trailing 12 months EBITDA, and our net debt 
excluding the lease liabilities is only 0.34x of trailing 12 months EBITDA.  
 
Yeah. I'll just pause here for a minute. This gives you a quick snapshot of 
our revenue and profitability. We have two adjustments in our EBITDA 
and three adjustments for our PAT. Let me walk you through the details. 
The earnouts, the first one from the reported EBITDA to adjusted EBITDA 
is on account of the earnouts under acquisition agreements. And this is 
pertaining to the acquisition of the DCI and Birch, the two companies that 
we had acquired in FY '24, and these are non-recurring in nature. And FY 
'26 will be the last year for these earnouts, and we have shown the details 
of what will that charge be in slide 18. 
 
Share based payment awards are, which is a second adjustments to the 
EBITDA are provided to the leadership team. And like we have mentioned 
this in the past to some of our existing investors, these are similar to the 
stock appreciation rights linked to the shares of Sagility B.V. The share 
based payments are non-cash in nature as they would directly be settled 
by a promoter Sagility B.V. There is no obligation or liability on our 

 
10 
company and also do not reflect in any dilution to the shareholders of 
Sagility India. The details of the same for future period is given in slide 18. 
 
These two adjustments flow through from EBITDA to PAT, and it is 
adjusted for tax. And in the adjusted PAT bridge, we also have a third 
adjustment, which is primarily for the amortisation of intangibles. This 
was created purely due to the acquisition of Sagility by EQT and is non-
operational in nature. The purchase consideration was significantly higher 
than the fair value of the assets acquired which resulted in the creation of 
goodwill and intangibles. 
 
Intangibles including customer relationships in the U.S. was recognised at 
$265 million to be amortised over a 16-year period. And the customer 
contracts with the Indian entity was valued at $85 million and that 
amortisation got completed as of 31st March 2024. That this is completely 
non-cash, and there is no cash impact and is non-operational in nature. 
Next slide. 
 
So the go forward positions we have shown, what will the debt be in our 
books. As of FY '25, we are likely to have ₹8020 million. And for FY '26, it 
will be ₹5,670 million. We'd be repaying about ₹2,490 million in FY '25, 
₹2,350 million in the next year, and we have provided the details. Also, 
you would have noted that in the share-based payments, we had a huge 
number in the first year. It's because of the change in the plan that I 
explained earlier, which is equity settled for the company, and the go 
forward number will diminish as it is shown here. 
 
On the balance sheet, our cash and bank balances as of the end of Q2 
stood at ₹5,068 million and after payouts of the shareholder loan in the 
Q1. CapEx spend during the first half of the year was ₹682 million. The 
DSOs at the end of the quarter stood at 72.5 days. Our strong operational 
performance resulted in a very strong free cash flow of 101% to EBITDA. 
So that's the details I've shown in the cash flow slide. Overall, the balance 
sheet remains very healthy with a very low leverage. Over to you, Ramesh. 
Thank you. 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
So let me summarise. Looking ahead, on the revenue front, the key drivers 
poised to drive a sustained growth include a robust relationship with the 
existing clients and strong performance of our sales and marketing teams 
to win new logos. We see incremental opportunity as we focus on small 
and mid-market segment Payers, where as a firm, we can provide end-to-
end offerings. 
 
We expect the growth for the full-year ending March 25, to be in line with 
our growth performance in H1, and our EBITDA margins to stay steady at 
these levels for the full year. Summing up, we are very well positioned to 

 
11 
deliver another strong operational and financial performance and begin 
our journey as a listed company on a very strong footing. 
 
With that, I conclude my presentation and remarks, and I look forward to 
hearing your comments and addressing your questions. 
QUESTION-AND-ANSWER SESSION 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now commence the question-and-answer 
session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may digitally raise their 
hands. When prompted, announce your name and the name of your 
company followed by your question. If you wish to remove yourself from 
the question queue or once you have finished asking your set of 
questions, please lower your hand and mute yourself. A request if you 
could limit your initial round of questions to two to three to ensure that 
every participant gets a chance to engage with the management. If you 
have any additional questions, would request you to kindly re-join. Ladies 
and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment for the question queue to 
assemble.  
 
We'll take the first question from Abhishek Kumar of JM Financial. Your 
line has been unmuted. 
Abhishek Kumar:  
Yeah, hi. Good afternoon, and congratulations, first of all, on your listing 
and on your first earnings presentation. My first question is on the 
business itself. Your top clients drive a lot of your revenues. And you've 
said that you still have a lot of opportunities to grow these larger 
accounts. Just wanted to understand, how do you look at mining these 
accounts? Is it more number of services? Is it more volume that that will 
drive the growth? And, also, if you can touch upon the competition in 
these accounts, who would be the vendor if you were to take market 
share away from some other vendors indeed? That would be my first 
question. 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Thanks, Abhishek. Yeah. So good question, right? So, like I said, I'll answer 
the concentration question also, right? So if we look at the peer industry 
and as you probably know, it's a consolidated industry in the U.S. The top 
10 to 15 Payers command somewhere between 60% to 70% market share. 
And in fact, some of the segments like Medicare and others, you would 
have even four to five Payers commanding 60%, 70% of the market share. 
 
So our position is also reflective of the market position. So our top clients 
contribute a large portion of our revenues. And to your specific question, 
historically, we would have started working for all of these clients in one 
area. And over the last about 10, 15, 17 years, we have expanded to 

 
12 
multiple areas. And as you saw, our service portfolio, we have pretty 
broad and deep exposure to all of the services, for a Payer organisation. 
 
To answer your specific question, we don't do all of the services even for 
the current set of large clients. So the portfolio that I showed you is all of 
the things that we do, but we may be doing them for different clients. But 
for the same client, even for our top client, we probably only do, roughly 
about 80% of the service portfolio that I've shown, right? So there is still 
opportunity for us to work with each of these clients in areas which we 
are not supporting them today on. And in a number of cases, they will for 
example, clinical, like you said is an area which has not been outsourced 
in a big way in the past. 
 
And so these are white spaces for, even some of our larger clients. And 
we continue to get opportunities to work on those areas. So most of the 
growth for the Payer space I mean while our Payer clients may continue 
to grow that itself doesn't drive a large part of the growth because the 
volume growth is not significant. So most of the growth for us, from our 
top clients comes from additional lines of work, that we are able to 
penetrate. 
 
And the wallet share increase is coming from that. And it's also not 
because we are replacing, I mean, we might replace some smaller 
vendors, but typically a large part of the growth is not coming from 
replacing another large vendor. But it's essentially coming from, getting 
new areas of growth. And if I ask you to go back to the slide that I showed, 
where if you look at the total outsourcing penetration, it's still in the 20s. 
So there is still a large part of the work that clients still tend to do in-
house. And, with the mounting cost pressures, more and more of that 
work is being outsourced. And that's what is leading to the growth. 
Abhishek Kumar:  
Okay. That's very clear. Just again on competition in your top three, do 
you come across the larger IT services players? Because healthcare and 
life sciences is big vertical for them as well. And a lot of those guys are 
talking about using GenAI to get into a multi-tower kind of deals that 
includes BPO and other verticals. So does that pose a competition, for a 
pure-play BPO company like us? 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Yeah, first question, yes. There are some IT players, but not a lot of them 
are in the healthcare space, right? So, we in our prospectus, we had given 
you a competition slide. So we do come across people like, Cognizant, 
Accenture in some of our Payer opportunities. But not all of the Indian IT 
service players, do we see in those opportunities. To your second 
question, yes, GenAI is an opportunity for all of us, right? 
 
The only differentiation between us and the IT service player is the fact 
that our domain expertise is far greater than some of the more generic IT 

 
13 
services players. So we're not going to market leading with, saying that 
we have GenAI capabilities and tell us what problem we can solve for you. 
Rather because we are running those operations for our clients, we are 
able to do the pilots in the existing operations that we are currently 
running, and we are able to show them the benefits and sharing the 
benefits with the client. 
 
So the slide that I showed you where we are running a number of pilots 
across front office, back office and clinical work, these are not projects 
that we are deploying for the client in their environment. These are work 
that we are doing for them today. And so these deployments are in the 
operations that we currently handle for them. And so it's a very easy way 
for us to demonstrate the value that we can bring to the table. And then 
we have very innovative game share arrangements with the clients to 
monetise some of our efforts. 
Abhishek Kumar:  
Well, maybe one last question, bit of a macro question. A lot of concerns 
around Donald Trump's Presidency and his views on life sciences, 
healthcare, pharma in general, his choice of Health Secretary as well. I just 
would like to, get your views on how you think that can impact their 
industry and us in particular? Thank you and all the best. 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Yeah. So broadly, I mean obviously, we'll get to know more details. But if 
you look at it, both the administrations, both the parties focuses on how 
do we reduce healthcare cost from ballooning, right? So from that point 
of view, there's no divergence in thinking. And the kind of work that we 
do, our work for our clients, and I forgot to point this out is the revenues 
that we make is part of the non-discretionary spend, right? Because we 
run core operations for our clients. This is not a discretionary spend that 
the clients can switch on and off. This is something that they need to 
spend day in and day out to keep their operations running. 
 
And so when there is a cost pressure on a client, it makes more sense for 
them to look at service providers like us because off the bat, we can bring 
about cost reductions. And on top of that, we can bring about additional 
efficiencies to further reduce the cost, right? So from that point of view, 
we don't see a major risk to our business directly, in terms of any policies. 
And from a coverage point of view, we are broadly diversified. 
 
We operate across multiple segments, commercial, Medicare advantage, 
Medicaid exchange business. And so even if there's a shift of, volumes 
from one segment to another we have enough experience in handling all 
of those segments. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, Abhishek. We'd like to move to the next question. We take the 
next question from Abhishek Bhandari of Nomura. Abhishek, your line has 
been unmuted. Request you to ask your question. 

 
14 
Abhishek Bhandari:  
Yeah. Thank you to the management. My question is related to previous 
Abhishek's question. And if you look at, some of the features what 
President Trump made was around reducing these costs around 
insurance. And during the last few years of Biden Presidency, we had seen 
some leniency in terms of drop in premiums, which almost doubled the 
enrolment. So the question is, if that were to expire at the end of 2025, 
how much part of the business is linked to number of enrolments from 
government sponsored insurance company? That is the first question. 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
So, I mean you're talking about the exchange business and government 
sponsored; I mean, even, Medicare is paid. The premiums are paid by the 
CMS, right? If you look at the exchange business today, the enrolments 
are I think have grown tremendously in the last three, four years, right? 
We don't think that is going away. 
 
And like I said, ultimately, the percentage of insured population doesn't 
differ very much. If something goes away, the population moves to a 
different segment. And as long as, we have coverage across all segments, 
we are protected. And even if you look at our existing clients, there's 
always a shift in, I mean some of our top clients had very little exchange 
exposure four years ago. 
 
Today, they have a couple of million members in the exchange business 
and we continue to support that. So if that moves away from one segment 
to another, we will still continue supporting those lives. And so we don't 
really see that as a big deterrent. 
Abhishek Bhandari:  
Got it. Thank you, sir. My second and last question is around this captive 
sourcing proliferation in India. Many of the large U.S. healthcare Payers 
are also opening or increasing their captive presence in India. Is that in an 
area which is not currently with us or do you think there are certain 
overlaps in the existing business which may be moving to this captive 
shift, if at all they were to grow? 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Yeah. So I mean couple of large captives, that we are aware of are having 
done by clients, by healthcare Payers who are not our current clients. The 
other conversations that, even when we have with our current clients, a 
lot of them are thinking about setting up more innovation centres in 
places like India to work on things that they're not comfortable giving to 
a third-party Provider. 
 
A number of them are now thinking about setting up captives for core 
operations, which is what we do for them, right? So I mean, these 
conversations come up every now and then even with the existing clients. 
And we are closely working with them in a number of instances, we are 
even willing to help them set up some of those captives for like I said for 

 
15 
core innovation or for some of the transformational services that they 
want to try out internally. 
Abhishek Bhandari:  
All right. Maybe if I can squeeze in one last one. So many of the IT 
companies, which also have BPO arms, they have been talking about huge 
productivity gains in the voice based contact centre as and when they get 
automated with GenAI. So the question for you is do you also have a point 
of view on this and how much part of our business is coming from this 
voice based contact centre in the overall scheme of things? 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
The way we would talk about it is, when we don't per se, talk about it as 
a contact centre, right? So in the overall gamut of things and let me give 
you an example, right? So we spoke about claims. So when we handle 
claims for a Provider let's say a Provider submits a claim and I don't, end 
up paying the claim in full. The Provider is going to either pick up the 
phone, call me, do a chat or send a correspondence appealing the lower 
payment. 
 
So that's an interaction that we handle, right? Is that interaction going to 
be completely automated? For some parts, yes. And we've been helping 
our clients do that, even in the past. For example, we've set up gateways 
between Payers and Providers to eliminate those calls and ensure that 
those appeals are directed in a different channel. If you look at the broad 
interactions that we handle for our clients both coming from Providers 
and members, yes, there is a certain percentage that we think can be 
automated. 
 
And like I said, some of the GenAI pilots that we are running with our 
clients today, we are actively looking at, what are some of the call drivers 
that are amenable to automation. But healthcare being, very complex and 
the systems also being very, what should I say disparate and data not 
being in one place. We don't see a full automation, beyond 15%, 20%. But 
having said that, we think there is a tremendous opportunity to improve 
the efficiency, right? 
 
So rather than an associate work through multiple systems trying to 
gather information to try and address the query, is there a way to use 
GenAI for knowledge retrieval? Is there a way to use GenAI for 
summarisation of the interaction. All of these are efficiency levers, which 
we believe will reduce the total quantum of work that a person needs to 
do. 
Abhishek Bhandari:  
Thank you for those answers, sir and all the best. 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Thanks. 

 
16 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We shall take the next question from Pranay Roop Chatterjee 
from Burman Capital. Your line has been unmuted. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee:  
Great. Thank you. Good evening to everyone. So my first question is 
essentially trying to understand the revenue model. So, I think we had 
about ₹4,800 crores of revenue in FY '24. Is it possible to break that down 
into how much is coming basis transactions happening? How much is a 
fixed subscription based revenue? And how much would we, let's say one-
off implementation costs or those sort of revenue? I'm just trying to 
understand. 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Yeah. No, I get your question, right? So at a high level, everything that we 
do, like I said I would say over 90% of the work that we do is operational 
services, which is a recurring revenue. Unless, volumes decrease or 
unless, we lose an SOW, that's a revenue that will continue to accrue for 
us year-on-year. Our contracts are typically three year contracts and like 
I said for large clients who've been with us for 17 plus years, we've gone 
through several renewal cycles of those contracts. So that's point number 
one. Number two, the models could be very different. 
 
We could be paid on an FTE basis. We could be paid on a transaction basis. 
These are the two most common ways in which we get paid. But there are 
also models in which we get paid what we call a PMPM basis, per number, 
per month. For some of the work that we do in revenue cycle or in 
payment integrity, we could also get paid on a contingency model, right? 
And payment in integrity, we get paid a percentage of the recoveries that 
we make for our clients, right? 
 
So while those models also exist, the predominant models are effort 
based, which is either an FTE model or a transaction rate model. And in 
terms of the recurring revenues, like I said, over 90% of our revenues are 
recurring revenues. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee:  
Got it. Another question I had, and I had this before the IPO as well. Is that 
obviously, because of the transaction that happened in 2021, this entity 
was incorporated. Is it possible to share the revenue data of probably 
couple of older years just to see or assess what can be the growth profile 
of a company in the sector. Because right now, the only data we have is 
12%, 13% for the last year. So maybe FY '19 or FY '14, if you can share 
some figures? 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
So, I mean, what I can guide you is, HGS is part of discontinued operations 
after they divested this business. You can get the revenue numbers for a 
couple of years from that, right? Otherwise, there are no published 
audited separate numbers for healthcare revenue. 

 
17 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee:  
Got it. So if we forget the history and focus incrementally, right, you 
mentioned this year 15% is something that can be done. So given the 
strength of, given the traction that you are seeing in the market for 
outsourcing, given the strength of your sales team is 15% a good number 
to keep in mind even after this year? Is that a good number? Can it be 
accelerated? What would the management team be happy with? 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Look. Historically, if I look at the last few years, you asked the revenue 
question, but I mean, like I said, the management team has been 
associated with this business for a number of years. Even if you go back 
three, four, five years, we've always grown in double-digits. We've grown, 
I would say in the low teens to mid-teens number. And that's a number 
that you see us growing this year as well. 
 
And like I said, the first half we've grown at that rate, and we are fairly 
confident of maintaining the trajectory for the rest of the year. Two, three 
years is a long time for me to give a specific number. But given the fact 
that we've done double-digit growth in the low-to-mid teens, that's a 
number we are aiming to. Now, of course, with the increase in 
investments, in the market facing team and our focus also to penetrate 
the mid and small market, we could -- the attempt is always to increase 
the growth number. But if you look at our historical trend, it's been in the 
low-to-mid teens. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee:  
That's very helpful. So my last question is on your margins. Obviously, you 
mentioned, 24% to 25% has been stable for the last three years. 
Incrementally, you are thinking differently. Because historically, we have 
been concentrated in top four, five clients, which are the large players. 
Now as we penetrate smaller sized players, and probably their share 
increases over time, how would it affect our margin profile? Is it 
reasonable to assume that you can maintain it, or is there a structural 
headwind to it? How should we look at it? 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
So good question. So as we focus on the mid-market, do we think there is 
going to be a pressure on margins? We don't think so. We think, we can 
maintain similar pricing, similar margins at a client-by-client level. Having 
said that, the main factors around margin, if I take a step back and address 
your question more broadly, is the fact that in our business, there is 
always an expectation from clients that we will generate additional 
efficiencies. 
 
So a lot of investments like I discussed in technology is to generate those 
efficiencies. And a large part of those efficiencies, we do tend to pass back 
to the clients. But there's always an opportunity for us to retain some part 
of the efficiency, because like I said, I mean the efficiencies that we pass 
back to the client could be in terms of a reduction in the transaction price 

 
18 
or it could be a gain share model, which means there's some part of the 
efficiency that that we manage to retain. Whether that efficiency is going 
to reflect in an increase in margin or whether I'm going to use that to 
invest further in technology. That's a management call. And since we've 
been keeping our margins stable and consistent, we think anything that 
we can do to continue to invest to grow our capabilities, that is something 
that we will do and try and keep our margins consistent. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee:  
Excellent. Great results and all the best. 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
We move to the next question from Naysar Parikh of Native Capital. Your 
line has been unmuted. 
Naysar Parikh:  
Hi. So the five top clients that you have, can you give an idea of what 
would be your share of wallets in them? How many other players are 
there? Typically, do they divide it with two, three players, and how does 
that work? And secondly, when you win new clients, whose business are 
you actually winning? Because like you showed, these are long-term 
contracts. So it'll be for even your competition. So how do you win the 
new clients? 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Okay. Good question. So part of it I answered in Abhishek's question 
earlier. But let me repeat that. So your first question was top clients share 
of wallet, right? So most of the large clients when you work with them, 
especially in very critical processes like claims processing and so on, most 
of the large clients tend not to rely on one vendor. Mostly from a business 
continuity and de-risking point of view. So we will most likely be one of 
two vendors. In some cases, we may even be one of three vendors. 
 
Some of the smaller processes, smaller lesser or non-critical processes, 
we may have the 100% wallet share, but the core ones, typically clients 
have more than one vendor. So even if you look at our top three, top five 
clients, our wallet share of the outsourced stuff. So when we talk of wallet 
share, I want to make sure we're talking about the wallet share of the 
outsourced portion, will be anywhere between 30% to 45% in our top 
clients. 
 
To your second question on new clients. Look new clients, if I again 
separate them as new clients in the large clients category and new clients 
in the mid and small market category, it's very different. The outsourcing 
penetration in the mid and small space is very, very small. So if I'm winning 
opportunities in the mid-market, it is very likely that the client hasn’t 
outsourced at all, so it's a white space from an outsourcing point of view. 
And I get that, right? 

 
19 
 
If it is a large client, it could be as an additional vendor. Like I said, 
sometimes clients during the renewal may want to bring in a new vendor 
so I may get an opportunity as an additional vendor, or I might be 
replacing some of the smaller vendors. But, typically, this is a very sticky 
business. As sticky as it is for me, it's sticky for some of the other large 
players as well. 
 
And so either I come in as an additional vendor for an existing service or, 
like I said, in areas like clinical and so on. Those are white spaces even for 
large clients. So they're again spaces where the client may not have 
outsourced in the past. And so then it's a fresh opportunity for all of us. 
Naysar Parikh:  
Got it. Understood. And who would be the largest player over here in the 
outsourced market according to you in U.S.? 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
If you're talking about similar service profile, see some of the companies 
who operate in multiple segments, they don't break down health care 
numbers separately. And even when they do breakdown, if they do both 
IT work and operations work, they don't give the split between IT and 
operations. So in talking to analysts, we believe that some of the bigger 
players like Accenture and Cognizant, their revenues could be closer to 
the 1 billion mark annually. So but, there wouldn't be more than two or 
three folks who would have larger revenues than us in the space we are 
in. 
Naysar Parikh:  
Okay. Got it. Just last. When we look at the TPAs, which are operating in 
India, and the kind of work that they are doing, if you were to contrast 
compare yourself what you are doing versus the TPAs in India, how would 
that be? 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
If you look at it from a macro point of view, it is very similar. So they 
process claims, we process claims. Obviously, the level of automation and 
so on is very different in the U.S. versus what's in India. So without getting 
into those details, broadly, that's we also do claims. We handle grievance 
appeals, that the TPAs do. We help in enrolment. They also help in 
enrolment. 
 
Clinical programmes, we do a lot more in the U.S., which may not be 
something that you see in the Indian context, especially, like I said, clinical 
programmes that are targeted towards reducing future clinical spends. 
Those kinds of programmes, you may not see too much in the Indian DPA 
market. And two, in the U.S., our Payer clients themselves manage the 
Provider networks. So these are large Provider networks where the 
onboard Providers contract with them manage their ongoing relationship. 
And that is something that we support our clients in doing. So from a 
macro point of view, a lot of the activities that we do is very similar to the 
TPA. 

 
20 
 
Yeah. Payment Integrity is another thing that is unique in the U.S. context. 
But, yeah, so except for some of those differences that I spoke of, at a 
broad level, yes, activities would be similar. 
Naysar Parikh:  
Got it. Thank you so much. I'll come back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, Naysar. We take the next question from Pratyush Agarwal 
from White Oak Capital. Pratyush, your line has been unmuted. As we 
don't have audio from this line, we move to the next participant. 
 
We take the question from Rishi Jhunjhunwala from IIFL. Your line has 
been unmuted. Rishi, you may go ahead. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. Just wanted to understand a little bit 
in terms of your medium term growth profile. So if we look at you have 
pretty high client concentration with top three clients contributing 
probably close to around two-third of your revenues. If you look at the 
industry, the health care services outsourcing grows at 8% to 9%. For you 
to do 13% to 15% kind of a growth rate on a sustainable basis, assuming 
that your top three clients probably will grow largely in line with how the 
industry is growing, given that your wallet shares are pretty high in those, 
and there will not be a situation where they will depend on a single 
vendor. It would typically mean that for the rest of your business has to 
grow consistently at 20% plus. 
 
So just wanted to understand what will drive that growth on, for the rest 
of the business. And also, if you can give some colour in terms of your say 
top three clients, how they have grown over say past three to five years 
just a CAGR? 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Thanks, Rishi, for those questions. So first question it's a good question, 
right? I'll answer the second question along with the first. If you look at 
the top three clients combined, I don't have the exact number, but if I look 
at the last three, four years, it would probably be in the 9%, 10% range 
combined growth of the top three clients, right? So they continue to grow 
healthily, year-after-year. It's slightly higher than your 7% to 8% in that 
range. 
 
But to answer your other question, what we are very good at doing is, we 
are very good at farming. So even when I open a mid-market client today 
or any new client today, typically, like I've explained in the past, we get in 
with one or two services. And then, we are very good at being able to 
convert that to a third service and a fourth service and so on. So typically, 
if you get into a client with one service and in the next year, you're able 
to add on a new service, I mean, roughly, you're going to double the 
business. So that's a lot of the new clients that we are adding today are 

 
21 
going to grow much, much faster than clients who've been with us for 10, 
15 years. 
 
Just for the very fact that I'm starting on a smaller base. And then we are 
continuing to also look at more newer opportunities. So we are continuing 
to penetrate mid market clients. And so both the new engine, new logo 
growth, as well as farming from the logos that, I've opened in the recent 
past, those numbers are likely to be in the high teens, which is what 
combined will give a low-to-mid teens growth. 
 
The one way of trying to increase that low-to-mid teens to higher teens 
growth, like I've discussed in the past is, can we open some of these new 
logos, not on as one service, two service basis, but can I combine a 
number of services and open it as a larger deal right from the get go. So 
that is the BPaaS model that we've been discussing. So we are in the 
process of trying that out, it's early days. But if we execute on that 
strategy successfully, then we believe that the deal sizes can be much 
larger and the growth rate can be higher than what it is today. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood. And just in terms of additional growth opportunities or 
addressable markets, so 90% of our revenues comes from the Payer side 
and Provider is still 10%. Do you see yourself growing aggressively on the 
Provider side also on one hand from a vertical perspective? And secondly, 
just thinking outside of U.S., are there any plans to try and do business 
outside also, given these probably would be replicable capabilities in 
other geographies as well. 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Yeah. The first question, yes. We want to grow the Provider aggressively. 
Even today, the Provider is growing marginally faster than the Payer of 
business. But we are constantly looking to grow that faster, because our 
Provider portfolio compared to the Payer is a lot more restricted today. 
Whereas, we have a number of capabilities on the Payer side that are 
equally applicable to the Provider side. And so we are looking at ways of 
expanding our service capabilities on the Provider side and growing that 
business more aggressively. Having said that, Payer will still continue to 
be the larger core part of our business for the foreseeable future. 
 
To your next question, look, I mean theoretically not a lot of it, not 
everything is replicable globally. The administrative system of the U.S. 
healthcare is very different than what you would encounter in other 
places. But the clinical side, whatever we are doing is equally applicable, 
right? So that's one part of the response. But broadly, like I said, given the 
size of the U.S. market and the fact that we are still a very small player 
compared to that opportunity size. 
 
We believe that, we need to keep focused on the U.S. market. Having said 
that, there are other adjacencies to the Payer and Provider markets that 

 
22 
we haven't explored in the past. And that's something that we might, look 
at exploring in the future. But yeah, it's likely to be more in the U.S. for at 
least the near future before venturing outside. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood. And just one last question on margins. At that 24%, 25% 
EBITDA, you're pretty much in the top quartile when we look at players of 
similar businesses. So do you attribute this largely to the level of 
offshoring that you're able to do, or are there any other specific reasons 
for your margin differential versus some of the peers? And how defensible 
do you think that is, if you were to start seeing some sort of pricing 
pressure across customers? 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
You're right. The margins offshore are higher than the margins that you 
would generate on the same shore, right in the U.S. So that's true for 
almost everybody. And so the more offshoring you can do, the better are 
your margins, right? So and like I said, we have over 90% of our resources 
in nearshore and offshore geographies. And so that is one reason why our 
margins are high. The second question is our operating efficiency. We 
pride ourselves on being strong operators. We've done this for 24 years. 
We know how to run the business. And these are businesses where you 
need to manage headcount very carefully, and you need to manage 
efficiencies very carefully. And we master the art of doing that. 
 
So we believe that we can squeak or eke out more margins, than our 
competitors, even for the same price points. And your third question on 
maintainability of margins, we've addressed that in the past, right? So 
there are several levers for us to act on, when it comes to margins. And 
efficiency is a big factor, like I've said. And we have several tools at our 
disposal to continue to generate those efficiencies. 
 
In addition to pure operational efficiencies, we can use technology to 
generate efficiencies. The question always is, how much do you pass back 
to your client versus how much you're able to retain? And that is 
something that we've been successful in being able to generate a lot of 
value so that our clients feel that they're getting, the efficiencies that they 
expect of a service provider like us. At the same time, we are able to retain 
some part of that efficiency to manage our margins. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Great. Thank you so much, and all the best for second half and the 
following years. 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Thank you, Rishi. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from Chirag Shah from White Pine 
Capital. Chirag, your line has been unmuted. You can ask your question. 

 
23 
Chirag Shah: 
Okay. Thanks for the opportunity. So my first question is with respect to, 
how difficult it is to win a new business? Okay. Say, for example, right now 
in U.S. where you are, a new client, in terms of capability, in terms of time 
it requires from the effort you put and the time it requires to scale up. So 
that is the first question if you can just share how, based on your 
experiences. 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Thank you, Chirag for the question, right? So I mean in any industry, it's 
never easy to win a new client. More so in the operational world because 
the domain expertise is a very strong entry barrier, right? So you have to 
prove to the client that you have the capability because they are handing 
over their existing operations to a service partner. And this is something 
like I said, this is something that they need to run day in and day out, to 
keep the lights on. And so they can't afford to make a mistake by choosing 
the wrong partner, right? 
 
So domain capability and operational expertise is a key requirement. And 
so that itself puts a big entry barrier for new players wanting to do this, 
right? But having said that, this decision while we've discussed this in the 
past in the roadshows while, objectively the cost advantages that you can 
get by offshoring some of this is very obvious. 
 
But given the risks involved, people are very cautious when they make the 
decisions to choose a vendor and to offshore. So I would say, yes. It is 
difficult to get into a client. Your second question on ramp up, it depends 
on the size of the deal, right? So we've onboarded clients with 300, 400 
FTEs and ramp them up in four to six months. So it depends. But for 
smaller deals, we could be up and running in a time as short as two to 
three months, right? 
 
But the larger the size of the deal, it might take us, longer. Because, most 
other than the clinical work where we hire clinicians who are already 
trained, but we still need to train them on the U.S. healthcare. For the 
nonclinical cues, we tend to hire people with limited healthcare 
experience. And we train them in U.S. healthcare and in the process 
before we deploy them. So there is hiring and training cycle which takes 
time. But for that, our ability to ramp up is quite fast. 
Chirag Shah: 
When you say ramp up in say, four to six months, you need to achieve the 
optimum level, right? Optimum level of revenue from that contract? 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Yes, for the reasonable sized contracts. Yeah and by six months, we will 
be hitting the steady state revenue if that's what is, yeah. 
Chirag Shah: 
Yeah. Also in terms of time required, suppose you start a discussion today 
with your client, either you approach them or they approached you. 
Unless it's a dire situation for the client. I'm excluding that part. But 

 
24 
generally, you experience how much time it takes for you to make an 
entry, it will look like. 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Again, if the entry point is when a RFP is out and you're invited to 
participate, it could be anywhere between three to four months. But if 
you're essentially cultivating a relationship, which will then result in an 
actual RFP and so on, it could take anywhere between six to eight months. 
Chirag Shah: 
Okay. This is good enough. And second is any thought on, expanding your 
geographical reach? 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
I just answered that question, sir. So like I said in the near future, we're 
going to be focused on the U.S. market, at least for the next couple of 
years, right? So we have a large opportunity there. And we think by 
staying focused, we can win a larger share of the business. 
Chirag Shah: 
And one last question if I can squeeze in. So of the ₹100 of the opportunity 
that is available in general for outsourcing or say among top three clients, 
how much of you are doing today? Because some of the things will be 
done in-source. You highlighted only 20% is being outsourced, right? 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Yeah. 
Chirag Shah: 
For you, of the ₹100 of opportunity available today in your assessment, 
how much you have already encashed and how much you think you can 
encash over next three years? 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
I mean if I understand your question, you're asking me for I mean, there 
are multiple ways to answer that question. If you're asking me what's my 
market share amongst the players with similar services, I don't have exact 
number. But like I said, to in response to some other question, there are 
only two or three players who are bigger than me. 
Chirag Shah: 
Let me rephrase the question, sir. I'm saying that there's an outsourcing 
opportunity of, say you said that today as well as the potential that could 
be outsourced is ₹100. You are addressing only 20% as an outsourcer, 
correct? Now going from 20% to say 40%. 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Yeah. 
Chirag Shah: 
What will it require to fall in place either for you or for industry? I'm 
putting it. 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Okay, okay. I get your question. So the 20% to 25% is an industry average, 
right? If you look at the different maturities, they'll be different, right? For 
example, if you classify the market into the large national Payers and the 
mid-market and the small market, it'll vary significantly. The large guys 
would have done a little more. They'll probably have a 40% plus, 

 
25 
penetration. Whereas the smaller guys may be in the single-digits, right? 
So what will it take is I mean, the industry, the cost pressures are only 
increasing. Someone asked the question, the reimbursement rates are 
coming down. 
 
So everywhere there is a lot of pressure to reduce both the administrative 
and the clinical costs. And healthcare is a very local subject. So historically, 
people wanted to do this work in house, wanted to do the work in the 
community. But, as cost pressure firmed and as a mid-market Payer or a 
small Payer, you don't have the resources to apply technology and so on. 
Then it becomes more important that you look at other opportunities to 
reduce cost, so that you can retain your market share in the market. So 
that we are beginning to see, because like I said, historically, our mid-
market penetration was slow. But right now, as we are approaching more 
of the mid-market clients, they are more open to having conversations. 
 
To your earlier question, it's still not an easy sale, but at least they are 
more open to having those conversations today. 
Chirag Shah: 
Okay. You addressed it in a different way. 
Moderator:  
Chirag, may I request you to re-join the queue? We have a few 
participants waiting for their turn. 
Chirag Shah: 
Yeah, I was just thanking them. Thank you very much. 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Thanks. 
Moderator:  
Thank you so much. We'll take the next question from Pratyush Agarwal 
from White Oak Capital. Pratyush, your line has been unmuted. 
Pratyush Agarwal:  
Yeah, hi. Congrats on a great set of results. I'm sorry earlier those some 
audio issue. So my question is, on the client addition side. So given it's 
taken decades practically to build the current client base that trust the 
engagement. So can you talk about what could be a reasonable result in 
terms of new client addition, say for the next two, three to five years? 
What would you say be a reasonable case for new client addition in terms 
of numbers? 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
That's a good question, Pratyush. It's, I mean, historically also as a 
company, as a division within a larger enterprise, we were not as focused 
on penetrating the mid and small clients, because we were growing 
healthily just with the top Payers. So the focus on the mid and small 
market started in earnest only about three, four years ago. So that's point 
number one. 
 
And to your question, what we've done in the last couple of years is 
indicative of what we think we'll be happy with. Anything between eight 

 
26 
and 12 clients a year is a number that we are targeting. If we manage to 
do better than that, we'll be happier. But that's a number that we are 
targeting to do. 
Pratyush Agarwal:  
Got it. Thank you for that. And to an earlier point you were making in 
terms of engagement. So of our current client base, what are the 
percentage of, let's say, client or opportunities you say where you have a 
clear -- you've demonstrated success engagement trust. And now you 
think, these clients will ramp up in terms of wallet share irrespective of 
overall, let's say client per dollars growing or not in that particular, let's 
say, overall account? 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Okay. I may come across a little arrogant, but other than the clients that 
I've onboarded on the last 12 months or so, I would say I have that rapport 
with every other client. So for us, onboarding a client and giving them the 
experience of what we can deliver in the first 12 to 18 months is sufficient 
to build that trust and relationship for them for us to continue to grow 
with them. 
Pratyush Agarwal:  
Got it. Thank you so much, and best of luck. 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Nilesh Jain from Astute 
Investment Management. Your line has been unmuted. 
Nilesh Jain:  
Thanks for the opportunity. And congratulations for a good number. 
Firstly, I just need one data point. I just wanted to understand, top five 
clients, revenue contribution for this quarter and maybe comparable 
quarter for the last financial year, if you can provide that? 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
I don't have the numbers off hand, but it'd roughly be the same numbers, 
right? It'll be about 80% top five? 
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan: 
Yeah. Top five is 80%. 
Nilesh Jain:  
Okay. So in just to follow-up on that, I was just checking out comparing 
the numbers for FY '23 and FY '24 and for the quarter one. I see, obviously, 
number of client groups has increased from 35 to right now currently 45. 
So there's been addition of around net basis, 10 clients you all have 
added. And in terms of share, if I look at the growth of your top five client 
has been around 11% odd. Balance of the remaining clients, revenue 
contribution has been around 21%. 
 
So just wanted to understand, basically, in the next two, three years, 
where do you see your share of top five clients concentration wise? Like, 
do you expect it to come down to 75%, 70%? So we can see a larger chunk 

 
27 
of growth coming from your new acquisitions or once that you recently 
acquired? 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Yes. I mean, that's the aim. So if you look at our concentration, it's come 
down. At least for the top three, has come down by almost 10 percentage 
points over the last three years. So we are actively targeting the mid and 
small space to grow them faster, to bring the top client concentration 
down. But having said that, like I keep saying the top client still continue 
to grow nearly at double-digits, which makes the job difficult. 
 
But, yeah, in the next, if you're giving me a two, three year time frame, 
we want the top five clients from the 80% to come down somewhere 
between 60% to 65%. 
Nilesh Jain:  
Right. Okay. Interesting. Just to follow-up on that, obviously, everyone 
been asking on the acquisition side. Just wanted to understand, what 
could be the case, if you're losing a client, what could be the possible 
reason? Is it your end of the contract that's not getting renewed? Then 
what could be the possible reason if you're losing a X client? 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Yeah. So the contract not getting renewed is very, very rare. So there been 
one or two instances where, at some point, the client has decided to take 
the work in in-house. And that typically happens when a client is only 
working with me in the U.S. So if, for whatever reason, they didn't want 
to offshore, they work with me in the U.S., then sometimes, in one or two 
cases, they've taken the work back. 
 
But and we've not had too many client losses. The only other reason we 
may lose a client is if the client decides to opt out of a segment that we 
are supporting them on. So for example, we had a client in 2022, and we 
were supporting them on the exchange business. And the client the next 
year decided to exit the exchange business completely. So that's one 
reason we lost all the clients. 
 
And, otherwise, if part of that business that we are supporting gets 
acquired and the acquirer doesn't want to continue to work with us. 
That's happened in a couple of cases. But organically, like I said, when a 
contract ends, not renewing the contract with us, especially in the top 10, 
15 clients, it's not happened. 
Unidentified Analyst:  
Okay. Thank you, and I wish you all the best. 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from Radhika Mittal from Avendus. 
Your line has been unmuted. Radhika? 

 
28 
Radhika Mittal:  
Thank you for the opportunity, and congratulations on a great set of 
numbers. I just wanted to ask, as a result of the company's strategy in 
focusing on smaller mid-market clients, is this something that will be 
margin accretive, simply on a perspective that these smaller clients will 
have lower negotiating power? So will revenue charge, let's say, per FTE 
improve? 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
From a pure pricing point of view, Radhika, I don't think that'll happen. 
Even though we may not have a negotiating power and we are unlikely to 
be the sole contender for the business. So there'll still be a competitive 
situation. While overall, you're right, in terms of, they're not as mature an 
outsourcer like a large Payer word. But I still don't think it'll be a very 
meaningful difference in terms of pricing. 
 
But having said that, the opportunity to generate efficiencies and the ease 
with which we can get permissions to do that, we believe is a lot higher 
with mid-market clients, because there's a lot of protocols and red tape 
that you need to go through with large clients before you can, implement 
any efficiency initiatives. 
Radhika Mittal:  
Got it. Thank you. Congratulations and all the best. 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
That was the last question for today. I would like to hand over the forum 
to the management for their closing comments. 
Ramesh Gopalan:  
Thank you. I hope, all of your questions have been addressed. In case, you 
have any further questions, feel free to write to the Investor Relations 
team. And thank you for your support in the IPO and later. And we look 
forward to connecting with all of you after the next quarter results. Thank 
you. 
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you members of the management. On behalf of Sagility India 
Limited, this concludes the webinar. Thank you for joining us, and you may 
now log off Zoom. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company 
takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
