-I"· 
· 
P'VIlR' 
ENGINEERING & INDUSTRIES LTD. 
'" +91 1204308000 
til +91120431-1010/11 
e www.trivenigroup.com 
By E-filing 
Date: 12th November, 2024 
REF'TEIL'SE' 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
PJ. Tower, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
MUMBAI - 400 001 
MUMBAI - 400 051 
Thru: BSE Listing Centre 
Thru; NEAPS 
STOCK CODE: 532356 
STOCK CODE: TRIVENI 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/ Investor Conference Call held on 6th November, 2024 
Dear Sirs, 
Pursuant to Regulation 46 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed 
transcript of the Analyst! Investor Conference Call held on 6th November, 2024 post 
announcement of unaudited financial results of the Company for the Q2 & HI FY25 
ended on September 30, 2024. The transcript is also available on the website of the 
Company at: www.trivenigroup.com 
You are requested to kindly take the same in your record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Triveni Engineering & Industries Ltd. 
GEETABHALLA 
Group Vice President & 
Company Secretary 
M.No.A9475 
Enci: As above 
Corporate Office: 81h Floor. Express Trade Towers, Plot 15 & 16, Sector 1,6-A, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201301, India. 
Registered Office: .A!-44, Hosiery Complex, Phase-II Extension, Noida-201 305, Uttar Pradesh. CIN No.: L 15421 UP1932PLC02217 4 
GEETA 
BHALLA
Digitally signed 
by GEETA BHALLA 
Date: 2024.11.12 
18:28:02 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
Triveni Engineering & Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY 25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 06, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Triveni Engineering & 
Industries Limited Q2 and H1 FY 25 Earnings Conference Call. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Rishab Barar from CDR India. Thank you, and over to 
you, Mr. Barar. 
 
Rishab Barar: 
Thank you. Good day, everyone, and a warm welcome to all of you participating 
in the Triveni Engineering & Industries Q2 and H1 FY 25 earnings conference 
call. We have with us today, Mr. Tarun Sawhney, Vice Chairman and Managing 
Director; Mr. Suresh Taneja, Group CFO; Mr. Sameer Sinha, CEO of Sugar 
Business Group; as well as other members of the senior management team. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and a statement of this effect has 
been included in the invite, which was shared with everyone earlier. I would also 
like to emphasize that while this call is open to all invitees, it may not be 
broadcasted or reproduced in any form or manner. We will commence the call 
with opening remarks from the management following an interactive question-
and-answer session. 
 
May I now hand it over to Mr. Tarun Sawhney. Over to you, sir. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Thank you, Rishab. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the 
Q2 / H1 FY 25 earnings conference call for Triveni Engineering & Industries 
Limited. Our revenues from operations for the half year stood at ₹2,792 crore, 
an increase of 7.1%, with a PBT of ₹11.5 crore and a PAT of ₹8.6 crore. 
 
Some of the key highlights in the Sugar business were that the profitability in Q2 
/ H1 remains subdued as there were no manufacturing operations during the 
quarter, and all off-season expenses have been expensed off during this period. 
The Alcohol business includes the impact of the shortage of molasses-based 
captive feedstock arising from the policy decisions of the Government of India, 
which regulated the diversion of sugar to B-heavy molasses and sugarcane juice 
in the previous season and the high procurement cost of maize. 
 
The crushing season for Sugar Season 2024-25 has commenced at four of our 
units with one unit of ours at Khatauli having started operations before Diwali. 
We have completed the highest ever quarterly Alcohol sales of 5.62 crore litres, 
which is an increase of 9% over corresponding period during the period under 
review. And the results of the Company also include ₹12.4 crore loss pertaining 
to the recently acquired subsidiary, Sir Shadi Lal Enterprises. 
 
Looking at the highlights of the Engineering business. I am delighted to report 
that the Power Transmission business has witnessed a 30% plus increase in 
revenues during Q2 FY 25 and crossing of a quarterly turnover of ₹100 crore for 

 
Page 2 of 15 
 
the first time in the history of this business. The business reported 57.8% 
increase in order booking and a record closing order book of ₹345 crore in Q2 
FY 25, which has improved by 22.5% over the corresponding period. 
 
The Defence business received a prestigious order during the quarter under 
review for propulsion shafting valued at ₹33.8 crore for Mazagon Dock 
Shipbuilders Limited at the year. The Water business also saw improved 
performance during Q2 with order booking aggregating ₹450-odd crore, 
including new EPC projects for Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam at Prayagraj and the 
Rajasthan Urban Drinking Water Sewerage & Infrastructure Corporation 
Limited, which is also known as RUDSICO in Jaipur. 
 
During the Board meeting that was concluded yesterday, the Board of Directors 
approved a capex of approximately ₹20 crore for the enhancement of the 
production capacity of the Indian Made Indian Liquor (IMIL) business of the 
Company. 
 
Looking at the balance sheet, on a consolidated basis, our net debt after 
considering surplus funds is ₹418.8 crore as on the 30th of September 
compared to ₹101 crore as on the similar date in the previous year. The overall 
cost of funds stood at 6.7% vs. 5.8% in the previous corresponding period, 
reflecting what the interest rate regime really is at this particular time across the 
country. 
 
Turning to the business-wise review. Let's start with the Sugar business. And as 
I mentioned, we're all set for the new sugar season and on an overall basis, the 
crop seems healthier due to favourable climatic factors and very importantly, 
due to rigorous cane development activities that have been undertaken by us. 
This includes on-ground management. This includes disease and pest 
eradication, and this includes a vast array of extension services, which has taken 
place at a level that was frankly unprecedented. We've really done quite a lot of 
work across all of these areas during the off season and in the onset of this 
sugar season. 
 
This year, our focus in the Sugar business has continued towards a variety of 
substitutions, improving crop health and enhancing yield and recovery through 
active farmer engagement. And it is that varietal substitution away from the 0238 
variety and looking at similar at comparable varieties that offer yield and 
recovery that is going to drive the growth for this business over the next few 
years. We believe a healthy plant crop, focused crop management along with 
continued investments towards debottlenecking, enhancing the crush rate and 
efficiency improvements will help improve the overall crush and financial position 
of the Sugar business in the season 2024-25. 
 
Further close monitoring of the sugar quality and refined sugar production, which 
is approximately 70-odd percent to ensure superior realizations is also likely to 
aid the revenues and the profitability of the Sugar business. The inventory as of 
the 30th of September 2024 was 20.63 lakh quintals valued at ₹35 per kilo, and 
this was vs. 19 lakh quintals a year ago. The current realizations are broadly 
similar to last year for refined sugar, we are selling at approximately ₹40 per kilo, 
and sulphitation sugar is being sold at lower rates, approximately ₹38.5-38.75 
per kilo. 
 
The domestic industry scenario looks very much the same as what we had 
discussed about three odd months ago. The balance sheet for the nation 
estimates an opening stock on the 1st of October 2024 at about 8.3 million metric 
tonnes. And domestic sales a little higher than what we had forecast at about 
29.4 million metric tonnes. And the closing stock at the end of this year is 
anticipated at about 8.9 million metric tonnes. And this is after considering a 4 

 
Page 3 of 15 
 
million tonne diversion of sugar towards ethanol. These numbers do not look at 
any possible export. 
 
And I will, of course, discuss that possibility in the fourth quarter of the fiscal 
year, at least the deliberation to start with Government in the next quarter. But 
there is ample scope. The message that I would like to begin very clearly is that 
there is ample scope for massive amounts of diverting towards ethanol and 
continued exports and the return of India to the international sugar trade. 
 
Looking at the industry scenario, internationally, the global balance sheet as per 
international reports points to a surplus owing to a better crop across the key 
sugar-producing nations. However, the Brazilian outlook is deteriorating due to 
wildfires and troubling weather conditions. The production is predicted to be in 
the range of 38 million to 39 million tonnes, which is down significantly from 42.5 
million tonnes last year. 
 
And this, of course, if it continues, may then put pressure on the global balance 
sheet and turn the surplus into a potential deficit. So this is a big swing factor we 
will know in the next few months. 
 
International sugar prices, we've seen the New York #11, closed at US 21.9 
cents yesterday, and the London #5 closed at US $566.5 per metric tonne. 
Broadly speaking, we're seeing a period of stability as far as international prices 
are concerned, very much range bound and very attractive for Indian exports. 
At these prices, I think Indian exports are certainly viable and will be a welcome 
break for the sugar industry, where we've seen sort of flattish sugar pricing, if 
we look at the last 12 months vs. the previous corresponding 12 months. 
 
Turning to the Alcohol business. We have welcomed the Government's move to 
lift restrictions pertaining to the use of B-heavy molasses and sugarcane 
juice/syrup for the production of ethanol for this year. But if we look at our 
business, it was adversely affected due to a variety of reasons, four reasons in 
specific. 
 
Number one, the shortage of molasses-based feedstock, which arose squarely 
from the policy decision of the Government of India to restrict the diversion of 
sugar to B-heavy and sugarcane juice. This led very frankly, to a closure of some 
of our distilleries during the last quarter, and therefore, there were some 
unrecovered costs, which added through the losses of this business in the last 
quarter. 
 
There was an increase in the transfer price of B-heavy molasses as well 
internally. The third reason is the higher procurement cost of maize and thereby 
reducing the margins of the maize operations. Now to do a Q-o-Q comparison, 
is not exactly accurate because in the previous periods, a substantial part of 
grain operations comprised of much higher margin Food Corporation of India 
(FCI) rice operations, which were broadly similar to the profitability levels of B-
heavy, just a little bit lower, but broadly similar. 
 
With maize, this was very new, and I have been continuously saying that over 
the last couple of calls, we saw an increase in the maize price for ethanol derived 
from maize. However, that entire increase was captured by the trade, and 
therefore, they left with little room for profitability enhancement for distilleries that 
were operating on maize. 
 
Of course, this was compounded by the fact that the maize crop last year was 
poorer than previous years and poorer than what was anticipated. The crop this 
year, the Kharif and Rabi estimates for the upcoming two seasons are actually 

 
Page 4 of 15 
 
very, very good. We are anticipating higher yields and higher availability and the 
hope is that, that will translate into lower procurement prices. 
 
When we started the campaign, when we looked at UP maize, we looked at 
Bihar maize, we were hopeful to be able to get it approximately ₹22 - ₹23 per 
kilo. However, the eventual procurement price, because the difference was 
absorbed completely by the trade was almost ₹25 - ₹26 per kilo, which was 
prevailing until very recently, until we see the new crop come in and slightly 
lower prices coming in. I think there has been a huge learning experience over 
here as well in terms of stocking, in terms of trading, in terms of actually 
procuring across the various states whenever their crops are harvested, and we 
certainly hope to benefit from the upcoming season. 
 
The fourth point regarding the profitability of the Alcohol business, the adverse 
profitability of the Alcohol business during the quarter under the review was the 
establishment of our IMFL business. In building a brand, as you can appreciate, 
there are certain costs that go in, in terms of establishing the brand. We're very 
happy with the result, let me add, extremely happy with the positive acceptability 
of our 2 new IMFL brands of Matsya and The Crafters Stamp, but it does take 
time, and we are investing vigorously in terms of making this a success. 
 
Alcohol from molasses-based feedstocks, in the quarter under review formed 
50% and in the half year 44% of sales, as against 64% and 65% in the 
corresponding periods of the previous year. And these primarily consist of 
relatively high-margin ethanol. On the other hand, the sales volume of low 
margin ethanol produced from maize operations increased substantially for the 
period under review. 
 
Looking at the domestic industry scenario for the Ethanol Supply Year 2023-24, 
the Oil Marketing Companies (OMCs), as you will recollect, had floated tenders 
of 825 crore litres with a 15% blending target. Till the 6th of October, the OMCs 
have procured just a shade under 600 crore litres out of the total contracted 
quantity of 733 crore litres. And with this procurement, the ethanol produced 
from grain-based feedstocks contributed 57%, approximately 340 crore litres, 
while sugarcane-based feedstocks contributed to the balance 43%, 
approximately 250 crore litres. 
 
The achieved blending percentage on the 6th of October 2024 stood at just a 
shade under 14%. However, it is important to mention that for the last four 
months, the blending percentage nationwide has been to the tune of 
approximately 16%, which is very, very encouraging. 
 
For the Ethanol Supply Year 2024-25, which we've just embarked upon and 
commenced on the 1st of November, the OMCs have invited bids of 916 crore 
litres and allotted 837 crore litres in the first cycle. It's a huge increase. And this 
corresponds to at least a nationwide target of 18%. My personal view is that 
during this year, we will have periods where in certain large states, ethanol-rich 
states, we will see blending at 20% levels this year, which is very encouraging 
for the ethanol blending program. 
 
For Triveni, in the previous years, our split between sugar-derived ethanol and 
grain-derived ethanol was approximately 50:50. For the following year, we're 
looking at a change, and we're looking at the total quantums to be about 60:40, 
60% for sugar and 40% for grain, a higher percentage of sugar. And this is a 
function of our projected performance of our various businesses and the 
quantums of sugarcane-based feedstock that we will have available for the 
Distillery business. 
 

 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Turning towards our Engineering businesses. I'll first cover our Power 
Transmission business, where I had previously mentioned at the start of this call 
that we saw very strong growth across its KPIs. The order booking, which grew 
at 57.8% during the quarter, included prestigious breakthrough orders in the 
gears and defence business. The Company saw good demand for its products, 
including high-technology compressor gearboxes, high-power small hydro 
turbine gearboxes, high-power API, that's oil and gas gearboxes, integrally 
geared compressor gears, etc. 
 
The aftermarket segment is also generating very strong interest from the 
compressor, gas turbine and test rig industries, which is very interesting and 
different to previous quarters and leads us to believe that, that part of the 
business, the aftermarket part of the business is now attracting new customers 
domestically and internationally. 
 
Overall, the business is witnessing very strong growth in exports, driven by 
increased engagement with customers and receiving qualification orders across 
product lines, and I'll cover that a little bit later. The outstanding order book 
reached an all-time high for the Power Transmission business at ₹345 crore on 
the 30th September 2024, which includes some long duration orders of 
approximately ₹105 crore. In the Water business, the revenues declined due to 
the delay in execution of certain projects and the delay in water sub orders where 
we had submitted the lowest bids. The business expects the H2 FY 25 
performance to be better than H1 FY 25. 
 
I would like to mention that the way that we recognise revenues is based on 
completion. We have a very large project that is ongoing in Bangladesh. And as 
you are well aware of the troubles in that country, however, we have now moved 
past that, there was a period of time where the project was getting delayed. Of 
course, that has an impact on our revenue recognition. But we're very comforted 
with, we're certainly very secure in our payments. That is no concern 
whatsoever. But we're comforted that the execution of the project is now back 
on track and underway. 
 
The business has reported a robust order booking during Q2, aggregating to 
approximately ₹450-odd crore, including two new EPC projects for Uttar 
Pradesh Jal Nigam at Prayagraj and the Rajasthan Urban Drinking Water 
Sewerage & Infrastructure Corporation in Jaipur. In the previous quarter, it was 
declared that the Company was placed favourably for a project in Europe. The 
bid evaluation is still continuing at the client’s end and is anticipated to look at 
the letter of award in the near future, we are anticipating that in the near future. 
The outstanding order book as of the 30th of September stood at ₹1,726 crore, 
which included ₹980 crore contracts over a longer period of time. 
 
Turning towards the outlook of our businesses. I'll first cover the Sugar and 
Alcohol business. The industry, and we, at Triveni, keenly await the revision of 
Minimum Selling Price (MSP) of sugar, which is vital for the sustainability of the 
industry. Now as you are well aware, even the Minister for Food yesterday in the 
press has commented that the increase in MSP is something that would happen 
in the very near future. We don't know what that means, but we are hopeful that 
it will happen. And I believe that any increase in MSP, even if it doesn't keep 
pace, with what the cost of production for the country as a whole. But it will have 
a massive positive indication on the market. And I believe that if we rise from the 
31 levels, by any quantum, it will certainly have a good resounding impact in 
terms of improving the base like numbers for sugar for the year going forward. 
The MSP has remained unchanged since 2019. While, as you are well aware, 
the input costs, particularly the FRP and SAP have risen substantially. Revised 
ethanol prices are also awaited, particularly for sugarcane juice and B-heavy 
molasses and maize to improve the viability of these feedstocks. 

 
Page 6 of 15 
 
 
As we march towards 20% ethanol blending, I think it's important for the 
Government to review these prices. Last year, I understand it was an election 
year. We all understand that scenario. And therefore, there was no price revision 
for ethanol at all with one small revision for maize actually. But besides that, 
nothing. 
 
And so now we are anticipating and the industry is keenly awaiting an increase 
in the ethanol prices from the designed feedstocks. We expect that to happen in 
the very, very near future. 
 
If we look towards our other alcohol businesses, we're excited about the IMIL, 
(Indian Made Indian Liquor) and IMFL (Indian Made Foreign Liquor) 
performances of the Company. With respect to the Indian Made Indian Liquor, 
country liquor business, we are now placed within the top five producers within 
the state. This business has only been operating, we're closing out on our third 
year as you're well aware. We are now top five, one of the top five producers in 
the state of Uttar Pradesh, and in the last month, we were amongst the top four 
producers. It is a profitable business and very much in line with what one had 
predicted when we entered into this segment. 
 
As I had mentioned, we are also investing in this business to further enhance 
our profitability and our market share in this segment of country liquor in Uttar 
Pradesh. As far as Indian Made Foreign Liquor is concerned, our sale of two 
brands, Matsya and The Crafters Stamp in Uttar Pradesh has gone very well. 
We've been operating for approximately four months now, and we've seen 
excellent demand across the board in the state and excellent placements as 
well. However, it will require investment in this business, and we are keenly 
awaiting the results over the next few years. The product quality has been 
appreciated by consumers across the board. I will mention that this does take 
time, and we will be supporting the growth of this business as we go forward. 
 
Turning to the outlook of the Engineering businesses. For the Power 
Transmission business, India's economic growth is continuing to provide 
momentum. Their major investments in infrastructure, steel, cement, oil and gas, 
process industries are fuelling growth, and India is becoming an attractive hub 
for global majors. All of this bodes very well for the Power Transmission 
business as a critical supplier of gearboxes. 
 
In addition to the overall economic growth, we have market share gains and 
venturing into new product applications, and these are going to be new drivers 
for the business, both internationally as well as domestically. And international 
markets have offered very high potential. And we're seeing that even now in our 
aftermarket business, which is what we refer to as our retrofitting business in 
our existing installations. So that's very, very encouraging to see from 
international locations. We've received over the quarter, a select number of 
qualification orders. These are very, very important orders with customers. On 
the back of that, many new orders get business, this is just a part and parcel of 
the process of attracting new customers and new OEMs. And so we're very 
happy for those orders as they get commissioned and the test results coming, 
we will then, of course, move into regular supplies from these OEMs. 
 
The focus has been an OEM qualification and on end-user qualification as well. 
As a result, we have received some critical orders in the API segment from oil 
and gas customers in the Middle East, this is very encouraging. We have a long 
way to go, but the business has invested in people and in presence, etc, in global 
marketing as well. And all of that bodes very well for the business going forward. 
There has also been a more deliberate focus on Research and Development at 
the Power Transmission business with initiatives on further improvements on 

 
Page 7 of 15 
 
efficiency, setting global standards on those parameters and on the 
development of new products for our customers. 
 
In the Defence business, the business expects increased order booking from 
key segments going forward, well progressed quite substantially, and we're very 
encouraged by the orders that we have recently achieved. We're anticipating 
disclosure of certain tenders over the next two quarters as well. I hope to come 
back to you with more positive news on that front. 
 
Turning to the Water business. The business anticipates a surge in business 
opportunities and new funding is expected to flow both from Central and State 
Governments post the elections, including the state elections as well. I think that 
is now very, very clear. We're seeing massive activities, massive conversations, 
etc. Due to the significant gap between demand and current availability of water 
and wastewater treatment plant, the water segment has a positive outlook, and 
we believe it offers significant opportunities going forward in the immediate few 
quarters as well as beyond. 
 
The new opportunities are emerging in recycled, reuse or zero liquid discharge 
kinds of businesses on EPC as well as HAM models wherever industries are 
available as off-takers to buy treated sewage. And this is a model that is going 
to create significant opportunities for us going forward. The Company is also 
evaluating various international opportunities and intends to participate in 
several tenders in the water and wastewater treatment market wherever we 
possess pre-qualifications and the funding is ensured by multilateral and reputed 
agencies. 
 
In conclusion, we look forward to a much-improved performance in the 
upcoming sugar season. There's a positive outlook for realisations and 
profitability in the Sugar and Alcohol business with a firm expectation from the 
Government in terms of policy changes, revision in pricing and a return to 
quicker decision-making like we've experienced over the last 10-odd years. We 
remain very well placed in our Engineering businesses, both domestically and 
internationally for both businesses. And I think that over the course of this fiscal 
year, etc, you will see good results coming in for both those businesses. 
 
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. We'll now open the floor for 
questions. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Sudarshan Padmanabhan from JM Financial 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: Thank you for taking my questions and thanks for the elaborate discussion and 
the introduction on sub-division. My question is today, when I see your numbers 
for the first half, it largely reflects something like a rearview mirror of what has 
happened in the past. And if I look at specifically both and just combining the 
sugar and distillery together, given that there is a common feed in terms of cane. 
See today, the last couple of years, we've seen a lot of SAP price increase, FRP 
price increases. We are due for a revision in ethanol prices also MSP revision 
as far as the sugar is concerned. Sir, how confident are we given that last year, 
the Government prioritized elections over probably ethanol production that the 
Government is going to be serious in terms of making ethanol remunerative at 
least profitable enough for players or stakeholders to participate. I mean that's 
one. 
 
And second is if I can understand a little bit more from a policy perspective as 
well as strategy on using maize or FCI rice, because my understanding is 

 
Page 8 of 15 
 
typically when we bid for a maize, the raw material prices are volatile. But you 
have a cap on the prices in which you can sell ethanol. Is there a thought process 
from the Government or your own thought process with respect to strategy 
where we can actually try to circumvent it given that we had a bad or a learning 
experience? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
I couldn't agree more with your comment, and I'm happy to respond to the 
questions. Yes, it is always a rearview mirror. If I have to be perfectly honest, 
this is the first half year in many, many, many years where we've had less than 
what we would have wanted to deliver results that we would have wanted to 
deliver much better results. And this was very squarely actually driven by 
Government policy in most respects. 
 
Now the industry associations are very actively engaged with the Government, 
both the sugar and distillery associations in terms of enhancement of prices of 
ethanol. But there are a few important things to remember. I'll cover both parts, 
both the sugar aspect as well as the distillery aspect as well and then move into 
the feedstocks. But from the sugar aspect, we had an impact of disease pretty 
much across North India, not just in Uttar Pradesh, but across North India. As 
you had seriously adverse climatic conditions, 45 days / 6 weeks of no sunshine 
in the winter, no rains, etc. And now all of this is a very finely balanced sword, 
because if you have too much rain, that's also a problem in the winter. If you 
don't have enough, then that's also a problem. So there's a very fine balancing 
factor. But sunshine is something that is undeniable. It is essential for the 
formation of sucrose in sugarcane. And the lack of that was a big problem. The 
hope, of course is, we can't predict what the forecast weather was going to be 
in January, in February and March. But the hope is and the Skymet data, which 
we track very, very rigorously suggests that we will have a normal winter period. 
 
As you have already seen in North India, we have had the hottest October in 
many, many years. You've already seen that data. November has already seen 
some of the coolest days and North India reporting some of the coolest days 
already. What that means is that the RTD value, the difference between the 
highs and lows of the day, which is essential for sucrose formation is actually 
rapidly. It's going on in spades right now. We're very happy with what is 
happening especially across Western Uttar Pradesh. 
 
Factories have started and the yields look promising, it looks better than last 
year. The incidence of maize is vastly reduced. It is eradicated at most of the 
factories. At one plant, there is still some disease but it has come down 
absolutely enormously. But by and large, the plant sugarcane, ratoon and plant 
crop looks extremely good across our sugar belt. Now that's point one, that 
means that you will have more feedstock available for your distilleries. Now 
coming towards grain because we will absorb all of our sugarcane-based 
feedstock, and then we have further space to process grain. FCI rice is now not 
available for conversion into ethanol. That has been banned. You can only get 
damaged food grains at a lower ethanol price. We have not been buying 
damaged food grain. And so that comparable does not really exist. As far as 
maize is concerned, yes, the last six months was a great learning experience. 
And from that learning experience, I will share some short-term and medium-
term goals. 
 
In the short-term, I mentioned that we are expecting both the upcoming Kharif 
and Rabi crops to be better than what had happened last year. As a result with 
higher quantums available and some imports of maize happening, which will 
probably go into animal feed. The availability of maize will increase. And 
therefore, you will see some softening of prices. How much of that softening is 
yet uncertain, because this market is evolving. It's a brand-new market. The 
trade in maize has never been as active as it has been and the number of people 

 
Page 9 of 15 
 
that are involved in all elements, right from farm to procurement to logistics to 
transportation, etc, it's just suddenly emerged that's one. 
 
The second and most important thing, and you've seen this the Honourable 
Prime Minister also in his Independence Day speech, pointed towards two new 
seed varieties of maize and you'll see that these varieties are intended in the 
very medium term to enhance the overall productivity of maize across the 
country, which is approximately 3 metric tonnes by hectare in India, whereas 
global standards are between 7 - 9 metric tonnes depending on where you are. 
We can very easily jump to 6 metric tonnes, looking even at non-GMO seeds 
and the ones that have been released. 
 
And so that, of course, massively enhances the availability of the grain for the 
distillation sector. I think this combination of events is something that will add to 
the profitability. On one hand, we're looking at price enhancement. On the other 
hand, we are looking at lowering your cost of production through better 
procurement prices of your feedstock as well as more systematic and sustained 
operations at your plants. If you operate it in a sustained manner for 330-odd 
days, and you are optimal performance parameters as well. 
 
The other very important thing for Triveni, if we move in our product mix. Last 
year, we were at 50-50 between sugar and grain. And this year, we're now 
looking at migrating to about 60-40. 
 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: Can you give some colour on what is the quantum of price increase constantly, 
especially from the ethanol side or different grades given that there has been an 
increase in SAP, but not an increase in the ethanol prices for a long time? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
No, the increase in SAP was last year. With respect to this year, one is hopeful 
that there will be no change in SAP in the state of the Uttar Pradesh. But as far 
as ethanol pricings are concerned, I would not like to harbour a guess at this 
particular point. The associations are in active discussions with the Government. 
There have been innumerable representations that have been made, and we're 
hopeful for a positive outcome. But to hang my hat on a particular number, it's 
something that I would be unwilling at this point. 
 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: One final question before I join the queue is, we also have a very interesting and 
growing Alcohol business in IMIL and IMFL. The thought process is given last 
year was we are seeing a little bit of a challenge in the maize procurement. Is 
there a possibility at some point of time where we can switch completely to 
Alcohol, I mean to IMIL and IMFL and probably not necessarily participate in the 
non-cane based ethanol. Is that an option which is possible? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
I'm afraid, your question I haven't fully understood, but I'll try and answer it. Now 
the quantum of total alcohol, whether it be ENA or ethanol that we produce is 
very, very substantial. Last quarter we produced almost 4 crore litres. So to 
convert that into alcohol, the demand doesn't exist, our IMIL and IMFL brands 
can't absorb that quantum at all. 
 
We will definitely be producing ethanol as well. However, both the liquor 
businesses, the portable liquor businesses are growing. IMFL is very new. It's 
only 3-4 months old. IMIL is also reasonably new, but established and profitable 
within three years, which is exactly what we had thought, and it has led to 
massive encouragement of our other team in IMFL, that we know how to make 
excellent products. 
 
And now it is about marketing that product gaining market share, getting those 
placements, investing in the business and getting repeat customers in orders. 
We've demonstrated that in IMIL and we're very encouraged about our IMFL 

 
Page 10 of 15 
 
business and the products we have at this particular point in time. But I think we 
will always be using sugarcane-based feed stocks, because you always have 
molasses in some form. We'll always use that for generation of alcohol in all 
probability ethanol. And of course, we have large distillation capacity, so we will 
also be using grain. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Nitin Awasthi from 
InCred Research. Please go ahead. 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Hello, my question was related to the liquor business that we have entered. One, 
because of the investments you're making in the liquor business, will we start 
reporting it separately, because I think that will be the right thing to do. When I 
say that, I mean the IMIL business and the IMFL business. Will it be categorically 
reported separately? And have we put out a plan of how much investment is 
going to go in this business, because one thing is producing these products, 
especially in the IMFL segment, and the other thing is marketing the product. 
And this over year, the marketing expenses, at least in the initial years will be 
substantial compared to production expenses, etc. Have we put out a plan on 
that line? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
One good suggestion and one good question. And I'll be brutally honest. At this 
point, we are not separately reporting our potable liquor businesses vs. our 
overall alcohol business. However, once we have the size, of course, we will 
certainly take your views and report it independently. At this point, as I had 
mentioned, to the previous gentleman, these businesses are very new. The 
IMFL business is four months old, and the IMIL business is completing its third 
year. They're really in their inception of this particular point. It will be unfair on 
them for us to report them separately. But I can share with you from time-to-time 
on these calls, etc, the performance. And the performance is that in IMFL we're 
investing in placement, brand building, etc. And in IMIL, we are profitable and 
reasonably profitable. And we are expanding and investing further in that 
business for profitable growth. Last month, we were in the top four in Uttar 
Pradesh, competing against giants who've been in this business for a very long 
time. We're a very new industry entrant in country liquor, but we're very hopeful 
for positive changes in state policy with respect to pricing. And in terms of adding 
our capacity going forward, large additions to capacity for the IMIL business. 
That is with respect to point one. 
 
The second question that you had with respect to the budgets of both 
businesses, no, we have not disclosed it. Of course, these are all board 
approved and board sanctioned numbers, but we have not disclosed this to the 
stock exchanges at this particular point in time for a variety of reasons. First and 
foremost, being that we are a new entrant, this is a stage of infancy for these 
businesses, and it is competitive data that it is not prudent actually to be able to 
disclose these numbers at this particular point in time. 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Understood. The second question was there has been talk about a levy, similar 
to the levy on molasses, which is happens in Uttar Pradesh, happening on the 
green ethanol front. Could you comment on that? Is that already in works? Is 
that already happening? Or is it on the planning stage? Or is it an absurd idea 
which you not fructify? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
I think it's a rumour. To our knowledge, there is no work on this on the ground at 
all. 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Okay. Understood. Lastly, on the ethanol orders that you have received, could 
you give us the absolute number of what has been received by you out of the 
837 crore litres, which was given out and in which route are they? 
 

 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Sameer Sinha: 
We have got orders of about ₹20 crore with us already. And that's about all. And 
the product mix, as we have mentioned, would be the 60-40 product mix going 
forward, and we also have the option of switching between feedstocks and from 
distilleries. So that's a good flexibility that we have. 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Understood. Thank you. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Actually, I'll just add to that comment. The fact that we have a lot of fungible 
capacity to move between feedstocks at Triveni will give us, because this is the 
first time that the tender is allowed fungibility of supply, changing your feedstock 
in your tendered quantity. And that we will hopefully be able to maximize our 
profitability based on whatever the ethanol pricing numbers are. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shailesh Kanani from Centrum 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
A couple of questions from my side. Can you throw some numbers with respect 
to our dependence upon 0238 variety for this season? How has it panned or 
how has it been doing lower than vis-a-vis last year? 
 
Sameer Sinha: 
Last year, we were around 75%, and we have come to around 50% this year, 
and we expect a substantial reduction going forward next year. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay. But still, it is one of the significant variety for our crop and how confident 
in light of that data, how confident we are the yields turnaround will be better, 
given that it is affected by red rot? 
 
Sameer Sinha: 
There are three or four answers to that. One is that what we have observed is 
that wherever there was water logging last year led to a huge increase of red 
rot. And we have substituted the seeds in those factories in West UP, many of 
our factories are on upland area, there has been no water logging. 
 
Third is we have a very intensive surveillance going on for early detection of 
disease and it's curative actions to be taken over there. These are the three 
important things. And in the other areas where this is existing in, let's say, 50-
plus proportions, we haven't seen any great incidences so far. And these all are 
in West UP, very close to Delhi, on the western portion of West UP. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
It's suffice to say that we are confident of at least a single-digit growth in terms 
of crushing numbers for this season? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
We are very confident of better yields and recoveries. I would like to say that the 
experience, this is the comment that the first speaker made about the rear-view 
mirror, the real time to be able to give you... Yes, we're very confident right now 
that our crush and recoveries will be better this year. However, to put a very fine 
number, I would like to give you a more accurate number when we speak next 
in January or early February. At that particular point, we will have finished the 
ratoon crop, and we will have started on the plant crop. We will add the vast 
majority of data with us halfway through the season. And that is the appropriate 
time to be able to give you exactly better things. And we will also have seen four 
weeks of weather in January, which is absolutely vital for future recoveries, the 
recoveries in February and March and April. But as of now, yes, the crop is 
looking much better. The yields are looking much better, much healthier. The 
quantum of disease is massively, massively reduced from last year. It is only 
really present in one factory in small areas. We have a little bit of water logging 
in another factory, but all the other plants are doing very, very well. 
 
I'll give you some estimates. I mean we're looking at projected yields starting off 
from East Uttar Pradesh, factory at Ramkola of about 550 quintals per hectare 

 
Page 12 of 15 
 
much improved from the previous year. Huge difference from the previous year. 
At Khatauli, while looking at a shade of about, say, 770 quintals per hectare, 
which is very, very encouraging as well. And the ratoon yields for Shamli, which 
is the factory that we acquired Sir Shadi Lal Enterprises is between 825 and 
850. So probably the highest in Uttar Pradesh, in fact, definitely the highest in 
Uttar Pradesh. It's looking good at the start business. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Fair enough, that's very helpful. Sir, a couple of questions both on my side. Do 
we need to revise our ethanol guidance, which we had shared earlier of around 
excess of 21 crore litres for FY 25 as we are kind of nearly completed our old 
stock or we stick to our guidance of 21 crore litres? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Will be broadly in that range. I don't think we're going to be reducing the 
guidance as of yet. It's within the parameters of plus/minus 5%. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Just last question, to your mind, what is delaying the process of ethanol price 
revision when we have that linked to the cost of production or to the price of that 
as established in the policy document. To your mind, what is creating this delay 
in revision of ethanol prices? and also similarly, what is kind of obstacle for 
Government to release the FCI rice as we keep on reading in media reports that 
the crop is bumper with them and FCI is already flooded with surplus of the stock 
vis-a-vis the normal stock what they have. To your mind, what is the obstacle 
over there? and any timeline, if you can share these two things, the 
development, positive developments coming in? That will be great, sir. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
I'm afraid I don't have good news or an answer, good answer for you as far as 
the timing of the prices. We've actually been eagerly anticipating it. We've been 
following what the associations have been doing with respect to price. Very 
difficult to ascertain when that price will happen. I know that we had Diwali 
festival period. The hope is that we will see this sooner rather than later. With 
respect to FCI rice, yes, of course, I'm reading the same news articles that you 
are reading. However, this is a policy decision and shift by the Government of 
India.  
 
I don't know, if the availability… It's a great shame because with rice, as I 
mentioned earlier, the profitability levels, especially our fixed price procurement 
was outstanding. It was very good for the distillery business because it became 
a tolling business. You bought at a fixed price, you convert it and you sold at a 
fixed price as well. It's an outstanding business model for a large conversion 
facility. But vs. maize where one hand is not tied than in the back as you're 
procuring in an open market, you're then at the mercy of a huge load of other 
factors. However, will the availability of rice suddenly change for the ethanol 
industry. Again, a million-dollar question. I would not like to comment on that 
really. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikram Vilas Suryavanshi from 
PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Vikram Vilas Suryavanshi: Good afternoon. I think some of the questions already answered. But just giving 
an uncertainty on maize side and grade, how is our plan for asset expansion 
from 860 to 1,100 KLPD? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Right. As you will recollect, and I said this for the last few quarters, we were 
waiting for a revision of prices to be able to make that decision. And if the 
revision was adequate so that we were ensured our rate of return, we would go 
ahead and take the project of course and go ahead and execute it. As you know, 
the environmental provisions and other provisions have already been secured 
by Triveni for that expansion of that new plant. And so the decision to set up that 
new facility is predicated only on returns. 

 
Page 13 of 15 
 
 
And we've just been discussing over the last 45 minutes or so, we don't know 
when those price increases really happened. Last year, there was no price 
increase. And therefore, we kept our finger on the pause button. As of now, our 
finger is still on the pause button because I don't know what those price 
increases are and the commensurate rate of return for that plant. At this 
particular point in time, we are keeping that plant on pause, the expansion to 
1,110 KLPD on pause. However, we're reviewing it actively. We're crunching 
our numbers actively. It is purely a financial decision. 
 
Vikram Vilas Suryavanshi: Okay. But in that decision, will the viability of maize as one single raw material 
sufficient decision to take that decision or you will wait for actions, including all 
other FCI rice, damaged food grain to take that decision? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
I think it really depends on what the increase and what the mechanism is. In the 
last increase of maize, that entire increase was absorbed by the trade, the prices 
went up from ₹22-₹23 a kilo to ₹26 a kilo overnight, completely eradicating all 
the margin that was available. The Government is fully aware that this is what 
happened. I don't know what they will come up with the mechanisms, etc, 
ensuring continued profitability because we're not the only converters of maize 
into ethanol, there's huge quantums I mentioned that 57% of ethanol. The vast 
majority of that 57%, 340 crore litres came from maize. It's impacting a very large 
number of people across the nation. 
 
And so as that profitability matrix changes yes, we will see it. If it is to be a grain-
based plant only, then we will only look at that grain pricing. If it is multi-feed, 
then we will look at multi-feed, but those decisions depend on the price increase 
by the Government of India, and then we will be in a better position to take that 
decision. But we're ready to take that decision instantly, that I will leave with you. 
 
Vikram Vilas Suryavanshi: Understood. And just last question on cane side. Obviously, you said that normal 
winter and probably a recovery happening. But now B-heavy and juice is 
allowed, what would be typical mix from ethanol we will produce once a juice 
and B-heavy from sugar side? Or in coming season? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
As far as the overall tender is concerned, I think that data is all publicly available. 
As far as Triveni is concerned, I've already shared during the course of this call 
that we expect the split to change from 50:50, which is sugar and grain to 60:40 
sugar and grain. 
 
Vikram Vilas Suryavanshi: No, my question was within sugar, what would be mix of B-heavy and juice? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
I think it's too early for us to tell right now. As we had mentioned during the call, 
all of this is fungible. We can switch between feedstocks and this tender allows 
us to switch between feedstocks. For us to share with you the exact portions of 
which particular feedstock in sugar will be misleading, and I don't want to do that 
at this point. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line Souresh Pal from KRSP Capital Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Souresh Pal: 
My question is regarding our recent acquisition of Sir Shadi Lal. What are our 
plans regarding Sir Shadi Lal? And when do we think that this company can post 
a PAT positive number or anything regarding the capex or the land bank that is 
available with Sir Shadi Lal? That's my question. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Okay. Let me talk, yes, of course, on the 20th of June is when we have taken 
over management control of Sir Shadi Lal Enterprises. The factory will start its 
commercial, will start its operations at some point next week very much in line 

 
Page 14 of 15 
 
with our predictions, etc. We've had a good amount of work and repair and 
maintenance that has happened at the Sugar facility at Sir Shadi Lal. 
 
With respect to any disposal of assets of the Company, there has been no 
discussion of that at all amongst the Board, the new Board of Sir Shadi Lal and 
this is the best of my knowledge, it is a separate listed company as you're very 
well aware. And as a 60-plus percent shareholder of Sir Shadi Lal Enterprises 
and a group company of Triveni Engineering, we're very hopeful that we will turn 
this business around very, very quickly. 
 
The last quarter and the loss that is reflected in our results of TEIL for the quarter 
under review. This is a quarter where there's no production. There's absolutely 
no production, and there was very little sugar that was left with Sir Shadi Lal. All 
of what was left was sold and the funds were utilised and therefore, that resulted 
in a loss at that level. But we're very hopeful that this will turn around very, very 
quickly. This season is expected to be a good turnaround season for that 
business. 
 
Souresh Pal: 
What you are saying that this quarter, I mean, quarter two, there was no 
production operation that happened in this company, and you are going to start 
operation of production from next week. Is that right? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
That's right. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Shah from Mesh Stock 
Brokers Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Aditya Shah: 
My question is regarding Triveni subsidiary, Sir Shadi Lal Enterprises. My 
question, in particular, is about the distillery business. What are you looking at 
for margin improvement? And do you all have any plans for scaling capacity or 
venturing into, let's say, IMIL or IMFL in the future? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
I think we're exploring it. The distillery at the Sir Shadi Lal Enterprises was in 
terrible conditions when we took over management control requiring a 
reasonable amount of capex in order to be able to let it operate at the efficiencies 
that the Triveni distilleries operate at. As a result, we're still examining this 
business in terms of when we start the operations of this business. But it will 
require a certain amount of capex for it to be able to operate efficiently. 
 
Aditya Shah: 
Okay, all right. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shailesh Kanani from Centrum 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Just one last listing question from my side. Are you contemplating any further 
capex in any other business lines like CBG or anything on that if you can throw 
some light and that would be everything from my side. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Wonderful. So the only capex that has been approved by the Board in its board 
meeting yesterday was ₹20-odd crore for the IMIL business. Besides that, we 
are not contemplating any further capex at this particular point in time. You 
mentioned CBG, I will then take a lead from that and share with you that Press 
Mud prices, loose Press Mud prices have gone through the roof. In West Uttar 
Pradesh, they are well above ₹50 per quintal. It's a massive increase from last 
year on a by-product, almost maybe a 100% increase in certain plants. 
 
The viability then if that is being used only for CBG is a little bit under question 
in my books because you need to be able to balance the feedstock price with 
your end product price. At this point, I'm just sharing some data points with you. 

 
Page 15 of 15 
 
But at this particular point, we have not contemplated any additional capex. 
During my opening remarks, I had said that as a firm, we will continue to improve 
debottleneck and continue to improve operations, etc. 
 
We will see during the course of this season, the capex that we have done during 
the off season, we will see the returns because every single capex had an 
associated return and the performance of that we will know better by January, 
once the season is at least a few months underway. And then we'll be in a better 
position to see if we do some more tinkering at the sugar plants in the form of 
limited but small capex in the off season. As of now, there is no plan. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Sir, just a small follow-up and clarity, more on the price side, what was the hike, 
what was the price of press mud you said? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Over ₹50 per quintal. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay. And where is this demand coming for Press Mud for this 100% increase. 
Any idea on that? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
We're selling to traders. We're very happy wherever they're taking it. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Over to you, sir. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for joining us for the Q2 FY 25 
results call for Triveni Engineering & Industries Limited. The last quarter and half 
year has been more challenging. But the future looks extremely promising 
across all the businesses. I'm very hopeful that the Sugar season will be 
substantially better vs. last year. The start has been very good. The signs are 
extremely good. As a result, we will have more feedstock, better quality 
feedstock, etc for feeding into the Distillery business, which will do well. Within 
that, both the branded liquor businesses of country liquor (IMIL) and IMFL 
continue to do well, and we are hopeful that they will spur very positive financial 
performance for the Company. On the Engineering side, both Power 
Transmission as well as Water are looking extremely positive at this particular 
point, and I'm looking forward to our next conversation in three months, but I 
hope to come back with even more positive news for all the businesses. Thank 
you very much, and have a good day. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is the output of transcribing from an audio recording and has been edited for clarity, consistency 
with published information. Although efforts have been made to ensure a high level of accuracy, in some cases it may be 
incomplete or inaccurate due to inaudible passages or transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility for such 
inaccuracies or errors. It is compiled as an aid to understanding the proceedings of the event but should not be treated 
as an authoritative record.  
