 
 
 
 
November 19, 2024 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Code: 532321 
BSE LIMITED 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
              Code: ZYDUSLIFE 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai-400051 
 
Sub: 
Transcript of the post results earnings call held on November 12, 2024 pursuant to 
regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”)  
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the Listing Regulations, please find attached the 
transcript of the Company’s Q2 FY25 post results earnings call held on November 12, 2024. 
 
Please find the same in order. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 
DHAVAL N. SONI 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
DHAVAL 
NARENDRA SONI
Digitally signed by 
DHAVAL NARENDRA SONI 
Date: 2024.11.19 12:55:06 
+05'30'

 
1 of 22 
 
 
 
 
 
“Zydus Lifesciences Limited Q2 FY25  
Post Results Earnings Call” 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
DR. SHARVIL PATEL - MANAGING DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. GANESH NAYAK - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. NITIN PAREKH - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ZYDUS 
LIFESCIENCES LIMITED  
 
MR. ARVIND BOTHRA - HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS, ZYDUS 
LIFESCIENCES LIMITED  
                                           MR. ALOK GARG - MD OFFICE, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
2 of 22 
 
Ganesh Nayak: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to our post 
results teleconference for the quarter ended September 30th, 
2024. For today’s call, we have with us Dr. Sharvil Patel, Managing 
Director, Mr. Nitin Parekh, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Arvind 
Bothra, Head of Investor Relations and Mr. Alok Garg from the 
Managing Director’s Office. Let me now give you a broad overview 
of the developments during the quarter.  
I am happy to inform you that we delivered strong double-digit 
growth during the quarter on the back of sustained growth across 
all our key businesses. Our India branded formulations business 
continued to outgrow the market with 10% year on year growth 
driven by healthy volumes and contributions from new products. 
The consumer wellness business continued to see robust demand 
in all categories. The US formulations business continued its 
upward journey with a robust year on year growth driven by 
volume expansion and new products launched over the last 12 
months. The international formulations business comprising of the 
emerging markets and Europe, also delivered strong growth on 
the back of resilient demand across markets during the quarter.  
With that, let me take you through the financial numbers for the 
quarter gone by. We registered consolidated revenues of Rs.52.4 
bn, up 20% on a year-on-year basis. EBITDA for the quarter was 
14.6 bn rupees with a growth of 28% on a year-on-year basis. Our 
operating profitability continued to improve as the EBITDA margin 
for the quarter stood at 27.9%, which is an improvement of 170 
basis points on a year-on-year basis. Improvement in EBITDA 
margin was despite 185 basis points year on year increase in our 
R&D spend. Net profit for the quarter has gone up by 14% on a 
year-on-year basis despite increase in tax expenses due to certain 
one-offs and stood at 9.1 bn rupees. We had a net cash position of 
25.9 bn rupees as at 30th September 2024 as against the net cash 
of 8.6 bn rupees as at 31st March 2024. 
Now let me take you through the operating highlights for the 
second quarter of FY25 for our key business segments. Our India 
geography, which comprises of formulations and consumer 
wellness businesses, accounted for 38% of the total revenues 
during the quarter and grew 10% year on year. As mentioned 
earlier, our branded formulations business in India grew faster 
than the market during the quarter with 10% year on year growth. 
The business outpaced the market growth both in the chronic and 
acute segments. Portfolio of key pillar brands and innovation 
products registered strong volume growth, driving the overall 
performance during the quarter. We launched 12 new products 

 
3 of 22 
 
(including line extensions) with 4 first-in-India launches. The 
business grew faster than the market in key therapies of 
Cardiology, Gastro-Intestinal, Respiratory, Anti-infectives and 
super specialty therapy of Oncology. On the super specialty front, 
we continue to hold leadership position in the Nephrology and 
Oncology therapies. Contribution of chronic portfolio has 
increased consistently over the last several years and stood at 
41.8% as per IQVIA MAT September 2024, an improvement of 400 
basis points over the last 3 years. Our consumer wellness business 
recorded revenues of 4.9 bn rupees, up 12% on a year on year 
basis, primarily led by strong volume growth of 8.4%. Both the 
personal care segment and the food & nutrition segment 
performed well, driving the overall performance of the business. 
Our US business accounted for 47% of the consolidated revenues 
during the quarter with revenues of 24.2 bn rupees, up 30% year 
on year. We launched 4 new products during the quarter. We filed 
8 additional ANDAs and received approval for 9 ANDAs (including 
3 tentative approvals) during the quarter. 
On the international markets front, all key markets delivered 
robust growth during the quarter despite ongoing political and 
economic challenges in some countries. Overall, the business 
posted revenues of 5.4 bn rupees, up 20% year on year. 
On the operations front, the USFDA issued an Establishment 
Inspection Report (EIR) with a VAI status to our transdermal 
formulation facility located in the Ahmedabad SEZ against an 
inspection conducted in the month of July, 2024. During the 
quarter, the USFDA issued a warning letter to our injectable 
facility located at Jarod near Baroda. We are working closely with 
the agency to implement necessary corrective actions and 
preventive actions for early remediation of the facility. 
This concludes the business review. I will now request Dr. Sharvil 
Patel to take you through the key drivers across businesses as well 
as initiatives in our innovation program. Thank you. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you Mr. Nayak and good after-noon ladies and gentlemen. 
It is a pleasure to have you all today on the call. We are pleased 
with our performance during the quarter and the first half of this 
fiscal year. All our business continued their momentum from their 
previous fiscal and delivered healthy growth numbers. We are on 
track to achieve our aspirational growth and profitability for the 
fiscal year of 2025. We remain committed to augment our 
innovation efforts to drive long term growth across all our 

 
4 of 22 
 
businesses and generate improved outcomes for all our 
stakeholders. 
On the India formulations front, our branded business delivered 
double digit growth on the back of strong execution. Our 
sustained thrust on innovation led by our patient centric approach 
has enabled us to build a healthy pipeline of novel and 
differentiated products and solutions aimed at fulfilling varied 
unmet healthcare needs of our patients. Consumer wellness 
business continued to witness healthy demand across categories, 
indicating sustained consumer preference for our brands. Our 
R&D capabilities continue to be on the forefront, helping us to 
launch new products and extensions to capitalize on emerging 
consumer trends. The recent acquisition of Naturell (India) Private 
Ltd., a leading player in the healthy snacking category, which is a 
fast-growing segment, will enable us to offer more product 
choices to the health and wellness conscious customers.  
In the US, we have built significant capabilities to enhance patient 
care and treatment options in the form of comprehensive generics 
products portfolio, specialty play through LiqMeds acquisitions 
and investment in rare diseases space. This, coupled with strong 
customer relationships, a pool of manufacturing facilities with 
capabilities to produce diverse dosage forms and an agile supply 
chain will ensure sustained growth trajectory for the US business 
going forward. 
On the international markets front, the focus remains on growing 
the business in chosen therapy areas across key geographies by 
leveraging our global R&D portfolio of differentiated and complex 
generics as well as specialty products.  
During the quarter, we forayed into animal free fermentation- 
based protein business by forming a JV with Perfect Day Inc. 
through the acquisition of 50% stake in Sterling Biotech Ltd. The JV 
will establish a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility that will 
cater to the global markets. It will accelerate the production of 
high 
quality 
and 
eco-friendly 
protein 
products, 
reduce 
environmental impact and cater to the growing consumer demand 
for fermentation-based and ethically sourced nutrition. Post the 
formation of the JV with Perfect Day Inc., we entered into a 
business transfer agreement with the JV to acquire its API 
business. This business has a fermentation-based product 
portfolio with the capacity to produce 1600 kilo litres of API and 
hence, a very good strategic fit for us.  

 
5 of 22 
 
Our innovation pipeline across different areas continues to make 
progress and achieve desired milestones. With this, let me share 
some material developments on the innovation efforts during the 
quarter.  
On the NCE front, our data monitoring and follow-up is going on 
post completion of patient recruitment for the Phase II(b)/ III 
clinical trial of Saroglitazar Magnesium for PBC indication and also 
the Phase II(b) clinical trial of Saroglitazar Magnesium for the 
Metabolic Dysfunction Associated Steatohepatitis known as MASH 
indication for the US market. We completed Phase II(a) clinical 
trials of Usnoflast in India for Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) 
indication during the quarter. The molecule was well-tolerated in 
a 12 week, Phase II(a) trial with target levels achieved in both 
plasma and Cerebrospinal Fluid (CSF) of ALS patients. It showed 
favourable trends towards reduction in Neurofilament Light Chain, 
an established biomarker of neuro degeneration in the CSF of ALS 
patients. Improvement in ALS function rate scale (ALSFRSR) and 
slow vital capacity were also observed. We initiated a Phase II 
proof of concept trial of Desidustat in partnership with the ICMR 
in patients with sickle cell disease. The partnership marks a pivotal 
step towards developing new therapies for combating sickle cell 
disease.  
In the biotech R&D space, we completed patient recruitment for a 
Phase III clinical trial for one of our biosimilars and the follow-up 
has also been completed. We also completed pre-clinical tox 
studies for one of the biosimilars and applied for clinical trial 
permission to the review committee on genetic manipulation. 
On the vaccines front, we completed Phase II clinical trials for 
Hepatitis E vaccine during the quarter. Recently in the month of 
October, Typhoid Conjugate Vaccine, which is known as ZyVac 
TCV, received in-principle acceptance from the WHO. With this 
acceptance, ZyVac TCV is now eligible for the purchases by the UN 
agency. Thank you and now we can start with the Q&A session. 
Over to the co-ordinator for the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. We will now begin question and answer 
session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may raise your 
hand   from the participant tab on your screen. Participants are 
requested to use headphones or earphones while asking a 
question. The first question is from Kunal Dhamesha. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Hi Sir! Thank you for taking my question. The first question is on  
the  tax expense. Nitin Sir mention that there are some one-offs. 

 
6 of 22 
 
So, can you highlight or quantify the one-offs and how should we 
expect the ETR to pan out for the rest of the FY25? 
Nitin Parekh: 
So, effective tax rate for the year would be 24-25%. One-off refers 
to one provision in terms of one time MAT credit taken last year, 
which reduced the effective tax rate and also, in this year, the 
R&D spend in different entities across globe, where the tax rates 
are different, that has pushed the rate little bit. But this is only 
quarter phenomena. For the year as a whole, it will get equalized 
to around 25%. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure Sir. Thank you on that and just continuing on the R&D 
expense, which was obviously meaningfully above our range that 
we have suggested. So, how should we think about R&D? Is it 
some one-time trial cost which is factored in this quarter and 
should we expect normalization from here and what's the outlook 
beyond FY25? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, as I said, R&D spend on quarter basis, is difficult always to 
estimate but the guideline for the full of FY25 is around 8% of 
revenue, is what we believe will be our R&D and going forward 
also, I think, currently at least for the near future, we are looking 
at same percentage. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure Sir, and one last with your permission. On the guidance, we 
had suggested something like high teens topline growth guidance 
and year on year improvement in EBITDA margin for FY25. Are we 
still sticking to that? Is there an update there? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Ya, ya, we are ahead of our estimates. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
So, is there a new estimate or new guidance that you would like to 
give or we should…..? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel 
No, no, we are comfortably, we should be able to achieve the 
estimates. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure Sir. Thank you. If I have more questions, I will join back the 
queue and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Neha Manpuria. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Ya, thanks for taking my question. Just on the 2 acquisitions that 
we announced. The first one, as a part of the wellness business, 
how big is this business that we acquired and any other details 
you can give? The second one is on the Perfect Day JV. Is this for 
the CDMO piece that we are setting up this facility? By when can 

 
7 of 22 
 
we expect commissioning of this facility as a part of the JV that 
would help please? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel 
On the consumer health front, the business that we acquired of 
RiteBite Max Protein and its range of products is about 130 crores 
in annual revenue and obviously it allows us to play in the healthy 
snacking and we have always indicated that we would like to play 
in the protein malnutrition/nutrition space. So, this gives us a 
good area to enter. The brand is obviously a market leader in its 
category with strong growth and continues to be a leader also in 
all segments, whether it is general trade, ecommerce, modern 
trade also. So, we are quite excited with the opportunity. With 
respect to our joint venture related to Perfect Day, it is going to 
be, I mean in a way, you call it as a CDMO because it is going to do 
development also. So, it is not only manufacturing but develop 
and manufacture large scale fermentation of the protein isolate of 
milk, which is the whey. We do believe that this will be a large 
global opportunity with large global consumers, who have already 
tested and have looked at making this as a part of their resilient 
supply chain. So, we see this as a tremendously large opportunity 
to have an animal free derived protein product which can also 
have a significant ESG benefit. 
Neha Manpuria: 
By when can we expect the commissioning of this facility? Any 
capex that you would want to highlight on the manufacturing 
facility? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Ya, I think, more details we can give over a period of next couple 
of quarters but we do hope to start the construction of the facility 
in the next 2 months. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Ok. And my second question is on the gross margins. Obviously, 
we have seen the benefit of our US pipeline reflect on the gross 
margins. If we were to look at the gross margins of the base 
business, is there anything that is materially changed between, 
from last year to drive this significant improvement besides the 
high value launches that we have in the US, in the gross margin? 
What's the sustainable level of gross margin that I should look at 
beyond this year? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, on the US, as I said, it’s all because of the portfolio. So, one is 
the base business which continues to still grow despite the 
different challenges that we hear about in the US but one thing 
which is good, is our base business continues to grow. We are 
quite disciplined when it comes to, how do we do business in 
terms of financially. Are we making sure we are doing the right 
product at the right price and right margin? So that continues and 

 
8 of 22 
 
it’s quite healthy. And we still continue to have a lot of near-term 
opportunities over the next 1-2, 2-3 years, where we are going to 
have major big launches. So, we are looking to obviously continue 
to build our portfolio in the US and continue to make sure that we 
not only continue our base business but also have products where 
we will see exceptionally good returns also. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Understood! And these opportunities would be as large as 
Mirabegron was for us in the next 1 or 2 years? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, Mirabegron will still continue for the coming financial year and 
post that, as we have always said that, in FY27, we have 2 large 
major launches. So, we would continue to see an uptake in the 
business until FY28-29. 
Neha Manpuria: 
And Sir, last one, Mirabegron, any comment on the turn in events 
when it comes to litigation? What should be the timeline and if 
not the timelines, what are the events that we should look for, 
your view on what's going on, on the litigation front? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Ya, so I think, litigation is always unpredictable. So, I think it is not 
something imminent. It is at least a few quarters, 1 or 2 quarters 
out. I don’t think we will have anything more credible in the short 
term from our best estimate. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Got it, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Bino. 
   Bino: 
Hi, good afternoon. Just a follow up on Myrbetriq. Sharvil bhai, 
can we get some idea, quarterly Myrbetriq run rate, is it pretty                           
much the same q-o-q, in Q1 and Q2, and will it continue similar 
going forward?  
 
Dr. Sharvil Patel:               Sorry. Can you repeat the last part? I didn't hear you well.  
 
Bino: 
Yeah, Mirabegron. My question was, is the quarterly run rate                           
 
 
similar for Q1 and Q2, and is it likely to be the same going  
 
 
forward for the next few quarters? 
 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I think the run rate is going up. The conversion is also going up. 
 
 
So, we would start to see better numbers.  
 

 
9 of 22 
 
Bino: 
Okay. Coming to Asacol HD, the competitor has launched the 
product I believe. What are you seeing on the ground, any price 
erosion, market share loss, etc.?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, so, we are seeing competition in the market and currently 
what we are seeing, I mean, as per our assumption, we are, I 
would say in a good place, in terms of what we assume would be 
market share loss and also price loss. So that is our, as per our 
estimates, and you will get to see that impact in quarter 3 this 
year. Also, yeah, the speed of it has been a little slower. So, that 
has been good for us. Speed of conversion has been slower.  
Bino: 
Yeah. Understood. One last question on Revlimid, generic 
Revlimid. So, you have this revenue bulked up in Q1 and Q4. So, I 
assume, Q4 of this year, we will see again and possibly Q1 of next 
year. So, but coming into FY 26, you know, the exclusivity is lost 
before the Q4 of FY 26. So, should we assume that the generic 
Revlimid run rate would be roughly half plus some volume 
increase as per your agreement in FY 26 versus FY 25? How do we 
think about it? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, we get more share in FY 26. So, we are still hoping to achieve, 
I mean, I don't think there'll be any drop in revenue. 
Bino: 
And all that will be booked in Q1?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Q4, Q1 is our, always our expectation.  
Bino: 
Yeah, but in FY 26, before Q4…. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, FY 26 will only be Q1.  
Bino: 
Only be Q1. Still, there won't be a Y-o-Y drop. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No. 
Bino: 
Understood. Thank you. I'll join back to queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Surya Patra. Hi Surya, 
requesting you to unmute and ask your question. 
Surya: 
Yeah. Thank you, sir. Thanks for this opportunity and congrats for 
the good set of numbers. My first question is on the gross margin 
again. See, this quarter, obviously we have not seen the benefit of 
the Revlimid and Revlimid is a kind of a sizeable opportunity, what 
we have witnessed in the previous two quarters. And although 
that is not there, though there is some benefit of Mirabegron is 
visible, but the gross margin is remaining as it is like Revlimid 
contributing gross margins. So, what is driving this or this quarter? 

 
10 of 22 
 
Because you are also indicating Mirabegron q-o-q would not be 
significantly large enough. So, what is driving this, sir? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, obviously Revlimid is down versus the last quarter but the 
uptick on Mirabegron continues. So, I think I did say q-o-q there is 
an uptick, not stable. So, we see an improvement but in quarter 3 
we will see obviously the impact on Asacol, which was less in this 
quarter. So yeah, that is the current state and again, as I said, 
quarter 4 will again become very large because of generic 
Revlimid. 
Surya: 
Yes. And whether you have indicated about Mirabegron FY 26 
remaining a kind of strong year as well, sir? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I mean, it's always based on litigation and what happens. But as 
with our best estimate today, if it continues, it will remain 
important. 
Surya: 
Okay. So, regards the US business, see since long that we have 
been talking about a series of kind of complex product 
opportunities, including the in-licensed ones. And just in your 
opening remarks also, you mentioned about key complex product 
opportunities in the near future. Could you give some sense about 
the kind of pipeline opportunity that we are talking about? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, so I think, some obviously we have already spoken of like 
the Palbociclib generic version or the Riociguat also, which is also 
settled. So those are more sure and finite in terms of launches. 
Beyond that, in terms of our partnership, we have also spoken 
about a large franchise that we're trying to create on the 
505(b)(2) and generic injectable side. And we announced recently 
if you had read also, we announced a gadolinium, you know. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Similarly, we are seeing a few more 505(b)(2) that we are looking 
to file and launch immediately. So, I think we have a healthy 
pipeline of In-licensing products, which we will get to see. On 
Cabozantinib, obviously the judgement was not completely, it's 
partly good, partly in not in favour. So, that appeal will continue, 
and we'll see how that goes. But despite that, I think on the BD&L 
efforts, we are seeing significant traction in being able to license 
high value or limited competition or even 505(b)(2) with patent 
life kind of products. And that is only getting better. So, I would 
say, over the next three years, we would see a significant value 
from the BD&L opportunity beyond what we are obviously filing 
ourselves in terms of first to file and day one launches. 

 
11 of 22 
 
Surya: 
Sir, is it possible to share some more colour about the  Viwit 
pharmaceutical in-licensing and sir, you mentioned about this 
gadolinium and MRI injectable? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, as I said, it's right now for two of the products. And upon 
approval, we will commercialise these products. And we have 
created a capability of a sales team in the US to be able to do 
some of these things also. 
Surya: 
How big this opportunity could be, sir? It is a  genericized  
opportunity. It is a kind of NDA opportunity. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
It's limited competition. I don't think there is a generic version 
today in the market. 
Surya: 
Okay. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Exact size of the opportunity, I won't be able to today give you an 
estimate, but it will be niche but valuable. 
Surya: 
Okay, just last one question, sir, about the animal health business, 
what we have been aspiring for and taking some interesting 
strides on that front. So, could you give some sense of what is the 
kind of over the next three year period, let's say how important 
and how sizeable this could be? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, as I said, for us, US, we have decided that we are going to 
make, we have focus on US. So, we have three, four legs of 
growth that we are targeting in the US and participating in a 
larger ecosystem. One is obviously the generics business, where 
we are large at, scaling up injectables, which is our second area 
that is scaling up, also launching competitive generics where you 
are late to market, as well as also now animal health products. 
And we are creating a complex, I mean, products which are good, 
valuable where we are sort of first generic into the market, like 
we are on the brand side or on the generic side, human generic 
side, also launching complex technology driven products in the 
animal health space. So, that will be the other leg of growth for 
us. And finally, obviously on our rare and speciality product is the 
final area where we are seeing a significant scale up on Sentynl 
coming up and becoming in the next two years, valuable and also 
obviously our own pipeline of our NCE molecule, which will be 
more future driven. So, it's a basket of business that we will do. 
Specific only to the animal health, is has done very well. It's ahead 
of our estimates on margin and has done good. So, we hope to 
continue to invest behind it and build it. As I said, we are a serious 
player in this. Not only do we do R&D, we also do manufacturing 

 
12 of 22 
 
and then obviously sell. So, we have built an end-to-end capability 
and Zydus generally builds the end-to-end infrastructure to be 
more relevant and long-term player in the US. So, we hope to 
remain a long term committed player in the animal health space 
in the US. 
Surya: 
Sir, thank you. Wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Kunal Dhamesha. 
Kunal: 
Hi sir. Thank you for the opportunity again. I just missed the name 
of the second product, which could be important for us in US 
apart from the palbociclib. Can you please share that? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Riociguat. 
Kunal: 
Riociguat. This is the brand name or….? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Molecule. 
Kunal: 
Okay. Sure, sure. And sir, on the typhoid conjugate vaccine, where 
we have received the WHO pre-approval. If you could share, I 
mean, something on the total addressable market and how are we 
planning there? And you know, what else do we have in the 
pipeline, you know, to kind of make this business more 
sustainable? 
       Dr. Sharvil Patel:         Yeah. So, I think currently on TCV, UNICEF is, obviously with the 
approval on prequalification, we can participate in the UNICEF 
tenders. UNICEF is the largest procurer of TCV Vaccine. And over 
in this coming year, obviously, we will participate in the annual 
tender. The annual tenders generally range from 80 to 150 million 
doses. So, we hope to take a small percentage of that share, and 
that could be very meaningful and sizeable for the organization. 
Beyond TCV, we are also looking forward to also getting our MR 
vaccine qualified very soon. So once that happens, that will be 
also an opportunity for the UNICEF tenders. But beyond that MR, 
there is also an India tender coming up very soon and we are 
hopeful we will also participate in that tender. So, I think, finally, I 
would say that in terms of meaningfully scaling up vaccines, we 
are going to start to see that from FY 26 and FY 27. 
  
Kunal: 
Sure sir. But do we have any, you know, like aspirational target in 
mind that we want to scale this business to some number based 
on the pipeline that you have right now? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, as I said that the opportunities are very large because when I 
talk about just for TCV, it's a 80 to 150 million doses tender 

 
13 of 22 
 
volumes and over a period of 2 to 3 years. So, I think, as I said, 
from our revenue and what revenue we have today, it will be 
quite meaningful. But the scale up, I think we can only talk about 
once we win certain tenders. But these are not small tenders. And 
the competition is only between one or two or three players. So, 
we believe that we can definitely take a small part of that tender 
meaningfully and become sizeable.  
Kunal: 
Sure. And sir this tender you said it's for 2 to 3 years. So, is it up 
for a renewal now in this year? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, I think, we will see that in this coming FY 26 there will be a 
tender on TCV and then following year, probably MR. 
Kunal: 
Sure. And sir one question on the US business. In this quarter, 
would you have seen any negative pricing action on Asacol? The 
market share loss might be more visible in Q3, but is there any 
shelf stock adjustment that we would have taken in our revenue 
for Asacol? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I think larger impact you will see in quarter 3, but yeah, we would 
have taken some in quarter 2 also. 
Kunal: 
Sure, sir. And beyond, you know let's say FY 25, for FY 26, any key 
products? Because Palbociclib and maybe the other product that 
you talked about is slightly longer-term opportunity. But from FY 
26 perspective, would you like to share any key products that we 
might be having in our pipeline? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah. So, if FY 27 and 28 obviously are the two years where you 
will see the other two. In FY 26, we have obviously our internal 
pipeline of products that is going to be important. We will see 
quarter 1 Revlimid also, which will be important. And then we are 
going to see a full year of the 505(b)(2) or on the whole Sitagliptin 
franchise, which would be quite meaningful. And we can talk 
about it more in the fourth quarter. But we believe that will be a 
very important and significant value creator for the, as an 
important class for 505(b)(2) with success. And then, as I said, we 
do have some impending launches on the injectables front. Also, a 
505(b)(2) injectables if we succeed. So, there are quite a few 
products that are lined up for FY 26. But I would say the bigger 
chunk of products will come in ‘27 and ‘28. But we are still seeing 
FY 26 also in terms of maintaining our current base of business.  
Kunal: 
Sure, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Harsh Shah. 

 
14 of 22 
 
Harsh Shah: 
Yeah. Good afternoon, sir. So, my first question is on the overall 
direction of the business. You have partially answered the 
question. Could you just…..? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Harsh, sorry, but we are finding it very difficult to understand you. 
Harsh Shah: 
Is this better? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah. Yeah. 
Harsh Shah: 
Yeah. Sir, part of the question you might have answered, but just 
wanted to get a bit of more clarity in terms of the direction of the 
overall business. For H1, of course, we have overshoot on the 
guidance but now, as we stand today on the higher base of 
revenue with the peak of Revlimid almost behind us and then 
Mirabegron and Cabozantinib having its own challenges. How do 
you see FY 26 and FY 27 panning out in terms of growth and 
margin? If you can, you know, share some light on a bit of FY 26 
and 27. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, our guidance is, FY 26 in the US, we will see growth over FY 25 
and which is depending on whatever portfolio and this is despite 
Asacol competition. And that is our current guidance. And FY 27 
and 28 are obviously meaningfully very large because we have 
large opportunities, where we have assured launches coming up 
where we are Day 1 exclusive. So, the trajectory from at least 
from this point of view and guidance is this. While Asacol of 
course, is the challenge, Revlimid will still be a good quarter 4, 
quarter 1 product, and going forward, Mirabegron still remains. It 
still is growing quarter on quarter. So, I don't see any slowdown 
on Mirabegron. 
Harsh Shah: 
And on margin front, we will stick to 27% plus kind of a number, 
or we might see some erosion there? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, we hope to maintain our FY 25 margins, guidance of 27 
Nitin Parekh: 
Guidance that we have given of 100-150 basis point over last year. 
That will continue. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. Okay. And a bit of qualitative question. With the US 
elections behind us now and the talks about this new government 
coming in, do you foresee any major challenges, any major 
regulatory challenges from what has been the policy of the new 
government that will be coming into effect? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I mean, I would not be the right person to answer that. But today, 
in the US, 60% of what is consumed in the US is made in India in 

 
15 of 22 
 
terms of prescription volume. So, I would say, we are in a good 
place to continue to build on that. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay, sure. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Bino. 
Bino: 
Hi. Thanks for taking the question again. Just two follow up 
questions. One on the tax rate. For this year, you have guided to 
around 24 to 25%, but that is much higher than previous last two, 
three years consolidated tax rate. Of course, this year, this 
quarter, we had some one offs. But FY 26, will it come down back 
to around 20 - 21% which was earlier tax rate, or will it stay high 
at 24 - 25%? 
Nitin Parekh: 
Earlier Bino, we got benefit of MAT credit available, but over a 
period of time, we have started utilising them. So, we will not be 
left with more MAT credit now. Also the benefit, which we have 
for backward area in Sikkim that also somewhere in ‘26 and ‘27 is 
not going to be there. So, we will be then, you know, coming into 
normal tax rate. Having said so, because while we look at the 
consolidated tax rate, it constitutes of different entities having 
different kind of tax rates and therefore you may find something 
here and there, 1% plus minus. But on the whole that is where 
guiding for 24 to 25% kind of effective tax rate. 
Bino: 
Understood. Sharvil bhai, this Riociguat, is that your own product 
or a partnered product?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Partnered. 
Bino: 
Okay. And would you be the only, would it be a sole exclusivity 
launch? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 
Bino: 
Okay, great. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Rahul Jeevani. 
Rahul Jeevani: 
Yeah. Hi, sir. Hope I am audible. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes.  
Rahul Jeevani: 
Yes, sir. Sir, on the Sitagliptin 505(b)(2) opportunity which you 
spoke about for next year. Sir, next year the Sitagliptin generic 
market also opens up in mid-2025 and there are already, let's say, 
around 8 to 10 generic companies who have tentative approval 
on the product. So, with the generic market opening up on 

 
16 of 22 
 
Sitagliptin next year, so, what kind of a traction do you think you 
would be able to garner for your 505(b)(2) product? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, two things. One is, it is not 25, it is 26,  the patent. May be you 
can check and I also can check, it is not for 25. So, we have one 
more year. And we have as I have always said, yeah, so the 
opportunity we are seeing is obviously launching our branded 
franchise of Sitagliptin. So, we see FY26 will be the most 
meaningful year. But going forward, we have a long term contract 
with the US government for supply for 3 years which will continue 
even after genericization.  
And also, because we are building part of the branded business, 
we hope that post genericization, some part of it we may be able 
to manage share. But leaving that aside, at least the government 
business is going to continue for a longer period of time and FY26 
may be the larger opportunity on the retail side which may not be 
substantial in the next year. But for sure, the coming year will be 
quite meaningful which we can obviously explain more in Q4 also.  
Rahul Jeevani: 
Sure, sir. And this government channel, how big is this on 
Sitagliptin? 
  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
It is a valuable business for the company. It becomes a good 
molecule for us just on that business.   
Rahul Jeevani: 
Sure, sir. And we would need to put up a sales force for this 
505(b)(2) product or would you market it through the team which 
Sentynl might have.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, we don't need any marketing team. As I said, we can give you 
more flavor by Q4. But we are seeing some very good opportunity 
on it. 
Rahul Jeevani: 
Sure, sir. Thank you. That’s it from my side.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Damyanti. 
Damyanti: 
Hi, good afternoon. I hope I am audible? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes.  
Damyanti: 
Okay, thank you. My first question is, you mentioned about, like 
good launches lined up specially in ’27 and ’28. So, can you 
update us, will that include few transdermal products also which I 
think we have talked in the past? And if you can update us on 
what is the current portfolio looking like in terms of transdermal 
supply? How do you see scale up? And similarly, how do you see 

 
17 of 22 
 
your injectable portfolio building up over the next few years in 
terms of sales?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
We have total of 8 transdermal filing so far. Out of which, we have 
2 pending approvals left. Out of this, 1 is certain and the other 1 
may not be certain. From our point of view, we just recently, I 
mean we already have the Estradiol combo pack that is already 
launched in the market. Before that, we obviously had already 
one transdermal launch. Recently, we did launch Scopolamine 
Transdermal patch. And going forward, we hope to add twice 
weekly Estradiol which is also approved but we need to add scale 
that up, and Clonidine as the future product. Beyond that, we also 
have some more hormonal patches that are under development 
and to be filed which will get launched. So, that’s where we are on 
the overall transdermal business.  
On the injectable side of the business, as I said, we continue to file 
complex drug device combination products in the US. Beyond that 
obviously, we are actively licensing injectable products whether it 
is in the contrast media range for radiology or some of the niche 
like the dyes that we have licensed where we launched 
Methylene Blue, in future, Indocyanine Green and a few more 
coloured dyes in the future. So, we have a whole host of 
differentiated niche products also in the injectable side which we 
will launch, beyond obviously the large drug device combination 
products that are also being filed. 
Damayanti: 
Sure. So, currently to your total US sales, I assume injectable sales 
are like very small in terms of contribution? Can you just give us 
how much is currently coming from these products?   
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
As I said, I think, for us and I also tried to talk a little earlier, I think 
we are looking at the whole US when we talk about, we look at 
the whole portfolio and we don't differentiate like injectables, 
orals or all of that because we are running it as a portfolio of 
choices of products that we do. But I can definitely say that 
injectables in the next 3 years will obviously scale up from today’s 
level and become more meaningful. But I think, for us, it makes 
sense for us to talk about the overall portfolio rather than dosage 
form because we don't do business like dosage form because it is 
very similar ways of selling.  
Damayanti: 
Just want to understand one more point in transdermals. What 
we understand, in these market, I guess incumbents have largely 
stable markets share, right, few incumbents and they have certain 
market share. So, you enter that market, is it like easier to take 

 
18 of 22 
 
market share from existing players? Here is it more gradual build 
up which you generally see?   
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, it is always hard to take market share, whether it is in any 
product because we want to take market share with certain 
margins. It is always a thin line in terms of whom you target and 
how you target.  But so far, in the two products that we are selling 
we have had decent success.  
Damayanti: 
Okay, that’s helpful, thank you. I will get back in the queue.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from Nitin Agarwal.  
Moderator: 
Hi, Nitin, your voice is not clear.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
Excuse me one second. Hello, can you hear me?  
Moderator: 
Yes. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Thanks. Sir, two questions, one is on the India business. Any 
thoughts on the business now? I think, for the last few quarters, 
we have been performing well in line and above the market. So, 
has the business now sort of turned around for good in your 
assessment and where do we see the business over the next 
couple of years? What will be the drivers for this business from 
here on? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think, as I said, our aspiration is to grow better than market. 
We are in many quarters now doing as market or even better as 
we have demonstrated and we hope to continue to deliver on 
stronger growth. There are 2-3 areas that is helping us. One is the 
portfolio re-organization and focus has helped us in terms of 
growth. So, our innovative portfolio as well as our growth booster 
brands have both done extremely well and as that pie of the 
business becomes larger and larger, that is contributing 
meaningfully. Beyond that, there have been important new 
launches that have been successful. So, not only have the existing 
products been doing well, but the new launches have seen very 
strong meaningful traction and they continue to also drive future. 
Also, now our branded, our specialty portfolio or chronic portfolio 
is now more than 41% of our overall business and that’s also 
improving its share in our overall pipeline, which also is allowing 
us to have a more sustained growth. I think, all in all, all of these 
things are giving us confidence that we can continue to deliver 
better than market growth which is our aspiration.   
Nitin Agarwal: 
Sir, in the domestic business, what proportion of business is really 
coming from your innovative products now?   

 
19 of 22 
 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
It is a good question. I don't think, right now, we have a breakup 
like that that we give out. But I think give us some time, we will 
start preparing a different overall innovative pipeline portfolio. 
But I think individual breakup, we don't give right now.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
If we take that forward, sir, on the innovation portfolio, or the 
innovation R&D portfolio which is there, in the next couple of 
years what are the milestones to really watch out for?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think, the milestones would be market share obviously for 
Saro, for Desidustat, for also the biologics that we are launching 
and also some of the differentiated technology products where 
we are first to market. If it is competitive, obviously it is market 
share. But beyond that as I have always said, we do strongly 
believe that both Saro and Desidustat will obviously come in the 
top 50 but hopefully soon in the top 25 in terms of brands of the 
country and we hope to continue to build that. I think those kinds 
of rank of molecule will become more and more impactful going 
forward.  
And as I said, when we are launching biologics and other 
products, we are now at least like I can talk about our Ujvira 
molecule. We have even higher share than the brand now both by 
value and volume. And also, if you look at the overall share in the 
oncology space, we are now potentially the largest Indian 
oncology player and growing the fastest in this area. Similarly, if 
you see Desidustat, if you see the traction that we are getting on 
Saro both by ourselves and our partners, we are seeing significant 
traction on these molecules. So, the innovative pipeline is 
definitely driving a lot of meaningful growth and creating larger 
house brands.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
Sir, on this innovation pipeline, you know, from wherever you are 
undertaking global trials, what are the major milestones for you 
on the global approval perspective for these products?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, the nearest product of ours is Saroglitazar. We just finished 
recruitment for a hybrid Phase II/Phase III trial. And in quarter 
two of next year, we will have a read-out. That will be one 
important milestone.  
Our Usnoflast in ALS will start a Phase II(b) trial. So, that is still a 
little while away but that will be the next milestone of starting the 
next clinical development journey.  

 
20 of 22 
 
And on Desidustat, we are doing a trial in Sickle Cell Anaemia and 
we are also looking for something in the US in the defence space, 
so that is the other important milestone if we are able to achieve.  
Beyond that, I think, we have large Phase IV trials going on in 
India to show the safety and efficacy of the medicine and a lot of 
publications that will all drive better value for the brands.   
Nitin Agarwal: 
And, sir, on the R&D spend increase which has happened, you 
said it is going to be sustained around these levels, you know, 
which are the major areas where the increased R&D spends are 
going towards?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, yeah, obviously some part, as I said for us about 60%, 55, it is 
half and half almost very soon, so half of it goes for development 
of whole complex generic, better than generic kind of portfolio. 
And the remaining is for biologics and NCEs and for US 
development. In that, the largest cost is developing Saro for US 
right now because we are doing a large Phase III and that will 
continue. That’s the clinical development cost is one of the larger 
costs of the overall cost.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
The last one, sir. On the emerging market, I think, you have had 
some pretty decent sequential growth in the business for the last 
few quarters now. What has really changed and how should we 
look at this piece, how should we look at this business going 
forward? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I think very strong execution, very strong portfolio of global 
products that are getting leveraged in all of these markets. More 
focus on branded business which is allowing us both consistency 
and profitability growth. Right selection of markets, we also 
entered new markets now like UK, Australia and we hope to add 
tactically more markets including Canada and others. So, I think, it 
has been overall I would strong strategy which led to strong 
execution, and also going forward we are seeing enough 
momentum of product portfolio as well as market still continuing 
to do very well in spite of obviously currency challenges, some 
geopolitical challenges that we do face market by market. But the 
portfolio is allowing us to continue with the strong double digit 
revenue growth and more importantly profitability growing faster 
than revenue. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Thank you. And if could just finish the last one, sir. On the US 
market, I think just to get it correct, you said that even the 
Mirabegron will continue to be a major product in FY26 for us. 

 
21 of 22 
 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I think, the current litigation continuing, it will still continue in 
FY26, but how long it is very difficult to predict right now.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Vivek Agarwal.  
Vivek Agarwal: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, you talked about Palbociclib as 
one of the key products in ’27-28. So, just want to understand two 
things on this product, is it going to be a capsule or a tablet, if you 
can clarify? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Tablet.  
Vivek Agarwal: 
Okay. So, in tablets, is it likely to be sole exclusivity or is it going to 
be like you are going to share with a few other players? How the 
things are going to be? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Our best estimate it will be sole, but there can always be an AG.   
Vivek Agarwal: 
Okay, thank you. Any colour on capsules?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, I don't have any other update on it. 
Vivek Agarwal: 
Okay. Thank you. That was from my side.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Kunal Randeria.  
Kunal: 
Hi, good afternoon, sir. Sharvil bhai, you mentioned timelines for 
Saroglitazar. So, what would be the realistic timelines for US filing 
and launch? And how should we evaluate the potential 
considering that two players got approval this year and have a bit 
of a head start on you in the PBC indication? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, we had always, I mean in our estimate we always assumed 
that we will be third I mean, if lucky third or fourth, but I think we 
could be third to the market. As I said the major milestone is our 
initial read-out of our data in the second quarter of next financial 
year. If everything goes well then, we will go ahead for submission 
of the NDA by third or fourth quarter, mostly the fourth quarter 
and then about a year from there the launch. So, maybe, our 
estimate is Q4 of FY27 would be the launch which would mean 
first quarter of the calendar year ‘27.   
Kunal: 
Got it. How do you kind of expect the market to kind of take a 
turn because even these two products are fairly new. And I 
presume your product will also be like a second line treatment. 
So, how do you evaluate this market by the time you launch this 
product? 

 
22 of 22 
 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, I think, obviously many moving parts on this. Right now, you 
know OCA is under regulatory action right now. So, potentially 
these other products, I mean this class of products will become 
maybe then the first line of treatment from second line and the 
other part is it will all depend on our data. If our data is at par or 
superior obviously depending on that situation, we will know how 
we will fare. So, very early to comment till we get to see our data. 
But if we are at par or better obviously the commercial value is 
quite valuable. If we don't have sufficiently equivalent data, then 
obviously we have to look at how do we commercialize it.  
Kunal: 
Right. And just one clarity on this and this will be the first 
indication for Saroglitazar in developed markets, right, MASH and 
others will come later. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, this we are only targeting in US PBC right now.  
Kunal: 
Got it, thank you and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As this was our last question I would like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ganesh Nayak for the closing remarks.  
Mr. Ganesh Nayak:         Thank you very much and have a nice evening and well wish you a 
Merry Xmas and a happy new year and look forward to 
interacting with you in the month of February for our Quarter 
three results. Thank you and good night. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Zydus Life Sciences Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now 
disconnect your lines and exit the webinar. 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
 
