 
 
LIL:CS:REG30:2024-25 
            Date: 23.11.2024 
BSE Limited 
Listing & Compliance Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing & Compliance Department  
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
Security Code : 517206 
Symbol: LUMAXIND 
 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts/Investor Earnings Conference Call- Q2 and H1 FY 2024-25.  
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the 
Transcript of Analysts/Investor Earnings Conference Call for all Investors/General Public which was held on 
Thursday, November 14, 2024 at 11:00 AM (IST) to discuss the operational and financial performance of 
the Company for the 2nd Quarter and Half year ended September 30, 2024. 
 
The 
transcript 
will 
also 
be 
made 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.lumaxworld.in/lumaxindustries/transcript.html. 
You are requested to take the same on records and oblige. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For LUMAX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
RAAJESH KUMAR GUPTA  
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND COMPANY SECRETARY  
ICSI M. NO. A-8709  
Encl: As Stated above 
RAAJESH 
KUMAR 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
RAAJESH KUMAR GUPTA 
Date: 2024.11.23 
14:36:52 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
“Lumax Industries Limited  
Q2 and H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
 
  
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 14th November 2024 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANMOL JAIN – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
LUMAX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. RAJU KETKALE -- CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
LUMAX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. RAVI TELTIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER– 
LUMAX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY MEHTA – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER– LUMAX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. ANKIT THAKRAL – CORPORATE FINANCE – 
LUMAX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. NAVAL KHANNA – HEAD CORPORATE, TAXATION 
– LUMAX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
November 14, 2024 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY '25 Earnings Conference 
Call of Lumax Industries Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on date of this call. These statements do not guarantee the future performance of 
the company, and it may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Deepak Jain, Chairman and Managing Director of Lumax Industries Limited. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Deepak Jain: 
Thank you very much. A very good morning to everyone. Along with me on this call, I have 
Mr. Anmol Jain, Joint Managing Director; Mr. Raju Ketkale, CEO; Mr. Sanjay Mehta, the 
Group Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Ravi Teltia, CFO; Mr. Ankit Thakral, from Corporate 
Finance; and Mr. Naval Khanna, Corporate Head of Taxation. 
 
We have uploaded our earnings presentation on stock exchange and company's website. I hope 
everybody had an opportunity to go through the same. I will begin by giving an update on the 
industry followed by an overview of the company's operations for the quarter and the half year 
gone by. 
 
FY '24 marked one of the best years for the industry with a solid recovery following the 
COVID crisis that set a high benchmark. However, as we moved into FY '25, the year began at 
a slower pace due to several factors affecting demand. Firstly, there was climate change 
conditions of uneven rainfall pattern and extreme heat waves impacting many parts of the 
country and softened the rural demand. Additionally, the capex cycle experienced a temporary 
slowdown as the focus shifted towards the elections, leading to a slowdown in both public and 
private spending. 
 
And lastly, the time of the Shraddh period, which fell entirely in September, further subdued to 
market activity as it is a traditionally a period of lower consumer spending. These factors acted 
as a hurdle in the growth momentum, but with strong festive period recovery and some new 
model launches by OEMs, we're optimistic that the remainder of the FY '25 will see a stable 
growth. 
 
Passenger vehicles in net inventory saw an uptick this quarter, primarily driven by the 
consumer anticipation around upcoming model launches. However, as the festive season 
unfolded, we observed a notable reduction in inventory due to robust sales performance and 
attractive discounts offered by the OEMs. Overall, we expect the PV segment to register a low 
single-digit growth for the full year. 
 
For 2-wheelers, growth trajectory has and remained strong, particularly coming from the rural 
markets where demand continues to rise as rural incomes improve and infrastructure develops. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
November 14, 2024 
Page 3 of 13 
 
Going forward, the outlook of the 2-wheeler is positive with a focus on urban mobility 
solutions, electric 2-wheelers gaining traction and government schemes supporting 
affordability mobility options. 
 
In the CVs, the performance has been very subdued. However, with the spend on the 
infrastructure, the long-term and midterm, basically, demand still remains robust. The short-
term has a challenge. The rapid evolution of the automotive lighting technologies, including 
the advancements in LEDs is driving a shift towards more energy efficient and safer lighting 
solutions. 
 
This aligns with the Lumax Industries' strong R&D capabilities and our investment in R&D 
enables us to align with the safety and regulatory standards as there is an increased need for 
automotive lighting solutions that enhance visibility, reduce accidents and improve nighttime 
driving. 
 
Together, these trends provide a significant opportunity for Lumax Industries to expand the 
market penetration and strengthen our position as a leader in the automotive lighting sector. 
Currently, we have a robust order book of approximately INR2,900 crores with 87% dedicated 
to LED lighting. We have successfully expanded our wallet share with existing models and 
customers and have secured participation in new model launches from both existing and new 
clients. 
 
35% of our order book is for EV vehicles and 74% is within the passenger vehicle segment. In 
Q2, FY '25, we have launched the lighting system for Thar ROXX model of Mahindra & 
Mahindra, Magnite model of Nissan, new Neo model of Mahindra & Mahindra as well. We 
look forward to good revival and a sustained revival growth to continue in the second half of 
the year with several new model launches on the horizon. 
 
With our strong focus on innovation, strategic global partnership with Stanley and dedication 
to meeting the evolving needs of the industry, we are well positioned to continue to drive the 
growth and deliver value to our customers and stakeholders. 
 
I now hand over to Ravi Teltia, CFO of Lumax Industries for the financial update. 
Ravi Teltia: 
Thank you, sir. Good morning, everyone. I'll take you through the operational and financial 
performance. LED share of business stands at 47% compared to 36% in H1 FY '24 with 87% 
of our order book consisting of LED lighting. We are confident of enhancing the share of LED 
even further. With respect to segment mix for H1 FY '25, as a percentage of revenue, 66% 
from passenger vehicle, 28% from 2-wheelers and 6% from commercial vehicles. 
 
With respect to product mix as a percentage of total revenue, 66% of revenue is from front 
lighting, 23% from rear lighting and 11% from others. Talking about the financial 
performance, I'm delighted to share that our company has continued its strong performance 
with quarterly revenue standing at INR812 crore, indicating a growth of 26% on a year-on-
year basis. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
November 14, 2024 
Page 4 of 13 
 
 
For H1'25, revenue stood at INR1,578 crores with a growth of 25%. The company reported 
consolidated EBITDA of INR62 crores as compared to INR57 crores in quarter 2 FY '24, a 
growth of 10%. EBITDA margin for quarter 2 FY '25 stood at 7.7% and for H1 FY '25, margin 
stood at 8.4%. 
 
EBITDA in Q2 FY '25, impacted due to losses in tooling business. EBITDA of manufacturing 
business is at 8.6% in Q2 FY'25 as compared to 8.2% in Q2 FY'24. Profit after tax after share 
of associates for quarter 2 FY'25 stood at INR28 crores as compared to INR26 crores in 
quarter 2 FY'24, a growth of 8%. 
 
PAT margins for Q2 FY'25 stood at 3.5% compared to 4.1% in Q2 FY'24. PAT after share of 
associates for H1 FY '25 stood at INR62.5 crores, registering a growth of 26.5% on year-on-
year basis with a margin at 4%. The effective tax rate for H1 FY'25 is 22.37% and is likely to 
be around 25% in the remaining period of the year. 
With this, we can open the floor for question and answer. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Mihir Vyas from 9 Rays EquiResearch. 
Mihir Vyas: 
I had a couple of questions on Chakan plant. In our previous conversation, you mentioned that 
a key model, which is a primary reason for the investment has underperformed significantly in 
terms of volume. Could you provide an update on the current operational status of the plant? 
Anmol Jain: 
So the plant is running almost close to 55% to 60% capacity utilization for the Phase 1 
investment. The plant is catering primarily to Mahindra & Mahindra as well as Tata Motors. 
The key models being produced there are the Mahindra XUV700 as well as the Scorpio-N and 
the recently launched Thar ROXX model. 
So these are the main models which are launched there. We are in the process of the Phase 2 
expansion, getting geared up for certain models of Volkswagen. But going forward, next 
financial year, we do understand that we have significant orders from Tata, Volkswagen and 
Mahindra, where the utilization of this plant should go up from the current 55%, 60% levels to 
almost 80%. 
Mihir Vyas: 
This 80% should be after Phase 2 or by end of this year? 
Anmol Jain: 
80% capacity utilization to 85% capacity utilization will again be for the Phase 1 investment. 
Phase 2 investment will only kick in, in FY '26. 
Mihir Vyas: 
Okay, sir. It's on track, right, I mean FY '26 operations for Phase 2? 
Anmol Jain: 
The model from our OEMs are so far on track and scheduled with Mahindra, Volkswagen and 
Tata Motors. So yes, the plant is on track with respect to its investment plan. 
Mihir Vyas: 
Okay. And one question on the moulds business, sir. Can you give some color on that? I mean 
how is it growing and how the future for the business looks like? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
November 14, 2024 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Anmol Jain: 
So the mould business, as I've always mentioned, is dependent directly with the launch of the 
models. Clearly, when you see the H1 mould revenue in the current year, it is substantially 
more than the H1 mould revenue in the last year. It is almost 160% up. But on a profitability of 
course, tooling to tooling, there are very different margins. 
But how I see it is, if you look at it for a full year perspective, you will see a similar margin of 
10% to 15% on the total tooling revenue. So quarter-to-quarter, they may vary. But on a full 
year basis, we do expect tooling revenue and tooling -- tooling margins to be consistent with 
what historically has been there between 10% to 15%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saumil Shah from Paras Investments. 
Saumil Shah: 
Sir, as you mentioned, 87% of our order book is towards LED. So can we see margin 
improvement in remaining half of this year and FY '26? 
Anmol Jain: 
So, you're absolutely right. And let me just give you a perspective. I think quarter 3, we do not 
anticipate any changes in the margin. Out of the 87% order book, only about 30% of the order 
book will actually come into the revenue in FY '25. Almost 35% to 40% of this order book 
will come into the revenue stream in FY '26, which is next financial year. So next year, 
definitely, you will see a margin expansion from the current levels, we should be in the 
double-digit operating EBITDA margin going forward next year. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. Because sir, I think we had a vision to reach 12%, 13% EBITDA margin, but we are 
still hovering around 8%, 9%. So any outlook or any thoughts that by when we can reach 12%, 
13% EBITDA margin? 
Anmol Jain: 
I think the vision was more a midterm over the next few years and we remain consistent with 
that vision of getting towards 12% EBITDA or so over the next, let's say, give or take 3 years. 
However, I think next financial year, we definitely should surpass the 10% mark and getting 
into the double digit on an EBITDA margin, primarily because of operational efficiency, 
higher capacity utilization and the greater share of LED penetration, which will kick in next 
year. 
Saumil Shah: 
That's great. And sir, for the first half of this year, we have done about 25% growth in top line 
as well as bottom line. Can we expect similar growth in the remaining half of this year? 
Anmol Jain: 
So, if you look at the manufacturing sales, we've actually done a 20% growth for the first half. 
Quarter 1 and quarter 2 both were at 20%, respectively. You're absolutely right with your 
number of 25%, but that includes the tooling revenues, which on a quarter-to-quarter basis, 
hugely varies, which were based on the model launches. So we do expect that for the full year 
this year, we should continue anywhere between 15% to 20% growth based on my previous 
guidance. And in FY '26, we expect this growth momentum to be slightly better and perhaps 
become upwards of 20%. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, if I may ask one more question. Are we planning to reduce our debt? 
Currently, I think our debt is around INR900 crores. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
November 14, 2024 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Sanjay Mehta: 
So it looks like that the debt will be the -- right now, the maximum debt and way forward, it 
will be a decline trend. 
Anmol Jain: 
So as of now, the company does not have plans to raise any further debt. And I think with the 
new financial year FY '26, we should be able to start reducing this overall debt burden as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mihir Vora from Equirus Securities. 
Mihir Vora: 
Sir, basically, my question was on the capex side. Like what is our outlook for the capex going 
ahead for next 2 years? And what would be the capex for the Phase 2 in Chakan, which would 
be coming ahead? 
Anmol Jain: 
So first, the overall capex, last year, the company did about INR225 crores of capex. This year, 
for the first half, we've done about INR125 crores capex. Full year guidance remains 
unchanged, anywhere between INR200 to INR230 crores is what we are anticipating for the 
current full financial year as well. 
Next year, we do expect the capex to reduce at least by close to 30% on the full year basis, 
primarily because a lot of the projects and new project-related capex would have incurred in 
this financial year, whereas the revenue will kick in, in the next financial year. So that's just a 
guidance on the capex. In terms of the Phase 2 capex, the capex will be close to around 
between INR100 crore to INR125-odd crores for the Phase 2 of Chakan plant, which would 
give about another close to 0.25 million vehicles at capacity addition. 
Mihir Vora: 
All right. All right. So this would be like we do see the debt coming down, right, going ahead, 
like it has increased in the first half. So... 
Anmol Jain: 
That's correct. As I said, we have no plans to take any further debt and the higher growth, 
which I had given a guidance for FY '26 compared to FY '25 will be serviced with a much 
reduced capex outlay for the company next year. And hence, the debt burden will also reduce 
significantly. 
Mihir Vora: 
Sure, sure. Sir, and secondly, on this front lights in the rare lights. So what is the difference 
between the content of both like are the rear light would be cheaper than the smaller one, right, 
the front? 
Anmol Jain: 
So it's a generic question. It also depends a lot on the technology, which is there in a front 
lighting versus rear lighting. If you're talking about a halogen bulb based front lighting and 
complete LED rear lighting the pricing may be very similar or the rear lighting may be even 
much more than the front lighting if it is a complete end-to-end long tail lamp. So it really 
depends on the technology, but as a generic thumb rule front lighting has a lot more value per 
lamp versus a rear lighting on a light to light technology of, let's say, LED or projector or 
which is more for the front lighting. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Viraj from SiMPL. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
November 14, 2024 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Viraj: 
Just 2 questions. When I look at your sales performance for some clients like HMSI and TVS. 
We've been seeing a relatively lower sales, when I compare versus their run rate, so anything 
to do that or just a model mix phenomenon? And if you could even give some perspective in 
terms of order pipeline when it comes to these 2 OEMs? So that is one. 
 
And second, if you can just again give some color on the competitive landscape, both in the 
passenger vehicles and 2-wheeler lighting. 
Anmol Jain: 
Sure. So I'll give you a download on the customers. I think if you look at our top 7 customers, 
we've been pretty much intact with respect to Maruti Suzuki. Maruti grew in H1 by 2% and 
our revenue with Maruti Suzuki has also grown in the same vicinity of 2%. Mahindra and Tata 
have been key growth drivers for the company in H1, primarily again because of the new 
Chakan facility. 
Mahindra grew by 8% in H1 for the current year, whereas Lumax's revenues to Mahindra grew 
by 46%. Similarly, in Tata Motors, while Tata's own volumes were declined by 5%, we've had 
a 26% growth in H1 with Tata Motors, and we see a similar trend in the 2-wheeler space with 
Hero MotoCorp, where Hero has grown by 12% in H1 in their production numbers and 
Lumax's revenue has grown by 24% to Hero's. 
 
Specifically addressing to HMSI and TVS, which you mentioned, HMSI has grown by 33%, 
whereas Hero Lumax's revenue has grown by 13%. This is primarily contributed by the model 
mix certain models where we are not present, have done better than the ones where we are on, 
and this is a very general phenomenon. 
The Mahindra and Tata is a similar story from the opposite side. TVS, however, we've been 
pretty much aligned. TVS has had 11% growth in H1. We've also had a 10% growth in H1 
with TVS. 
Coming to the order book, I think Deepak mentioned that there is an order book of almost 
close to INR3,000 crores. And if I look at it, HMSI by itself, we are amongst the #2 customer 
in the order book. We've got almost close to INR350 crores of new orders from HMSI in the 
INR3,000 crore order book. 
 
Maruti Suzuki is the largest out of the order book, where almost 50% of this order book is with 
Maruti Suzuki. And I would like to reiterate that over the last 2, 3 years, there has been a lot of 
questions from the investors that in Maruti Suzuki, our share on the SUV platform has 
continuously declined. And traditionally, we have always been associated with the small car 
space in Maruti Suzuki and the SUVs have been serviced by the competition. 
I'm glad to share that out of the next 5 models of Maruti Suzuki, which are in the planning 
stages, Lumax has been awarded businesses for all the 5 models, which constitute almost 3 
new SUV platforms, including facelifts of current SUVs. So we will be gaining our wallet 
share significantly in Maruti Suzuki in the coming years because of the strong order wins. So 
that's just one point I would like to highlight. On the competition landscape, maybe Deepak 
can throw some color. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
November 14, 2024 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Deepak Jain: 
So on the competition, it is lighting has become quite hypercompetitive. I can give you certain 
things depending on the segment. Of course, your company is actually playing across segments 
in 2-wheeler, 4-wheeler series. However, we see in 2-wheelers, I think the competition is 
towards FIEM, the Minda’s and Varroc. They're mostly domestic and also for the Hero we 
have the Unitech Machines, which is UM. 
In the 4-wheelers, then there are maybe global players like, for example, IJL or Koito Japan, 
there is Motherson Marelli, which is Marelli of Italy. And then we also do have Valeo. Of 
course, in the 4-wheeler, we do lead Lumax Industries, along with SL, which actually caters at 
Lumax, which caters to the Hyundai and the Kia projects. 
In the aftermarket, we had FORVIA which is erstwhile HELLA and also, we have NEOLITE 
which does apart from many others, which are smaller unorganized players. So this is the 
landscape of basically the competitive lighting industry within the country. I think almost all 
the lighting global giants of the world are currently present in India. 
Viraj: 
Just a follow-up on competitive landscape, especially for 2-wheelers. So for Hero, right, one of 
the existing vendor had issues and they were also looking to move away and look for new 
suppliers, especially the LED part of the business. So in that perspective, any colour you can 
give how large is that opportunity and where are we in that journey in terms of capitalizing 
that's one. 
 
And in case of PV, generally, as you indicated, the competition intensity is quite high while 
we're also looking to move our overall margin structure from 8%, 9% to 12%, 13%. So do you 
see a scenario where payers are expressing the price to get drive a higher win rate? Or any 
perspective you can give on the pricing trends in the industry? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. I think 2 things. Number one, I think on the 2-wheeler industry, particularly a question to 
Hero, yes, there has been, I think, some players which have had certain difficulties. It's also 
arise from a 2-wheeler industry going to put a downturn. I think the recent resurgence we've 
seen is very recent, which is only in about last, I would say, 8 to 9 months. 
However, prior to that, it had been a very stressed industry and some of the players lighting 
and non-lighting are done, particularly the player, which we do compete with Hero that had an 
issue. But I think Hero in the supply chain has balanced it out. We, as Lumax have their largest 
chunk share, and we have also grown the Hero count. 
I think in the 4-wheeler, you're right, the competition intensity is quite high. I think the 
company we see that last 4 years or 5 years, the competency intensity has actually increased. 
And because of that, I think our focus has been to actually get now businesses. 
 
Primarily, we see the majority of the OEMs in the 4-wheeler. And I would say from a strategic 
point of view, how Lumax sees it, there are basically 3 big blocks. There is basically Toyota 
and Maruti one alliance, which is almost controlling 50% of the market. You have the Indian 
alliance or Indian basically makers, which would be do Mahindra and Tata, which is doing 
almost close to about 25%. And then you have the Korea with Hyundai and Kia, which is also 
doing about close to 23%. So if I actually have the 3 blocks. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
November 14, 2024 
Page 9 of 13 
 
 
We actually would cater about 85% to 90%. For Hyundai Kia, Lumax Group caters through 
associate company SL Lumax. And for the other 2, we are actually focusing on getting more 
wallet share and basically acquiring more businesses and this is translating into the order book. 
 
So if you see the order book, obviously, Maruti is a big count. Also Mahindra is actually a big 
count, and that's what we're trying to sustain. In terms of margins, there are margin pressures 
because of the highest competency, but we do believe that coming into better capital 
utilization, operational efficiencies and localization, we will be able to improve our margins. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Heet Vora from Guardian Capital Partners. 
Heet Vora: 
So one of the questions that I had was a given our share of LED has been improving. We 
haven't seen that replicate into margins. While I understand the fact that the industry has been a 
bit slow, but the fact that the realizations are very high for LED. Why isn't that sort of 
replicating into our margins? 
Anmol Jain: 
So you're absolutely right. So let's say, in FY '24, almost close to 40% of the total revenue 
came from LED. So the LED share was, give or take, INR1,000 crores of the total pie. And for 
FY '25 full year, I'm looking at probably a 50% share which would translate maybe roughly 
around, let's say, INR1,500 crores of LED contribution. So the additional LED revenues have 
been INR500 crores on a year-on-year basis. 
Now I've always said that LED have got a higher raw material consumption, largely because of 
the higher import content, vis-a-vis, a non-LED lamp, which is mostly localized. So there is 
almost a 10% gap with respect to the material consumption on our LED lamp versus a non-
LED lamp. 
 
And that's why even at a 25% material margin of this INR500 crores incremental revenue of 
LED, you're looking at a INR125-odd crores contribution and largely this INR125 crores 
contribution has been offsetted by additional of fixed cost and lower capacity utilization 
currently, let's say, in the new Chakan facility and more specifically also in the Gujarat facility 
because we had geared up for one of the forthcoming models of Maruti Suzuki, the EV 
platform, which has had a 2 quarter delay and has been pushed to FY '26. So the fixed cost has 
been incurred but the models have been delayed and hence, the revenue has not kicked in. 
 
Similarly, in Chakan, the fixed costs were incurred the XUV700 production did interimly go 
through a very bad phase where it did drop significantly. It has been restored lately. So for 
these reasons, I think the contribution -- additional contribution from LED has not directly 
moved to the bottom line. 
The fixed costs have somewhat negated or neutralized that additional contribution. As I 
mentioned, going forward, let's say, quarter 4 onwards, when we do see capacity realizations to 
be much higher. These fixed costs will get offsetted, and you will start seeing the LED 
penetration adding to the bottom line. 
Heet Vora: 
Just one more follow-up on the Chakan plant. So what we feel like the bookings for Thar 
ROXX have been really good. And I mean are you seeing that in your numbers? And are you 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
November 14, 2024 
Page 10 of 13 
 
expecting this capacity utilization post the Thar ROXX numbers to sort of pick up given the 
order bookings are super strong? 
Anmol Jain: 
Yes. So we have been told by our customers that starting January 2025, they actually want to 
ramp up the production of Thar ROXX to almost the double of what it is today to reduce the 
waiting periods at the consumer level. So the company is geared up. And as I said, we expect a 
significant rise on the Thar ROXX revenue with not much of investment. We may have to just 
duplicate certain lines, but that would be a very small investment bucket. But yes, on the Thar 
ROXX, we do expect a sizable increase on that models revenue in quarter 4 onwards. 
Heet Vora: 
And just one last question, in our previous call, you have been mentioning that we are looking 
at sort of making our capex bit more prudent in order to sort of ensure that our ROCE also 
improved. So what are the steps are that we're placing sort of in this direction? 
Anmol Jain: 
So there are multiple steps. As I mentioned, the capex guidance for the current year would be 
similar to the total outlay of capex last year. However, the buckets keep changing, a lot of the 
capex this year would be on the new capacities of Chakan, also some of the Phase 2, also some 
of the Gujarat brownfield expansion. Next year, despite a strong order book, we do not 
anticipate any significant investments in the operational capacity. 
So as I said, we do expect a 30% reduction in the total annual outlay of capex next year, vis-a-
vis, the current year. We are consolidating certain, let's say, processes, we are consolidating the 
manufacturing operations not necessarily shutting down facilities, but moving certain products 
from one plant to the other to get better capacity utilization and to get a better realization of 
our fixed costs. That's one of the reasons. 
 
Second, I think we are also actively pursuing a make or buy decision. So we will be investing 
in critical processes in critical machines, which are important to be done in-house with the 
highest quality standards and certain noncore processes, we are looking at outsourcing to 
certain supplier partners. 
So there are multiple aspects even on nonoperations on R&D, we are seeing how we can 
reduce our total capex. So there are multiple steps which are being undertaken by the 
management team to try and reduce this capex in the next couple of years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Alisha Mahawla from Envision Capital. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Sir, first is a clarification. When is the Chakan Phase 2 expected in FY '26 and the Sanand 
brownfield will everything be H1 or... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you ma'am. I request you to use the handset, please. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Just wanted to reconfirm when the Chakan Phase 2 come online in FY '26 and the Sanand 
brownfield also? 
Anmol Jain: 
So the Chakan Phase 2 should get into SOP somewhere in quarter 2 of FY '26 aligned with the 
model launches of our OEMs. The brownfield expansion of Gujarat will come into streamlined 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
November 14, 2024 
Page 11 of 13 
 
by quarter 1 of FY '26. So earlier, it was planned for quarter 3 in the current financial year. But 
as I mentioned, it has been deferred by 2 quarters because of model launch delays by certain 
OEMs. However, the investments and fixed costs have been already incurred. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Understood. And just going back to the -- what the previous participant was asking with 
respect to margins, while you did explain that incremental contribution of LED has not 
translated because of incremental fixed cost. So like what contribution of LED will we start 
seeing the flow in the margins? 
Anmol Jain: 
So I think it's not necessarily with a contribution even at 50% which is currently the LED 
penetration. We do expect the margins to improve. As I said, the margins have been largely 
suppressed in the current quarter or even possibly in the Q3 because of operational capacity 
utilization and fixed cost being high because of a lower offtake than what was planned. We do 
foresee that by quarter 4 will stand corrected. And hence, you will start seeing a jump in the 
EBITDA margins from quarter 4 of this financial year onwards. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
 H1 of next year, we'll still have incremental costs coming from the new facilities that are 
starting. Also, what would be the incremental capacity that will come online because of 
Chakan and Sanand? 
Anmol Jain: 
So the Sanand will be only insignificant about 100,000 vehicle capacity, which has already 
been added. The Chakan Phase 2, which comes in next financial year, will add about 0.25 
million vehicle sets of 4-wheelers in the total capacity. So as a company, we would be close to 
around 0.4 million additional capacity in FY '26. 
There should not be any significant incremental costs because most of the costs have been 
incurred already from a fixed cost perspective. And hence, I reiterate that from quarter 4 or 
even H1 of FY '26, we do anticipate the margins to expand on better realization of capacities 
and fixed costs. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Understood. And just circling back to our revenue guidance of 15% to 20% despite stronger 
growth in H1, we're expecting Thar ROXX production to double, which should lead to 
significant revenue jump up for us plus the Maruti EV model, plus still another 30% of our 
order book may be starting in H2. In light of that, is our top line guidance conservative for FY 
'25? 
Anmol Jain: 
So I think FY '25, I continue to maintain that you see a 20% growth. So please don't look at the 
25% growth because that includes some mould sales which significantly changed on a quarter-
on-quarter basis because of a strong model launch during quarter 2, we've seen a significantly 
higher tool revenue. But for the full year, the tool revenue is broadly in the similar vicinity 
every year. 
So looking at the manufacturing sales, we've had a 20% growth in H1 and quarter 1, quarter 2, 
both were at 20% consistently. And we do expect there are some headwinds, there are some 
inventory corrections at the OEM level which we do foresee happening in quarter 3. So quarter 
3 may not be a quarter which may have about 20% growth. Similarly, in quarter 4, we do 
foresee a growth maybe similar 15odd percent. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
November 14, 2024 
Page 12 of 13 
 
 
So as a full year FY '25, I continue to maintain the same guidance of anywhere between a 15% 
to 20% growth on manufacturing sales on a year-on-year basis. However, this growth, as you 
rightly said, in FY '26 will be higher primarily because of the full year realization of Chakan 
facility primarily because of the first new EV model of Maruti Suzuki kicking in and a higher, 
let's say, Thar ROXX volume for the full year of FY '26. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Understood. And post Chakan Phase 2 and Sanand, what would be the peak revenue that all of 
this capacity we will be able to achieve? 
Anmol Jain: 
Close to INR1,000 crores on an annualized basis, but we close -- we expect to realize this peak 
revenues somewhere in FY '28. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
And currently, the rest of our capacity is all operating at the peak utilization? 
Anmol Jain: 
Not peak, but let us say, some between anywhere 70% to 85% would be the utilization levels 
across various plants, depending on the customer mix. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Understood. And just one last clarification. The other income this quarter is lower, and 
generally, we booked some manufacturing incentive or PLI incentive and other income? 
Ravi Teltia: 
Yes. So in this quarter, the other income is primarily related to the subsidy, which we are 
receiving from government. In quarter 1, we received the final eligibility certificate. So 
therefore, for last financial year, we book that one. So this quarter is a normal subsidy booking 
for the -- related to this quarter only. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Sorry, in Q1, what -- sorry, sir, I can't hear you, could you just repeat that Q1. 
Ravi Teltia: 
So in Q1, we had both the subsidy related to the last financial year, close to INR6.5 crores and 
that's because in Q1 only we received the final eligibility certificate related to Sanand facility. 
And in Q2, we have booked only for the quarter 2. 
Moderator: 
The next follow-up question is from the line of Saumil Shah from Paras Investments. 
Saumil Shah: 
Just wanted your views. Are we getting any hints of slowdown in passenger vehicle segment? 
Deepak Jain: 
So I think the passenger vehicle segment anyway, the outlook for the year was a very low 
single digit. There are -- I think it's very too early to say. If they would have asked me this 
question in September, I would have said yes. But if you see, there has been some tick and 
uptick in the festive season and they've actually reduced the inventory. 
We actually -- if I look at the industry, we do believe there are headwinds, and there would be 
a bit of slowdown. However, if I look at it from a company perspective because the company 
does get basically orders whenever new product launches are happening, and we are bullish on 
the upcoming launches, which will be particularly on the space where Mahindra and Maruti 
will be coming in, and we are on that model. So hence, for us, we can sustain basically the 
growth moment. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lumax Industries Limited 
 
November 14, 2024 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, couple of calls back, sir, we had a discussion of -- on our equity base. 
Our equity base is too low. So I mean, are we doing anything on that front to increase the 
equity? 
Deepak Jain: 
As of now, we have no plans right now. We do continue to basically look -- have you also 
understand, Stanley is also an equitable partner, and both promoters holding 75%. As of now, 
we basically have no plans. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, we'll take this as a last question. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Deepak Jain: 
Well, I'd like to take this opportunity to thank everyone for joining into this call. We will keep 
the investor community posted on a regular basis for updates on the company. I hope we've 
been able to address all the queries. And for any further information, please get in touch with 
us or the Strategic Growth Advisers, our Investor Relations Advisers. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Lumax Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
