 
18th November, 2024 
 
  To, 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 539523 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, 
Mumbai 400 051. 
Scrip Symbol: ALKEM 
 
Sub: Q2 FY2025 - Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
Dear Sir(s) / Madam, 
 
We enclose herewith the transcript of “Q2 FY2025 Earnings Conference Call” which was hosted 
by the Company on Wednesday, 13th November, 2024.  
 
The said transcript shall also be made available on the website of the Company. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
 
Sincerely, 
For Alkem Laboratories Limited 
 
 
 
 
Manish Narang 
President - Legal, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
 
MANISH 
NARANG
Digitally signed by 
MANISH NARANG 
Date: 2024.11.18 
16:30:54 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“Alkem Laboratories Limited 
Q2 FY 25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 13, 2024 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. VIKAS GUPTA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
ALKEM LABORATORIES LIMITED 
 
MR. NITIN AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ALKEM LABORATORIES LIMITED 
 
MS. PURVI SHAH -- HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
ALKEM LABORATORIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. TUSHAR MANUDHANE – MOTILAL OSWAL 
FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 

 
Alkem Laboratories Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Alkem Labs Results Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Tushar Manudhane. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Thanks, Joshua. Good evening, and a warm welcome to 2Q FY '25 Earnings Call of Alkem 
Laboratories. From the management side, we have Dr. Vikas Gupta, CEO; Mr. Nitin Agarwal, 
CFO; and Ms. Purvi Shah, Head of Investor Relations. Over to you, Purvi. 
Purvi Shah: 
Thank you, Tushar. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our call for Q2 and 
H1 of FY '25. Earlier in the day, we've released our financial results, press release and investor 
presentation, which are also posted on our website. We hope you all have had the opportunity to 
review it. 
 
Before we proceed with this call, we would like to remind everyone that it is being recorded and 
the call transcript will later be available on our website. We would also like to add that today's 
discussion may include certain forward-looking statements, which must be viewed in 
conjunction with the risks that our business faces. After the end of this call, if any of your queries 
remain unanswered, please feel free to contact us. 
 
I now hand over the call to our CEO, Dr. Vikas, for his comments. Over to you, sir. Thank you. 
Vikas Gupta: 
Thank you, Purvi. Good evening, everyone. We really appreciate your presence for today's 
second quarter as well as H1 FY '25 earnings call. We are pleased to share that the outcomes of 
our strategic initiatives designed to enhance the profitability have proven effective. We are 
prioritizing a high-margin product mix aligning more effectively with the market demands and 
implementing various cost control measures to mitigate inefficiencies, which are supporting 
EBITDA margin growth. 
 
In the domestic market, our focus remains on augmenting the growth of our large brands and 
making strategic portfolio additions. We also see significant opportunities for growth in our 
emerging markets business. I'll now present an overview of the operational and financial 
achievements for H1 as well as the second quarter of FY '25. 
 
Key highlights for H1. The total revenue from operations saw a modest growth of 0.6%, but 
earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization were INR13,615 million, resulting 
in an EBITDA margin of 21.1% versus 17.7% in H1 FY '24. 
 
EBITDA increased by 19.9% Y-o-Y. Net profit was INR12,338 million with Y-o-Y growth of 
36%. As per IQVIA data for H1, the company has registered a growth of 7.1% Y-o-Y. During 

 
Alkem Laboratories Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
H1, we have outperformed in 6 therapy areas, which are namely GI, VMN antidiabetic, neuro, 
gynac and derma. 
 
Coming to the key highlights of Q2 FY '25 financial performance. The net profit was INR6,886 
million with a Y-o-Y growth of 11%. As per IQVIA data, the company registered a growth of 
6.3%, and we have outperformed in 7 therapies as far as Q2 is concerned. 
 
According to IQVIA data, our company registered a positive volume growth of 1.1% in a 
challenging market that witnessed a 0% volume growth in Q2. PAN is growing at 12.8% 
compared to the market growth of 7.3% on a MAT basis. And I'm also happy to share that for 
the first time, we have reached the second ramp in the IPM, the PAN as a brand is a second-time 
brand as far as the whole pharmaceutical industry is concerned. 
 
Thank you for your patient listening, and I would now open the floor for any questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The first question is from the line of Kunal Dhamesha from Macquarie. 
Please go ahead.  
Kunal Dhamesha: 
The first one on the U.S. business. I believe that we are supposed to launch more than 1 product 
in this quarter, and there were a few relaunches were also planned in this quarter, but I see we've 
launched only 1 product. So are we expecting more products to be launched in the coming 
quarter? And how should we think about the U.S. overall run rate for FY '25, since H1 looks 
quite weak? 
Vikas Gupta: 
Yes. So thanks, Kunal. So I'll give you an overall view on the U.S. business and not only about 
the new launches. Yes, we launched 1 product in Q2, which was also a very small product, 
differentiated product. But if you look at Q3, we are expecting to launch another product, which 
we have received a cGMP with 180 days exclusivity. And we are also planning -- we have also 
received approval for sacubitril-valsartan in the U.S. market, so which we will see how we are 
going ahead with the launches. 
 
But if you look at the overall U.S. business, as I mentioned in the last quarter as well, we had 
certain supply chain challenges in the U.S. business in the past because of which we -- in the last 
2 quarters, we have seen a significant volume degrowth and perhaps a price erosion as well. So 
because of that, in the first half, our U.S. business has been quite weak. 
 
But going forward, we expect that to improve -- so in the second half, we are expecting much 
better performance as far as the U.S. business is concerned. So that's -- and on the new launches, 
I think I've already answered. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
So sir, on a year-on-year basis, how should we think about? Will it be a slight decline on a year-
on-year basis? 
Vikas Gupta: 
Yes. So looking at the H1 performance, we are expecting a mid-single-digit kind of erosion in 
the overall U.S. business. But if you look at the Q2, we have had a volume degrowth of around 

 
Alkem Laboratories Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
18.7%, we have had price erosion of around 6%. So that puts us, overall, on the H1 basis, at a 
15% degrowth as far as the U.S. market is concerned. But as we look at the annual numbers, we 
expect H2 performance to be better. So annually, we may land at a flattish to a mid-single-digit 
kind of erosion in the U.S. business. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure. And sir, on the profitability with the measures that we have taken and probably volume 
degrowth is a function of some of those efficiency measures, which I assume... 
Vikas Gupta: 
Can you please be a bit louder, Kunal, I'm not able to hear you. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Yes. So I'm saying that on the profitability of the U.S. business, probably because of the 
efficiency measures we have taken, are we doing better in the first half versus, let's say, full year 
last year? And how should we think about the trend going forward for the U.S. business 
profitability? 
Vikas Gupta: 
Yes, the profitability has definitely improved in U.S. business because, one, we have improved 
the efficiency. And second, there have been certain calls that we have taken where certain 
products, the pricing has become unviable. So rather than just chasing our top line, I think our 
focus largely on U.S. business has been on improving the profitability. So that is something that 
has really improved. 
 
Even in the product mix, if you see, our product mix is very different from what we had it in the 
last year. And perhaps there is -- those have been some of the reasons that have contributed to 
the overall erosion in the U.S. business. But I think so far, also H1 to H1, our profitability is 
better as compared to last year from the U.S. business, and we expect this trend to even get better 
in the H2. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
So on a pre-R&D basis, would we be like mid-single-digit, low double-digit EBITDA... 
Vikas Gupta: 
Kunal, you'll have to be a bit louder. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Yes, I'm saying on a pre-R&D basis, our U.S. business would be at what kind of profitability? 
Any particular range that you can direct us to? 
Vikas Gupta: 
See, we have never shared the segmental country-level profitability. But yes, overall, EBITDA-
wise, we all know that U.S. is a lesser EBITDA business as compared to our overall EBITDA. 
But we are improving over there and our intent would be to get it closer to our at least overall 
EBITDA margin, so the -- and not be dilutive, which will happen over a period of time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Damayanti Kerai from HSBC. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
My first question is on India business. So can you explain the key reason for like why Alkem 
has lagged market growth in key therapies like anti-infectives, gastro, pain and cardiac for 
second quarter? And in H1, Alkem is below IPM. So in that context, will you be revising your 
guidance of on par growth with the market for FY '25? 

 
Alkem Laboratories Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Vikas Gupta: 
Thanks, Damayanti, for your question. Actually, if you see it's only anti-infectives where we 
have had -- see cardio is, we do not have a big cardio portfolio. So I would say -- and in GI, if 
you look at the overall H1, we have outperformed the market. So in GI, we do not see -- foresee 
too much of a challenge. 
 
In anti-infectives -- first, I will take the question on the overall growth being maybe 1% lesser 
than the overall market growth. So the delta is not huge, but what has happened is since acute 
market has grown much lesser. And as a company, we have a higher weightage of acute business. 
 
While the market is just 62% acute and 38% chronic, in our case, we are more than 80% acute 
business. So what happens is when acute business slows down, it becomes -- it's more of a 
weighted average issue, that becomes a little issue. 
 
Second, on the anti-infectives, if you look at the portfolio mix of anti-infectives, we have had a 
struggle on the injectable piece of anti-infectives -- which is a very low-margin business. So 
with our improved focus on profitability, we have always given more weightage to doing more 
profitable sales. 
 
So I think that is one area where we need to do much better in the coming months. Coming to 
the overall guidance of our domestic growth, we are very bullish about our domestic growth. 
Even if you compare H1 to H1, we have grown faster than what we were growing in H1 of last 
year. On an annualized basis, I foresee -- still I will maintain our overall expectation of close to 
8% to 9% kind of growth. 
 
So that is something that we are very bullish about. And H2 will be a lot better than H1. There 
were certain other measures also that we had taken internally, improving the efficiency. So we 
have had certain challenges because of that. So on domestic, I would maintain our guidance of 
8% to 9% growth even for the annualized basis. And in that, Q4 is going to be pretty strong for 
us this time. So that's our outlook. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Yes. So just want to understand this acute -- sorry, anti-infectives piece better. So I think when 
we do year-on-year comparison, last year obviously was, I guess, washout in terms of low rain 
or erratic rain, et cetera. But this year, I guess, monsoon has been much better, right? 
 
And then in that context, I thought we'll be seeing a better pickup in anti-infectives. But do you 
think there is some delay in terms of seasonal uptick for this category? And maybe we will see 
some recovery in third quarter? 
Vikas Gupta: 
See, like I said, nobody can predict when the diseases would set in. I can just give you a broad 
outlook as that this year, it was expected to be far more better than last year. It is a shade better, 
but clearly nowhere -- you can see the volume growth of the industry. 
 
The -- it's -- in Q2, where the industry has had a 0% kind of volume growth. Whereas, we have 
had a good -- at least 1% volume growth. So that's the silver lining. What is also happening is 
we have a higher weightage of the NLEM portfolio, and that's largely on the anti-infectives side, 

 
Alkem Laboratories Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
again. This year, the price increase possible on the NLEM portfolio is 0. It's 0.05% kind of, 
which is negligible. 
 
Whereas, last year, there was a 12% increase that was possible only as pricing as a lever. So I 
think all factors put together, the industry is where it is. But -- as far as our internal growths are 
concerned, even in the current scenario, the way the market is moving, even in that scenario, we 
are pretty bullish about that 8% to 9% of growth coming from the domestic. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Sure. My second and last question is, can you update us on status of Enzene plant in terms of 
completion, start of supplies, et cetera? 
Vikas Gupta: 
So Enzene plant, you mean the U.S. plant? 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Yes. 
Vikas Gupta: 
Yes. So the work is in progress. We maintain with our expected time lines of Q4 to -- at the most 
Q1 of next financial year. And we expect -- so our order book has already started. It's already 
started getting orders basis the progress of the plant. We expect that the production to begin 
latest by -- I mean, Q4 to Q1, that is how I'll put it. So there is no significant delay that I would 
like to report as of now. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Sure. And you are already getting orders, as you said, order book is... 
Vikas Gupta: 
We've started getting a lot of queries. We've started getting some orders. Of course, further 
details, we'll give you at an appropriate time. But that's how I'll put forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saion Mukherjee from Nomura. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
My first question is regarding the full year guidance. I think you talked about 10% growth on 
top line and I think 18% EBITDA margin. What's your new guidance overall for the company 
now? 
Vikas Gupta: 
So overall, looking at the struggle that we have had in H1 from the U.S. business, I would say, 
on the top line, we would be mid-single-digit kind of growth as far as the overall top line is 
concerned. But when it comes to the overall margin, we are bullish about at least 100 basis point 
kind of improvement somewhere between 18.5% to 19%, I mean, a kind of EBITDA, that's the 
outlook that I would maintain. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Understood. On the U.S. business, we have seen fairly large volume decline and also you 
mentioned about price erosion. If you can take us through, is there something you have seen in 
the recent past, things have deteriorated for the portfolio? And how are you thinking from a 
slightly longer-term perspective for your U.S. business? 
Vikas Gupta: 
So like I mentioned, we had some internal challenges -- so as I mentioned, we had certain supply 
chain-related issues. So U.S. is one perennially price erosion market for vanilla generics kind of 

 
Alkem Laboratories Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
portfolio. Like I had said and we are seeing that trend as well, we have seen 6% to 7% kind of 
price erosion from the U.S. market in terms of pricing. 
 
The volume degrowth has largely been on account of our supply issues, which were there in the 
past. If you will look at our inventories had gone lesser. If you see last year, we had reported a 
service level penalty to the tune of INR140 crores because of our inability to supply a lot of 
products. In fact, when we started this year, we were at 38% back orders. Our back orders are 
now down to 2% in U.S. 
 
So what we have done is we have improved the inventory over there, but there were certain 
contracts where we had lost because we were not able to supply. Now gradually, since our 
inventory position is better over there, we expect U.S. to be better. But we would not go 
aggressive on pricing and erode margins to win back the top line. So that's the outlook on the 
U.S. So like I said, U.S. in H2, we are looking at a better performance. 
 
And on an annualized basis, we may be somewhere between a mid-single-digit kind of erosion 
overall on the top line. But in terms of profitability, we have improved as compared to last year, 
and we will continue our that journey even in times to come. So that's the way I'll put forward. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay. Sir, and just 1 last question on Enzene, if I can. So firstly, sir, on this facility that we are 
putting up in the U.S., you mentioned commissioning by Q4 to Q1, but you would require FDA 
inspection and approval for the facility before you make commercial production. So are you 
talking about starting operations there or you are talking about booking revenues starting from 
4Q and 1Q? 
 
And second, what's the kind of cost structure that we should bake into our estimates when you -
- when this plant come on stream? 
Vikas Gupta: 
So this is a CDMO biologic plant, okay? And where we would be doing more of preclinical to 
clinical kind of small production. So whatever the regulatory requirements would be, we would 
be complying with the same. And the time line that I'm giving is when we expect the production 
to really begin. So I hope that answers your question. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Yes. And sir, what would be the cost structure? 
Vikas Gupta: 
So there is a capex layout that we had specified even in the previous call, close to the tune of 
INR450 crores, and which I think that is what we are maintaining even from -- for now. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
And sir, operations, I'm looking at the P&L cost that will come when you start operating and 
maybe today, you're capitalizing those costs. So what is the cost structure there for this facility? 
Vikas Gupta: 
So I think once we start running the operations, it will be better that we give you more color on 
the operating cost over there. But if you look at our -- I think that will be covered by the order 
book that we will have because this is more CDMO work -- pricing, yes. And we are not 
capitalizing any of the expenses. 

 
Alkem Laboratories Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Nitin Agarwal: 
The plant is still not ready for the operations. So by quarter 4, it will be ready. And we are very 
hopeful that in the first year itself this will break even. But as of now, we have not capitalized 
any of the expenses. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
So you're not incurring any expense or you're not capitalizing the expenses? 
Nitin Agarwal: 
See, those are not very material. Few of the expenses we are incurring, those are not very 
material expenses. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Neha Manpuria from Bank of America. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Sir, my first question is a little bit on the margins. Based on your guidance, is it fair to assume 
that the INR100 crores to INR110 crores additional cost that you were talking about for the new 
businesses hasn't really started flowing through our P&L and a large part of that will come in 
the second half? Is that the right way to read that other than the -- because you are talking about 
better India growth in the second half, so I'm just wondering if bulk of that cost is yet to come. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Neha, this is Nitin. So you're right that in quarter 1, we said that around at max around INR100 
crores we will incur as pre-operating expenses for our MedTech and Enzene business. So as of 
now, we don't think we will cross at max INR60 crores to INR70 crores for both the MedTech 
and the Enzene U.S. plant. And that is why as Vikas said that there will be, say, improvement of 
around 1% in the EBITDA margin against last year by the year-end. So the expenses, the 
estimate for both for MedTech and Enzene which we have shared for the pre-operating expenses 
has come down. 
Neha Manpuria: 
And this will flow in from the second quarter, right? I mean, from the third quarter or has been... 
Nitin Agarwal: 
They'll will be from the third quarter onwards, yes. 
Vikas Gupta: 
Actually, Q3 and Q4. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Got It. And sorry, on the gross margins, I'm assuming part of the benefit that we are seeing in 
gross margins because the U.S. mix is lower. So how should we read the gross margins for the 
second half? Should this normalize to what we were doing previous year? 
Vikas Gupta: 
Yes. So see, there are 3 elements to why the gross margin has improved. First is definitely the 
API prices, as you must have seen all the other pharma companies also. So we also got a benefit 
of lower API prices that helped us to improve our gross margin. 
 
The second rightly said by you that though -- so because of the lower sales in U.S., which is a 
lower gross margin business as compared to our domestic business. So that has actually resulted 
into a better gross margin. And the third reason is within international also, and within domestic 
also, our product mix has improved, like the margins which we get in ROW market is much 
better, so the contribution of ROW market has increased in the overall business. So that has also 
resulted in better gross margins. 

 
Alkem Laboratories Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Neha Manpuria: 
Okay. And last one, if I may. Any update on the MedTech part of the business that we're 
investing in? What is the progress there? How should we think about this business over the next 
2 years? 
Vikas Gupta: 
So MedTech, as we have already said in a press release on the -- our deal with Exactech, which 
is a hip and knee replacement company brand in U.S. So we have signed a licensing technical 
know-how transfer agreement. And our plan is to launch the product sometime in quarter 1 or 
quarter 2 of next year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash from ithought. 
Yash: 
So sir, my question was regarding the anti-infectives therapy alone. So if I look at our MAT 
numbers, I think our brands like Clavam, Xone and Taxim, they have degrown on a MAT basis, 
MAT October '24. And even if I look at our annual report, which gives us the market share, 
molecule market share. So Clavam has lost market share around 15.6% to 15% and even Xone 
has lost market share from around 18% to 16.5%. So along with acute growing slowly, we have 
also lost market share in these certain molecules, which was supposed to be our big brands. So 
if you can share anything on this, that will be very helpful. 
Vikas Gupta: 
So I think I did address this point until some time back. See, a slight fluctuation in market shares 
keep happening if you will look at -- you have to look at this data more from a long-term window. 
So if you remember a few years ago, all the top brands during COVID period when the market 
uptick had gone up and seen significant gain in the market shares and a lot of smaller players 
who are competing in these markets had gone out of market during that time. So the market 
share is consolidated with the top brands. 
 
Now what has happened when the normalcy is actually coming back to the market, we see a lot 
of smaller players also coming back to the market. That is one reason. Second, you also have to 
see the geographic dependence on where these brands are. We have very strong presence in 
some of the eastern part of the market. 
 
So if your market growth would slow down on the Eastern side of the country, we will have a 
bigger impact on market share. But those are nitty-gritties. I would say -- I wouldn't go into those 
kind of nitty-gritties into specific brands why we have lost market share and this thing. 
 
I think these are all short-term trends. I would maintain our overall growth of the portfolio that 
I'm talking about. And we are seeing in the recent months, the internal growths are pretty 
encouraging on actually most of the brands that you mentioned. So market reflections sometimes 
keep fluctuating. Sometimes you get reflected more, sometimes you get reflected less. 
 
I think what we would be worried about is looking at the data in the more long-term basis. And 
as long as we are on the right track, which I think we are. And that's why I'm maintaining from 
our domestic market, the overall growth guidance of around 8% to 9%, and we expect given the 
overall IPM also to be within that range. I think if you will look at the overall financial year as 
we end the year, we should be very close to those numbers. That is what I would maintain. 

 
Alkem Laboratories Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
 
Yes, some brands do -- which are doing pretty well. Like if you will look at Pan, Pan D for that 
matter, we are seeing some of the highest growth that we have seen in the recent times as far as 
that portfolio is concerned. If you look at our other large brands, there is Pipzo, there is A To Z, 
which are, again, significantly large brands for us. 
 
Those brands are really outperforming. Look at Uprise-D3. Uprise-D3 has seen a very 
significant growth. So it's also sometimes a matter of how you align -- realign your internal 
focus. So I guess there are more positives than concerns in our domestic business that we have. 
And that's why we are very bullish of our overall growth of 8% to 8.5% as far as the overall year 
is concerned. 
Yash: 
That is very helpful. And my second question actually was regarding... 
Purvi Shah: 
We can take the next one please. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Jeewani from IIFL Securities Limited. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sir, on the MedTech business, if I'm correct, a partner Exactech is going through bankruptcy 
proceedings in the U.S. So would that lead to any change in terms of our partnership with them? 
And would we be looking for other partners then for this business? 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Yes. So you're right that they are going through a bankruptcy proceeding. But I think that is -- I 
don't want to comment on that because there is maybe some internal arrangements within the 
company and just to let you know the litigation, which they are facing, they may be transferring 
the ownership and all. 
 
But in terms of our, say, contracts with Exactech, that still remains, and we are going to get those 
brands assigned, the technical know-how transfer. So we are in constant touch with them. And 
operationally, we don't see any challenge or we don't see any change at Exactech, which will 
actually make us deviate from the original plan. So we're still on track, and we are very confident 
that we'll launch the product in quarter 1 of next year. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. My question was more from the perspective that given that the company would be 
would be engaged in those bankruptcy proceedings. So operationally, can they focus on 
transitioning, let's say, or committing to the partnership which they have with us? And whether 
we can actually launch the MedTech business in India in 1Q or 2Q of next year as you have 
guided? 
Nitin Agarwal: 
See, as I said that they have already started assigning. Many of the banks, they have already 
assigned to us. And even in terms of technical know-how, we have been in touch with them on 
a daily basis. And we don't see any challenge. So I think this is more for their internal 
rearrangement which they are doing, the change in ownership and all. So -- and I'm not the best 
guy to comment on it. 

 
Alkem Laboratories Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
 
But as per the information provided by them, I don't see any challenge in terms of they running 
their operations. So -- and also the proceedings and all, the legal claims and all because of which 
they are doing all the restructuring, those are not related to the brands which we have -- which 
we are getting assigned from them. So these are related to old brands. which are -- I don't think 
we are going to sell those banks in India. So for us, nothing changed. We are going ahead as per 
our original plan. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. And sir, my second question is on the anti-infectives business. Now you pointed out to 
the fact that our underperformance in the anti-infectives segment has been partly due to the fact 
that the weightage of the NLEM portfolio is higher on the anti-infectives side, but that would 
have impacted the growth for the overall anti-infectives market as well this year. But despite 
that, we have underperformed market growth in the anti-infectives segment. 
 
So I'm not quite sure I picked it up correctly in terms of what is driving our underperformance 
in the injectable segment in anti-infectives. So are we rationalizing some of these injectable anti-
infectives products, which are low-margin products and hence, we have been underperforming 
market growth? 
Vikas Gupta: 
So I think there are 2 parts to it. First, my comment on the NLEM was on the overall portfolio, 
not related to only the anti-infectives portfolio. So what I -- the second part was on the margin. 
So what I mentioned was that the injectable piece, anyways, if you see the injectable anti-
infectives market is a low margin as compared to whether your overall portfolio or whether you 
compare it to -- even amongst the anti-infectives that's the lowest margin portfolio. So you need 
a very different cost structure, and there are certain growth opportunities that you have to walk 
away with, right? 
 
So -- but that's -- I wouldn't overplay on to that. I think there is some delta of performance that 
needs to come up on the anti-infectives side as well. What I meant was, overall, our domestic 
guidance irrespective of whether the anti-infectives therapy or whether any other therapy, 
overall, our domestic growth guidance would continue to be around 8% to 9%, and that is what 
we are bullish about. 
 
Yes, there will be certain segments where we will have certain struggles maybe because of 
operational reasons, maybe because of certain geographies which have underperformed, and we 
have a higher weightage from those geographies. So I think my point was more on the weighted 
average side of some of the geographic dependence of certain brands. 
 
But in the coming months, we see even that aspect to get covered. Everything all put together 
has to contribute to an overall growth of the organization and a profitable growth for the 
organization. So I think that is our intent, which is on which we are moving. 
 
So even on this aspect, we have taken a note of it, and we have taken certain corrective measures 
also. So coming quarters, we would see a better performance even on that particular category. 
Today, there are -- in last quarter, there are 7 therapies, where actually we have outperformed 

 
Alkem Laboratories Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
the market. So this is one area which still needs some more time for us to come back, and I'm 
sure over a period of time, we will start outperforming in this category as well. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. Sir, just 1 last question... 
Vikas Gupta: 
And let me tell you, internal growth numbers are not so alarming for us for some of the therapies. 
Sometimes, market doesn't pick up the see-through picture. But I mean, I take it the way it is 
reported. I guess, we have our -- taken our actions on -- in the right direction, and we will report 
good numbers even going forward. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. Just 1 last question from my end. The growth for the overall acute market in India has 
been pretty weak for past, let's say, an 18-month period. And when we were initially coming out 
of COVID, expectation was that the high base of COVID was impacting growth for some of 
these acute therapies, but that doesn't seem to be the case as such. So what can you highlight in 
terms of what is leading to weakness in the acute market? And when do you see things picking 
up on the acute side? 
Vikas Gupta: 
See, I think there are various elements to it. One, the COVID base that we have spoken about, 
when the -- when you see this kind of growth that happens in 1 or 1.5 years, and that happened 
in the acute side, it takes a while for it to really come back because there is a lot of channel 
buying that happens during that phase. 
 
And that channel buying takes a period of time for it to get normalized. So I guess some of the 
numbers that we are looking at are more on -- to coming off that very high base. Now second 
impact has been on the NLEM side as well. The wholesale price index related, the price increase 
possible on NLEM, this year portfolio has been just -- has been 0. 
 
The price as a lever of growth is also contributing to slow down the overall growth on the acute 
side. Now I think on the volumes, we would start seeing -- it's a matter of time, but I guess from 
Q4, we should see better growth even in the overall market. If you -- that's my estimate. 
 
But of course, that will be crystal ball gazing and we would see when we get there. 
Fundamentally, I can tell you, nothing much has changed. These are some of the therapies where 
a lot of external factors play a role sometimes. I think we are just going through that patch of a 
time where it is showing sluggish growth. 
 
But I think from a long-term basis, if you will look at the -- on a 3-year to 5-year window, this 
gets normalized. That has been the trend in the past, and that is what we are seeing -- my sense 
is we'll see that even in times to come. Because even on the acute side, if you have to break it 
down further, there are therapies which are growing much faster. 
 
So it's only anti-infectives, which is seeing that kind of stress. The other therapies have started 
showing good numbers as far as their growth are concerned. So I think it's a matter of time that 
these growths will also pick up. 

 
Alkem Laboratories Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from ICICI Securities. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Sir, a couple of questions. First, on the U.S. front. So any color you would like to provide with 
regards to sacubitril-valsartan launch? And any update on -- are we into a litigation into this 
product? Or by when launch this product into the U.S. market? 
Vikas Gupta: 
So we got the approval for sacubitril-valsartan. But as you know that there is a litigation going 
on with one of the players with Novartis. So we will -- we are just waiting and we will watch 
how that proceeds. And then accordingly, we will take a call on going ahead with the launch for 
that particular product. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Okay. Sure. Understood. And second is on the Enzene business. So in terms of the biosimilars, 
can you provide us any update on the development time line of the existing products what you 
were doing? 
Vikas Gupta: 
Sorry, on the biosimilars? 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Yes. If you could provide us with any update on how many launches we have done so far and 
how do we see the portfolio ramping up? And in the past, I think we have talked about incurring 
close to INR100 crores of R&D, so is that number intact or is this close in that as well? 
Vikas Gupta: 
 So far, we have got 7 products to the market, 7 biosimilars, okay? And we are actually -- if you 
look at for the global markets, we are working on 5 products. But our sense is that at least 2 
products to 3 products is something that we will be very clear to -- yes, and that's a long-term 
play. That's for more than -- if you to ask me a 5-year plan, so that's our plan. 
 
The most recent being the clinical trial for denosumab, we have completed the clinical trial. And 
now the further work for that will begin. So that is for the U.S. market, and I'm talking for the 
global markets now. In India, we have commercialized 7 of the biosimilars as on date. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Foram Parekh from BOB Caps. 
Foram Parekh: 
My first question is on the domestic side. So the chronic side is around 20%, 21% currently. So 
any strategy or any thought process to increase the chronic side of the business? And to what 
extent can we see the contribution increasing in the near term, is my first question? 
Vikas Gupta: 
Okay. So I've always maintained, chronic is our highest focus within the domestic segment. You 
would have seen the IQVIA data as well. We are outperforming in the focus markets within the 
chronic. Chronic, our focus has been in diabetes -- in actually 4 such segments. We are actually 
outperforming in IQVIA. 
 
Now I haven't done the calculation of the percentage to chronic, but I can clearly tell you that 
chronic is growing -- will grow much faster than our growth in acute owing to 2 reasons: one, 
the chronic market is growing faster; second, our base is lesser, so we will outperform the market 
also even on the chronic growth side, right? 

 
Alkem Laboratories Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
So you can do your calculation and math a bit better. But I would say, as we move along, for the 
next 3 years, our growth in chronic is going to be much, much higher than what the market 
growth is. And that should result in an improvement in the overall percentage of chronic business 
as compared to our overall pie. 
Foram Parekh: 
Okay. So in that case, can we expect our EBITDA margin to inch up to closer to 25% from 
current run rate because as the chronic pie increases? 
Vikas Gupta: 
Yes, but that will happen over a period of time. So I think you're very bullish on some of these 
things. I have always maintained that we will work on improving our EBITDA every year by at 
least 100 basis points and which is what I'm giving the guidance even for the current financial 
year. 
 
And so far, touchwood, the results have -- they give us this confidence that we are on the right 
track, and we should be able to do that. Now as we move along or if we are able to lay our hands 
on some assets which helps us get there faster, that might happen. But otherwise, I'll continue 
with our similar expectation that over a period of time, we would look at improving our EBITDA 
margins by 100 basis points with every passing year. 
Foram Parekh: 
Okay. And my second question is on the ROW side. So could you just give me -- give us like 
what's happening in the ROW side? I mean what is driving the growth there? And how 
sustainable would it be? 
Vikas Gupta: 
 So if you look at the ROW, our focus has been very good. Other than the U.S. and Chile, if I 
look at the other ROW markets, we have grown by almost 30% as far as second quarter is 
concerned. So our -- all other markets where we have improved focus, we are going to do more 
filings now. 
 
We are looking at strategic partnerships. We are looking at out-licensing partners. There are key 
markets that we are going to focus on going forward. So I see that kind of growth to continue. 
And that will reduce our overall dependence on the U.S. and the Chile business that we have as 
of now. 
 
So I think it's only U.S. market where we have this concern among the international business. 
But our ROW business, we are pretty bullish and we -- see, all these markets have a gestation 
period. Whatever dossiers we would start filing from now, would start showing us results 2 years 
from now. So we are doing a lot of work to grow the ROW business. 
 
So I think 2 years, 3 years down the line, that would also show a very different picture, and that's 
definitely a much higher margin business as compared to the U.S. market. So I think overall, 
that should also help us in improving our overall EBITDA. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Dhamesha from Macquarie. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sir, for our India business, what would be the split for trade and branded generic business? 

 
Alkem Laboratories Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Vikas Gupta: 
So it's around 80-20. It's around 20% of our business is trade generic, yes. But even on the trade 
generic business, we are seeing good improvement in the overall margins. So I think that's a 
point that I would like to highlight. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
And then what is driving this improvement, sir, for us? 
Vikas Gupta: 
Better mix, better pricing. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Okay. And when you -- when we are seeing this lower growth on the India side. Is there any 
part, either it's Rx business or the trade generic business, which is growing more slower... 
Vikas Gupta: 
See, I'm not getting into the therapy level of growth and the division level growth. But I would 
say overall, again, I will repeat, we are very bullish about our domestic market growth. By the 
year-end, we should see between 8% to 9% kind of growth if everything goes well. And Q4, 
especially, we are pretty bullish about our overall domestic growth to come back. 
 
So I think we will see similar kind of growth on both sides of the portfolio. So it's not that 1 
portfolio is not growing and the other portfolio is growing. I think we are seeing similar kind of 
growth, 1% here and there on both sides of the portfolio. So we are very bullish about the entire 
space. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
So sir, on the Q4 comment, typically, Q4 is roughly, on a sequential basis, around 8% to 10% 
lower... 
Vikas Gupta: 
Sorry? 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Q4 typically is 8% to 10% lower than Q3 on an average for... 
Vikas Gupta: 
I'm talking growth. I'm not saying absolute value. What I'm saying is our Q4 growth may be 
much higher than -- so I was talking more about growth. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Than the rest of the quarter? 
Vikas Gupta: 
Yes, yes. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Probably because the base is favorable because last year same quarter, we had like 2% degrowth, 
is that one of the reason? 
Vikas Gupta: 
Yes, some of it is base, but some of it is also the work that we are doing on the demand side. We 
expect our demand to reach at that level that it will translate into good growth as far as Q4 is 
concerned. 
 
Chronic businesses take a while for the overall sales to grow -- for the demand to grow. And the 
way it is growing, I'm bullish that in Q4 that will help us report overall a much better growth 
than what we have reported in Q1 and Q2. 

 
Alkem Laboratories Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure, sir. One for CFO sir. On the FX, forex gain or loss, is there anything baked into other 
expenses for this quarter? Any gain or loss? 
Nitin Agarwal: 
So this quarter, we actually had a forex gain. So there is nothing which is built into the other 
expenses. So at YTD level also, the rates have been favorable for us. So we have gained on 
account of forex, which is reported not as part of EBITDA because it is reported under other 
income. But yes, last year, there was a component of forex loss in quarter 2 and H1. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Okay. And 1 last one on the U.S. business. I think we have 145 products approved, how many 
products would we have in the market currently? 
Vikas Gupta: 
Around 100. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Around 100. And others, we have basically rationalized, but we are still keeping the ANDAs 
active for that, is that the... 
Vikas Gupta: 
We have the ANDAs. Some of these products, we are bound by the agreements that we have to 
launch when the market opens. We have settled with the innovator. Some of these products do 
not make sense for us to launch because the pricing is so unfavorable for some of those molecules 
that it would not make any sense for us to get these products to the market. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure, sir. And then last one on this product called generic Myrbetriq, I think we have tentative 
approval there as well. Do you think that could be a near-term opportunity for us? 
Vikas Gupta: 
Sorry, come again. Can you repeat your question, please? 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
The generic Myrbetriq, I think have a tentative approval... 
Vikas Gupta: 
You mean Mirabegron? 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Yes, Mirabegron.  
Vikas Gupta: 
So I think I answered in the last call as well. We are bound by the settlement that we have with 
the innovator. So others who have launched it has been -- it has been an at-risk launch for them. 
So we will be launching it only post '26. So that is how -- because we are already bound by the 
agreement that we have signed with the innovator. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Is it calendar '26 or FY '26? 
Vikas Gupta: 
I think it is -- I do not have the exact month at hand, but I think it is post FY '26 is what we will 
see. Whenever that market opens up. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saion Mukherjee from Nomura. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Just a couple of items on the balance sheet. So Nitin, can you explain there is an increase in 
inventory level. I mean, though we haven't grown much in the first half and raw material prices 

 
Alkem Laboratories Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
in general have come down. So I see from March period, the inventory levels have gone up even 
from a year ago period, it is quite high. And? 
 
The second on the balance sheet is on the noncurrent investments. Can you explain the rise there? 
Nitin Agarwal: 
So on the inventory part, Saion, we have -- firstly, we have increased our inventory levels in the 
U.S. because in FY '24, our inventory levels went down quite substantially in the U.S. market, 
and that was also planned because we wanted to focus on high-margin customers and also high-
margin products. 
 
And we see a lot of failure-to-supply penalties in FY '24, which was around INR140 crores. And 
also, we lost a few of the customers in the U.S. on account of not having adequate inventory. 
And that is one of the reasons that you see a lower growth in H1 for U.S. because the way we 
plan things in FY '24, I think there was a loss of sales and also increase in failure-to-supply 
penalties. 
 
So purposely, we have increased our inventory in the U.S. and which will actually give us 
positive results in quarter 4 onwards, where we will be able to ensure supplies to our customer 
and also win back few of the customers for a few of the products which we have lost in FY '24. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
And on the noncurrent investments ? 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Noncurrent investment, previously, we used to park most of our money in fixed deposits with 
bank deposits. Now since we are looking for a few of the M&A opportunities, so we want to 
have investments which are marketable or tradable, and which we can encash without paying 
any penalties. So we have started parking a few of our investment in NCDs and mutual fund and 
not in bank deposits, and that is why you see increase in noncurrent investments. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
So you classify this as noncurrent, is it? 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Yes. This is as per the Ind AS requirement. So if you want -- I understand that maybe worry 
about whether our cash levels have gone down. So just to share that we have increased our cash 
by INR400 crores in this quarter. And the overall cash is around -- net cash is around INR4,250 
crores as on 30th September. 
 
And in fact, just to add, if you look at last 1, 1.5 years, we've almost doubled our cash position. 
So that's -- so our business that has been -- in 18 months, yes, that's 1.5 years. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
So basically, I was just looking whether these are not high-risk investments, right? This is 
noncurrent... 
Nitin Agarwal: 
No, no, no. All are in AAA+ category investment. And maybe INR30 crores, I think we have 
invested in a company which is strategic in nature. Otherwise, all these are more of cash and 
bank in nature. There is no strategic investment. 

 
Alkem Laboratories Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Saion Mukherjee: 
And just 1 last one on the other expenses. So it was quite low last year -- last quarter, this has 
come back now. So has it normalized, the other expenses? And how should we think about that 
going forward? 
Nitin Agarwal: 
See, in quarter 1, we also shared that our R&D expenses are lower. And you can say that this 
will be more or less -- other than the R&D expense part, more or less this is a normal quarter in 
terms of other expenses. 
Moderator: 
Last question is from the line of Yash from ithought. 
Yash: 
Yes. Sir, as you mentioned that the cash pile and you are also looking for an M&A. I just wanted 
to understand, internally, what is the IRR or the payback period that we target when we look for 
an asset? And secondly, what sort of an asset would we be looking at or be interested at the 
most? 
Vikas Gupta: 
So I think more than the IRR, of course, IRR calculations are the standard calculation that 
anybody would apply to deploy capital. The M&As have to be more strategic in nature and the 
M&As have to be such where we can add value to whatever assets we acquire. So I guess we 
put various filters. This is what -- is that asset better in our hands? Can there be a synergy that 
we can build and create more value whenever we look at any M&A. 
 
So I think I would answer it more on those fronts rather than just being a financial calculation. 
Of course, financial calculation is very important, but I guess there are other filters, which are 
equally important before we actually go about doing an M&A. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Okay. And our cost of capital is around 12%, so -- and so definitely, we'll not go anything which 
is lower than the 14% to 15% of IRR. As Vikas said, that all depends upon how strategic it is in 
terms of our portfolio and also the growth drivers... 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Purvi Shah: 
Yes. Thank you, everyone, for participating in today's call and making it a meaningful 
discussion. And thank you Tushar for hosting us. I'd just like to reiterate that if there are any 
queries that remain unanswered, please feel free to get in touch with us. Thank you, and have a 
great evening. 
Vikas Gupta: 
Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank so much. On behalf of Motilal Oswal, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
