 
 
Ref. No.: BBL/307/2024-25 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
BSE Limited  
Dept. of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 541153 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: BANDHANBNK 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the Earnings Call on the Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter 
(Q2) and half-year ended September 30, 2024 
 
In continuation to the letter bearing Ref. No.: BBL/303/2024-25 dated October 25, 2024 and 
pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed, the transcript 
of the Earnings Call hosted by Bandhan Bank Limited (the ‘Bank’) on Friday, October 25, 2024, on 
the Unaudited Financial Results of the Bank, for the quarter (Q2) and half-year ended September 
30, 2024. Further, the same has also been uploaded on the Bank’s website and can be accessed 
at the following link: 
 
https://bandhanbank.com/sites/default/files/2024-10/Bandhan-Bank-Q2-FY25-Earnings-Transcript-1.pdf 
 
You are requested to take note of the above. 
 
This disclosure is being simultaneously uploaded at the Bank’s website, www.bandhanbank.com. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for Bandhan Bank Limited 
 
 
Indranil Banerjee 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
INDRANIL 
BANERJEE
Digitally signed by 
INDRANIL BANERJEE 
Date: 2024.10.29 
17:14:30 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Bandhan Bank Limited Q2 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RATAN KUMAR KESH – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER (INTERIM), BANDHAN 
BANK LIMITED 
MR. RAJINDER KUMAR BABBAR – EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR & CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER, BANDHAN 
BANK LIMITED 
MR. RAJEEV MANTRI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
BANDHAN BANK LIMITED 
MR. VIKASH MUNDHRA – HEAD - INVESTOR 
RELATIONS, BANDHAN BANK LIMITED 
 
 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Bandhan Bank’s Q2 Earnings Conference 
Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikash Mundhra – Head of Investor Relations. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Vikash Mundhra: 
Thank you, Sagar. Good evening, everyone, and a warm welcome to all the participants. It’s our 
pleasure to welcome you all to discuss Bandhan Bank’s “Business and Financial Performance” 
for the Quarter ending September ‘2024. 
We appreciate your time and participation today. We will take this opportunity to provide insight 
into our operational activities, including any significant achievements or challenges. We will 
also touch on market conditions, strategic initiatives and any changes in our business 
environment. 
To discuss all this in details, we have with us our MD and CEO (Interim) – Mr. Ratan Kumar 
Kesh; Executive Director and Chief Business Officer – Mr. Rajinder Kumar Babbar; Chief 
Financial Officer – Mr. Rajeev Mantri; and myself – Vikash Mundhra, Head of Investor 
Relations, along with other senior management team of the Bank. We will be happy to provide 
you with any clarity required from the current quarter numbers and the way forward. 
Now I would like to request our MD and CEO – Mr. Ratan Kumar Kesh, to brief you all on the 
Bank’s Quarter Performance. 
Ratan Kumar Kesh: 
Thank you, Vikash. A warm welcome and a very good evening to all of you, Namaskar. 
As you all are aware, pursuant to the approval of the Reserve Bank of India, the Board had 
approved my appointment as Interim MD & CEO with effect from July 10, 2024 for a period of 
three months and further extended it by a month or till the new MD & CEO takes charge 
whichever is earlier. I am happy to inform you that RBI has granted its approval to the 
appointment of Mr. Partha Pratim Sengupta as MD & CEO of the Bank for a period of three 
years. Pursuant to this approval, the Board has earlier today approved the appointment of Mr. 
Sengupta as MD & CEO with effect from November 1, 2024. 
Mr. Sengupta is an experienced banker, who has nearly four decades of experience in the 
banking industry. He has worked in different geographies, across various business verticals 
including retail and corporate banking and has leveraged technology and innovation for 
achieving business results. He brings a wide array of experience from his roles as Deputy 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
Managing Director & Chief Credit Officer at State Bank of India and later as MD & CEO of 
Indian Overseas Bank. On behalf of the Bandhan Bank family I extend a warm welcome to Mr. 
Sengupta. As our new MD & CEO joins us, we will work with him hand in hand to manage the 
transition and continue on the growth path of our Bank, as Bandhan Bank 2.0 with renewed 
energy and commitment. 
Coming back to the quarter, let me begin by talking a bit on the macroeconomic scenario 
Despite global uncertainties, India's macro parameters remain strong. Real GDP witnessed a 
growth of 6.7% in Q1FY25. Against the backdrop of healthy business and consumer confidence, 
RBI expects real GDP growth of 7.2% during FY25. CPI inflation is expected to average around 
4.5% during FY25. Globally, several central banks, including the US Fed, have started easing 
interest rates. The RBI continues to stay cautious. However, the stance of monetary policy has 
changed to a more nimble “neutral” from “withdrawal of accommodation” earlier.  
Banking system liquidity turned surplus in Q2FY25 from a deficit between January and June 
2024. The government maintains its focus on long-term goal of sustainable growth and 
development towards a ‘Vikshit Bharat’ with special emphasis on several key areas such as 
infrastructure, rural development, agriculture, MSME, affordable housing, employment, 
skilling, middle class and women empowerment. Bandhan Bank remains steadfastly committed 
to create greater impact by participating and contributing in this journey 
Let me now move to the quarterly performance of the bank 
The last few quarters have witnessed a relatively tight liquidity environment and an extremely 
competitive landscape for bank deposits. Further, the microfinance sector has been facing 
headwinds and witnessing elevated risk in portfolio quality. Whilst the microfinance sector 
continues to face headwinds, we have been proactive and have taken steps over the last 18+ 
months to address the business risks. I am happy to say that in Q2 we have been able to grow 
our overall business driven by healthy growth in secured book while containing portfolio risks 
for sustainable growth in future.  
In the quarter ended September 30, 2024, we have seen an improvement in business momentum, 
largely stable margins, control on operating expenses despite investments required to grow our 
secured book. Though the headline asset quality has marginally deteriorated, credit costs are 
largely in line with our guidance. The quarter has seen stability on return ratios. On a YoY basis, 
we have seen an improvement across all parameters. 
In terms of balance sheet parameters, the bank has witnessed a strong pick-up in both advances 
and deposits, in line with our guidance. In this quarter we have seen a sequential 4% growth in 
advances at Rs 1.31 Lakh crores with a YoY growth of 21.4%. On the deposits front, Deposits 
stands at Rs 1.43 Lakh crores with YoY growth of 27.2% and a QoQ growth of 7%. Deposit 
growth remained higher than the advances growth. Share of retail deposits (CASA + Retail TD) 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
was largely stable at 68%. The deposit market remained competitive resulting in slightly higher 
cost of funds. Despite the change in product mix in favour of secured assets impacting yields the 
Bank was able to report healthy NIMs at 7.4% 
Cost metrics were largely in line with our guidance and we are committed to invest in people, 
products and technology over the next few quarters. We are moving rapidly in the digitization 
front for delivering super customer experience coupled with greater automated controls. These 
initiatives are also helping us augment effectiveness of the second line of defence. Our 
Transformation program including Intelligent Automation initiatives, RPA and AI adoption are 
looking quite promising and should enable us to drive greater efficiency from end-to-end 
perspective.  
In Q2, the pain in the microfinance sector has increased and accordingly we have seen a marginal 
increase in slippages leading to slight deterioration in asset quality. Gross NPA is at 4.7% and 
Net NPA is at 1.3%. In Q2FY25, the bank reported PAT of Rs 937 crores, up 30% YoY with an 
RoA and RoE of 2.1% and 16% on an annualized basis. I would like to thank entire Bandhan 
Bank team for its unwavering commitment during this transition and I am confident that we will 
endeavour to achieve our strategy to the satisfaction of our stakeholders 
I would like to also take the opportunity to update you on the CGFMU audit 
I am happy to inform you that there has been a positive development on the same. As mentioned 
in our communication to the Stock Exchange on October 10, 2024 the in-depth audit has been 
completed. The historical context of the CGFMU scheme has been detailed in the Stock 
Exchange filing done by the bank. But, just to update, that nearly 85% of the total portfolio of 
approx. Rs. 20,807 crores insured under CGFMU scheme, have been repaid by customers. 
Based on the review of the audit outcome, the NCGTC has assessed the total claim pay out to 
the Bank under the CGFMU scheme as on March 31, 2024 at Rs. 1,231 crores. Considering that 
the first claim of Rs.916 crores had been settled, the final claim pay-out as on March 31, 2024 
stands at Rs.315 crores. Further, the above claim amount is net of recoveries of approx. Rs.228 
crores claimed under first tranche which are currently held in the Bank’s balance sheet. In 
summary, therefore, the outstanding claim pay out of Rs.315 crores and the recoveries, from the 
first tranche claim, held in the Bank’s books of Rs.228 crores as on March 31, 2024, i.e., total 
of approx. 543 crores will be suitably accounted in the Bank’s P&L as part of ‘Other Income’ 
on settlement of the claim. 
In addition, regarding the ECLGS schemes, as the audit is now complete the bank has been 
allowed by NCGTC to review and submit a fresh claim. 
Let me now hand over the call to my colleague, Rajinder Babbar – Chief Business Officer, to 
discuss on a few of the important “Business Updates”. 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
Rajinder Kumar Babbar: 
Thank you, Ratan. 
The Bank’s Quarter 2 performance reflects that our growth momentum is robust and improving. 
Our performance is improving and is good in most of the parameters, in line with our guidance. 
This is the second consecutive quarter where the Bank has performed better. I continue to visit 
and interact with my colleagues at the different offices and the branches. The excitement and the 
motivation that I observed make me feel elated and give me the confidence. Our commitment to 
sustainable growth, delightful customer experience and the financial inclusion continue to drive 
us towards our goal of becoming a Bank for all. With our wide range of services availed by more 
than 3.5 crores customers so far, the extensive network of ~6,300 banking outlets across 35 states 
and UT, we are stepping towards our goal. 
In Q2FY25, we witnessed robust growth in our key metrics. On the deposit front, we grew better 
due to our targeted marketing strategies, coupled with our innovative product suite and extensive 
branch network. Overall, the deposit has grown 7% QoQ and 27% YoY. With our diversification 
strategy in place, as communicated earlier, we have taken a risk-calibrated customer-centric 
digital approach. We are strategically expanding the retail asset, Housing Finance and the 
wholesale banking. Our growth in segment in the Q2 strongly reflect the same. The retail asset 
has grown by 91% YoY with a QoQ growth of 21%. The Housing Finance has grown by 17% 
YoY and 7.5% QoQ. The wholesale banking has grown by 40% YoY and 14.8% QoQ.  
As informed earlier, the four cornerstones of our future growth will be: 
First, Diversification: While East will continue to remain our stronghold, we will expand our 
presence in non-eastern geographies to increase the outreach of our services. We will also keep 
diversifying our loan portfolio across the product segments, catering to a wide range of 
customers, a strong emphasis is also on increasing the share of secured portfolio. A strong 
emphasis is also on increasing the share of secured portfolio. The secured portfolio from 42.8% 
has gone up to the 47%.  
Innovative product to enhance the customer experience: The Bank is committed to deliver 
excellence by offering products and services tailored to meet the requirement of the customer 
and to enhance their banking experience with us. We want to become a one-stop solution for 
all banking needs. The Bank is continuously introducing new products for its customers. Some 
of the key products launched during the quarter are the (a) Avni Savings account; (b) GST and 
the pension collection; (c) Delight, which is a loyalty rewards; and (d) debit card for the non-
individual.  
Leveraging the technology to grow digitally: We recognize the digital transformation is key 
to our future success. Our investments in technology are enhancing customer experience and 
streamlining the operation. We are committed to expanding our digital banking offering, 
enabling our customers to access service seamlessly. Our goal is to leverage technology to 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
enhance efficiency, reduce cost and drive engagement - positioning Bandhan Bank as a leader 
in the digital banking space. 
And the fourth and the most important is fostering a culture of risk and compliance. As we 
continue to navigate the complexity of our industry, it is essential to reaffirm our commitment 
to compliance at all levels as it is not merely a set of rules; it is a fundamental aspect of our 
Bank’s culture, and we believe it will be a key driver of our Bank’s long-term success. The Bank 
has enhanced its risk and compliance framework to identify potential challenges and the 
opportunity, and to safeguard the Bank’s asset, reputation and the long-term viability. Quality 
and the customer experience has been and will be our topmost priority going forward, too. 
As we look forward to another quarter, I would like to reiterate our commitment of delivering 
our value to our customers as well as to our investors by driving an inclusive growth for our 
communities. Our strong performance in the Q2FY25 is the beginning. We are excited about the 
road map ahead and confident in our ability to navigate the challenges and seize the opportunity 
for life between us. 
Now, I would like to hand over to my colleague, Mr. Rajeev Mantri – CFO of the Bank, who 
will run you through the “Key Financials”. 
Rajeev Mantri: 
Thank you, Rajinder, and welcome to all the participants to this Earnings Call. The Board of 
Directors of Bandhan Bank Limited approved the Bank’s Financial Results for the quarter and 
half year ended September 30, 2024, at its meeting held earlier today. Let me begin with the 
details of the business numbers for the quarter. 
Firstly, On Advances: 
As at September, 2024, Gross Advances stood at Rs 1.31 lakh crores, a growth of 21% YoY and 
4% QoQ supported by growth in the secured assets books. Our secured book now constitutes 
47% of advances up from 42% in March 2024. In line with the strategic plan of product 
diversification, the focus is on growing the share of secured book like housing, commercial 
banking and secured retail products. Growth in EEB would also continue albeit at a relatively 
lower growth rate than secured assets. During the quarter, EEB portfolio increased 11% YoY 
but declined 4% QoQ at Rs 59,288 crores, as a result of portfolio controls in the wake of elevated 
risks in the industry.  
The Secured book growth was contributed by Retail Assets which grew at 92% YoY, 
Commercial Banking Assets which grew 40% YoY and Housing which grew at 17% YoY. 
Retail Asset growth is largely driven by auto loans, commercial vehicle and equipment loans 
and gold loans. From a business mix perspective, EEB group lending constituted 29% of the 
advances, Small Business and Agri Loans at 16%, Commercial Banking 25% Housing 24%, and 
Retail 6% respectively  

 
Bandhan Bank Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
The bank has made good progress on geographical diversification, whereby share of Advances 
in East and North East regions have reduced by 12% (from 53% in FY22 to 41% by Q2FY25), 
and increased in North, West and South regions by 3%, 2% and 7% respectively. Top 5 states 
namely West Bengal, Maharashtra, Bihar, Gujarat and MP - contributes 59% of gross advances. 
West Bengal contributes 23% of advances vs. 25% in Q2FY24. 
Moving to liabilities: 
As at September 30, 2024, total deposits stood at Rs 1.43 lakh crores as against Rs 1.12 lakh 
crores in the previous year Q2, a growth of about 27%, higher than our advances growth. The 
Bank continues to focus on granular retail deposits. The total retail deposit i.e. CASA + Retail 
Term Deposits grew by 16% YoY. Of which, growth in retail Term Deposits was 24% YoY. 
Retail deposits (CASA+ Retail TD) to total deposits ratio was ~ 68%  
CASA Deposits stood at Rs 47,283 crores – up 9% YoY and 6% QoQ. Within CASA deposits, 
SA deposits have grown 11% YoY and 7% QoQ as the bank continues to focus on building 
relationships across its customer base, strengthen its value proposition and garner new 
customers. The CASA ratio has been stable QoQ at 33.2%.  
Top 5 states namely West Bengal, Maharashtra, UP, Odisha and NCT of Delhi - contribute 64% 
of total deposits. West Bengal contributed 40% of deposits vs. 44% a year back, reflecting 
reduced geographic concentration. 
Moving to collections and asset quality: 
The Bank’s overall collection efficiency (excluding NPA) in Q2FY25 was marginally lower at 
98.2% as compared to 98.7% in Q1FY25. For the EEB book, collection efficiency (excluding 
NPA) in Q2FY25 declined to 98.1% vs 98.7% in Q1FY25 reflecting the stress in MFI segment; 
however, collection efficiency for the non EEB book improved to 98.7% vs 98.3% in Q1FY25. 
Within EEB, moderation in collection efficiency is largely in rest of India portfolio; while, 
collection efficiency in WB and Assam on sequential basis is largely stable at 99% and 99.2% 
respectively 
On the asset quality front, the Bank has seen some incremental stress this quarter. As context, 
the bank had seen a slippage run rate of Rs. 1,350+ crores in first 3 quarters of FY24, which 
reduced to Rs. 1,016 crores in March’24 quarter and to Rs.891 crores in June’24 quarter. 
However, in this quarter (Q2FY25), gross slippages were higher at Rs 1,115 crores. Increase in 
slippages in Q2 was mainly in the EEB book, where it increased to Rs 752 crores as compared 
to Rs 543 crores in the previous quarter. Upgradation and Recovery was Rs 305 crores vs Rs 
371 crores in Q1FY25.  
The overall EEB DPD pool (SMA 0, 1 & 2) was at Rs. 1,984 crores representing 3.3% of EEB 
advances and reflecting an increase of Rs.548 crores QoQ. Within this, the SMA 1 and 2 buckets 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
witnessed slight upticks. SMA 1 book increased by Rs. 143 crores from Rs. 420 crores (0.7%) 
in Q1FY25 to Rs. 563 crores (0.9%) and SMA 2 book increased by Rs. 102 crores from Rs. 436 
crores (0.7%) in Q1FY25 to Rs. 538 crores (0.9%) in Q2FY25. Whilst the increases in SMA 1 
and SMA 2 buckets have been contained in the context of the challenges of the micro finance 
sector, we are working hard on the SMA0 bucket recoveries to ensure that these loans are 
regularised and do not slip into higher buckets in ensuing quarters. SMA 0 book has increased 
by Rs. 303 crores from 580 crores (0.9%) in last quarter to Rs 883 crores (1.5%). 
Credit costs for this quarter were at 2%; however, for H1FY25 credit cost is at 1.8% - which is 
lower end of our guided range of 1.8% - 2% for FY25. Gross NPA ratio is at 4.7% in Q2FY25 
as compared to 4.2% in Q1FY25. Net NPA is at 1.3% vs. 1.2% in last quarter with largely stable 
PCR at 73.5% 
Let me move on to the profitability: 
Coming to the quarterly P&L - NII, at Rs 2,948 crores, grew by 21% YoY supported by steady 
NIMs, healthy advances growth and lower slippages than the same quarter last year. Sequential 
decline in NII, about 2%, is primarily on account of change in product mix towards secured and 
impact of higher slippages. 
Our Net Interest Margin (NIM) is 7.4% in Q2FY25, as compared to 7.2% in Q2FY24. It is 
important to note that despite pressure on cost of funds and change in the product mix, we have 
been able to sustain and protect our margins on YoY basis. On H1FY25 basis, NIM is at 7.5% - 
at higher end of our guided range of 7%-7.5% 
Net Total Income in Q2FY25 was Rs 3,543 crores an increase of 19% YoY. Operating Expenses, 
on YoY basis, grew by 21% as a result of investment in people, technology and infrastructure 
and based on business volume growth. During the quarter, operating expenses to average assets 
ratio was at 3.8%; while, in H1FY25 the opex to asset ratio was at 3.7%. We guided that in 
FY25, cost to opex ratio should be at similar level of FY24 as we would continue to invest in 
people, technology and building key capabilities through the year.  
Consequently, operating profit in Q2FY25 was Rs 1,855 crores registering a growth of 17% 
YoY. The Bank reported a net profit of Rs. 937 crores in the quarter compared to Rs 721 crores 
in Q2FY24 – growth of 30% YoY. In Q2FY25, ROA is at 2.1% and ROE at 16% for the quarter 
(on annualised basis).  
I will now briefly summarize the Half Yearly Results: 
 
 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
For the half year ended September 2024, NII was at Rs 5,953 crores, Net total income was at Rs 
7,076 crores and Operating profit at Rs 3,796 crores – all three line items grew by around 21% 
YoY respectively. The Bank reported a net profit of Rs. 2,001 crores in H1FY25 compared to 
Rs 1,442 crores in H1FY24 (representing 39% YoY growth). ROA is at 2.3% and ROE at 17.3% 
for the six months (on annualised basis). Lastly on Capital Adequacy – CRAR is at 15.6% (incl. 
profit of H1FY25).  
With that, on behalf of the management team, I would once again like to thank you and will just 
pass on to Ratan Kesh. 
Ratan Kumar Kesh: 
Thank you, Rajeev. I want to take a moment to express my heartfelt gratitude for the hard work 
and the dedication of all my colleagues as their commitment to excellence and collaboration has 
not gone unnoticed. Last 4 months have been greatly rewarding experience for all of us and 
particularly for me during the transition phase of the Bank. I also want to acknowledge the 
continuous support of and guidance of our Board members, investors, shareholders and most 
importantly, our valued customers. It is because of all of them, we have been able to grow 
sustainably. I hope and wish to get their trust and care in future as well as we move forward with 
greater confidence into the future. 
Thank you. Over to Vikash. 
Vikash Mundhra: 
Sagar, we can start the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first question 
comes from Piran Engineer from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Piran Engineer: 
Congrats on the quarter, decent numbers in a tough quarter. Firstly, how should we think about 
slippages in the coming quarters? If you can give us a sense of maybe what percentage of your 
customers are overdue, but they’re still paying their EMIs, or what percentage of your GNPA 
customers are paying in EMIs that will give us some color on future asset quality? 
Ratan Kumar Kesh: 
So, broadly, see, given that overall industry narrative, Q3, our slippages will remain elevated. 
While in our portfolio, we see the bigger problems are in specific geographies and not necessarily 
the entire state, in parts of a particular state. But in terms of percentages, Rajeev, just tell what 
the percentage is. 
Rajeev Mantri: 
So, if I can answer, Rajeev here. Piran, I think, as we have mentioned, we have seen the slippages 
a little elevated in this quarter itself by Rs. 225 crores. What we have also highlighted is the DPD 
pool, which is the SMA-0, SMA-1 and SMA-2 buckets, where we have seen an elevation, 
especially in the EEB book, which is the microfinance sector by almost Rs. 500 crores. So, these 
are, I think, indications. The team will work hard to make sure that we are able to stem and 
improve our collections and stem this kind of an increase. However, I think with the elevated 
risk in the industry, I think we also expect some bit of an impact could come through. Overall, 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
as we have guided our credit cost, our credit cost for the first half of the year has been 1.8%. We 
had 1.6% in Q1 and 2% in Q2. We had guided that we will be in the range of 1.8% to 2% of 
credit cost for FY5. At this point of time, we continue to have the same guidance with the belief 
that, yes, in the third quarter, the slippages could be elevated and the credit cost could be elevated 
further. But by the fourth quarter, we would believe that the market would start showing some 
signs of positivity returning back. And on an overall basis for the financial year, we would still 
like to be within that range. However, we will continue to monitor this and in the next quarter, 
be able to provide a closer update on how we are seeing the market. 
Piran Engineer: 
Could you also just share what percentage of your customers are unique to you? How many have 
1 additional lender, 2 additional lenders? 
Ratan Kumar Kesh: 
So, Bandhan Bank Unique is 60%; Bandhan + 2 is nearly 80%; for us, Bandhan + 4 and above 
is ~4.5%. 
Rajinder Babbar: 
We are more secured because the Bandhan + 4 and above is ~4.5%. So, mainly 60% is basically, 
we are the sole lender to the customer. 
Piran Engineer: 
And also just on Slide 24, given the breakup of your other income. And there is this others line 
item which has more than doubled YoY. Just want to understand what is that? Is there something 
lumpy in that line item, which is Rs. 184 crores? 
Ratan Kumar Kesh: 
Piran, sorry, just correcting this. Unique to Bandhan is 60%, Bandhan + 1 is 80%, Bandhan + 4 
and above is ~4.5%.  
Rajeev Mantri: 
Yes. On the noninterest income, I think your question is on the others where we are seeing a 
figure of Rs. 184 crores. This actually includes a portion of income that we have seen from the 
treasury teams, which is basically profit on sale of certain investments and the revaluation gains, 
which totals to about Rs. 80 crores, which is not a sort of regular feature every quarter. So, this 
can be taken as a one-off for this quarter. And in addition to that, I think there are usual charges 
like the average quarterly balance charges, which are about Rs. 19 crores, and I think that 
constitutes the reason why exactly some of this number is higher. 
Piran Engineer: 
And just lastly, one confirmation. Your Tier-1 decline of 50 bps. That’s just because you’re not 
adding the profit of the quarter, right? 
Rajeev Mantri: 
Yes. So, if we add the profit for the half year, our total CRAR is at 15.6%. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Gaurav Bansal from Pvc Consultants. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Desai: 
I am Gaurav Desai. I am just a normal shareholder. I am not an institutional shareholder. So, my 
concern as a shareholder is looking at the value of the share, the decline in share value, so aren’t 
we considering for buyback or some measures to boost up the share price? 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Ratan Kumar Kesh: 
So, we have not taken any decision of that sort at this stage. So, the simple answer at this stage, 
no. 
Vikash Mundhra: 
Gaurav, I would request if you just stick with the quarterly related questions, that would be great, 
please. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Prabal from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Prabal: 
Sir, some of your peer banks have mentioned that the forward flow rate this time has been quite 
high compared to the previous cycle. How is your experience on the ground, meaning if the 
account is turning into SMA, is the possibility of it becoming NPA has increased compared to 
the previous cycle? 
Rajeev Mantri: 
Yes. Just give us a second. 
Vishal Wadhwa: 
Okay. I will take that. Vishal here. I manage the EEB business. So, overall, if you see, whatever 
elevation we have got on our SMAs, those typically, we’re able to always collect 50% and above. 
And like what Ratan said earlier that our total state-level problems would be there also in parts 
of states. Overall, on a pan-India level, we are not that much on delinquency front simply because 
we took prior action. So, parts of states of Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra, Gujarat, Tamil Nadu, 
where we have seen some stress on our EEB book. Having said which, I would say that 50% of 
that, whatever got elevated, Rs. 500-odd crores, we typically collect. So, Rs. 250 crores is 
something which we would like to work upon even more and get that amount collected over the 
times to come. 
Rajinder Babbar: 
Further in totality, our SMA book incl. SMA-2 book are well under control and being better than 
the last year. No doubt, in September, a little bit movement is there. But if you compare 
September to the last year, the SMA-1 book was 1.1%, this year, it is 0.9%. So, plus/minus is 
there. So, we’re much better placed as compared to last year same quarter. 
Prabal: 
And my second question was, we have seen a very strong growth in our Commercial Banking 
book. Just 3 to 4 years back, the NPL in this particular segment was as high as 10%. What is 
your feedback from the ground on asset quality in this segment? And how should we look at this 
going ahead? 
Ratan Kumar Kesh: 
So, our asset quality in commercial book as of now is pristine, I would say. In fact, 93% plus is 
A- and above. So, the book quality is absolutely strong. The reason why we are growing 
commercial book are twofold. One, clearly, we want to be growing a bit more secured. We also 
won some of these customers to be in our kitty to be able to do whole lot of other income 
businesses on trade, CMS, FOREX and transaction banking businesses. So, that’s a clear 
rationale. On retail book, it’s growing at 90%. The NPA levels are at the same steady to 
improving. So, to that extent, I think retail is also looking quite good. 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Prabal: 
And how much of our Commercial Banking would be to NBFC MFI corporates? 
Ratan Kumar Kesh: 
Total Rs. 3,000 crores. 
Prabal: 
Rs. 3,000 crores is the NBFC MFI corporate exposure? 
Rajeev Mantri: 
Right. Yes. 
Prabal: 
Sir, just last one question. On Tier-1, even if we include profits, which at 14% and industry-
wide, we are seeing asset quality, too. Would you like to have more capital? Or say, would you 
be okay slowing down the growth in terms of capital? How to look at that? 
Ratan Kumar Kesh: 
See, as of now, our growth targets of 18% (+-/1) with more secured buyers will continue to 
happen. And given the profit-generating capabilities that we are demonstrating, we are fairly 
comfortable at 15.6%. Having said that, we will continue to watch this space and keep evaluating 
and then take a call at some point. As of now, for the next 4 quarters, we don’t see any need for 
us to do that. 
Prabal: 
Sir, on the Slide number 18, there is a table of vintage analysis. Just curious as to the 
disbursement done in the previous quarter, the June quarter. How are these disbursements 
becoming SMA and NPA? I mean what has changed in 90 days of customer assessment that 
accounts are becoming NPA and SMA? 
Ratan Kumar Kesh: 
So, the collection efficiency, if you look at it, our collection efficiency on the full paying 
customer, that has come down by 130 basis points as overall level. The partial paying and the 
nonpaying customers has gone up by that extent. So, that’s the reality. It’s an overall reflection 
of the over-leveraging and the overheating in the overall market. Although West Bengal, which 
is our largest territory, we are holding at 99%, but rest of India has come down by 100 basis 
points. So, it is a reflection of that. Clearly, while in my book, Bandhan + 4 is just about 4.5%. 
But after taking an exposure from me, somebody would have taken exposure outside. So, it’s an 
overall market liquidity issue. Some of these sales will flow into us. But as of now, it’s just about 
0.02%, which is not very alarming. 
Rajinder Babbar: 
Just for the further update on the vintage analysis of the disbursement, disbursement of the 
Quarter 4 and the Quarter 1. Basically Quarter 1, the SMA-1 is 0.35%, SMA-2 is 0.17% and 
NPA is just 0.06%. So, whatever the book we created in the Quarter 1. 
Prabal: 
The question was that just in 90 days of disbursement, even having this much amount of SMA 
and NPA -- 
Vishal Wadhwa: 
If I would just add here, this is coming from cross linkages. I was talking about 0.06%, right? 
NPA with 0.02%. 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Prabal: 
SMA-1, SMA-2, sir. 
Vishal Wadhwa: 
No, SMA-1, right? 0.02% number is what you are speaking here? 
Prabal: 
The totality, SMA-1, SMA-2 and NPA. 
Vishal Wadhwa: 
So, let’s go quarter-by-quarter. If you see first, let me tell you, whatever we have disbursed 
quarter-by-quarter, over the years, if you see, there is a marked improvement. If I see quarter of 
‘24, if I have to compare it with quarter of ‘23. Similarly, the last 2 quarters of our disbursal of 
Rs. 13,000 crores, Rs. 14,000 crores, our total SMA is around about 0.5% and NPA is 0.06%. 
And that 0.06% also got a component of link loans. That some other relationships could be there, 
1 or 2 loans here and there, which has resulted into NPA. Otherwise, fresh NPAs in the last 90 
days have been 1 or 2 loans out of 15 lakh loans we would have disbursed. 
And deposits too, this 0.02% is something what Ratan again spoke of that there are customers 
who have taken a loan. These are 4 months vintage of a 12-month loan book. So, 0.02% of that 
would have also gone bad outside and similarly with us also, they have not performed. So, within 
giving a loan million 4 months, they have become delinquent. That is 0.02% of loans. So, we 
track this number very closely and take action as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Jai Mundhra from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Congratulations on decent number. I have a couple of questions. First is, so how do you look at 
the disbursement in MFI going forward? I mean it has been coming down and maybe the first 
half is usually a bit weaker. But as we go into October and festive season, how do you look at 
the disbursement in the MFI in the near term? 
Ratan Kumar Kesh: 
So, one, as a Bank, we have decided to be a bit more secured, which means that micro will grow, 
but the other businesses will grow at a much faster pace. So, that’s at one level. Second, 
generally, Quarter 3, Quarter 4 are better quarters for us traditionally. Having said that, this year, 
we have, in a sense, have been bucking the trend by growing well in Quarter 1, but Quarter 2, 
purposely, we have decided to be a bit more watchful and careful across various states and 
specific pockets and even specific BUs. 
And given the elevated risk in the industry, we would like to maintain similar watchful posture 
in Quarter 3 as well. In October, we are already seeing some bit of a better uptick, both in terms 
of collection efficiency in the regular pool. And if, therefore, it turns around positively by 
January, we will then have an opportunity to grow that book. So, as of now, I would say we will 
be more careful in containing the portfolio quality rather than focusing too much of a growth in 
the microfinance portfolio. 
Rajeev Mantri: 
I think just to supplement, Jai, Rajeev here, 2 more points. One is, on an overall basis, as Ratan 
had mentioned, while the advances growth we’re expecting at 18% plus minus 1%, I think EEB, 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
we will be working towards a growth of between 10% to 12%. And I think that is the broad 
range that we have seen in the first half, and we would continue to see. At the same time, I think 
the risks which are there are elevated. But we are also clearly evaluating the risk in which 
particular geographies and which particular states within the country and within that, which 
particular cities. And therefore, those targeted actions have been done for portfolio controls in 
those areas. But other areas where the risks are lower, the team will clearly be looking at the 
opportunities for growth. And I think that’s within the overall guidance that we mentioned of 
between the 10% to 12% growth. 
Jai Mundhra: 
And sir, on asset quality, I mean if I look at the slippages for this quarter for MFI that you 
mentioned at around 700 plus, this turns out to be around 5% on an annualized basis. Is there 
any difference in individual and group delinquency or you would believe that both are more or 
less operating in the similar band within MFI? 
Ratan Kumar Kesh: 
While both are operating in the similar band, but clearly, individual is doing better than the group 
at this stage for us. And that’s the reality, and that’s almost expected that when a bit of an 
industry overall issue happens, generally, the individual behaves better than the group. 
Jai Mundhra: 
And sir, a related question with growth and asset quality. So, in the last 2 years, you have been 
calibrated in the MFI loan growth, right, if I look at last 2 years, CAGR will be single digit, 
maybe 5%, 6% in MFI growth, whereas other players which have grown at a much faster pace. 
And hence, the industry itself has grown at a very higher clip. Would you believe that the lenders 
which have grown slower are better placed? Or because this time around, the asset quality issue 
is not in your assessment and you’re not in your underwriting, but maybe the marginal lenders 
or the third, fourth, fifth lender, the issue possibly has come up from their side. Would you 
believe that the lenders which have grown slower are better off or there is not too much a 
preference? 
Ratan Kumar Kesh: 
I think, frankly, your question has an answer built into it. It’s a fact that over the last 2, 3 years 
post COVID, the industry has been growing, our view is that, rather at a significantly higher rate 
of growth while you’ve been growing moderately. And more importantly, we have also been 
taking a lot of guardrails and to improve our portfolio quality. So, some of these have been 
helping us to improve. Having said that, while we have 60% unique customers to Bandhan, 80% 
is Bandhan + 1, but we still have ~4.5% or let’s say, about ~6-7% as Bandhan + 3. And some of 
these are going to come back. And when the borrowers are coming back for renewal, we are 
obviously taking steps. 
We have also taken a few more steps in improving our bureau score, etc. etc. in specific pockets 
and geographies. Having said that, yes, we will still be holding on. That’s why our credit cost 
guidance continues to remain in the 1.8% to 2% for this year. And we will look at it, review it 
and then come back to you with more information as we get it by end of Q3. But I would say 
that we are not isolated. We will still be better than others, hopefully, but we are not isolated. 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Rajinder Babbar: 
Just adding to Ratan, basically, our main aim is for this quarter because keep in mind the current 
situation, we will more focus on our existing customers because we know they are the regular 
customers paying us for the last so many years. So, our main focus for the growth will be our 
existing customers as compared to the NTB. 
Jai Mundhra: 
And sir, just related to this, RBI has recently banned 4 MFI lenders. And if you want to put 
together the combined AUM, it is a higher single digit at the system level, right? Now they will 
probably not disburse loan incrementally. Is that an asset quality risk at the system level? Or you 
believe that is not a problem even from asset quality perspective? 
Ratan Kumar Kesh: 
So, these entities who have received that regulatory sort of guidance show of action are very 
strong entities per se. And our belief is that they obviously are taking corrective actions and 
quickly go back and ensure that suitable steps are undertaken. Having said that, a certain amount 
of disbursement moving out of the industry, definitely would pose a risk to the overall industry 
to an extent. But given the size of these entities put together, may not necessarily be too high. 
So, the risk may not an additional risk given this fact. But overall, over-leveraging and its impact, 
how long it sustains is something that we are still also observing. 
Jai Mundhra: 
And last question, sir, from my side, is we have grown significantly in the secured book this 
time. I mean MFI has been degrowing and there is a significant growth in secured. And still, the 
yields for the margin impact has been very resilient. How would you explain this that MFI 
degrowing and some of the secured assets growing at a very fast pace and yet the yields have 
not been impacted too much? I mean, is that the pressure likely in the coming quarters? Or the 
yield of those products are also relatively comparable? 
Ratan Kumar Kesh: 
So, the short answer is yes, that in the coming quarter, we may see some stress in the overall 
yield, but we will still remain in the range of guidance that we have been providing. Rajeev, if 
you could give a bit more color to that? 
Rajeev Mantri: 
Yes. So, I think 2, 3 factors. One is within the secured book, obviously, we are also looking at 
the products which can give us good yield. So, I think there is that calibration that the business 
team continuously looks at. Second is on a year-on-year basis, if you look at it, while quarter-
on-quarter, the slippages may have been elevated and the portfolio quality of the credit cost 
might be elevated. On a year-on-year basis, we still see an improvement compared to the levels 
that were there last year versus the levels now. And therefore, there is that much of fillip that 
comes through on the net interest income or net interest margin and the interest income as well 
from a year-on-year perspective. 
So, I think that comes through as well. But as Ratan rightly mentioned, some of these do have a 
bit of a lag effect. So, we should see, I think, some moderation in the next quarter. Albeit we 
still, as we have guided, our broad range of net interest margin between 7% to 7.5%. Our 
endeavor is to be within that particular range, and we feel confident about that. 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Param Subramanian from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Param Subramanian: 
Most of them have been answered. But on Slide 6, you’ve given your loan mix and the last 2 
years, we have seen a sharp increase in the retail loan mix. I think over the last 2.5 years, the 
number has gone up about 4x. So, if you could just remind us what are the products that 
contribute to this retail mix, which are the predominant products? Yes, that’s question 1. 
Rajeev Mantri: 
Yes. So, I think within retail, the growth is coming through primarily from secured assets, which 
is gold loans, the auto loans, which is both 4-wheeler and 2-wheelers, as well as commercial 
vehicle, commercial equipment. So, these are the key drivers of the growth within retail assets. 
And we have a team, which is really spread across the entire country. We are looking at sourcing 
across the country. And clearly, the progress in terms of the year-on-year growth as well as the 
sequential growth has been quite remarkable. 
Ratan Kumar Kesh: 
So, I just want to add that we will continue to see a significant growth in retail portfolio because 
1,700 branches that we have, we still have enormous amount of opportunity to sort of leverage 
that, do cross-sell through these existing branches, as also tap some of the other potential, 
including digital lending channels and others. So, to that extent, I think that portfolio will 
continue to grow. But albeit, our focus is to grow more secured in the retail portfolio as well 
while maintaining the portfolio quality. 
Rajeev Mantri: 
And Param, Slide #10 in the deck actually gives you more details. It has the breakup. 
Param Subramanian: 
Secondly, the credit cost guidance that you’ve given for the full year includes the write-back that 
we are going to get from CGFMU or how should we look at it? 
Rajeev Mantri: 
No. No, the CGFMU money that will come through, as we have mentioned, will be part of our 
other income because the associated portfolio was already technically written off in the March 
quarter. And on written-off accounts, if you get an income, it’s actually going to the other 
income. So, that’s not part of this. So, this is on the current sort of NPA books that we are 
basically guiding you the credit cost. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Nitin Aggarwal from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
So, a few questions. One is on, if you can talk about how much of the yield differential between 
the EEB book and the rest of the segments, like the retail and the small enterprise loans? Because 
if I see like, there is a 400-basis point drop in mix of MFI and CD ratio has also declined sharply, 
but margins have been very resilient and dropped just 20 basis points. So, just explain this math 
actually. 
Rajeev Mantri: 
Nitin, actually, the yield difference is roughly around 10% between the EEB book and the overall 
secured portfolio books. 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
But then why the NIMs or the yields have held up so well because there is a 400 basis point 
exchange with EEB going down, then the impact on margins? 
Ratan Kumar Kesh: 
Two points, as Rajeev mentioned. One is this lag effect. Second is clearly the slippages on the 
credit cost has been better compared to the previous year. So, these are the 2 broad factors. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
My question is on the experience that we had with the CGFMU claim and the audits that 
happened. So, what will our approach be to the CGFMU cover on an incremental basis? How 
do we plan to go about that? 
Ratan Kumar Kesh: 
So, the CGFMU audit, the experience has been a little bit exceptional. I will tell you why, 
because this whole portfolio is FY21, which was a peak of the COVID period. And therefore, 
we would believe for the sake of humanity, that similar experience doesn’t happen to anybody 
in the future. Having said that, in general, we believe that if there are opportunities available in 
terms of participating in the government schemes and the grants and in some of these valuable 
schemes, we will continue to participate in that in future as well. How, how much, which way, 
that obviously the future will tell us. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
And last is on the retail assets, which you’re seeing a healthy growth. So, how many products 
have you really broken even in this segment? And what is the ROE that you make in this 
portfolio? 
Rajeev Mantri: 
I think retail assets’ journey started only a couple of years ago for us. It’s been 2 to 3 years. So, 
as part of the journey, it’s still early stages, the business is ramping up quite well. And I think 
any new business, which gets started does take time to break even and increase profitability. 
Having said which, I think year-on-year, we are seeing the overall contribution of this business 
improving. But it takes time for our business to fully mature, like we have some of the other 
businesses, which have been there for some time as mature businesses. We are working in that 
direction for retail as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Prakhar Sharma from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Prakhar Sharma: 
Congratulations and best of wishes. I wanted to ask you, you had made material changes to your 
underwriting policies introducing the cooling off period, the 30-day, 60-day, 90-day period. So, 
can you discuss how much of your book has actually gone through this change of underwriting 
standards? And do you think that’s one reason why the book will behave well? 
And secondly, can you discuss what sort of investments you have made in the broader collections 
and recovery platform? 
Ratan Kumar Kesh: 
So, I will answer both. So, one is that out of the total Rs. 60,000-odd crores roundabout book 
that we have, Rs. 3,000 crores will be pre-April 2023 regime when we started putting those 
cooling period guardrails. So, that’s a limited size of the book that we still have outstanding in 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
our book today. Therefore, is it one of the factors? Definitely, yes. That cooling period that we 
introduced has definitely an impact on our portfolio quality. But I will still maintain the fact that 
given the overheating, overleveraging in the industry for the remaining percentage of 4.5% - 5%, 
we are not isolated. To that extent, it will still remain elevated for us in the next quarter. We 
believe that Q4, it should turn around and turn positive. The second question that you had was? 
Prakhar Sharma: 
Investment in collection. 
Ratan Kumar Kesh: 
Investment in collection, we are implementing the best-of-breed collection system. I will not 
name it, but that’s something which is the best-in-class system, which is used by the very scale 
players. We hope to go live with that pretty much by end of this quarter. Also, we are deploying 
more collection resource across the entire network of banking outlets that we have because not 
only that we are seeing putting a dedicated collection officer helps in improving the collection 
in the early buckets as well. So, we will continue to make that investment in that area. 
Prakhar Sharma: 
And is it possible for you to share the exposure, the EEB segment exposure for the top 5 states 
individually? You’ve shared for West Bengal, but is it possible for you to share for the other 
states, the top 5? 
Ratan Kumar Kesh: 
Top 5, we have given that. 
Prakhar Sharma: 
Sorry, have I missed it? 
Vishal Wadhwa: 
If I have to add here, we have really invested quite a bit on our credit structure. We are one of 
the very few organizations who have got an independent credit vertical across our EEB segment, 
which is not there if you see in many of the organizations. In terms of the bureau scores also, we 
have been stringent in terms of the areas where it has not performed well. across the industry. 
So, these proactive measures of ensuring stringency on our growth and being conservative has 
helped us in good stead if I have to compare it to the other market players. So, that’s one. Other 
thing what Ratan spoke in terms of collection. The entire setup is there, which distinguishes 
between 60 DPD, which business is responsible for collection, and beyond 60 DPD, it’s 
independent collection vertical augmented with collection system coming up. With these good 
practices, we have ensured that we have to compare to my peer growth, even with an elevated 
SMA bucket numbers, you have to compare a much better off in terms of last year comparison, 
vis-a-vis, my peer group comparison. On the top 5 states, just to add up. 
Rajeev Mantri: 
So, maybe I can just read out. So, the top 5 states that we have is West Bengal, which has roughly 
around 36%. 
Prakhar Sharma: 
Rajeev, this is only the EEB part, right? 
Rajeev Mantri: 
We’re talking about the EEB, that’s correct. Yes. So, basically, the top 5 states that we will have 
is basically West Bengal, Bihar, Assam --  

 
Bandhan Bank Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Prakhar Sharma: 
Sorry, can you give the percentages also? 
Rajeev Mantri: 
Yes. One second. We will just provide that. 
Vishal Wadhwa: 
We don’t have it ready. But what we have on the back of the call, I could say, West Bengal is 
the top in chart. Then we have Bihar. We have Assam, Maharashtra and MP, in that order. 
Prakhar Sharma: 
Got it. Probably Bihar is the one where, among the top 5, where you have the highest level of 
stress building up? 
Ratan Kumar Kesh: 
So, Bihar is holding up pretty well for us. West Bengal is doing very well. Assam, as you see, is 
doing extremely well for us. Odisha is a little bit of a problem. Parts of UP, bit of a problem. 
Maharashtra, parts of Rajasthan, bit of a problem. So, it’s like not the whole state, it’s just parts 
of it. 
Prakhar Sharma: 
Interestingly, you are saying that in the top 5 states, 5 states are holding up well. It’s outside the 
top 5 states where you are seeing a higher elevated sort of -- 
Vishal Wadhwa: 
Maharashtra is elevated, in parts like what Ratan spoke. Bit of UP, Eastern One is also elevated 
and that’s one of the markets as well. Our good state that’s still continues to hold good is West 
Bengal, which is our state, which we have good strength here. Bihar for us is doing very well. 
Prakhar Sharma: 
That’s interesting to hear. 
Vishal Wadhwa: 
And these are 2 large big states for us. 
Rajeev Mantri: 
Assam is also doing well. 
Vishal Wadhwa: 
Assam is doing very well. So, the top 3 states, the ones that are really doing well. 
Prakhar Sharma: 
And my last question. It’s slightly contextual. Can you give us a sense of what’s happening on 
the ground in terms of getting access to credit because this segment of customers do rely on 
getting access to slightly steady state of credit flow. But if lenders are always cautious about 
whether they will be the last ones to be paid off. So, is there a credit freeze in the market? Is 
there a probably more rationed credit, but not a freeze? So, can you give us some flavour of 
what’s happening on the ground? 
Ratan Kumar Kesh: 
There’s no freeze per se. Look, the SRO guidelines have been sort of adopted by most of the 
MFIN partner players. 10% to 12% drop in disbursement is clearly sort of seen in the overall 
market for the 4-plus lenders. So, to that extent, if someone is already overleveraged with 4-plus 
lender exposure, that clearly, there is a bit of a guideline and most of the players have adopted 
to it. 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited 
October 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Abhishek M. from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek M.: 
I have just one question. Your credit cost guidance for the year, how much have you assumed 
for EEB or for MFI basically? 
Rajeev Mantri: 
Around 3% plus. 
Abhishek Murarka: 
And do you think that is sufficient given whatever slippages, et cetera, you have seen so far? 
Rajeev Mantri: 
Yes. So, like I had said earlier, I think this is within assumption that whilst we are clearly seeing 
that the risk is elevated and we have seen the impact of that in second quarter, and we expect 
that impact to come through in the third quarter as well. We do have a belief that by fourth 
quarter, the situation should start to turn around to some extent. That is a belief as of now. 
However, as we have said that we will continue to monitor this. And if this becomes prolonged, 
we will certainly come back by the next quarter with an updated guidance. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we would take that as the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Ratan Kumar Kesh, MD and CEO, for closing comments. 
Ratan Kumar Kesh: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining the call, and thank you for your continued support. We look 
forward to your support in future as well as we welcome our new MD and CEO and take this 
brand to a new level. Thank you so much. 
Rajeev Mantri: 
Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Bandhan Bank, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
