 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
Corporate Office: 13, Sector-44, Gurugram-122 002, Haryana, India. Ph: + 91 12-4518900 
Registered Office: B-6/20, L.S.C., Safdarjung Enclave, New Delhi-110 029, India, Ph: +91-11-40511800 
E-mail: enquiries@sandhar.in, website: www.sandhargroup.com; CIN-L74999DL1987PLC029553  
 
 
Ref: STL/SE/ 2024-25/Investor Call Transcript /51 
 
Dated: 18th November, 2024 
 
To,                                                                              To, 
Department of Corporate Services                             Listing Department  
BSE Limited                                                               National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street                   C-1, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Mumbai- 400001                                                        Bandra, (E), Mumbai- 400051 
 
BSE Code: 541163, NSE: SANDHAR 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investor’s Conference Call held for Q2 FY 2024-2025  
 
Ref: Regulation 30 read with part A of schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to our letter dated 24th October, 2024 related to the Investor Conference Call and 
pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2) (oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby enclose the transcript of the Investor’s Conference 
Call held on 12th November, 2024 to discuss the financial results for the 02nd quarter and half year 
ended 30th September, 2024. 
 
The 
above 
information 
will 
be 
made 
available 
on 
 
the 
Company’s 
website  
www.sandhargroup.com.   
 
Further an Audio Recording regarding the Investor Conference Call is submitted to the Stock 
Exchange vide letter dated 12th November, 2024.   
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For SANDHAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
Yashpal Jain 
 
Chief Financial Officer & Company Secretary 
M. No. A13981 
 
Encl. as above 
Yashpal Jain
Digitally signed by 
Yashpal Jain 
Date: 2024.11.18 15:17:37 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“Sandhar Technologies Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAYANT DAVAR – CHAIRMAN, MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER– 
SANDHAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. YASHPAL JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND 
COMPANY SECRETARY – SANDHAR TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. SHAILLY JAIN – DOLAT CAPITAL 
 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sandhar Technologies Q2 and H1 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Dolat Capital. As a reminder, all participant line will be in 
the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask question after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need any assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is now being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Shailly Jain. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Shailly Jain: 
Thanks, Shifa. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Dolat Capital, I welcome you all in second 
quarter and H1 FY '25 Conference Call of Sandhar Technologies. From the management side, 
we have with us Mr. Jayant Davar, Chairman, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer. 
Along with him, Mr. Yashpal Jain, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary of the 
company. We thank the management for providing us the opportunity to host the call. 
 
Now I hand over the call to management for their opening remarks, followed by the question-
and-answer session. Over to you, Jayant, sir. 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for taking time to be with us this morning. I also 
want to thank Dolat Capital and Shailly for organizing this call. On behalf of Sandhar, let me 
just start with some remarks, and then we are very happy to answer any queries that you may 
have. 
 
So first of all, you're all aware that we have gone through a nice prosperous Diwali, and Diwali 
has been kind to the automotive industry. Most of the companies have done record numbers in 
terms of the Diwali sales. 
 
As far as Sandhar is concerned, you are all aware of the results that we released yesterday. But 
just for consignment again, we achieved a total income growth of 11.5% versus quarter of 2024, 
and 10.9% versus first half of financial year 2024 at a consol level. And we expect to continue 
the growth momentum over the last year's numbers, depending, of course, on the geopolitical 
situation, demand in the market, growth in the auto sector and other related events. 
 
In terms of margin, our consolidated EBITDA, you'd be happy to know registered a growth of 
110 basis points year-on-year basis for the quarter, and 10.6% in quarter 2 2025 versus 9.5% in 
quarter 2 2024 and 90 basis points year-on-year for half year, which is 10.2% in first half of 
2025 and 9.3% in first half of last year in comparison. 
 
So I think this is, again, brilliant news for Sandhar and for all of you who've been asking us when 
we will reach these numbers. In fact, as you've seen, we've reached this number faster than what 
we have explained in our last call. 
 
In terms of joint ventures, I'm happy to inform you that our joint ventures are growing fast and 
consistently improving the performance. Six of our joint ventures are PAT positive now. And 
one of the joint ventures, Kwangsung Sandhar, is marginally losses and expected to turn around 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
in due course. This has been possible with the consistent efforts towards cost control, 
localization, better business synergies, and we expect that the joint venture would continue with 
our growth trajectory. All joint venture companies taken together registered a total income of 
INR179 crores with an average EBITDA of 10.26%. 
 
In terms of overseas business, our Romania plant is gradually moving towards maturity and 
expected to be breakeven by the end of this financial year. Partial capex has been incurred on 
the project, and the remaining set of machinery shall be installed in the next financial year. 
 
In terms of new expansion projects, the company's expansion projects in Pune for cabins and 
fabrication and die casting are expected to commence commercial production by the end of 
January 2025. 
 
You'd be happy to know that our EV foray, the company has started commercial production of 
battery charges and is getting a very positive response from the market. The customer base is 
gradually increasing with more and more customers being added. The motor controller and the 
DC-DC converter are in testing phase and expected to go live in the next financial year. 
 
I also want to mention here our efforts on CSR. Over the years, we've dedicated ourselves to 
sustainable business practices that tackle economic, environmental and social challenges. Our 
efforts go beyond near business concerns, creating positive effects on the communities that we 
serve. 
 
Our CSR activities focus on key areas include health care through Sandhar Healthcare Centre, 
which is in village Begampur Khatola in Gurugram; education through Sandhar Ki Beti and 
Sandhar Centre of Learning at Devli Sangam Vihar; skilling and vocational through 
Swabhimaan program; senior care through Adopt a Gran program; environment, we have a 
program called Go Green through the Peenya Industrial Park, Bangalore. 
 
The company is focusing in diversity and creating equal opportunities for gender neutrality. The 
company's social programs are dedicated towards underprivileged, unserved and deeper sections 
of the society. 
 
Going forward, we, as a company, are looking towards certain focus areas, one being working 
towards ESG and SDG, which are Sustainable Development Goals to attain carbon neutrality in 
the coming years; diversification of our product portfolio; expanding customer base; and 
increasing content per vehicle. We will focus on generation of more free cash flow and 
deleveraging of the balance sheet as we will continuously improve our return on capital 
employed and return on investments. And of course, we will continue our focus on consolidation 
of our overall operations. 
 
That being my opening remarks, I'm very happy to take questions. With me today is Mr. Yashpal 
Jain, who is the CFO of the company, and he will assist me and take a lead on any questions 
regarding finance and other things. In terms of strategy or anything, I'd be happy to take calls 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
from all of you. Thank you very much, and look forward to your questions. Thank you once 
again, Dolat Capital. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question we have is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investments. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, my question is with respect -- specifically with respect to the sheet metals and cabin and 
fabrication business where we have a lot of capacity being put up for TVS, one of the clients. 
So there in the quarter 2 and H1, what would be the growth of these 2 divisions? That's my first 
question. Okay. 
Jayant Davar: 
Okay. You want us to answer the question first and then move on to the second question? Or 
you want to ask it all? 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Whichever way you are comfortable. I may ask every -- all the other questions also if you want 
to. 
Jayant Davar: 
Please ask the other questions, so that we can respond together. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
The other question is, if you could call out in your H1 and quarter 2, what would be the volume-
led growth? And if there is any price... 
Jayant Davar: 
All right. Okay. Yashpal, do you want to comment with those numbers? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, definitely. So like coming for the TVS project, your specific question was about TVS 
projects. So let me tell you, as far as we put up 3 projects for TVS, one was in Attibele, another 
was in Mysuru, another was in Nalagarh. Nalagarh is already operating at a level of monthly 
level of about INR12 crores a month. And if you take year-on-year for the half year, at that point 
of time, it was operating roughly at INR6 crores -- INR5 crores to INR6 crores. So it's just 
doubled. This is a growth for Nalagarh plant. 
 
Attibele is concerned, Attibele is operating at a monthly level of INR17 crores to INR18 crores 
against earlier level of INR9 crores to INR10 crores. And similar in the case of Mysuru, Mysuru 
is picking up because there has been some issue with the Riders volume, the premium product 
of TVS, which was supposed to be done from Mysuru. So presently, Mysuru is at a level of close 
to INR12 crores, INR12.5 crores against a level of INR3 crores in the corresponding half year. 
I hope that justifies your answer -- satisfies your answer -- question. 
Moderator: 
Sir, I believe the line for the participant got disconnected. We will proceed with the next 
question, which is from the line of Ajay Sharma from May Bank. Please proceed sir. 
Ajay Sharma: 
Actually, I just wanted to get a sense on how do you see both the top line growth as well as 
margin panning out over the next 2, 3 years? And I'm wondering why, I mean, typically auto 
components companies have higher margin, higher return on capital. What is in your business, 
which actually prevents you from achieving those sort of levels? 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Jayant Davar: 
Can you ask the second question -- second part again? 
Ajay Sharma: 
I mean, generally, auto component companies worldwide, even in India, the margins and returns 
on capital are much higher. And I'm just wondering what is in the nature of your business? Or 
is it the low value add kind of work you're doing that the margins as well as the returns are pretty 
suboptimal? 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, I wouldn't say -- so first of all, let me respond to the second question. Our margins are 
hybrid margins between different kind of businesses. And as you know, we now operate about 
45-odd plants. And in 45 different plants, there are different kinds of technologies that are in 
play. 
 
Several of the components that are under development, which will open up new avenues of 
technology going forward are in nascent levels at all points of time. If you look at our established 
businesses, which is, let's say, locks, mirrors, castings and so on and so forth, I don't think we 
are at any way less. In fact, in many cases, we are higher than our peers and competitors. 
 
And as we have said, we've made a lot of investment in the last few years. And as it matures, 
our margins are likely to go up on a sequential basis. I think this is the guidance that we had 
given in the past calls as well where -- Yashpal, you had mentioned a 50 basis points 
improvement, right, on -- do you want to respond to that? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, exactly. Yes, I would respond. So last year, like we closed at a margin of 9.95%. This year, 
we have given a guidance that we'll be improving in between a 50-point basis followed by 50-
point basis in the coming FY '25, '26. So we expect the margins to be hovering around 11%, 
11.5%. I think it's a decent margin given the situation when you are in the core manufacturing 
activities. There can be higher margins than other peers, but it depends on the nature of activity, 
whether we are core manufacturing or we are trading or we are assembling the products. 
 
Secondly, as far as the revenue growth is concerned, we have given a guidance that this year 
we'll be closing something in between INR4,000 crores to INR4,100 crores. And therefore, for 
the next year, we have a guidance of around INR4,500 crores to INR4,600 crores of revenues 
that we'll be generating at a margin of close to 11%. This is our revenue guidance for next year, 
along with the margin. 
Ajay Sharma: 
Okay. And on the EV business, how big do you expect that to become in the next few years? I 
mean how would be the ramp-up like starting from next year onwards? 
Jayant Davar: 
It's a difficult question. I don't think it's more spiritual call, if you ask me. It depends on the 
establishment of EVs as a permanent standee in the automotive industry. You are aware that 
there are several technologies at play with alternate fuel as well as the existing IC engines now 
becoming almost pollution-free in the new avatars that are going to come. 
 
So while we, as a company, are in tune to supply the components, which is DC-DC converters, 
which is chargers and motor controllers, these are for the 2-wheeler industry. And we believe 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
that as the 2-wheeler industry is one of the sectors which is likely to grow faster than the others, 
we should benefit. 
 
In terms of value, the 3 parts that we are going to manufacture have a total value of something 
in the region of INR12,000 to INR13,000 per vehicle. And therefore, it is a calculation as to 
what percentage of the market we'll be able to gather and garner. 
 
The big advantage that we have versus a lot of peers is that all our products and all the inputs in 
our products are all locally made vis-a-vis many other companies that are importing it from 
China and other places. And therefore, with the government bent on making everything in India, 
we do believe that we have a superior edge to moving forward and faster in these particular 
areas. But in terms of the actual revenues, we have not taken those in our business plans either 
for this year, and we will reconsider that when we make business plans for next year as to what 
percentage of our revenues will come from EV. 
Ajay Sharma: 
Okay. And lastly, how much capex do you need to incur this year and next year? 
Yashpal Jain: 
This year till date, we did about INR90 crores. And we are finishing up with some expansion 
plans, as far as mentioned in the opening remarks, the 2 plants at Pune. And we have some 
commitments over the last year that has been carried forward for the sheet metal projects that 
we have put up in the last 2 to 3 years. 
 
So -- and nevertheless, starting next year, we have policy. I mean earlier also, we are having a 
policy that normally, our annual capex charge is equal to depreciation, which is close to INR150 
crores to INR155 crores per annum. While this year, it might be around INR250 crores because 
we have INR100 crores of carry forward commitments, which we need to settle in this year for 
the expansions that we took in the past. 
Moderator: 
We have Mr. Pritesh from Lucky Investment back online with us. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sorry, sir, my line got dropped. So I don't know if I asked the third question or not actually. 
Yashpal Jain: 
You were asking for the growth from the TVS business, if I correctly remember, right? 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. So first question was specifically in the cabin and the sheet metal business, where we have 
put up a large capacity for the key client and there's a wallet share gain possibility. So what is 
the growth in H1 and Q2 for these 2 divisions? My second question is if you could decipher the 
H1 and the quarter 2 growth in terms of volume and price deflation, if any, because the base 
metal prices were different? 
 
And my third question is empirically, considering your wallet share gain and considering the 2-
wheeler growth, you should have grown -- and the revenue growth, you should have grown 
faster, a lot faster than 2-wheeler growth. So if there are any divisions where there is any miss 
on growth and if there is any cost correction that you guys have planned? So these are my 3 
questions. Everything on the revenue side? 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
So first, we'll start with the TVS project. Let me tell you, in cabins and fabrication, we haven't 
carried any expansion in the past 3 years. It's a normal capex that we have been put up. And 
cabins and fabrication will be closing above a mark of INR550 crores for the current financial 
year. 
 
So we haven't put any capex for the cabins and fabrication, especially the growth capex except 
the one, the expansion, which is going into Pune, which is already the pre-matches owned by us, 
and we will be spending total INR18 crores, nearly INR18 crore to install some sort of 
machineries over there. 
 
As far as sheet model business is concerned, we've set up 3 plants for TVS in the past 2 to 3 
years of time starting in 2021. Presently, they are giving us a monthly revenue of INR40 crores 
to INR45 crores in between from TVS side. 
 
If you ask me the year-on-year growth, last year, at the same time, the situation was that they 
were on a control level, generating a revenue of close to around INR18 crores to INR20 crores. 
They have just doubled because Attibele and Nalagarh are operating at the volumes that were 
pre-planned, and Mysuru will be picking up in due course of time because traders volume has 
been down. That's the reason the volumes have been down and operating close to INR12 crores 
a month. I hope this answers your question. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Can you give the H1 growth for both these divisions? 
Yashpal Jain: 
As I told you, it's INR42 crores -- INR40 crores to INR42 crores... 
Pritesh Chheda: 
No, no. Okay. 
Yashpal Jain: 
For H1, H1, I'm giving you H1 operation year-on-year. It has just doubled from INR20 crores 
to INR40 crores, INR42 crores. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
This is for sheet metal? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, this is for sheet metal. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
On a monthly basis? On a monthly basis? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Only 3 plants of sheet metal which has been put up for TVS. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
No, if you could give for the segment, including everything. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Apart from that, we have only 1 plant, which is for Hero, which is in Behrampur in Gurgaon. It 
is going to a normal growth of 10% to 15%, which Hero is generating... 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. Okay. And what would be the growth in the cabins and fabrication part of the business? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Cabins and fabrication is growing at a level of 10% to 12% because we haven't put out any new 
capacities, no plant has been set up in cabins and fabrication. They are already at the maximum 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
capacity that we could supply to the customers. It's operating above a level of INR550 crores. 
That's the maximum we could do from that... 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Perfect. This answers the question one. Question two, on volume and price if any? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Well, the items are such, they're going to the pieces and numbers. Exact volumes, I may not be 
able to give... 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Any indicative -- indicative -- any indicative guesswork is also fine. Was there a deflation? There 
was no deflation? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Well, very honestly, no guesswork can come out of this. As far as price settlement is concerned, 
you must be aware that the customers have taken up a uniform policy. They have identified the 
-- I mean the raw material sourcing -- sources. They have a consolidated contracts. So we are 
not affected by the any price increase or decrease. It is settled on a monthly or a quarterly basis 
depending on the customer cycle. They identified the vendors. They have a bulk contract with 
them, and we are taking materials from them. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
No problem. This answers the second question. And the third question, sir, on overall growth 
empirically should be faster than 2-wheeler if there are any divisions which are... 
Yashpal Jain: 
You see that 2-wheeler growth has not been even a double digit, if I'm right, right? 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So it is -- what number we see it's a double-digit volumes so that's why. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Last year, it was... 
Jayant Davar: 
There is no double-digit growth in 2-wheeler. 
Yashpal Jain: 
9.8% last year, if you see. We were around 20%. This year, these are the 2 quarters that we have 
sum up. It's 11.5% year-on-year. And quarter 3 and 4 are normally good quarters in the auto 
industry. So we expect that we have set up a target of around INR4,100 crores for this year. We 
would be able to achieve that turnover figure. 
 
And secondly, like there are products ups and downs, we have a mix of construction equipment, 
also cabins and fabrication, which will be picking up in third quarter. And at the same time, the 
car segment is not working proper, although we enjoy a small share in car segment. But still any 
downwards on the car segment affects the entire, I would say, the growth of the organization, 
but still we are at a comfortable growth. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Abhilasha from Quantum. 
Abhilasha: 
So you just mentioned that we are expecting around INR4,100 crores. So I'm supposing that we 
are then guiding for around 15% to 16% year-on-year growth for the second half. So can you 
just elaborate what will drive that because 2-wheeler, again, we are expecting a similar higher 
double digit or mid -- sorry, higher single digit or mid-single-digit number for the industry. So 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
in the first half, if you have not grown substantially higher than the industry growth then, what 
is it driving in the second half? That is my first question. 
 
And secondly, let's say, for the next year, we are guiding INR4,500 crores. I suppose if the 
industry continues to grow in that tandem, then -- and if we have always guided that we can 
grow double the industry growth, then why are we guiding for just 10% to 12% growth for the 
next year when our cabins and fabrication business also will be ramped up? So I mean why we 
are guiding for the subdued growth for the next year? Can you just explain? 
Jayant Davar: 
Let me answer this question in a different form. We have outperformed the industry and we will 
continue to outperform the industry on account of new businesses that we've added in the last 
few years. I think there was -- this could have a relation to the question that was asked by the 
gentleman before as well. 
 
In terms of sheet metal, the new business that we had generated, our capacity utilization at this 
point stands at somewhere in the region of 55% to 82%. So that gives us a leg room to be able 
to grow this. And the orders are in place. So the development activity is on, and the start of 
production for these will begin in the second half of the year on a graduated basis, and that is 
the reason why Yashpal is saying that, that would be a trigger of growth. And irrespective of the 
growth of the industry, we are quite certain that with these new developmental and these new 
product lines being added, our trigger for higher growth is already in place. 
 
In terms of locks, our -- the Suzuki order, which was the order to do smart locks was delayed -- 
has been delayed from November to January now. Again, in the next quarter, you will see that, 
that will start adding along with some other componentry which will bring onward. 
 
The third aspect is that the last quarter is always the heaviest quarter, if you go back and see in 
history of the automotive industry. And a large part -- so if we actually divide this and we say 
that 40% of our revenues in the past and by historical patterns comes in the first 2 quarters and 
60% comes in the second half of the year. If you were to balance for this, I see no reason why 
there should be any change to that particular victim. 
 
And that is why it becomes -- we feel we are very, very confident that whether the industry 
grows or doesn't grow with the growth patterns that are already inside with the existing orders, 
we should be able to deliver the revenue that is being suggested right now. We may be a little 
conservative right now, but we feel being conservative is a little better and to assure you that 
whatever we are saying is kind of a hand in that. 
Abhilasha: 
Okay. Sure. And the similar outlook, can you give for the next year? I mean, yes, I understand 
that we are conservative. But then in that case, what could be the upside from where the upside 
could come to our projections? 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, in the next financial year, obviously, it's too early for me to say right now. But from my 
gather, like I said, we have spare capacities available. We have new capacities coming up. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
 
As far as we just mentioned that we have 2 plants that are now on the annual. One plant is being 
set up for cabins and fabrication. The other one is being set up for die cast in Pune. These 2 will 
add to capacity utilizations for orders that we already have in the books. 
 
So there is a certain element of revenue that is already kind of guaranteed for next year. We also 
believe that even in the sheet metal that I mentioned, this will continue to grow for the utilization 
of the capacities that we have. So we are quite confident that there should be a healthy premium 
growth over the industry growth in the next financial year as well. 
Abhilasha: 
My last question is on the working capital and debt. How do we see that is some of our 
incremental business coming at incremental working capital? And how do we see, therefore, 
debt movement going forward? 
Yashpal Jain: 
So I'll answer Abhilasha. So like as of September, we have a gross debt of INR620 crores and a 
net debt of INR581 crores. And we expect that we will not be reaching a level of INR700 crores. 
As of now, we are operating at a working capital of around INR30 crores. That's the utilization 
that we have done as far as working capital is concerned. 
 
Rest is the term loans that we have taken to fund our expansion plans, which are mostly complete 
now and they have started generating the revenues and the repayments are already in process. 
So I think there should not be any concerns regarding the breaching of the debt levels that we 
have internally set. And we are generating sufficient cash flows even in this half year also, it's 
close to INR142 crores that we have generated the cash flows, which are sufficient enough to 
fund our expansion plans also. 
Abhilasha: 
So that I understand. So do we have -- apart from whatever the regular repayments do we have, 
do we see the debt repayment accelerating because the cash flows will be good? 
Yashpal Jain: 
No, we will not be going with any accelerated prepayments. It depends on the situation at the 
time if some better opportunity comes, we'll be following the normal prepayment period -- 
repayment period instead of going for accelerated prepayment of the debt. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Jay from Dolat Capital. 
Jay: 
Sir, my first question is on your current debt level. So sir, could you just let us know what would 
be the peak debt? And how would be the peak payment schedule going on? 
Yashpal Jain: 
This is regarding debt level? 
Jay: 
Debt level, yes. 
Yashpal Jain: 
So like our gross debt is INR620 crores as of September, net debt is INR581 crores as I said in 
the earlier also, we have a capital commitment of close to INR250 crores in this year, which 
includes INR100 crores of carry forward. At the same time, we are generating about INR140 
crores of on a half yearly basis, the internal cash generations through the operations. So I think 
we will not be reaching a level of INR700 crores -- INR700 crores in the debt given the situation 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
after paying off our all expansion and the commitment for the past projects and the current 
projects that are ongoing. Secondly, as far as repayment is concerned, we are well within the 
schedule and the repayment has already started as per the plans that has been submitted by the 
lenders. And we are not going for any prepayments to them because prepayments come with a 
commitment cost. At the same time, we require money to fund our expansion plans. So this is 
how we plan to keep the debt level. 
Jay: 
Okay. Sir, my another question is in locking systems. Could you just give us some guidance how 
does the growth look ahead, especially for the new orders? As you said here Maruti -- Suzuki 
order has been delayed. So sir, could you just give more further light on it as well? 
Yashpal Jain: 
So as I said, like responded to Abhilasha in the previous question, Suzuki product will be starting 
in Jan and Feb. There are 2 different products, smart locks and the shutter locks. So once that 
starts, there will be increase in the revenues because obviously, the smart locks are much pricier 
than compared to the traditional mechanical locks. But again, that is something which will be 
happening in quarter 4 and starting next financial year. So obviously, the growth will be coming 
up in locks and mirrors and I mean, in the smart locks segment. But again, it depends on the 
adoption by the market. So let's see how it performs in the market, I mean, especially the Suzuki 
model. 
Moderator: 
Next question we have is from the line of Ankit Manocha from Adezi Ventures. 
Ankit Manocha: 
So this is specifically with regard to margins for H2? I mean, if you look at the current raw 
material costs in terms of commodities and also we look at the capacities that are coming on 
board, do we still feel confident that the EBITDA growth that will come in H2 would come both 
from margins and volumes? So would we expect margin expansion above this current 10.6%? 
Or do we believe that it's coming -- it will be more a function of volumes ahead? 
Yashpal Jain: 
So like Ankit, it is a mixture of both because obviously, we operate in hybrid segments. We have 
4 different products and the segment ranges that we are operating, verticals largely. So what 
happens is that all the verticals have a different set of margins, right? And we have given a 
guidance at the beginning of this year that we'll be improving by 50-point basis. So from 9.95%, 
we have kept a target of a target of 10.45%. 
 
It is because that we are executing some new expansion plans also and there are a lot of expenses 
initially when we start up those plants, especially in terms of development costs and other costs, 
which we are charging off through the P&L account. So I think the guidance that we have given 
is valid. And taking together the average of second half at the year-end, we would be achieving 
what we have given as an improvement of 50-point basis -- in a range of 50-point basis from 
9.95% to 10.45% in between. 
Ankit Manocha: 
Okay. And what's the outlook on the current scenario with the commodities and the commodity 
prices? 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
In commodities, the major raw materials, they have been like I would say, OEs or customers, 
they have made a contract, bulk contract with the supplier. They are deciding their prices and 
they are passing us the same to us. So we are not affected by the increase and decrease because 
they are setting up the price and same price is reimbursed to us by them. 
Ankit Manocha: 
Okay. Understood. And secondly, I mean, my second question is more with regard to the on-
ground demand that we see in the 2-wheeler industry. So looking at the festive season and also 
looking at the scenario ahead, I mean, if you look at different factors like the inventory levels 
that are there at the production floors or on the -- in the dealerships. And overall, what is our 
outlook on demand? Does demand seem to be stronger than last year? Or is there -- or would it 
be the same or lesser? 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, I won't be able to answer that question in great detail, except to tell you that FADA, which 
was projecting low pickup of vehicles is bullish again now with the demand that seems to be 
coming from the rural segments of the country. And therefore, that demand will lead to maybe 
lower CP of motorcycles, but the volumes is probably going to be higher. 
It is also being exhibited by the fact that the inventory levels now within the showrooms has 
dropped down to less than 30 days, which is probably the first after several, several, several 
quarters. And that, I think, is good abatement to the fact that we should continue with production 
till -- and there is seasonality and there is place in the market to absorb even a higher inventory. 
So I would imagine that at this point of time, as we sit, we seem to be in a comfortable position. 
Moderator: 
We will take next question from the line of Saurabh Jain of Sunidhi. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Many congratulations for healthy set of numbers. I have just one question left. My other 
questions have been answered. Sir, if you can provide us with the capacity utilization numbers 
in each of our reporting segments on fully expanded capacities, including these 2 plants in Pune, 
which were earlier scheduled to commence production by September '24, one for die casting and 
one for cabins and fabrication. So I'm just looking for a ballpark capacity utilization number 
including the recently expanded capacities and the capacities which are coming on board in the 
near future? 
Jayant Davar: 
This is a question that needs more deliberation. And the reason for that is where assembly 
businesses are concerned, whether it's locks or mirrors or even cabins for instance. Cabins, for 
example, need space, but they do not need too much of capital investment. Where locks and 
mirrors are concerned, they need more manpower, but the assembly spaces and the capital 
investment is comparatively lower. Where die casting and sheet metal are concerned, these are 
capex-based businesses and therefore, capacity utilization is measured easily. 
 
In the die casting business, with the new plant coming online, I think we will have close to 25% 
to 27% capacity, which is likely to be added to the entire portfolio other than the organic 
business. In sheet metal, I did mention that our current capacity levels are between 55% and 
82% depending from plant to plant. And those we believe could be utilized with the orders that 
we have in hand, which will start rolling out of our production lines in the next few months. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay. So if I may ask it differently, once we have these capacities ready for commercial 
production by the end of this fiscal, sir, then what kind of top line can be achieved from the 
existing like by March capacities? 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, I think by March of '25, you're saying? 
Saurabh Jain: 
Yes, yes. 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, that I think we've already given you that March of '25, we've said that 40% business comes 
in the first half, 60% comes in the second half. It's an easy calculation for you to be able to know. 
Saurabh Jain: 
No, of course, sir, I got the top line growth, but I just wanted to know with the capacities in 
place, what can be achieved? 
Jayant Davar: 
No, no, no. These capacities are also for next year. So it's not as if we will utilize the entire 
capacities up to March. We are saying this is the capacity utilization. There are businesses that 
are being developed right now. There are parts that are under development, which will come 
online perhaps in the next year, even in the sheet metal. I'm not saying all of them will start 
rolling out in this year. Some of them will spill over into the next year. But as an overall entity, 
if you were to ask me on a ballpark basis, I would imagine that our capacities that we have within 
the plants can afford at least a 20% to 25% higher output than what we will have in this particular 
year. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Radha from B&K Securities. 
Radha: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for the great results. Sir my first question is 
that with Honda, we had added Honda Shine as a customer. And in that, are we supplying only 
locks or are we supplying locks and mirrors as well? Also, are you expecting to add more models 
with Honda and more products also with Honda? 
Jayant Davar: 
You're talking of Honda Motorcycle, right, Radha? 
Radha: 
Yes, sir. 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes. So Honda is -- yes, Honda, we started with locks. We are now waiting for their offtake of 
the smart locks that will begin shortly. But besides that, a large chunk of business is being added 
to our portfolio of casting. So I understand that we are close to about INR100 crores of casting, 
and this is an area that's also growing. So Honda will become a substantive -- Honda 2-wheeler 
will become a substantive customer for us as we go forward as we discuss with them other 
opportunities within the other segments that we operate in. 
Radha: 
All right, sir. Are we also looking for any new model wins in Honda or only for the Honda 
family. 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, in every model from now on, we will participate. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Radha: 
All right. So just from Honda, in next 2 years, what kind of revenue are we looking at? 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, like I said, it's difficult to say right now, depending on what parts are concluded for the 
additional stuff. But in terms of what we are looking at and the orders in hand, you are aware 
that the lower CC motorcycle is doing quite well, where we supply 100% of their locksets. And 
with the smart locks, that will get added. Those volumes are small to begin with, but the value 
of that is much higher than mechanical locks. So in the locks business, I would anticipate a 
growth of about 25% to 30% in terms of pure value for Honda in the next year. 
Radha: 
All right, sir. Sir, secondly, the domestic die casting and sheet metal business is witnessing a 
strong growth. Is this just like you had guided historically? So please throw some light on which 
are the products among these 2 segments that are gaining more traction? And any new product 
launches that are expected in these 2 business verticals? 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, Radha, thank you for that question. So one, you are aware that we had bought over the 
machining business of all TVS lines from TVS. So while the machining far end came also came 
through were several casting businesses that have been added to the portfolio. And therefore, 
you have seen a quick ramp-up on the revenue growth of the casting business to an extent that 
we have been forced into setting up a new plant that we are doing right now. In fact, one in 
Chennai for die casting and one in Pune. 
 
So with these 2 additions, these will lead to capacities which will be close to 25% or 30% from 
our existing capacities. And with them getting filled, you can easily calculate the volume growth 
that we will get out of these new facilities towards the existing customers as well as from new 
customers that have been identified and are being spoken to and some parts are already being 
developed. 
Radha: 
All right, sir. Sir, last question is just a clarification to one of the response to previous 
participants. You mentioned that customers have made a bulk contract with the supplier and they 
are setting up the prices. Could you please elaborate a bit on this? And how is this for us versus 
the peers in the industry? 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes. So this is -- I think Yashpalji had already mentioned. When you say bulk contracts, this is 
a routine process in the industry that every quarter, our prices are banked up so that for us, 
commodity prices are a pass-through. Now within that framework, so let's assume that we have 
aluminum selling at INR100 in the 1st of April. And then over the quarter, the prices change 
from INR100 to INR105 to INR110 to INR120, the mean price is taken, which then becomes 
applicable from the 1st of July. So there is a lag of 3 months, but otherwise, commodity prices 
for us, for the entire automotive industry and supplier community is matched up every quarter. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from Aditya Kondawar from Complete Circle Capital. 
Aditya Kondawar: 
So first of all, great execution by Team Sandhar. My first question was, can you just give some 
color on the EV 2-wheelers that we are working with, especially the start-ups. What kind of 
volumes are you seeing from them? And what kind of a ramp up do we expect some them? 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
 
And number two, on the new product portfolio or new customers, I understand that the legacy 
products are very difficult to break into. So how are we approaching this side of the business? 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, we personally believe that while there are many, many, many new EV players that have 
entered the market, it seems that the legacy players who have entered this particular area, 
whether it be Bajaj or whether it be TVS or whether it be Hero may finally get to rule the roost 
because they have established R&D centers. They have a lot of money that can be thrown behind 
these new products, and they are waiting largely for the market to kind of mature. You are aware 
that the market is still very patchy in some sense. And from what I understand, and I'm sure all 
of you have seen, the statistics say that 56% of the people who bought electric vehicles don't 
want to buy electric vehicles any longer or again. 
 
So it's a mixed bag right now. However, having said that, there are players in place, the new 
ones you've heard of OLA, you heard of Acer, you heard of Simple, you've heard of a few others 
who seem to be doing well, but we'll have to wait and see how these kind of pan out. Obviously, 
I don't think there is going to be space for 50 new EV players who can establish and come out 
with model changes that are required in our industry at the speed, which requires much higher 
levels of investment. We will have to wait and figure that out. 
 
In terms of our plan, like I said, we have a premium product that is localized completely. And 
that is a big attraction for the OEMs to play with. So we are in discussions. We've already started 
supplying to 3 customers. We are also in discussions with several others. And we are hopeful 
that over a period of time, the EV play that we are in will start to have a significant revenue 
percentage as a part of our entire revenue. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Pavitra Godara from Mahadev Road Carrier. 
Pavitra Godara: 
Namaste, sir. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Namaskarji 
Pavitra Godara: 
Sir, I would like to know which are your main clients and how much revenue have you received 
from them this time, from every client? And what do you expect in the next quarter? 
Yashpal Jain: 
If you see the revenue, more of our revenue comes from 2-wheeler segment. So in 2-wheeler 
segment our clients are TVS Motor company, Hero Motocorp, Honda Motorcycle, Suzuki 
Motorcycle. these are all 2-wheeler customers, from which we receive maximum revenue nearby 
about 63% from all these. 
Apart from these we deals in construction equipment, JCB, from there we receive 8% revenue 
from there. We supply equipment's to Honda cars, locks, mirrors, etcetera. We get revenue from 
there. And we get around 15% to 18% revenue from overseas operations where we supply 
passenger cars. So, this is our revenue breakdown. It will continue in this ratio 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Udit Gupta, who is an individual investor. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Udit Gupta: 
How are we doing in terms of the 4-wheeler business, like on an earlier call, you had said that 
we had won some orders from Hyundai. So how is that progressing? 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, Hyundai is going through. Again, I think there was a delay in the product that we have. It's 
a very good product, which was supposed to launch off in November and December. That was 
the initial target. We've now been told to start pilots in the month of March, which means the 
effect of that revenue will come in the next financial year. 
Udit Gupta: 
Sir, any plans for capital raising or to retire debt? 
Jayant Davar: 
Nothing so far, but we are looking for opportunities. As far as debt is concerned, of course, 
Yashpalji will supplement me. We do feel that while we are comfortable enough to be able to 
service debt, we are looking for other opportunities, some inorganic or otherwise or other growth 
channels, which will then necessitate the need for additional capital when we will look at those 
particular opportunities to be available. Yashpalji, do you want to answer? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, sir, perfectly right. As said, like the debt repayments are going as per the schedule. But yes, 
if we are looking for some growth opportunities might be inorganic. That time, we'll be thinking 
of raising some capital. 
Udit Gupta: 
And sir, how is the export business doing in terms of the ramp-up there? And how is the growth 
there? 
Yashpal Jain: 
You are referring to the overseas operations? 
Udit Gupta: 
Overseas. Sorry. Not the export. The overseas operations, sir. 
Yashpal Jain: 
So overseas, like the first half was a little bit, I would say, stagnant. But second half, we are 
projecting that it will be showing us a growth of around 12% to 13% over the last year's number. 
Udit Gupta: 
And the margins in the overseas business, sir? 
Yashpal Jain: 
It's a double digit since inception. The EBITDA margin is close to 10.98% in this half year. The 
challenge is the Romania plant that in the initial remarks also, sir has told that by the end of this 
year, we expect it to be breakeven. So earlier, we used to operate at an EBITDA level of 13.5%. 
And once the Romania plant breaks out, I mean, it achieves a breakeven point, we might go back 
to the earlier level. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from Shailly Jain from Dolat Capital. 
Shailly Jain: 
Sir, can you please give me the performance of all of our subsidiaries? And what are we -- how 
are we looking ahead? 
Yashpal Jain: 
So subsidiaries, if you see the difference between the stand-alone and consolidated financials, 
the remaining revenues coming from subsidiaries. So the total revenue from the subsidiaries for 
this half year is INR482 crores. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Shailly Jain: 
Sir, I wanted subsidiary-wise performance? 
Yashpal Jain: 
So subsidiary-wise performance, like the biggest subsidiary in Indian operations is Sandhar 
Engineering, which is taking care of the sheet metal business, the new business that we have set 
up. So Sandhar Engineering has done fairly well compared to the year-on-year, I mean, the 
comparison. for this half year, it has registered an income of INR192 crores versus INR87 crores 
of the corresponding. So it's just -- you can see the growth is more or less a double growth. 
 
And as far as the EBITDA is concerned, they are well at the, I would say, breakout level. They 
have already achieved EBITDA of 7% -- and going forward, when the volumes ramp up in the 
Mysore and the Halol plant, the double-digit margin that we have projected will be achieved. So 
this is how the sheet metal is working, Sandhar Engineering. 
 
And overseas operation, as I just said, overseas operation by the end of this year, once Romania 
plant stabilizes, might see a turnaround, and we might go back to earlier levels of 13%, 13.5% 
of EBITDA margin. For this half year, they have given us an income of INR234 crores at 
EBITDA margin of 10.9%. So these are the 2 bigger subsidiaries. And third one is the machining 
business. It is going as per the schedule and as per the margins that we have projected. 
Shailly Jain: 
Okay. That was helpful. And what is our current level of localization? And what are we planning 
for it ahead? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Localization in terms of, I mean? 
Shailly Jain: 
Yes. 
Yashpal Jain: 
we are procuring components and materials locally only, except a very small, I would say, import 
content. Otherwise, we are largely procuring locally made. 
Jayant Davar: 
I would imagine, Shailly, that more 98% of our -- or even 99% of our procurement is local. 
There is less than 1% or a couple of percent, which is imported for some of our locks for the 4-
wheeler segment. But beyond that, everything is local. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ma'am. Thank you, sir. As there are no further questions, I would like to hand the 
conference over to management for closing comments. 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, thank you once again to Dolat Capital, to Shailly and the team and the facilitators. Thank 
you to the audience and to the investors who took time out to participate in our con-call this 
morning. We, as a company, are very, very bullish with the new areas that we've entered with 
the new investments we've made. 
 
And we are very prudent in ensuring that all investments that are being made, that have been 
made will be utilized to their full extent in the shortest time possible. We are also very, very 
hopeful and bullish on improvement of margins, as you will see in the coming times. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
 
With that, I want to wish you all a very happy New Year to you and your entire families. God 
bless you all, and thank you once again. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Dolat Capital, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us. You 
may now disconnect your lines. 
