 
 
Classified as Public 
Angel One Limited
CIN:  L67120MH1996PLC101709, 
SEBI Registration No Stock Broker:INZ000161534, 
CDSL: IN-DP-384-2018, PMS:INP000001546, 
Research Analyst: INH000000164, Investment Advisor: INA000008172, 
AMFI Regn. No. ARN–77404, PFRDA, Regn. No.-19092018. 
Corporate & Regd Ofﬁce:
601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, 
Andheri (E), Mumbai - 400093.  
T: (022) 4000 3600 
F: (022) 4000 3609 
E: support@angelone.in 
www.angelone.in 
Classified as Internal
To, 
Listing Department
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Department of Corporate Services
BSE Limited
Exchange Plaza, C-1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051.
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001.
Symbol: ANGELONE
Scrip Code: 543235 
 
 
Sub:  Filing of the transcript of earnings call with analysts and investors under Regulation 30 of 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015.   
 
Further to our intimation on September 25, 2024 intimating of the earnings call with analysts and 
investors to be hosted by the Company on October 15, 2024, please find enclosed herewith the 
transcript of the said earnings call for your reference and records. 
 
The transcript of the earnings call will be posted on the Company’s website at www.angelone.in.    
 
You are requested to take note of the same. 
 
For Angel One Limited 
 
 
 
 
Naheed Patel 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS: 22506 
 
Date: October 18, 2024 
Place: Mumbai 
 
 
Encl.: As Above 
 
 
 
NAHEED 
REHAN 
PATEL
Digitally signed by NAHEED REHAN PATEL 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=9864f5d901414fc5a0973fe37b2
b5169, 
2.5.4.20=ada6b9d983b03c8e2802615c6ef01
e3b8a58731e21325c14ce39b2d3d8f97442, 
postalCode=400059, st=MAHARASHTRA, 
serialNumber=333b54bd95a7b4b72066364d
67a6162749f8eacabfc4132538e641ebee970
e18, cn=NAHEED REHAN PATEL 
Date: 2024.10.18 16:17:39 +05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
 
Angel One Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call 
October 15, 2024 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Dinesh 
Thakkar 
Vineet 
Agrawal 
Amit 
Majumdar 
Ravish 
Sinha 
Jyotiswarup 
Raiturkar 
Ankit 
Rastogi 
Chairman & 
Managing 
Director 
Group Chief 
Financial Officer 
 
Group Chief 
Strategy Officer 
 
Group Chief 
Product & 
Technology 
Officer 
Group Chief 
Architect & Chief 
Technology 
Officer 
Chief Product 
Officer 
 
Nishant 
Jain 
Prabhakar 
Tiwari 
Ketan 
Shah 
Deepak 
Chandani 
Anuprita 
Daga 
Meenal 
Maheshwari 
Shah 
Chief Business 
Officer – Assisted 
Business 
Chief Growth 
Officer 
 
Chief Sales & 
Revenue Officer 
 
Chief Data 
Officer 
 
Group Chief 
Information 
Security Officer 
Group General 
Counsel 
 
Manmohan 
Singh 
Subhash 
Menon 
Dr. Pravin 
Bathe 
Saurabh 
Agarwal 
Devender 
Kumar 
Bhavin 
Parekh 
Group Chief Risk 
Officer 
 
 
Group Chief 
Human 
Resources 
Officer 
Chief Compliance 
Officer 
 
 
Chief Business 
Officer - New 
Business 
 
Chief Revenue 
Officer – Direct 
Business 
 
Chief Product 
Operations 
Officer 
 
Hemen 
Bhatia 
Shobhit 
Mathur 
Dharmendra 
Jain 
Hitul 
Gutka 
 
 
CEO – Asset 
Management 
 
Co-founder – 
Angel One 
Wealth 
Co-founder – 
Angel One 
Wealth 
Head of Investor 
Relations 
 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange 
on 15th October 2024 will prevail. 
 
 

Angel One Limited 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Angel One Limited's Q2 FY'25 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Hitul Gutka from Angel One Limited. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Hitul Gutka: 
Good morning and welcome, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Angel One's 
Q2 FY'25 financial and business performance. The recording of today's earnings call and the 
transcript will be uploaded on our website under the Investor Relations section. The financial 
results, investor presentation and press release are also available on the website.  
For today's call, Angel One is represented by Dinesh Thakkar, Chairman and Managing 
Director; Vineet Agrawal, Chief Financial Officer. We also have the senior leadership team of 
Angel One, along with SGA, our IR consultants. 
The leadership team will give us a brief overview of the operational and the financial 
performance of the quarter gone by, which will be followed by a question-and-answer session. 
Please note, there may be certain forward-looking statements made during the course of the call, 
which must be viewed in aggregate with the risks that the company faces. 
With this brief introduction, I now invite Mr. Dinesh Thakkar for his opening remarks. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Q2 FY'25 has been an eventful quarter, characterized by regulatory changes and strategic 
initiative at Angel One. First, SEBI introduced the true-to-label regulation with the goal of 
ensuring the standardization of transition charges for trading and investment fraternity. SEBI 
also introduced some tightening of regulation around the derivative segment for the industry 
with admirable intent of strengthening the equity index derivative framework, focusing on the 
long-term sustainability and protection of investors, particularly small retail participants, while 
promoting growth and stability in India's capital market. These efforts include the rationalization 
of weekly index derivative product to one per exchange, increased contract sizes for index 
derivatives and a 2% increase in the ELM on expiry day. 
While these adjustments may potentially result in short-term softness in trading volumes, they 
are expected to fortify the market in the long run. We at Angel One will continue to monitor 
client behaviour closely in coming quarters and we remain optimistic about the long-term 
outlook measured as a lifetime value for our clients. Our belief stems from our past experience 
of SEBI's earlier interventions such as peak margin regulations enacted in December 2020 and 
the margin segregation between cash and collateral in May 2022. 

Angel One Limited 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
Taking into consideration the permanent impact of the true-to-label transition charges, we 
implemented several proactive tariff adjustments, including introduction of brokerage on cash 
delivery orders and the imposition of interest on disproportionate non-cash collateral offered as 
margin exceeding ₹ 50,000. These measures, as communicated in our previous earnings call, 
were designed to mitigate the revenue impact while maintaining a sustainable business model. 
In our ongoing effort to enhance our market share, we have rationalized the interest on the 
margin trading facility offering to a flat rate of 14.99% annually, based on our successful 
experimentation in previous quarter. We believe this approach will help us continue to garner a 
larger market share in growing MTF segment.  
Diversification remains a very important aspect of our overall growth strategy. Angel One went 
live with distribution of credit products on its platform after thoroughly testing and incorporating 
client feedback. The company launched unsecured personal loans through partnership with three 
NBFCs and plans to onboard more partners soon. The digital distribution model offers deep 
penetration, providing access to credit to a diverse client pool. 
The platform utilizes a proprietary propensity scorecard for risk management. This scorecard 
was developed by leveraging our data analytics capabilities. As of the 30th of September 2024, 
cumulative disbursement through our platform totalled ₹ 3.6 billion. As we progress in this 
segment, we will take a calibrated approach in scaling up the credit distribution business based 
on enhanced risk understanding.  
We also launched the distribution of fixed deposit on the app through ties with six partners, 
including banks, small finance bank and NBFC. Our clients can now invest in fixed deposits as 
an off-the-shelf product without the need to open a bank account, further diversifying our 
product offerings. 
In mutual fund space, we achieved a significant milestones, reporting our best quarter with more 
than 2.3 million unique SIP registration, including more than 8 lakh in September 2024 alone. 
Signifying the excellence of our mutual fund journey, we witnessed positive trend in terms of 
time to first SIP purchase, average ticket size, number of clients doing their second SIP, etcetera. 
The adoption and maturity achieved by the product on the platform suggests that the engagement 
and retention efforts are paying off well.  
The expanding suite of products from equity broking to distribution of third-party financial 
products showcases the evolution of our Super App and its advanced capabilities. As we 
continue to enhance our product offerings, we are steadily becoming more capable of fulfilling 
all clients' financial needs and empowering them to close their financial life cycle loop within 
the platform. 
On broking front, we remain committed to improving the trading experience through 
technological advancements. During the last quarter, we launched a refreshed version of Traders 
Spa with several key enhancements, augmented clients' ability to change order preference and 
optimized search functionality for better keyword matching, to name a few advancements. In 

Angel One Limited 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
addition, we integrated ChartIQ into our platform, providing an alternative to the existing 
charting option available on Super App. 
The strategic use of data continues to drive our operational efficiency and improve client 
engagement. Data democratization and advanced data science solution provides sharper client 
insights, improve client support through automation and streamlined operations, ultimately 
enhancing client retention. 
During this quarter, we also witnessed notable progress in our assisted business. We redefined 
the partner acquisition, engagement and retention playbook, refined journey on the NXT 
platform and integrated a signalling mechanism to empower partners to engage with clients more 
effectively. Leveraging our strong data analytical capabilities to develop cohort personalization 
based on behavioural insights, the business vertical continues to experience significant growth 
as envisaged. 
As a part of our ongoing effort to invest in building blocks of wealth management, we have 
expanded the team and our presence across different cities. We onboarded talent with deep 
knowledge -- with deep domain and tech expertise as well as decades of experience in client 
relations and proven track record of delivering success at the point -- at some of the large global 
consumer-focused tech companies.  
In addition, we are augmenting our relationship managers' bandwidth as we focus on penetrating 
and serving clients in Tier 2 cities. We strongly believe that there is a tremendous growth 
opportunity, especially in the HNI segment, which is currently the underserved segment. 
Through our wealth management, we strive to leverage that domain expertise, coupled with our 
technology capabilities to disrupt the business and offer the service to the wider audience. 
Our asset management business awaits final regulatory approval, and we will provide updates 
in due course. 
During the quarter, we further solidified our management bandwidth with onboarding of Arief 
Mohamad as a Chief Business Officer, Direct business. Arief brings over 16 years of 
distinguished experience in e-commerce, scaling up business with a strong understanding of 
customers entailing superior engagement. Prior to joining Angel One, Arief served as a Vice 
President and Head of Fashion at Flipkart. He led critical charters ranging from creating 
customers first strategy for shaping client engagement, spearheading loyalty programs, 
overseeing digital marketing initiatives, growing the mobile and fashion category by leveraging 
data. 
Operationally, Angel One delivered strong results in quarter 2 FY'25, acquiring approximately 
3 million new clients with about 90% coming from Tier 2, Tier 3 and beyond cities. These 
acquisitions mean our total client base exceeds 27 million clients, making us one of the largest 
player in the industry. Our focus on gaining and sustaining our market share is evident from the 
44 basis points of sequential expansion in our share in India's Demat account, reaching 15.7 
percentage as of September 2024.  

Angel One Limited 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
Our clients executed nearly 490 million orders during the quarter, translating into an ADTO of 
more than ₹ 871 billion, on an equity option premium basis. With a 19.3 percentage share in 
overall retail equity turnover, we continue to report improvement in our market share across all 
segments. 
Our sustained focus on growth, client satisfaction, technological advancement is further 
solidifying our position as a leading player in India's evolving financial ecosystem. Here, I would 
like to emphasize that our focus on unit economics guides us towards healthy business growth. 
Our digital model enables us to achieve economies of scale with superior lifetime value while 
optimizing the cost of acquiring clients, thus enabling us to sustain our robust profitable metrics 
despite the evolving customer demographics. 
I will now ask Vineet to take you through our financial performance before we open the floor 
for questions. 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Thank you, Dinesh bhai. Good morning, everyone. Amidst a quarter of -- with muted volumes, 
I am happy to share that Angel One delivered a very strong operational and financial 
performance with sustained market share gains in Demat accounts, active clients and retail 
equity turnover. Our aggregate orders grew by 5.8% sequentially to nearly 490 million, aided by 
6.7% higher number of trading days. We clocked our highest ever quarterly total gross revenue 
as we crossed the ₹ 15 billion mark for the first time, registering a 7.5% quarter-on-quarter 
growth. 
Our gross broking revenue grew by 2% sequentially to nearly ₹ 9.4 billion in quarter 2 of FY 
2025. The growth in our gross broking revenue trailed the growth of our aggregate orders as we 
witnessed a healthy growth in the cash delivery orders from our direct business where we did 
not charge clients during the quarter. Gross broking revenues accounted for 62% of our total 
gross revenues with F&O contributing about 81% in quarter 2. Share of cash segment rose to 
nearly 13% of our gross broking revenue, which shall improve further as we start charging for 
orders executed in the cash delivery segment under the flat fee plan from November 2024 
onwards. Share of the commodity segment also increased to 6% in quarter 2 of FY 2025. 
Since majority of our clients are part of our direct business unit, their share in the net broking 
revenue stood at approximately 77%, while the balance 23% was contributed by clients acquired 
through our assisted business unit. 
With rising volumes in our cash delivery segment, we witnessed corresponding growth in our 
client funding book as well, which averaged at nearly ₹ 39 billion for the quarter, sequentially 
up by 48.1%. Our period ending client funding book stood even higher at ₹ 43 billion. Growth 
in the interest earned on this book also factors the differential interest rate charged to our assisted 
business clients. 
The interest earned on client funding book, along with the interest earned on deposits with 
exchanges, grew by 22.1% sequentially to ₹ 3.6 billion, thus accounting for about 24% of the 
total gross revenues for the quarter. Effective November 2024, the interest charge on margin 
trading facility across all clients is being reduced to 14.99% from 18% earlier. We believe that 

Angel One Limited 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
this alignment of interest with other industry peers and our seamless offering of the product will 
help grow the client funding book and cash delivery orders, thereby offsetting the impact. 
The ancillary income, transaction income linked to the value of the orders executed by our clients 
on our platform remained stable at ₹ 1.1 billion and accounted for nearly 8% of our quarter 2 
FY 2025 total gross revenues. From October 1, 2024, it is this income that has got extinguished 
as per the recently introduced true-to-label SEBI circular of July 2024. In our effort to insulate 
the business from this impact, we have implemented several measures as highlighted by Dinesh 
bhai in his opening remarks. 
Income from distribution operations grew 53.4% sequentially to ₹ 257 million, accounting for 
nearly 2% of our gross revenues for the quarter. This was predominantly driven by higher 
number of IPOs, coupled with full-fledged distribution of credit products through our platform 
to our clients. 
Finance cost increased by 35.7% quarter-on-quarter to ₹ 754 million on account of 38% quarter-
on-quarter higher borrowings to fund the growing client funding book. 
Employee benefit expenses, including cost of granting ESOPs, grew 14.6% sequentially to ₹ 2.3 
billion on account of headcount increase in the wealth management technology, product and 
data analytics teams. Increase in employee benefit expenses sans ESOP cost is on account of 
new joinees and accrual of variable pay for the wealth business, whilst the increase in ESOP 
cost is on account of fresh grants to new joinees across the businesses. 
Other operating expenses for the quarter fell by nearly 25% sequentially to ₹ 3.7 billion. In 
quarter 1, we booked ₹ 1.1 billion on account of proportionate cost towards IPL associate 
partnership and related digital and media advert spends. The same does not form part of our 
quarter 2 financials. Net of this brand spend of quarter 1, our other opex declined by 2.1% 
sequentially despite nearly 16% higher gross client acquisition during the quarter. 
Our quarter 2 reported consolidated EBDAT margin stood at 49.9%, while this was higher by 
1,220 basis points quarter-on-quarter as compared to our reported quarter 1 margin, it was still 
better by 191 basis points quarter-on-quarter when compared to the normalized quarter 1 margin 
at 48%. This operating margin also subsumes the expenses on incubating new businesses of asset 
management and wealth management. The robust margin profile validates our granular focus on 
the unit economics as we reap the benefit of higher lifetime value of our clients, which is core 
to our growth metrics. 
Depreciation and amortization costs increased by 13% sequentially to ₹ 256 million in quarter 2 
as this was the first full quarter post capitalization of assets in quarter 1, coupled with increased 
incremental assets capitalized in quarter 2. 
Our reported consolidated profit after tax from continuing operations grew by 44.6% quarter-
on-quarter to ₹ 4.2 billion, making this our historic best profit performance. The normalized 
PAT for the previous quarter was ₹ 3.8 billion after netting out the impact of IPL-related costs, 
and our reported profit for quarter 2 is higher by 12.2% sequentially. 

Angel One Limited 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
Our H1 total gross revenues and profit after tax stood at ₹ 29.3 billion and ₹ 7.2 billion, 
representing a growth of 57.3% and 36.3%, respectively, over the corresponding previous 
quarter. Our H1 profit after tax is 63.6% of our entire FY 2024 profit, demonstrating our 
sustained and strong growth trajectory. Period-end cash and cash equivalent, client funding 
book, investments and security deposits with exchanges stood higher as on 30th September 2024 
as compared to 31st of March 2024. Correspondingly, we also witnessed higher client monies 
and borrowings as of 30th September as compared to March 2024. 
The consolidated net worth of the company increased to ₹ 52.8 billion as of 30th September. As 
we continue to operate the business within our desired margin profile, our H1 annualized return 
on average equity remains healthy at 34% and improvement over our quarter 1 annualized ROE, 
which was impacted due to softer margin and higher net worth on account of the fund raise. We 
strongly believe that our ROE is on the trajectory to trend back to our historical levels in due 
course. 
With this, I conclude the presentation and open the floor for further discussion. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question from line of Swarnabh Mukherjee from B&K Securities. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. Four questions from my side. First of all, on the 
circular on the equity derivatives space, just wanted -- I mean, you have already mentioned that 
there could be a shorter-term impact on the trading volumes in terms of some softness there. Just 
wanted to understand how we are seeing the impact for us. Maybe if you can give some 
quantification or the proportion of clients who might get impacted by the different facets of 
regulation, particularly the lot size increase in specific. And what could be your if you're on the 
same corrective actions or pricing-related actions that you might want to take on the F&O side? 
Sir that is the first question. 
Next, on the cash delivery segment, I wanted to understand whether the price increase can lead 
to some amount of sensitivity of customers because one large peer has still not increased the 
price in this segment. And if you could give some color on what could be the blended realization 
of this segment as the pricing kicks in, whether it would be closer to the ₹ 20 mark that is there 
or it should be somewhere in between? 
A couple of more things quickly, sir. One is on the interest income side. The UPI block 
mechanism, how do you see this panning out? Would you expect a shift there? And related to 
the strong delivery in terms of the expenses this quarter, just wanted to understand what steps 
you have taken to control the cost this quarter and whether this can be sustainable. Sir these are 
my questions. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Thank you, Swarnabh. First, on circular on this derivative segment, we say like this is very 
difficult to quantify exactly how much would be the impact. But our estimation is that impact 
would be roughly in the region of around 13% to 14% of net income that we get from the 
customer. But if you look at tailwind that customer acquisition run rate, which is in the region 
of around 50% to 60%, it seems this impact would be negated in not more than a quarter or 2 
quarters. But what is important is that intent of SEBI is to reduce losses of retail audience. So if 

Angel One Limited 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
losses reduces, if they are able to achieve that, lifetime value of a customer is going to increase. 
So we are very optimist that in terms of lifetime value, there is no impact. There can be impact 
of revenue from a customer in a week or a month or 2. But we work on a business metrics of 
cost of acquisition to lifetime value. That is not going to change. 
And second factor, what we see is that growth rate of customer base, which continues to be in 
the region of around 50% to 60% for digital players, including us, that will continue. So the 
small kind of like correction, regulatory changes, which makes market healthy is always good 
for long-term prospect of organization like us. So we are very kind of like bullish in terms of the 
revenues that we are going to get from the customer in terms of lifetime is going to be same or 
is going to increase. 
Second, as we are entering into multiple products because customer will be retained on our 
platform, we would be able to sell more products to the same customer. So overall, we are 
expecting that we will be able to get more wallet share from the same customer. On second -- 
on cash segment, I believe... 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir, just before we move to the cash segment, I just wanted to clarify that this 
13%, 14% number you mentioned, is this only on the F&O broking or overall like broking, 
distribution, interest income all together? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
No, no. It is broking and related income from broking like Demat charges and all other related 
income that we get from customer. Related to his broking activity, that is what I'm mentioning, 
impact on that total income from a customer. So when we calculate lifetime value from a broking 
customer, I'm talking about that income. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Okay, sir. And just one clarification was that you like take any measures to neutralize it or as 
the lifetime value increases, you will eventually see we need to recoup? I mean, I just was curious 
that whether we should expect the industry level maybe pricing increasing there and you might 
also want to take that step that I wanted to understand. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Pricing is not exactly connected to this. Pricing can be because we are offering a better product 
on our platform. And there's a big difference between pricing what we are offering and what a 
traditional broker with inferior kind of like experience is providing, it can be a factor of that. But 
if you look at by changes in derivative contract, cost is not increasing. So if cost is not increasing, 
there is no impact on margin. So there is no reason for us to really think about pricing 
immediately till that time we see impact we will not be able to recover. But if you look at 
customer base, the way it is growing to the tune of 50%, 60%, it is a matter of extra capacity that 
is created. 
But having said that, we are open to, if at all needed to work on price and all that. But currently, 
we would like to wait for a quarter or so to see the impact of volume. But as I said that I do not 
see any kind of an impact in terms of cost escalation in terms of serving a customer or acquiring 
a customer. So it is a matter of time that we would bounce back to a similar kind of an OPM. 
But price, we are -- like there is lots of elasticity.  

Angel One Limited 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
If we go for price increase and all that, I don't see any impact in terms of customers not coming 
on our platform. See this platform -- time and again, we have seen, it is not sensitive to price to 
the tune of ₹ 5, ₹ 10 per order. There are lots of competition who came out with ₹ 10 per order 
and all that. They were unable to gain market share. 
What is important is that experience of a customer on this platform, if they see value on being 
on this platform and if we feel that, okay, we need to increase price, there is nothing that, okay, 
we feel that we will lose customer or customer will not come on our platform. So there's a big 
difference between pricing what technology players are offering and what traditional brokers are 
offering. Still, there is quite a headroom that we -- if we want, we can utilize that. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Understood, sir, very clear. Sir, if you could address the... 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Yes. And second, on cash segment, it appears to be blended kind of realization would be closer 
to what we get in F&O because we have seen ticket sizes quite decent in cash segment. So it will 
be somewhere around what we get in F&O segment. Third, you were talking about UPI blocking 
mechanism. Vineet, if you can take this or Devender can take this. 
Vineet Agrawal: 
So Swarnabh, this ASBA in secondary market or UPI block, as you mentioned, this is mandatory 
offering for QSBs from January onwards. Let's wait and see how the client behaviour pans out. 
We don't see that there is going to be any significant impact on this because of the ticket size of 
our clients. But again, this is something which we'll again discuss maybe during the fourth 
quarter call once this mechanism becomes active. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
And on your fourth question on expenses this quarter. See, primarily, we have accounted for all 
the expenses for all the businesses in this quarter. And what you will see is that, okay, in future 
quarters, like as you saw that, okay, we are able to now able to sell our kind of like loan products 
and all that. So slowly, we'll see lots of revenue coming from that vertical where already we 
have accounted for expenses. But there is one factor of expenses, which is very important for 
you to keep in mind, acquisition of client. If we get an opportunity to acquire more customer, 
given that we are entering like in 2 quarters IPL and all that, if you see that opportunity, always, 
as I say, it is an upfronting cost where revenue is going to follow for the next 5, 6 years. So we 
would not shy away from taking more expenses if we get an opportunity to acquire more 
customers and get a better market share. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Congrats on great set of numbers. Just on the new businesses, so we've disbursed around ₹ 3.6 
billion in terms of loans or distributed rather. So what is the kind of realization that we're getting? 
And what is the kind of aspirations for this segment to be, say, in the next one year or so? That 
would be my first question. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Sure. See, we are very bullish on all these new businesses because as you said that we migrated 
from broking app to Super App. Reason was that we want to be leader in all kind of like 
distribution business, be it loan product, be it insurance, be it anything that a retail customer 
wants. So we have very kind of high aspiration in terms of being leader in that segment. On 
numbers and everything, I'll ask Saurabh to answer this. 

Angel One Limited 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
Saurabh Agarwal: 
In terms of the take rate, I think we are at par or slightly better than market standards right now 
in the distribution business. And more and more details of the business we'll get out once we 
ramp up the business over the next few quarters. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. And where are we in terms of wealth management with regards to products, RM addition 
and where are we in terms of wealth management? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Is Shobhit there on the call 
Shobhit Mathur: 
I'll take that. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Yes. Please you can take. 
Shobhit Mathur: 
Yes. So there are a combination of things that we have done. As Dinesh bhai mentioned, this is 
more a combination of very strong domain expertise and bringing technology together to deliver 
that and add efficiency. We've already started to do 2 sets of activities. First one being that we 
have already started to publish content, which is across three different categories of content, 
which you will see in the Investor Relations presentation as well across macro views on asset 
classes, across views on overall macro economy and specific news on events which happened. 
So those things have started. And separately, we have already initiated third-party distribution 
business where a combination of mutual funds, PMSs, AIFs have already started to get offered 
to customers. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. Where are we in terms of RM count? And what are the addition plans there? 
Shobhit Mathur: 
So the relationship team is getting hired a combination of people -- some people on board, some 
people joining us over the next few months serving their notices. The RM team is under the 
ramp-up stage right now, I think the full-fledged team should be built out over the next month 
or so. So you will see the full built-out of the RM team in the next quarter. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Sir, on the assisted partners business, what is the kind of AP network that we have today? And 
how many have we added in the, say, last 6 months? Also, the mutual fund business is mentioned 
to be scaling up from that element. So will the distribution revenue start growing from that 
channel as well? And what kind of potential we see there? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
See, AP business, we are very bullish on AP business, and that's the reason like we have brought 
in a big team and big changes. In AP business, we believe that not only we would be kind of like 
looking at distribution or like getting revenue from broking, but also distribution of mutual fund, 
insurance and all that. For further detail, let me get in Nishant over here, if at all he is online. I 
think there was some disconnection. Okay. So Nishant is disconnected. Let me take this. 
So in terms of number of APs, we are in the region of around 9,000 to 10,000. And this business 
is also growing as equal to our digital business. So share of AP business is around 22% to 23% 
of our revenue. But we feel that this also business would be able to keep pace with this growth 
in digital business. 

Angel One Limited 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
And last question on the burn rate of these new businesses, what should we think? And when do 
we see real contribution from these businesses, say, from FY'26 or FY'27? How do we see the 
burn rates in these businesses and going ahead? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Like new business distribution of loans and all that, already we are seeing traction in terms of 
getting revenue from that. And in a few quarters, we will see -- we'll start distribution of 
insurance on our platform. So these new businesses where we have been invested like for 18 
months, already, they have started doing revenue. And on wealth side, I feel it is a matter of like 
a few quarters that will start giving good revenues.  
So as previous earnings call, we guided everyone that this burn rate would be around 2% to 2.5% 
of our total revenue. So that way, we maintain that because we want to grow all that vertical. So 
we believe that kind of breakeven for new businesses would be in next 1.5, 2 years and maybe 
wealth may take around 2.5 to 3 years. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Swechha Jain with Whitestone Financial Advisor. 
Swechha Jain: 
Sir, I have two questions. One was on the lending distribution that we have started. Just wanted 
to understand what would be our revenue model there? I mean are we getting some onetime kind 
of a fee for distributing these loans? Or it will be like -- how do we make -- what would be the 
income out of that? What is the revenue model basically for us there?  
And second thing on the NBFC lending, what happens if a loan defaults? So, we mean those 
loans that we are distributing, will it count as an NPA for us or the credit risk belongs to the 
banks or the NBFCs through which we are tying up for distribution. So this was the first question. 
So answer this and I'll ask the second one. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
No. I you can ask second. So let us take all the questions and then we'll answer all that. 
Swechha Jain: 
Okay. Sir, second one was on the transaction -- standardization of the transaction. I think you 
did mention some bit of it in the opening remarks, but I kind of joined a little late, so I missed 
that commentary. So just wanted to understand how do we plan to negate that impact because I 
think it will be an impact of ₹ 400 crores, ₹ 410 crores on an annual basis? So how do we kind 
of take care of that impact of the transaction costs? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Okay. So impact of transaction kind of like you're talking about transaction cost that is true-to-
label, right? 
Swechha Jain: 
Transaction charges, the transaction charges, which now -- we were charging -- we used to 
charge slab-wise to our customers. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Yes. So we have increased our kind of like -- or maybe we have started charging for cash delivery 
transactions. We have put -- like we are charging interest on collateral that we receive for -- so 
that way, by putting all these additional kind of charges on cash segment and charging for 
collateral that we receive as a margin, we would be able to negate this impact of true-to-label. 
Second comes change in F&O contract size and rationalization of weekly expiries and all that, 
one contract per exchange. So we feel that impact would be around in the region of 13% to 14% 

Angel One Limited 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
of the total income from the client. And we are seeing that customer base is growing at a rate of 
50%, 60%. 
So, we would like to see the kind of like impact on overall behaviour of customers. Then we'll 
take a call whether some action has to be taken on price side or is there any other levers that we 
can use to negate that kind of like impact. Too early to talk about that impact. But true-to-label 
impact, we have negated by putting charge on cash delivery and interest on collateral that we 
receive. And on NBFC, Saurabh, if you can answer on one time and risk of that credit default? 
Saurabh Agarwal: 
Sure. Sure Dinesh bhai. On your first question on how we intend to make money on the lending 
distribution piece, the idea is to -- the idea is to charge a one time payment for a loan that is 
disbursed via an NBFC. And each time the customer takes a repeat loan also, then again, we 
make the one time payment for that loan itself. So the idea is to have the customer on our 
platform and to serve the customer continuously over his lifetime, where if it takes multiple 
loans, we make money on each loan. So that is in terms of the income. 
In terms of the default, right, I mean, since we are purely in the distribution business, right, the 
default completely lies in the books of the NBFC and/or the bank that we have tied up with. So 
there is no implication of the default on our business whatsoever. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nidhesh from Investec. 
Nidhesh: 
First, can you break the opex that is being incurred for wealth management and asset 
management business in quarter 2? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Vineet, if you can take this. 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Yes. So, Nidhesh, as we have guided in the past, the overall impact of the opex for incubating 
the asset management and wealth management businesses is about 1.8% of our OPM. So this 
49.9% OPM, had we not spent on the wealth and asset management businesses, would have been 
around 51.5%. 
Nidhesh: 
Okay. Secondly, in the assisted business, the mutual fund distribution that we will be doing, that 
will be regular plans or direct plans? And if you can share the quantum of AUM that you have 
gathered through assisted business, mutual fund distribution. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Nishant, you can take this. 
Nishant Jain: 
Yes. So as far as the mutual fund side is concerned, we are about -- we are operating through the 
regular mutual funds, if that was the first part of the question. On the AUM, I would request. 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Nidhesh, right now, we're not sharing the AUM numbers. So we'll disclose it as we feel it 
appropriate at some later time. 
Nidhesh: 
Sure. And just last question on -- again, on assisted channel. Do we also have plans to distribute 
loans and other financial service products through the AP channel? And what is the -- is there 
any update on distribution of such products as of today? 

Angel One Limited 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
Nishant Jain: 
Yes. As articulated in some of the previous interactions, assisted business is an omni-channel 
play. We intend to have clear plays in multiple categories of products and therefore, multiple 
channels. And therefore, a short answer to your question is yes. More details would follow once 
we have kind of fructified and initiated some of those plans. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanidhya from Unicorn Asset. 
Sanidhya: 
Firstly, congratulations to team at Angel One for such great set of numbers in such a challenging 
situation we are facing at the business. My first question, sir, would be on -- okay, multiple 
questions, just small questions for the basic answers. So firstly, on the market share increment 
in the Demat, so incremental market share in the Demat. So that is reduced by almost 2 
percentage if you see quarter-on-quarter. So do you see any impact on the SEBI circular for not 
going via the unregistered partners? Is there any impact on that, firstly? 
Secondly, on the ₹ 500 crores limit per trading member that would be reviewed, I think intraday 
from January, I think maybe new circular. Thirdly, on the -- you're saying that lifetime age of 
the customer would be increased. So I wanted to -- if you can throw some numbers, how do you 
think the LTV would be increased? Because you are saying 13% to 14% impact on the net 
income from the customer to the broking side. So what other products do you think would be 
able to compensate this? 
And lastly, if you could share the average ticket size or the per order value for the equity cash 
segment for last year, not current year, but if you can share for FY'24, that would be great. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Okay. On market share on Demat, Devender or Bhavin, you can take this question on this ₹ 500 
crores trading limit. On LTV, what I meant is that when a customer comes to this market, he or 
she allocate some share of wallet to do trading and do some activity in cash or commodity 
market. That is not going to change. So if a customer loses lesser amount in the market, that 
person would be encouraged to continue for the longer term in the market. So when we calculate 
lifetime value, we see that, okay, what's an activity of a customer, which would be there for a 
block of, say, 5 years. But data suggests that lifetime value of a customer is beyond 5 years 
because we have almost completed like a kind of life cycle where we can extrapolate data beyond 
5 years. So we can see there is a life left beyond 5 years also. 
Now that we have introduced more products on our same platform, mutual fund, we have seen 
good traction of people buying mutual fund. And if you look at mutual funds SIPs and all that, 
almost we can say that customer would continue to invest in this market if they start their journey 
at 25, 26 till the time of retirement. So one, in kind of like broking activity, trading activity, we 
are seeing if they lose less money, they are going to be more active or for a longer period, they 
will be active in the market. That will increase lifetime value. Plus, they will buy multiple 
products on our platform. So overall, what is important is that retention of a customer on our 
platform, if they lose less, they are going to stay more. 
On other questions, average order size, we don't disclose. Rest demat and trade limit, if at all 
Devender and Bhavin can take this question. 

Angel One Limited 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
Devender Kumar: 
Can you repeat the question on the market share reduction on Demat side? It was not clear on 
our side. 
Sanidhya: 
Yes, yes. Sure. So if you see the presentation, so last Q1 FY'25, the incremental share in Demat 
account was 22.8% whereas 21.1% share is incremental Demat account in Q2 FY'25. I wanted 
to understand this almost 1.7% impact in the additional new Demat account. So is this because 
you see any impact due to the change in the regulation that we cannot now tie up with the 
unregistered people with SEBI? 
Devender Kumar: 
Okay. Yes. So I think at an overall level, we have maintained that we have been working on the 
overall business metric of profitability of the client. And we -- keeping that as guideline is how 
-- we have moved ahead in terms of market share acquisition. So at an overall level, we don't 
see any subdue in terms of market. And at our level, we have maintained our margins, and there 
might be a small change in terms of growth here and there. But on an overall level, we see that 
the market share that we have been doing, which is around 23%, will remain constant and we'll 
progress from that point of view. 
Sanidhya: 
Okay. So no impact from the new circular that you cannot tie up with the unregistered people 
right? 
Amit Majumdar: 
No, Sanidhya, if I may add. So the digital channel, digital referral agent was not a large business 
for us any which way. So that doesn't have an impact on the customer acquisition. And as 
Devender pointed out, there will be times during the year where we could be lesser than the 
usual other quarters, but that is more to do with how do we see the market panning out from a 
profitability standpoint. As Dinesh bhai had also pointed out that our cost of acquisition is a 
function of what kind of opportunity we see in the market. So in the last quarter, we saw 
differential opportunity, and therefore, that plays out in the way the number of customers we 
acquired for that quarter. But in the subsequent quarter, things may again change. So this is a 
very volatile number. Nothing should be drawn on the basis of this. 
Sanidhya: 
Great. And on the ₹ 500 crores limit for trading update? 
Bhavin Parekh: 
Yes. So on the ₹ 500 crores limit, as you know, that there is a clearly defined number by SEBI. 
But we don't see this getting impacted to our retail base as of now. So we have not seen this as 
a problem at our end. And.... 
Sanidhya: 
Assuming that there will be no impact on our trading position. 
Bhavin Parekh: 
Absolutely. 
Sanidhya: 
Okay. And lastly, if I could ask you -- okay, we are not sharing the per order value for the cash 
segment, if you can share the overall turnover for the last year? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Vineet, do we share any of the number what he's asking? 
Vineet Agrawal: 
So we share the overall cash turnover, not the cash delivery turnover. Cash turnover for the last... 
Sanidhya: 
Intraday and delivery, both could share. Yes. 

Angel One Limited 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
Sanidhya: 
Sorry? 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Can I just come back on this number? 
Sanidhya: 
Sure. And one last for Dinesh sir. Sir, I just wanted to say if we can have a separate call with the 
wealth management team once the business starts because there are a lot of questions to be asked. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Yes, sure. We are also equally excited to have a call. So definitely, like we will arrange a separate 
call with the wealth management team with their plans, aspiration and what they are planning in 
the next few quarters. Sure. 
Vineet Agrawal: 
The cash turnover was ₹ 100 billion for the quarter. 
Sanidhya: 
No. Sir, last year, if you can share, that would be fine. We can extrapolate. Okay. That helps. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir, can you give me what is our -- in equity derivative market or options market, what is our 
premium to notional percentage? Means how much premium cost typically we collect compared 
to the notional ADT or what we do in only in options market like in bps, if you can give me a 
colour, that will be useful. And second, because the premium turnover data clearly not available 
in your presentation. And second is that just wanted to understand from your total volumes 
perspective in options derivative, how much is contributed by Bankex? Just -- that's the second 
question. 
And the third question, what I have is, sir, that given you have indicated that there could be 13%, 
14% impact on the net income, if you can give a waterfall on that impact, whether it will be 
more because of the lot size increase or reduction of the number of expiry days. Sir in your 
assessment, which will be impacting that 13%, 14% of impact in the net income? And lastly, if 
there is a 13%, 14% impact, will you still maintain that EBITDA guidance, which you shared at 
the start of the last year -- or this year, around 43%, 44% for the full year? Yes, those are my 
questions. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Yes. Yes, in terms of premium volume, I'll just ask somebody to answer later. On this impact of 
13%, 14% see, there is no arithmetic -- very simple arithmetic what you are seeing that, okay, is 
there an impact of like Bankex or Nifty and this. So we have seen that when lot size was 
decreased just in the beginning of this financial year, if you apply that logic, our volume should 
have really gone up substantially but does not work that way. So based on past patterns and all 
that, we try to do work -- working on what kind of customer activity would be and instead of 
what they are doing, what they will do. So our data science team has worked out the kind of bit 
complex kind of like metrics, which we are able to extrapolate that based on past whatever has 
happened, it seems impact of -- on these changes what SEBI has announced would be in the 
region of 13% to 14%. So whatever kind of like prediction we have made in the past also you 
will see they are very closer to what impact we see in the industry unlike lots of our competition 
gets worried. But I think it does not work very arithmetically that, okay, person doing one lot 
will stop doing it. By that sense, even when lot size was decreased, there would have been 

Angel One Limited 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
substantial rise in volume, which happened in April 2024. We did not see that kind of a rise in 
volume. 
So the way retail works, it is not that in the market for one lot, if all that is not available, they 
are going to totally withdraw from the market. Youth who wants to come in equity and want to 
trade, they will explore a few other opportunities or they will bring in more money or whatever. 
So this is how we calculate it. It's a bit kind of like complex based on our data science models. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Based on your assessment, maybe I understand that it's a difficult number to quantify. But your 
model says that whether it is more to do with lot size increase or more to do with reduction in 
the number of expiry days, which will have an impact. I just wanted to understand which impact? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Yes. So it is a combination of both, but that weekly expiry which has been reduced, more impact 
can come from that side. But as I said that, okay, if a customer is active in the market, instead of 
doing, say, like 10 lots, he may do maybe 6, 7 lots in that month. But if I take extend this kind 
of like activity for a year, the activity for a year would proportionately would be almost same, I 
would say. So sometimes weekly options also not necessarily that client is active all the weeks. 
So if they get kind of a lesser expiry, so they may like in a year, they will trade almost of an 
equal kind of like quantity. So our model is based on like, okay, maybe based on this 
rationalization, there can be kind of like larger impact in a month or so. But if I extend this for a 
year, it seems that impact would not be as high. So on your second question, whether guidance 
on EBITDA, would we be able to maintain that? Yes, definitely, we would be able to maintain 
that. We can see improvement in that because now we are able to sell multiple products to the 
same customer. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it. Perfect. And maybe before Vineet can answer premium to notional number, just if you 
can quantify your revenue from loan distribution in second quarter or 1H? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Too early to say just because we have started this quarter. Give us 1 or 2 quarters so that we are 
able to be a bit precise in terms of guidance and number. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it. Perfect, sir. And on initial 2 questions, the premium to notional and Bankex contribution 
to total number of orders? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Bankex is a separate contract, we don't disclose. Vineet, if you can take that first question. 
Bhavin Parekh: 
Yes. So Sanketh, this is Bhavin here. Premium to notional ratio is similar to what exchange ratio 
is. It's in the range of 16 basis points to around 18, 19 basis points. It hovers between that. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay. So basically, average what gets reflected in NSE is broadly reflected at your end too, 
right, in that sense? 
Bhavin Parekh: 
Yes. Yes. Perfect. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Is it fair to assume that in your volumes still Bankex and Sensex contribution is not meaningful 
because base notional to -- premium to notional is meaningfully really low. 

Angel One Limited 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
Amit Majumdar: 
Sorry, Sanketh, those are numbers we are not able to disclose today. So we can't give you index-
wise what volumes we do. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pallavi Deshpande from Sameeksha Capital. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Just wanted to know on the wealth management side, the ₹ 250 crores investment, so what is the 
stake we hold versus the co-founders that we brought into the business? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Wealth management company is 100% subsidiary of AOL and there is a separate ESOP pool for 
that company. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Right. Just wanted to have a sense of where do we see our holding, let's say, 4, 5 years down the 
line in this -- in the wealth management arm. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
It depends on performance and all that, too early to say that. There's an ESOP pool which we 
have created based on performance. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aman Singh from Profitgate Capital Services. 
Aman Singh: 
I have two questions. First, on the MTF side. So we highlighted a few quarters earlier that we'll 
focus on the MTF and we have doubled the book in a year. And now we have reduced the interest 
rates on MTF. So is it the competition that is haunting the MTF and the growth will slow down 
in coming quarters? This is first.  
And second, so we are selling regular mutual funds in the wealth management part of the 
business and direct mutual funds on the platform the Super App that we have. So what are the 
plans to monetize the customers that are purchasing direct mutual funds from us? Are we 
planning to introduce regular plans on the Super App also? These are the 2 questions. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Okay. On MTF side, it is not that we were influenced by competition and all that. It is based on 
like leverage what we can get and growth prospects that we see in that vertical, we would like 
to increase our market share. So if we look at viability in terms of business model and all that, it 
is viable at this rate. And in fact, if at all, we see higher volumes, we would be okay to adjust 
price because what is important what's an offtake of this book that is important. So what we are 
seeing currently, we saw a good opportunity in terms of growing this book size. And keeping 
that in mind, we thought let us kind of like put the price where it becomes viable for the customer 
to borrow money and trade in the market and all that. So all said that, equity is going to give a 
certain return. So we have to see that customers who are using this facility, it becomes viable for 
them to avail of these facilities. So based on that, we take decision and we look at growth 
opportunity and what kind of like future growth we can see in that area. 
On second question, on that platform, we offer direct. And there is no kind of like need for us to 
monetize as these customers are doing some other activity on our platform. As I always say, we 
don't look at revenue or profit per transaction. We look at the revenue that we can get from 
relationships. So a person who onboards and buys mutual fund on our platform, they are -- 
probably they are going to be retained for a longer period of time. That whole lifetime, they are 
going to do far more other transactions, avail of more services on our platform. So if you look 

Angel One Limited 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
at lifetime value, always you say lifetime value is important for us. So we believe this person 
who starts his SIP journey and would be buying more multiple products, lifetime value of this 
customer who starts onboards as a buying mutual fund directly or a customer who onboards as 
an equity, it appears lifetime value would be almost similar. 
Aman Singh: 
Sir, a small follow-up on the second part. So as we are now entering the wealth management 
business also, will it not make -- will it not be better that we target the bottom of the pyramid, 
the people who are buying direct funds by monetizing and selling them the regular funds because 
we are entering the mutual fund distribution business to the wealth arm also. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
See, they are probably different models. Wealth management is more of kind of an advisory, 
guidance for people who want on the wealth. Direct business on the platform, people who are 
taking their own decision, and they will look for some kind of digital advisory and all that. So 
we want to keep it separate. So because people who are coming on the wealth management side, 
they want to pay for advisory services or they want to pay for guidance that they get for their 
wealth and for their assets. So we want to keep it distinct. Distribution would be on our platform, 
which is direct. If at all any customer wants an assistance, there is a charge for that. 
Aman Singh: 
Right, sir. Sir, just a small clarification. As you highlighted earlier on the call that the company 
will not shy away from any upfront marketing that will give us more customers. So the IPL cost 
that we incurred last year, the IPL sponsorship cost that would be there for next 5 years, and 
there are no change in plans because of the disruption in the F&O part of the business. Am I 
correct? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Yes, yes. Because we would like to continue being like, I would say, increase our market share. 
So wherever you get opportunity in terms of -- on top of the mind recall or people who want to 
consider to come into equity, our name should be a first choice for them. So we would continue 
to spend on IPL plus complement by putting in more kind of expenses on branding and all things 
what we did last year. So we have seen a big benefit because of doing this activity and 
complementing with some branding activities. So we'll continue with that. Now we have more 
reason because now more products are available on our platform where commercially we can 
just sell and earn from that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ajox Frederick from Sundaram Mutual Fund. 
Ajox Frederick: 
Just one question, sir. Sequentially, our admin and other expenses adjusting for IPL has come 
off despite clients or the customer acquisition going up about 15%, 16%. So what are we doing 
differently this quarter one? And can this cost optimization sustain in the coming quarters? That's 
my question. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
See, we work on cost of acquisition to lifetime value. So say, like every quarter, you see there 
will be some kind of like difference because cost of lead and all that changes, pricing on social 
media changes. So there can be small variation. But what we look at average cost of acquisition 
across the year, and we believe wherever we see opportunity that we have been able to optimize 
that cost, we would like to scale it up and acquire more customers. Our focus is on getting market 

Angel One Limited 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
share. And wherever we see unit-wise economy is viable to acquire more customers, we would 
like to go for that. So current focus is not on optimizing cost, it is more on market share. 
Ajox Frederick: 
So there could be some elevated costs coming up in subsequent... 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
If we get an opportunity, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parth from Alpha Wave Global. 
Parth: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. Just have one question. How frequently do you hit 
the open interest limit of 15%, given we have 20%-odd market share of turnover -- of the market 
turnover? And also the consequent question is, how large do you think you can grow from here 
on this front? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
On open interest, we haven't faced like big problem. Bhavin, you'd like to take this? 
Bhavin Parekh: 
Yes, sir. So Parth, we have not seen this particular problem at our end. And as the market open 
interest -- the 15% of market open interest, whichever is higher, we have a share of that. So we 
don't see any issue as of now on this. 
Parth: 
Got it. And just one more question. The 13% to 14% odd impact that you are expecting from the 
incoming regulations, is this on today's stock user base? Or are you sort of also factoring new 
customers coming in and sort of adjusting for that as well? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
No, no. This I'm saying per impact of per client who are active, what would be. But if I take a 
growth automatically like maybe it gets offset in 1 or 2 quarters because we are seeing tailwinds 
in this industry in terms of acquiring new customers, new customer coming to this market 
continues at the rate of 50%, 60% for digital payers. So I'm not factoring in that growth rate. So 
factoring the growth rate, then impact is negligible. In fact, we would be positive again in next 
year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aravind from Sundaram Alternates. 
Aravind: 
Congratulations on the good set of numbers. Sir, just a... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Aravind. Could you come a bit close to your handset? 
Aravind: 
Yes, yes. Is this better? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Yes, it's better. 
Aravind: 
Yes. Yes. Sorry for the interruption. But when we talk about non-BSDA accounts, is it safe to 
assume all the active clients would make up the major portion of the non-BSDA accounts or 
would be much more than that? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Bhavin, if you can take this? 
Bhavin Parekh: 
So it's safe to assume that most of our active customers are non-BSDA also. 

Angel One Limited 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
Aravind: 
Okay. Would it make a significant proportion of it like or would be like only 50%, 60% of non-
BSDA accounts? 
Bhavin Parekh: 
Yes, yes. Most of them is non-BSDA, and it will not have an impact. And that's what we can 
state as of now. 
Aravind: 
Yes. And sure, sir. And you were also talking about the operating profit margin would have been 
like 1.2% higher like if it not had been for the investment we made in asset management and 
wealth management. Is it primarily a one-off kind of an expense? Or is it going to be like every 
year, like such level of expenses need to be incurred for wealth management business, but the 
revenue will come like a bit later, as you mentioned, like in 2 or 3 years for the business to break 
even? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
No. See, we have invested in different verticals in different, different kind of time zones. So if 
you look at loan distribution and all that, they have already become active and they are selling 
their product. So this 1.8% is like what we have like been spending on other verticals, which we 
have accounted, but still that revenue has not started from that vertical. So -- but if you look at 
distribution of loan, already in this quarter, we are seeing some good numbers. Similarly, we 
will see for distribution of other verticals like insurance and all that also in a few quarters, they 
will kind of like come in. 
Similarly, next year, you will see revenue will come from wealth management and all that. So 
difficult to say what's the percentage, what the decrease would be there. But in terms of -- our 
continuing to invest or put money in this vertical would be there because we want to grow this 
business. We want to see that we become market leaders in whichever area we get into. 
Aravind: 
And just one last thing, if I can squeeze in, sir. Like other market like especially the brokers, like 
are they confident of being able to increase the charges if there is a significant -- I wouldn't say 
significant, there is a considerable like a decline in number of trades or volume per client. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
I don't see any concern for digital players because there are limited digital players who have 
excellent platform, which are kind of working at a scale and all that. If there is a need for anybody 
to change this kind of pricing, I see that we have lots of elasticity in terms of increasing our 
price. Whether it is necessary or not, I think once we see what kind of an impact is there and if 
it is necessary, we'll increase it. 
 
Like for true to label, we thought it is necessary, we increase it. And we don't feel there's going 
to be any impact because of charging for cash delivery. Similarly, if we see that impact is beyond 
what we were anticipating, I'm talking about digital players, I think they have a good kind of 
platform where customer once they use digital platform, they don't mind paying ₹ 5 or ₹ 10 
more. What is important is that they want to see experience and engagement that they are having 
on the platform, that should be superior, and we should be able to maintain that experience. So 
I don't think customers are sensitive on ₹ 5, ₹ 10 per order. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Mehta from Aart Ventures 
Yash Mehta: 
I just wanted to know that what is the kind of revenue target that you are anticipating for FY'25? 

Angel One Limited 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
We don't disclose forward-looking numbers. Sorry for that. But you can extrapolate what kind 
of customer base, rate we are growing. So I don't see any kind of headwind on that side that will 
continue and you can put impact what we have told you and extrapolate for 3-4 quarter and you 
will get the number. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sukant Garg from Equible Research. 
Sukant Garg: 
First of all, congratulations on the numbers that have been published. Secondly, my question is 
regarding the AMC license. What is the status update on that? Last quarter when we have a call, 
you told us that it's in progress and we will see it in the next 2, 3 months as well. So by when we 
can expect that? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Sure. Hemen, if you can take this? 
Hemen Bhatia: 
Yes, sure. So again, in terms of the license, I can say we are in the final stages of getting the 
AMC license. And it could be any day, any time now that we hear it from the regulator. And 
that's what we maintain now also. 
Sukant Garg: 
And any targeted revenue from that we are planning around. 
Hemen Bhatia: 
So I think it will be too early to talk about the revenue metrics given that we have yet to get the 
license. And then the idea is getting the license and being on ground at the earliest, that is going 
to be our immediate next step. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rucheeta Kadge from Iwealth. 
Rucheeta Kadge: 
So my question was on the employee cost. So how do we see this panning ahead in the following 
quarter? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
We have taken most of the cost that way. And if we look at like we are talking about next quarter, 
there can be some impact on all that. I see there is an enough capacity, there is no need for us to 
really increase until the time we see some good opportunity somewhere, and we want to bring 
in that vertical. Otherwise, steady state business as usual, what we are doing, I think we have 
sufficiently kind of like spend on employee cost. 
 
There's no need to increase. Only we will see now optimization of kind of this cost because after 
reaching certain age in any digital business, there's optimization. But once we start spending on 
other vertical, doing kind of like in a growth industry, there can be an opportunity where we 
would like to spend. But if you take businesses that we are doing, I think over there, we have 
enough kind of spend on people needed for this vertical. 
Rucheeta Kadge: 
Okay, sir. And sir, just one more question. The 13% to 14% impact that we've said, so it's 
basically on the per order that a client places, right? Like if he was placing 5 orders per month, 
so that we are saying that, that can reduce by 14%, right? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
So again, as I said that, okay, this 13% to 14% impact is immediate. But if I take like activity of 
a customer on this platform for year 2, 3, I don't see there will be any impact on lifetime value. 
So if you take it this way that if I take an activity of a customer for a quarter or 2 because there 

Angel One Limited 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
are less opportunities, they may trade lesser by 14% to 15%, if I take revenue from customer for 
quarter or 2. But if I take a block of 1 year or 2 years, revenue from the same customer and what 
we got previous this circular would be almost same. 
Rucheeta Kadge: 
Got it, sir. And sir, just one last question on the interest cost. So our interest cost has gotten 
elevated a little bit. So how do we see this for the whole year and the next year maybe? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Vineet, if you can take this? 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Sure. So interest cost is an offset of the MTF, the client funding book that we have. As the client 
funding book grows, part of that will be funded through borrowings and the interest cost will go 
up. So it's linked to our borrowings for the client funding book. 
Moderator: 
Due to time constraint, we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Dinesh Thakkar for closing comments. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Thank you for joining us on this call today. I hope we have answered your queries satisfactorily. 
Should you require any assistance, please feel free to contact Hitul Gutka, Head of Investor 
Relations; or SGA, our Investor Relations Advisor. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Angel One Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
