 
 
PL/SEC/TGT/2024-2025/098 
 
 
 
 
Friday, 8th November, 2024 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: PRICOLLTD 
Scrip Code: 540293 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Con-call Transcript 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we herewith submit the Transcript for the Con-call held on                
7th November 2024 pertaining to Company’s unaudited financial results for the quarter 
ended 30th September 2024. 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully, 
For Pricol Limited 
 
 
 
T.G.Thamizhanban 
Company Secretary 
ICSI M.No: F7897 
 
Encl. As above 
 
 
>X< pr1cal 
PR/COL LIMITED 
Passion to Excel 
109, Race Course, 
Coimbatore-641 018, India 
\. +91 422 433 6000 
~ connect@pricol.com 
_ 
pricol.com 
CIN L34200TZ2011PLC022194 
;.. CUSTOMERS ;._ EMPLOYEES ;._ SHAREHOLDERS ;._ SUPPLIERS 
~ 
~ 
008 
THANGAVEL 
GAJALAKSHMI 
THAMIZHANBAN
Digitally signed by 
THANGAVEL GAJALAKSHMI 
THAMIZHANBAN 
Date: 2024.11.08 18:49:06 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 9 
PRICOL Limited  
PRICOL Limited Q2 and H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
November 07, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY 2025 Conference Call of 
PRICOL Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to hand the 
conference over to Mrs. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. 
 Thank you, and over to you. 
Purvangi Jain: 
Good evening everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi Jain from 
Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of PRICOL Limited. 
On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company's 
Earnings Call for the second Quarter and Financial Year 2025. Before we begin, let me mention 
a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in today's concall may be forward-
looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, 
which could cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based 
on management's beliefs as well as assumptions made by and information currently available 
to the management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these 
forward-looking statements. in making any investment decisions. 
The purpose of today's Earnings Call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the 
company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review. 
Let me now introduce you to the management participating with us in today's earnings call, 
and hand it over to them for opening remarks. We have with us Mr. Vikram Mohan – Managing 
Director; Mr. P.M. Ganesh, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director; Mr. Siddharth 
Manoharan – Director of Strategy; and Mr. Priyadarsi Bastia – Chief Financial Officer. 
Without any delay, I request Mr. Vikram Mohan to start with his opening remarks, followed by 
financial and operational highlights of the company. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 

 
Page 2 of 9 
Vikram Mohan: 
Good evening to all participating in this call today to go over the H1 Financial Performance of 
our Company. We thank you for your presence. The presentation has already been uploaded 
and I hope all of you have had a chance to look at the presentation. In terms of questions at 
the end of the presentation, to give everyone a fair hearing and a chance to ask questions, we 
ask you to restrict yourself to one question at a time and rejoin the question queue, please. 
I am pleased to announce that we have had higher than market growth for the Quarter 2 of 
Financial Year 2025, quarter ending 30th September. Our revenue from operations stands at 
6,500 million with an EBITDA of 871 million resulting in an EBITDA margin of 13.4% with a PAT 
of about 450 million and a PAT margin of 6.93% resulting in a basic EPS of 3.70 Rupees per 
equity share. This is on a consolidated basis. 
For the half year ending 30th September, for Q1 and Q2 put together, we have had sales of 
close to 12,530 million, EBITDA of 1,677 million, an EBITDA margin of 13.39%, profit after tax 
of 906 million, profit after tax margin of 7.23% and a basic EPS earning per share of equity share 
of 7.44 Rupees. I am also happy to inform you that at a consolidated level, our long-term 
borrowings are nil and we have comfortable cash reserves in the company as of 30th 
September. Our revenue from operations on a quarter-to-quarter basis between FY24 and 
FY25, we have grown at around 15.54% in spite of having muted sales in the automotive 
industry in Q2. 
Our EBITDA has grown by 24.7% for the same period and for the half yearly results, we have 
grown pretty similarly at 15.51% and EBITDA has grown at 23%. All the other details of the 
financial performance are loaded on the website. We will go straight away to the question-
and-answer session. 
Once again, I remind everyone to ask one question and rejoin the question queue as there are 
many people who have already posted questions. Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will take a first question from the line 
of Omkar Chitnis from Trade Brains Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Omkar Chitnis: 
 My first question is with the increase in India's defense budget and growing demand for 
defense equipment, how does companies plan to capitalize on opportunities in defense 
equipment region? Are there any specific planned initiatives to benefit from focus on domestic 
defense production? 
Vikram Mohan  
Mr. Chitnis, while the company currently has no business in the defense segment. As a 
management, we are exploring some inorganic opportunities to enter into the railway and 
defense segment in India which will give us higher margins and impetus for growth. It is very 
early stages right now, but rest assured we are evaluating opportunities and hopefully in the 
coming quarters we may have some good news for the company. 

 
Page 3 of 9 
Thank you, Mr. Chitnis. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of M. N. Kumar, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
M. N. Kumar: 
Sir, it looks like the working capital, trade receivables have gone higher this year, this 6 months. 
Can you explain the reason, what is happening there? 
Priyadarsi Bastia: 
Good evening. See, the receivables have gone up marginally because the sales have gone up, 
15% growth in sales is there and last quarter when you compare it with March, the amount of 
factoring which we have used is higher than compared to September. So, receivable is looking 
higher. 
M. N. Kumar: 
So, that 46 to 55 days, 46 is a little lower and remain. 
Priyadarsi Bastia: 
Yeah, number of days is maintained. 
 M. N. Kumar: 
March end it was 46 and September it appears to be 55 days. 
Vikram Mohan:  
Yes, sir, like Mr. Bastia explained, A, we had higher factoring in March. We have reduced our 
factoring because of our financial position, good financial position. So, obviously the receivable 
shows marginally higher and please also see that the sales has increased by 15%. So, this 
represents the same. So, the number of days of receivables is well under control. 
M. N. Kumar: 
Okay. Typically, what is the receivable days? Is it 55 or 50 days, which is it approximately? 
Priyadarsi Bastia: 
We operate with all domestic customers 30 to 45 days, which extends up to 60 days in terms 
of exports. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Khush Nahar from Electrum PMS. Please go ahead.  
Khush Nahar: 
 Sir, I just want to update on the new products, which are the which are the E-cockpit, 
Telematics and BMS. So, at what stages they are in and if, you know, from when they can start 
contributing some revenue? 
Vikram Mohan:  
Revenue is at least 18 to 24 months away. The product has been completely got ready and has 
also been submitted to customers for testing. 
Khush Nahar: 
So, they are included, and we are on track with the target of 3200 crores of revenue in FY26 as 
a guidance.  Are we on track on achieving 3200 crores of revenue as guided before in FY26? 
Vikram Mohan  
We are pretty much on track to meet our numbers as a combination of organic and inorganic, 
we are very much on track to meet our numbers. 

 
Page 4 of 9 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Vijay Pandey from Nuvama. Please 
go ahead. 
Vijay Pandey: 
So, I wanted to check if you can give some light on the margin profile of the business, like 
between the products. So, my thinking was that the BMS margin profile will be somewhat 
margin diluted. I might be wrong here, but I just wanted to check if you can. 
Vikram Mohan:  
Margins for which would be diluted? Sorry, you were not very clear. 
Vijay Pandey: 
The battery management, BMS and brakes. 
Vikram Mohan:  
Okay.  Battery management system, we have still not made a commercial foray. It is still under 
testing with the customers, so we have not made a foray. So, whatever numbers represented 
here do not represent any BMS revenue whatsoever. 
Vijay Pandey: 
Okay and anything about the disc brakes? 
Vikram Mohan:  
 Disc brakes has already started commercial production and we have started supplies to about 
6 manufacturers and next financial year will be the ramp up phase when volumes will reach 
some degree of maturity. 
Vijay Pandey: 
Okay. Next financial year, FY26. 
Vikram Mohan:  
Yes, that is right because we have just gone into production. Yes. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Maan Asher from Growth Sphere 
Ventures. Please go ahead.  
Maan Asher :  
So, I just wanted to confirm about the industry. So, there were figures that the inventory pile-
up has begun at the dealership network and the inventory were 80-85 days last month. This 
month was pretty good for 2-wheeler due to festivities. How do you see the demand for 2-
wheeler shaping up, say, from a year now? 
Vikram Mohan:  
Demand is very muted in the industry. My industry peers also tell me that their performance is 
also very muted. And as usual, the Q3 Quarter, which traditionally is the lowest quarter in the 
automotive industry, will remain very muted, but a little more muted than normal. In terms of 
exports, because of the Elections in the US, and the policies of the Republican government that 
have come in, exports have been extremely muted for us, much-much lower than demand that 
was initially projected by our customers. We are hoping in the next quarter or two, exports 
demand will go back to normal level which will also help us in terms of top line and bottom 
line, but domestic demand will continue to remain muted, and Q3 is expected to be a very 
weak quarter for the industry. 

 
Page 5 of 9 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Madhav Agarwal from SG 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Madhav Agarwal: 
 Hi. My question was already answered. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of M. N. Kumar, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
M. N. Kumar: 
 Sir, this is related to the balance sheet. When we look at ROE and ROCE related aspects, one 
line item that comes through is intangible assets of almost 54 crores. It looks like everything is 
related to software. Is there any way in which we can expense them out rather than capitalize 
it, and then after that write off as the product matures or otherwise? 
Priyadarsi Bastia:  
See, this intangible asset was capitalized in the year ‘17-18, and IndAS does not allow us to 
charge it off to P&L. So it will be there in the balance sheet. 
M. N. Kumar: 
Okay. So, similarly, this deferred tax liability would also be staying like that only, because they 
seem to be permanent in nature. No, no. 
Priyadarsi Bastia:  
Deferred tax liability is like it is only recognition of the tax which you are coming. It is just a 
timing difference. So the treatment of that in IndAS is different, and for the intangible assets it 
is different. 
M. N. Kumar: 
When I looked at the annual report, it talks about permanent and temporary. If it is a timing 
difference, it should be temporary, right? But a substantial part of it seems to be permanent. 
Priyadarsi Bastia:  
Exactly. So permanent difference is coming. Only timing difference means you are creating a 
deferred tax liability, which when the time arrives, the original tax liability comes, you reverse 
that deferred tax liability, and the actual provision you make in your books. 
M. N. Kumar: 
Sir, what I mean to say is that the magnitude of the ones which are permanent in nature seems 
to be much higher than the temporary. Therefore, I was asking this question. 
Priyadarsi Bastia:  
No, no. I understand that. In our case, it is this way only. 
M. N. Kumar: 
Oh, it's only timing difference only. Okay. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jaimin Desai from Emkay  Global. Please go ahead. 
Jaimin Desai: 
So my question was related to the margin performance in the Quarter. It seems that there has 
been some softening at the gross margin level when I compare Q2 versus Q1 for consolidated 
operations. Can you call out a reason for this? Was it due to some commodity impact or maybe 
mix impact? 

 
Page 6 of 9 
Vikram Mohan  
Mr. Desai, this was just based on product mix. This marginal difference in margins, which you 
will keep seeing from quarter to quarter, plus from the 1st of July, there has been a wage 
increase for our permanent workers and also for the staff, which has seen some impact of the 
margins, which will come back to normal with the productivity increase. This is an annual 
phenomenon that we see. 
Jaimin Desai:  
Understood, sir. And if you could also provide an outlook on margins going forward? 
Vikram Mohan:  
It will be pretty similar to where we are. I have always maintained in many quarters that our 
13 to 13.5% EBITDA is what we intend to maintain and what looks reasonable for our set of 
products. Margins will be a little better when exports resume. Exports, this was probably the 
weakest quarter in many quarters, so when exports resume or comes back, margins will go up 
about 50 basis points. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Sahil Sanghvi from Monarch 
Networth Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sahil Sanghvi:   
Thank you for the opportunity, sir, and congratulations for beating the industry. Just one 
follow-up question from the previous participant. In terms of product mix, can you give some 
more details as to how the adverse product mix affected the margins? And the second question 
would be on CAPEX . I think we have deployed something like 100 crores in the first half. So, in 
the full year, what will we deploy next year, what will be the numbers? 
Vikram Mohan:  
In terms of margin mix, it is very, very difficult to explain because when a mechanical cluster 
suddenly demand goes up by a couple of 10,000 units, the margin gets muted because the 
margins in a mechanical cluster is low. In an electronic cluster, the margin is much higher, the 
rupee profit. So, it is very difficult because we are a diverse product company even in the driver 
information system. Our export margins are higher, significantly higher than domestic margins. 
So, when exports become muted, the margins go for a toss, anywhere between about 50 to 80 
basis points. Coming to the CAPEX, I have always maintained that we are looking at around 600 
crores of CAPEX over 3 years. And we are on track on the 600 crores of CAPEX and we are 
continuing to maintain the same outlook. And this year would again be about 200 crores. 
Correct me if I am wrong. I am requesting my CFO to correct my statement and next year will 
be about 150 to 180 crores. 
Sahil Sanghvi:   
Where also will this be deployed? If you can give some more details? 
Vikram Mohan:  
I suggest that you can get in touch with our CFO who can throw light on this. I can give it to 
you, but many a time I have repeated in many of our calls. Because we are creating a new plant 
in Pune. We are expanding our plant in Manesar. We are buying land to create 2 new plants 
for the future. We are upgrading our lines to the tune of about 150 crores. We are investing in 
a new plastic component molding shop. We are upgrading our tool room. We are buying 14 

 
Page 7 of 9 
new PCB lines to make PCBs. So it is a whole host of things. So if I just bring out the whole list, 
it will not make sense on a call. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Chandragupta, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Chandragupta: 
You mentioned about inorganic opportunities in railway and defense equipment sector and in 
the past also you have mentioned about an acquisition. So just wanted to know roughly what 
size this acquisition will be in a ballpark figure that you have in mind and how it will be funded. 
Vikram Mohan:  
It will be a 2-digit figure. We are a debt-free company. We have cash reserves. But depending 
on the size of the acquisition, we are not only looking at this. We are looking at other inorganic 
play also, safe inorganic play in allied areas and as I have maintained in my earlier calls, up to 
about 300 crores of debt, we are looking at probably raising based on the kind of acquisition. 
Chandragupta: 
Okay, 300 is the maximum that you will raise? 
Vikram Mohan:  
Yes. We are anticipating it. You know, when we are evaluating opportunities, we are looking at 
about 4 or 5 different opportunities and 1 or 2 of them are moving very fast. So it could be 
somewhere around 300 crores that we are looking at debt for an acquisition. Not necessarily 
in the defense or railway space, but in the auto space. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Sahil Sanghvi from Monarch 
Networth Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sahil Sanghvi:   
Just wanted to understand the proportion of exports in our revenue this quarter versus same 
quarter last year, sir. 
Vikram Mohan:  
Same quarter last year was about 9% and this year is about 6.5%. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Madhav Agarwal from SG 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Madhav Agarwal: 
 Just wanted to understand how do we see the EV market playing out for us? How big of an 
opportunity do we see there? 
Vikram Mohan:  
We really don't... We are not affected by EV, number one, because we are... Our products are 
agnostic to propulsion, as I have maintained in many earlier calls and we are working with 
almost 20 EV players for our products. But the EV adoption I have always maintained is going 
to be slow and other people have been saying it is going to be very fast and I think, I am not a 
prophet, but my prophecy of very slow adoption is what is happening today and it is going to 
take until 2030 to reach certain maturity and size before it's, probably 50% of the market and 

 
Page 8 of 9 
we are propulsion agnostic, so whether it's an ICE vehicle or an EV vehicle, it is of no 
consequence to us. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Vignesh from Ksema  Wealth. Please 
go ahead.  
Vignesh: 
 Sir, just want to understand the opportunity size for our BMS products. 
Vikram Mohan:  
I would not like to comment on it, because it is so fragmented, the market. Everyone is jumping 
into it. Vehicle makers are not very clear what they intend to do with it. So BMS is something 
that even I am not very, very bullish about, and all our projections are taken into account 
without a significant amount of BMS revenue. 
Vignesh: 
Okay, sir. Any other products apart from disc brakes we are planning to enter into, sir? 
Vikram Mohan:  
So the smart cockpits and the connected vehicle solutions, which already we are starting to see 
traction and growth. This in itself is a very large opportunity is what I am talking about.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Smit Shah from Monarch Networth 
Capital Limited. Please go ahead. 
Smit Shah:  
Sir, my question is regarding the split of mechanical, digital, and TFT for the quarter and some 
bit of color on the premiumization trend. How much has it played out according to you, and 
what is the outlook ahead? 
Vikram Mohan:  
For the quarter, it is very difficult because it keeps changing the product mix, but 
approximately, are you asking by volume or value, Mr. Shah? 
Smit Shah:  
Value, sir. 
Vikram Mohan  
By value, mechanical would be about 30%, and TFT would be about 30%, and the rest would 
be somewhere in between. Okay. 
Smit Shah:  
Sir, what is your outlook in terms of the new launches that are happening? 
Vikram Mohan:  
Mechanical is going to stop, slowly fade out, moving into LCDs, and whatever is LCD will move 
towards TFT. That's the way the market is growing and I mentioned in earlier calls that we saw 
our average product value move from Rs. 300 10-12 years ago to Rs. 1200, and we see it 
jumping to about Rs. 2500 in next 2 to 3 years for a two-wheeler. 
Smit Shah:  
Okay. Sir and what was our contribution from the PV clusters this time?  
Vikram Mohan : 
It is about 9% to 10%. 

 
Page 9 of 9 
Moderator:  
Thank you.  That was the last question for today. 
Vikram Mohan:  
Thank you very much. Since there are no more questions, I would like to take this opportunity 
for your active participation in today's call. As is the practice in our company, the managing 
director participates in H1 and H2 calls, and the CEO handles Q3 and Q1 calls. So I look forward 
to connecting with all of you at the end of the financial year. Thank you very much. Have a good 
evening. Jai Hind. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir.  On behalf of Pricol Limited, that concludes this conference call. We thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
