 
 
XELPMOC DESIGN AND TECH LIMITED  
Registered Office: No.57, 13th Cross, Novel Business Park, Hosur Road, Anepalya, Adugodi, Bengaluru - 560030  
Corporate Office: 8th Floor, Raheja Mindspace, Building No. 4, Hyderabad-500081 
CIN NO: L72200KA2015PLC082873 | Website: www.xelpmoc.in | Email: hello@xelpmoc.in | Mob. No: (+91) 6364316889 
Bengaluru | Hyderabad | Mumbai 
November 19, 2024 
 
To                                                                                                                                   
BSE Limited 
 
Department of Corporate Services 
Listing Department 
P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001 
Scrip Code: 542367 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400051 
Scrip Symbol: XELPMOC 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Call on Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for 
the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024   
 
In continuation to our letter dated November 11, 2024 and November 15, 2024 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the Transcript  of the Earnings Call 
held on Thursday, November 14, 2024, at 05:00 p.m. for discussing operational and financial 
performance in quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024 and the same is available on the 
Company's website at https://www.xelpmoc.in/earningscalltranscript. 
 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
 
 
 
Vaishali Kondbhar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
VAISHALI 
LAXMAN 
KONDBHAR
Digitally signed by 
VAISHALI LAXMAN 
KONDBHAR 
Date: 2024.11.19 
12:49:35 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 9 
 
  
“Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 14, 2024 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SANDIPAN CHATTOPADHYAY – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
XELPMOC DESIGN AND TECH LIMITED  
MR. SRINIVAS KOORA – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
XELPMOC DESIGN AND TECH LIMITED 
MR. JAISON JOSE – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
XELPMOC DESIGN AND TECH LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAVI UDESHI – ERNST & YOUNG  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
November 14, 2024 
Page 2 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited Q2 and 
H1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ravi Udeshi from E&Y. Thank you. And over to you, 
sir. 
Ravi Udeshi: 
Thank you, Seema. Good evening to all of you, and welcome you to the Q2 and H1 FY '25 
earnings conference call of Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited. We have sent you the press 
release and the investor presentation and the same has also been uploaded on the Xelpmoc 
website as well as on the stock exchange. In case anyone does not have a copy of the same, 
please do write to us. 
To discuss the results and the outlook for the future going forward, we have with us today the 
top management of Xelpmoc represented by Mr. Sandipan Chattopadhyay, Managing Director 
and CEO; Mr. Srinivas Koora, Whole-time Director and CFO; and Mr. Jaison Jose, Whole-time 
Director. 
Before we start the call, I would just like to remind you that the Safe Harbor clause applies. With 
that said, I now hand over the call to Mr. Srinivas Koora. Over to you, sir. 
Srinivas Koora: 
Thank you, Ravi. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to Xelpmoc's earnings call for Q2 and 
H1 FY '25. I hope you and your family are doing well. We continue to see challenges in the 
startup arena due to the slowdown in funding with the emerging technology sector. Hence, as 
stated in our previous call, we are continuing to focus on the corporate segment. I will go into 
the details of the strategy shift in the later part of my speech. 
Our operating revenue for the quarter, it was recorded INR16.3 million for Q2 FY '25 as 
compared to INR21.1 million in Q2 FY '24 and INR7.3 million in Q1 FY '25. The revenue 
decrease on the year-on-year basis on account of the transition from the startup segment to the 
corporate segment and also on account of discontinuation of government business. We are seeing 
interest from corporates for our services. Hence, the revenue has increased on a quarter-on-
quarter basis compared to Q1 FY '25. 
However, the conversion is expected to take some time. Hence, we expect our revenues to 
gradually start getting traction over the next few quarters. Operating EBITDA adjusted for the 
quarter was negative INR10.2 million as compared to negative INR36.6 million in Q2 FY '24 
and negative INR28 million for Q1 FY '25. I would like to give some context to the EBITDA 
loss in Q2 FY '25. 
Though our operating expenses have reduced, however, the decrease in revenue was due to the 
said losses. We expect our operating cost to be stable from hereon. Net loss for the quarter was 
INR11.2 million, partially due to INR0.1 million of ESOP expenditure and exceptional items. 
The exceptional item is due to recognition of impairment of Xelpmoc Design and Tech UK 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
November 14, 2024 
Page 3 of 9 
 
Limited, only owned subsidiary after a comprehensive implement assessment of the 
investments. 
This in comparison to a net loss of about INR45.3 million in Q2 FY '24 and net loss of INR39.3 
million in Q1 FY '25. Regarding the change in revenue, we would like to state that our revenue 
was diversified within startups and corporates forming 9% and 90%, respectively for Q2 FY '25 
revenues. We expect focus on corporate segment going forward, more focus on data science will 
enable us to sustain the increase in revenue. Our team size is about 49 including employees, 
interns, consultants as compared to 63 in Q1 FY '25. 
Till date, we have serve 63 clients and our sustained interaction is applying to the funding -- 
foundation for the performance. The fair value of our investment in portfolio companies stood 
approximately INR572.8 million as of 30th September 2024, as compared to INR533.9 million 
on 30th September 2023. There has been overall slowdown in fundraising activity in the new 
technology segment. Some of our portfolio companies were in fund-raising stage for their 
growth plans. The slowdown affected them, using them to curtail on their plans. 
And now we are operating at a significant revenue scale or exploring other options, including 
strategic M&A. I will discuss some of this in detail now. Mihup, is a convergent AI platform 
providing the real assistance and analytics on customer agent interaction through accelerated 
revenue CX and business performance. Mihup has a phenomenon based voice-to-text engine for 
industry-leading accuracy. Its prebuilt AI model finds its usage in multiple industries exited 
architecture enables secure and real-time data processing. 
Mihup's AVA is a smart customized virtual assistant benefited by AI with multilingual support. 
It is a default voice assistant for all Tata vehicles and has rolled out in 10 lakh vehicles till date. 
Current rollout is around 40,000 vehicles per month. Mihup’s annual recurring revenue is 
approximately INR29 crores. It has raised INR50 crores from Ashish Kacholia and the family 
office of Madhusudan Kela. It is planning to enter new markets and scale up its product offering. 
Coming to our next startup Woovly. Woovly now has 2 business verticals, video conferencing 
marketplace for lifestyle products and interactive shoppable videos and live streaming solution, 
which is again a SaaS base. 
Its live2shop.tv made its global debut, launched by Samsung at IFA Berlin, the world's second 
largest consumer event. This breakthrough product which enables consumers to shop directly 
from their TV screens while watching content. We've now set to roll out in 153 million plus 
houses globally. It has recently added several high-profile clients to its portfolio, including 
L'Oréal, Henkel and Decathlon strengthening its industry credibility and experience reach. Its 
current ARR is USD1.3 million. It is looking to do a fund raise of around close to USD4 million. 
Snaphunt is a remote talent marketplace that matches employers with the best talent across 
geographies. Its platform currently has more than 6.6 million job seekers. An increase of 10% 
year-on-year in Q2 FY '25. It had 1,900 active employers in Q2 FY '25. 
Pencil. Pencil app provides a platform for book writing and reading. It also provides a mobile 
application for reading books. Till date there have been more than 47,000 sign-ups on the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
November 14, 2024 
Page 4 of 9 
 
platform, 1,400-plus authors have published, 2,400-plus titles as on date. It has recorded steady 
publishing volume at around 4 to 6 books a day. 
It has started intellectual -- property monetization is 25,000 units sold in H1 FY '25. It has signed 
up 15 new book distributors to widen the distribution. It is targeting AI-generated audio books 
by FY '25 end. It has been granted U.S. patent approval of providing updatable content based on 
reader feedback and also for providing data relating to how books are being read and content is 
being consumed. Global audio book distribution as a service is being set up and integrated on 
Pencil. 
It is working with Amazon India to create set of products for India and export market. It will 
start bulk exports to North America, including U.S., Mexico and Canada with this product for 
this market from December 2024 onwards. It is targeting for a INR50 lakhs per month revenue 
by FY '25 end. It is looking to do a fund raise of around USD2 million. 
Our next startup, The Star In Me, which we also call it TSIM. It is a learning as a service platform 
to drive organizational excellence, TSIM provides Fortune 500 companies learning as a service 
platform to drive organizational excellence for both genders. Its key focus area is cohort-based 
leadership learning solution in process of building a product suite to help accelerate sales and 
effectiveness of the learning experience. 
It has conducted 500-plus sessions till date for training more than 30,000 professionals. It has 
onboarded new clients like Zinnov for Indian market and Codesignal in the U.S. market. It is 
projected to have revenue of INR3.5 crores for FY '25, of which 60% has already been achieved. 
The Star In Me received the silver award as a learning provider of the year at Economic Times, 
ETHRWorld #Future Skills Awards 2024. It is exploring international business and non-tech 
sector for faster ramp-up and greater scale.  
KidsStopPress is a discovery platform for parents through every milestone in their parenting 
journey from conception to age 16 years of the child. Xelpmoc has helped build for the KSP 
machine learning platform to understand over 100 data points to all the users. KSP's target 
segment is first-time parents age group of 25 to 34 age bracket. This segment forms 75% of its 
website traffic. KSP has a very strong digital presence with 20 million YouTube followers and 
1 lakh 75,000 on Instagram. 
It is the only platform with 360 social media presence, the company monetizes its content with 
brand partnership and revenue subscriptions. The monetization has improved with higher long-
term brand partnerships and covering great national footprint, including tight procedures. It has 
posted a revenue of about INR107 lakhs in H1 FY '25. 
As you all know, that Xelpmoc enters into startups mostly at an incorporation stage or pre-seed 
funding stage or at a pre-revenue stage. Majority of our startups have just started revenue 
generation and are still burning cash. Few of our startups, like Mihup and Woovly and Pencil 
are doing well. The rest of them are yet to close their next round of funds. Hence they are focused 
on revenue increase and are conservative in terms of their cost structure. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
November 14, 2024 
Page 5 of 9 
 
As of now, the startup ecosystem is still seeing significant pain, and we are looking at scaling 
up Xelpmoc's own products and services. We are focusing more on revenue generation on 
corporate, focusing on data science, artificial intelligence and machine learning trying to build 
our own in-house products. We are not looking at onboarding startup at this point unless and 
until we come across some very good startup where we feel that we need to onboard them. 
We are working towards becoming EBITDA profitable at the earliest. It will take some quarters 
for said profitability to materialize, looking at the market conditions, both on the startup side 
and also on the other side. The Board had approved cancellation of proposal of incorporation of 
a subsidiary company in Mumbai Maharashtra, which was proposed to be involved in the age-
tech industry. 
The reason being the business which has been supposed to be carried on with the said proposed 
subsidiary as separate entity will now be carried out by the company in-house. With this, now I 
request to open the floor for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. We’ll take the 
first question from the line of Abhishek Agrawal from Gemsquest. 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Sir, we've been investors in Xelpmoc since past 4 years now since 2020. And we've seen a lot 
of things happening at Xelpmoc, a lot of things have closed down now. So all I'm trying to 
understand is from you Sandipan, sir, what is our strategy as of now? And what is the landscape 
that we are viewing, especially with respect to our own products and services that we're trying 
to develop in past 2 years, 3 years. It's very, very effectively now. So where have we reached -- 
what is the horizon that we see with respect to our products and services? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: Right. So there's a good part and a bad part. As Srini just said, we have turned our focus away 
from the startups and gone for the corporate sector, which effectively answers your question that 
a lot of things shutting down is not so probable anymore. It's because we were in startups and 
startup have a natural mortality rate, we were living with it. 
 
That said, I think the kind of successes Srini has spoke about in terms of percentages of what we 
attempted and what are still ongoing and what level of success happened, I think we are pretty 
much ahead of the market in that case, right? The other things have not worked out in terms of 
some of those things and that was the risk we knowingly took to change the culture. 
 
So that's what I think gets answered about our approach to startups and the kind of burn we have 
done and what sort of a thing we have done. And because of situation is not working on because 
of other things, we have taken this path of not going there. So that risk is mitigated. 
 
About our own products and all, the green shoots that you are seeing in terms of revenue increase 
and all, thankfully quite a significant part of it now is coming from getting into license costs or 
things like that. It's just a new thing, but it is significantly increased in terms of percentage of 
revenue coming in on a growing base from that part. So I do think we are very optimistic. 
 
Third aspect here is when we make startup products, we also clarify that these are more for SDKs 
targeted towards more the development community, and they include that and our product goes 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
November 14, 2024 
Page 6 of 9 
 
to market. Instead of that, in the last 6, 7 months, I think we have taken a call because we are 
not going for the start-up and focus in corporates to make it productized for direct delivery to 
customers and not wait for the developer community to improve. 
 
That is obviously showing some good traction now. We are in the POC stage with several. And 
I guess, Srini mentioned the confidence with which we are looking for the next few quarters, 
where we will increase that footage and get more imprints on to that one. So that is where we 
stand as of today. 
 
Going forward, we are focusing on our own products. I don't know if you have noted or it was 
noted down. The age tech thing that we were talking of, that, obviously, we have stopped making 
it as an independent subsidiary. We have taken that inside Xelpmoc and that entire line or that 
entire approach would now be part of the Xelpmoc resource and kind of the capital in terms of 
assets and intellectual capital that has been done. So that's the stance we have taken. So more 
green shoots will come from that. Does that answer your question? 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Yes. Sure. Just a follow-up on that. Sir, anything concrete with respect to what kind of scope of 
workout in terms of revenues, where are we looking at, say, 6 months, 12 months down the line 
and with respect to our production services? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: No, no. We have not come to that level of regularity yet, okay? So we have to watch for a few 
quarters. That's the reason we said that, that is something we're looking at 2, 3 quarters down. 
Yes, we have got interest. We have been able to -- as you can see, we have increased from 
previous 2, 3 quarters the revenue significantly. But it has not come to a steady state. 
 
The things we set out to do is explore whether from our current customer base, we are able to 
get more projects or expand the scope of some of the work. Those have all happened with that 
part. But engaging with new customers, making that into a predictable practice, I don't think we 
have reached that assuredness yet. 
 
So till that is reached, we would not venture into trying to give you a number, which we know 
now still believe in. All we are trying to say is we are trying to maximize what we can do. And 
until the rhythm of predictability is there, they would not venture and give you strict numbers 
on. Right now, we'd like to give a trend and what we are trying to do. 
 
What we can share with you concretely and you also probably would be aware if you are 
following our stages, the success story of our startups. And since they are just, like Srini 
mentioned, started surfacing in the public space, you can see the kind of potential growth 
increase that has happened in the last 6 months on various accounts. So that, I think, is a real 
stake for this part of things. The stability of the revenue on all will take some time to form. 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Sure, sir. Appreciate that. And one last question that I would like to understand from you is, sir, 
any kind of opportunity that we were not looking at, say, a few quarters before and then we have 
recently come across or anything else that we are working on that is new to us or that excites us 
going forward? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
November 14, 2024 
Page 7 of 9 
 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: So we have aggregated a lot of things or looking at market demand. So before we had a kind of 
a set of modules that we had independently done. Now we are able to weave them together to 
solutions with which we are going to specific domain. So that has changed. 
 
On the flip side, there are some, say 2, 3 years back -- what, etcetera, what certain startups were 
approached and say, do you want to do business with us? We have sort of let go of that 
adventurism. Sometimes we regret that. But survival and stability and significant plan is 
important. 
 
So yes, we have let go of some opportunities from that startup space, and we have sort of built 
on the opportunities we saw in the visage and assemble things, and now we feel more confident 
that there's a market pull for that particular thing. 
 
Sometimes the technology may be all there, but the packaging, the way we are marketing, the 
way we are selling the solution, that can make all the difference to our sale. I think that 
translation, we have been able to do successfully. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Jinesh, an individual investor. 
Jinesh: 
Sir, I have first question, is regarding the Woovly social commerce business. Any update on 
that? Like recently, we are seeing on their SaaS model, but any update on their social commerce 
business? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: So that is going on as usual. Typically, we don't speak on behalf of our startups except for what 
they give a brief of. I think if ever they have given us a brief of and whatever is in the public 
domain is what we can retransmit to you, but not go and venture to give something beyond what 
they have told us, right? 
 
That said, it is public knowledge. So I'm saying I think Woovly itself is going on a regular track. 
But this new thing has a higher potential and accumulated faster revenue than the other track. 
They are both parallelly going, but the focus of the management is on the new because the 
accumulation of revenue seems to be happening at a faster pace on this front. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Abhishek Agarwal from GEMSQUEST. 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
One question was regarding the Soul that we were bullish on and the services that we were 
providing. Where are we in terms of -- in terms of that? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: Sorry, can you repeat the question? It's a bit garbled a bit in between. I couldn't get the exact 
question. 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
One thing that a few quarters that we were bullish on is our Soul -- the Soultrax that we are 
working on. So where are we in terms of that? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: Soul and Soultrax are different. Soul was full of accredited learning -- retransmitting and we 
have worked some compensatory thing from that. But as that business, it didn't progress much. 
And we had already informed about that. Soultrax is through our subsidiary Signal and that was 
looking at content production and all. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
November 14, 2024 
Page 8 of 9 
 
 
Revenue realization, and we have stopped new content generation kind of experimentation we 
are doing there. And we are trying to see whatever content we have got or produced till now, 
how we monetize that. Based on that exercise, we will decide the future path of it. But as of now, 
whatever allocated funds for it were there and the utilization is there, that has been stalled. And 
there is no new funding that has been raised into it independently. 
Moderator: 
The next question from the line of Punit, an individual investor. 
Punit: 
I just want to check, have we registered the money that we are supposed to get from Fortigo, 
about INR1.2 crores or something like that? 
Srinivas Koora: 
That's now already recieved in Q1, sometime in the month of May. 
Punit: 
Okay. Got it. And any update on Signal? So when will we start generating revenue from Signal? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: Well, nothing significant to drive from about, so we were not doing it. There is some revenue 
coming in and some paid POC happening as we speak. As it's an academic project, we have to 
work for the academic calendar to restart. And the approach has changed. Instead of going direct 
to consumer, which is parents, we are now going through school-based approach because B2C 
thing did not work out pretty well. 
 
It was too much customer acquisition cost, so we are trying this out. And we'll keep you updated 
once something significant happens. But the product quality and all has been appraised. We have 
to see the market adoptability and how we are able to penetrate the market with it. 
Punit: 
Okay. So this is getting regarding the children's... 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: Sorry? 
Punit: 
Does this have to do -- does this project has to do with the children's fitness program? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: No. That's a different thing. That is just one of the customers. That was not our product. The one 
you saw on LinkedIn probably anywhere, that's a different thing that we are building for a 
company, which has got a large common contract. That's not our product. Signal is about taking 
care of the kid's needs for a need-to-know basis education. 
 
Most education is prescriptive, which is a standard school, right? But if they want to dig deeper 
or their guardians wants to share a particular resource, which is not covered in the syllabus and 
wants to give some sort of a merit tracking reward system, Signal helps with that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. 
Srinivas Koora: 
Thank you very much for joining us. In case if you have any further queries, please do drop us 
an e-mail. We are happy to respond to you on the best of our business. Thank you very much, 
and take care. 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: Thank you, everyone. Bye-bye. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
November 14, 2024 
Page 9 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you on behalf of the management. On behalf of Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 
