 
 
Ref No: PSPPROJECT/76/24-25 
 
 
 
 
November 26, 2024 
 
Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited    
Floor 25, P.J. Towers,   
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip code: 540544                                             
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: PSPPROJECT 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Conference Call  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith a copy of transcript of Conference Call held 
on Wednesday, November 20, 2024 to discuss acquisition of ~30% stake by Adani Infra 
(India) Limited to acquire in PSP Projects Limited. 
 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking You,   
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For PSP Projects Limited 
 
 
 
Kenan Patel 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As Above 
 
 
 
 
PATEL KENAN 
SURESHBHAI
Digitally signed by PATEL 
KENAN SURESHBHAI 
Date: 2024.11.26 17:16:33 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
 
“PSP Projects Limited 
Investor & Analyst Conference Call” 
November 20, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. P. S. PATEL – CHAIRMAN, MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MS. HETAL PATEL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. KRISHNA PATEL – EY 
 

 
 
PSP Projects Limited 
 
 
November 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to PSP Projects Limited Investor and Analyst 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing the star then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note, this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Krishna Patel. Thank you and over to you. 
Krishna Patel: 
Thank you, Steve. Good morning everyone and a warm welcome to discuss on yesterday's 
corporate announcement of the share purchase agreement. Today from the management we have 
with us Mr. Prahaladbhai Patel, CMD & CEO, Ms. Hetal Patel, CFO. Please note that today's 
entire discussion will be covered by the cautionary statement. Anything said on this call which 
reflects the outlook for the future or which could be construed as a forward-looking statement 
must be reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. 
 
I shall now hand over the call to Mr. Prahaladbhai Patel for the initial remark, post which we 
shall open the floor for Q&A. In the interest of all, we humbly request all the investors and 
analysts to ask a maximum of two questions in order to provide a fair chance to all the 
participants in the call today. Thank you and over to you. 
P.S Patel: 
Thank you, Krishna. On behalf of the management and my team, I would like to thank you all 
for joining us today at a short notice. I warmly welcome you all for the conference call to discuss 
the share purchase agreement as we announced to the stock exchange yesterday. 
 
Since yesterday there has been a certain rumour taking round in the market and post the 
declaration, I found it prudent to address all the investors over a conference call and provide 
clarity on the transaction.  
Over the past 15 years, PSP Projects has worked relentlessly, delivered reasonable growth and 
operational success. The firm has been able to make its mark in the sector as a credible contractor 
whose utmost focus is on delivering quality projects adhering to timelines. The company has 
navigated through various business cycles, adapted to changing markets and consistently 
delivered operating and financial performance over the years. We reached a stage of being the 
top 5 listed contractors in India.  
 
With an objective to attain next leap of growth, your company has entered into a share purchase 
agreement with Adani group. This decision has been taken after careful consideration and after 
evaluating the opportunities it presents. As per the arrangement, Adani Infra to acquire up to 
30.07% stake from the founder promoter. Post the open offer for 26%; both the companies will 
maintain equal equity of the company. Adani Infra (India) Limited is the PMC arm of Adani 
Portfolio, which is owned 100% by the Adani Family. Adani Infra will get equal rights and 
representation on the board. The business operations, execution, the management team, etc. at 
PSP Projects will continue to function as before. PSP Projects will continue to focus on public 
as well as private projects across the buildings space.  

 
 
PSP Projects Limited 
 
 
November 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 
 
With this partnership, we foresee larger visibility of our company. Currently we are at an order 
book of INR 6,546 Crore; we expect a multifold increase in the construction order book going 
forward as Adani portfolio of companies are engaged in infrastructure development across ports, 
airports, data centers, realty, etc. Adani Portfolio of Companies is looking to invest USD 100bn 
as capex over the course of next decade.  
 
Please note the transaction remains subject to customary approvals and regulatory approvals 
including completion of an open offer.  
 
To summarize, we strongly believe this partnership will benefit the company and provide long-
term growth opportunity. We are positive on the future of the company. We intend to work with 
complete dedication towards execution of our projects and build more capacity. This strategic 
decision represents a giant leap forward in our pursuit of growth and increased shareholder value.  
With this, I shall propose to handover the call to the moderator to open the floor for question and 
answer. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC 
security. Please go ahead. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Yes, hi Prahaladbhai, congratulations on the deal. So, my first question is if this deal had not 
happened, if it was status quo, so and now it has happened, so how will it change in terms of 
ordering? So, what is the order right now from Adani? 
 
And since you have got into the deal, and given them stakes, so what kind of visibility you have 
over the next two, three years from incremental ordering coming in from the Adani group? And 
will it be only building segment? Are you also looking for some other segments? 
 
Because you mentioned in the press release about $100 billion Capex from the group companies. 
So is it largely going to be a building segment only or you will diversify into some other 
segments? 
P.S Patel: 
See, as far as partnership is concerned, the whole intent is to have a partnership with our firm 
for buildings. Adani group has presence across Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Delhi. So, in all these 
three centres, we have to select, go partially and strengthen ourselves. Second part is the airport, 
that is also part of the building. 
 
Third part is data centre, that is also part of the building. And there are few industrial projects 
which are in Kandla. See, now the companies are focussing more on technology and that's the 
reason that this agreement has been done with PSP. 
 
To be very frank, they trust us in terms of putting up more and more technology in the company. 
The Precast Plant which we have been running last 3 years, that has been the better example for 

 
 
PSP Projects Limited 
 
 
November 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
them to understand how can we be a good partner for future. So they are already installing three 
Precast Plants, one in Mundra, one in Mumbai, and one, we are already having under. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
I can't hear you, sir. My voice is very, so operator, the voice is not clear. There's a lot of 
disturbance coming in. Hello? There's a lot of disturbance. If you can come closer to the mic, 
because there's some hissing sound, some whistling sound is coming continuously on the call. 
So if you can come closer to the mic, it will be helpful. Yes. Please proceed. 
P.S Patel: 
So my point is that they are having plenty of verticals viz airport, building, reality, etc. So as far 
as the order book is concerned, it's a process wherein they are going one project to the other. So 
presently there are Trivendrum airport tenders are open, Ahmedabad airport tender is open. 
 
Then at the Mumbai airport, the development outside the airport, that footpath area is being 
taken, I think we already did it for that. We have already had two meetings related to Dharavi 
development. For this project, they are going in a way that first they will start the construction 
of the major EWS where they can shift the Dharavi people. 
 
So, there are two or three locations which we will start to begin with. I personally feel that it is 
not about the order book which we are going to gain from Adani group, it is more about how we 
ourselves can strengthen ourself to get more and more work orders from the group. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
But anything on the guidance side now, because you have visibility with this deal coming in, do 
you think there is substantial scope for you to increase your guidance on order inflows and 
growth? I mean, qualitatively, over the next 2-3 years, do you think now the company is shifting 
its orbit of growth, given that now this strategic partnership is in place? 
P. S. Patel: 
Parikshit, if you see the figures, these figures are something which we can't even put in numbers. 
This is the thing which we have to do in the next five years. The first and the foremost thing we 
have already said you, we are already bidding for about INR1,000 crores projects, INR1,000 
crores projects at the Ahmedabad airport, INR1,000 plus crores at Mumbai Airport, and already 
INR500 crores projects in Kandla. 
So, putting all these present tenders, I'm saying, forget Dharavi and the data centres which 
tenders are yet to come or the design stage, so probably, order book is what I'm saying is we 
have to think about ourselves and how we would like to move from here. So, that won't be an 
issue. This partnership is basically done on that basis only, that we can move little faster and we 
can move on in EPC Contracts. 
Previously they were focusing more on only core & shell to Civil Contractor and later on moving 
towards MEPs and other works. Now they are thinking that the whole project should go as a 
turnkey project to PSP. This is a total different thought process from the company side. They 
are facing the pressure to complete the projects on time. There are company like us whom they 
trust in terms of capabilities and also as far as delivery of the project is concerned. That's how 
this whole transaction was done. 

 
 
PSP Projects Limited 
 
 
November 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. Just the last question, sir. Now between you and ITD, how will this thing be split, because 
both have the building division? And also every time you will have to come for related party 
approvals for orders from Adani? 
P. S. Patel: 
See, there are 2 things to understand. I'm not sure about ITD's formal agreement with them. But 
what I understand, the ITD is more into the infrastructure of marine structures. So maybe they 
will be utilizing more of ITD towards that side. And as far as building is concerned, as I said, 
there is a sufficient appetite for who has the capability, bandwidth to deliver them on time. So it 
is not at all about who will do the rest of the thing. It is more about how can we speed up our 
work and take more and more projects. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And related party approvals, I mean, you'll have to take approvals as you get orders. Every time 
you'll have to take approvals from the minority shareholders.  
P. S. Patel: 
Like related party? 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Like if you take orders from Adani Group, which could be significant because it's a promoter 
entity now and related party. So you will have to take approvals from the shareholders for taking 
those orders. 
Management: 
Yes. So if at all it is required in the future, if the transaction value is more than the threshold 
which I will be giving year-on-year, we'll be going ahead with this. As of now, there's no need 
to take this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vijay Bharani from Avendus Spark. 
Vijay Bharani: 
My first question is on the mechanics, how the partnership will work for future order inflow 
from Adani though you explained. I just want a little more color on the projects that will come 
from Adani Group, will it come directly as a nominated project without any competitive bidding 
or tendering? 
P. S. Patel: 
The projects where tendering is required, the group shall invite tenders from competition and 
compare basis the costing. The group and us have agreed That there will be profit over and above 
the cost as per our current practice. 
What you were saying is that every project will be negotiated and given to us like they say, we 
will always go for a fair competition to get the rate on the market depending on the type of the 
project. But at the end of the formula on which we have actually, basically it should be cost plus 
formula. 
And based on those formulas, we will work out the cost and we will go ahead with the project. 
So basically, what will happen that it in every project where the tender process was going for 
two and three months, that we can be reduced to maximum by within one month. 

 
 
PSP Projects Limited 
 
 
November 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
 
Vijay Bharani: 
Again, I'm not very sure I heard it properly. But if I were to summarize, you are saying there 
will be a certain fixed margins that will be afforded through the projects that will come from 
Adani. Is that the right understanding? 
P. S. Patel: 
At the company level, we would like to maintain our EBITDA till now whatever we have 
achieved till now. And then, by formula, we'll be working on the same kind of calculation. So 
more or less, the company's EBITDA is not going to change as far as that group entering into 
our project. Because they are also equal partners. So the EBITDA margins we will try to 
maintain the same. 
Vijay Bharani: 
Okay. But how will the projects come to us from Adani? It will be a nominated project, like it 
will be direct without any competition? 
P. S. Patel: 
In cases where there is no requirement from their side to have a tender; they can come directly 
to us also.  
Vijay Bharani: 
Okay. My final question is basically regarding the fact that shouldn't this arrangement be done 
just as a JV or a partnership with the Adani Group just to take the projects instead of giving them 
ownership stake because you have created a good company for the investors. You could have 
done it on your own in the next 5-10 years also without this share sale to Adani. Like, could 
there have been just an operational strategic alliance with Adani for just work orders? What is 
the rationale behind providing Adani the ownership? 
P. S. Patel: 
See, there are 2 things to understand. Anywhere if you see the construction business and its cost 
and its operation and its profitability is a complex formula. To trust someone directly and to trust 
through books is a totally different thing. So when we talk about partnership with any firm, we 
will always feel like they're comfortable also by giving you an order or by giving you a portion 
of their building. 
So it's not about that they can trust me directly because I'm a Patel or I'm from Gujarat and give 
me the order on X formula or Y formula. If they themselves are partner, they can understand the 
book very properly and any problem in the books that they can see at any point of time that's the 
whole reason to enter into this transaction. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shravan Shah from Dolat Capital. 
Shravan Shah: 
In terms of the first question, when you were answering if you can repeat the orders, you said, 
INR1,000 crores each for Ahmedabad, Mumbai Airport and some other orders. Will these 
projects translate into our order book in the next 3 months? 
P. S. Patel: 
Each and every project is now at the tender stage. Some of the projects in Ahmedabad which are 
in the range of about 20 lakhs square feet, are being converted to precast. They are trying to 
convert the projects into precast to reduce the timeline through precast. 

 
 
PSP Projects Limited 
 
 
November 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
 
And as far as the airport is concerned, the tenders are through and we are in the process of 
bidding. They have asked for  2 or 3 competitive biddings and tenders have been invited for 
Jaipur, Trivendrum,  Ahmedabad, Mumbai airports.  
As far as Mumbai is concerned I anticipate Dharavi projects to materialize. We have already had 
1 or 2 detailed meetings. The first building which is going to be RNA area which is an empty 
area, near to Dharavi, where these building are to be done. 
Shravan Shah: 
Sir just still trying to further deep down, trying to get the numbers, I'm not still able to get the 
numbers.  
P.S Patel: 
I'm just saying how many projects can possibly come within the next 3, 4 months and have 
mentioned the projects that we have either bided for or are under discussion. Why do you want 
each and every project number? 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. Got it. Second thing is, sir, will they further also increase the stake are we also planning 
to sell further more stake apart from this 30% stake? 
P.S Patel: 
The agreement is done with wherein the promoter holding will remain 50-50. None of the entities 
can increase holding without permission of either. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. Got it. And other question is in terms of at your level. So as you said, you are having this 
business only and will like to continue. So what will be the use of the proceeds of INR685 crores 
that you will be getting? 
P.S Patel: 
For my personal money you're asking? 
Shravan Shah: 
Yes, sir. 
P.S Patel: 
Why are you asking about that money today. Even i'm not sure what I’ll be doing of that money. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. Got it. And then just last, I think, sir, recently, the QIP, we have done at INR670-odd in 
April, and now this deal is INR575. So anything you want to comment on that? 
P.S Patel: 
It was the situation where the company is getting a benefit for the longer period. And we found 
that this is a better win-win situation for futuristic orders and futuristic business. And joining 
hands with such a large entity who is having large work for the next 10 years, if we can perform 
in a better way. I think we are at the right place. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vishal Periwal from Antique Stock Broking. 
Vishal Periwal: 
A couple of clarifications. Your initial commentary mentioned like the both entities will have 
an equal equity in the company. But I think right now, it is 30-30. But after the open offer, Adani 
will have something, a buyback or probably like what they will do. So equity, eventually, it will 
change?  

 
 
PSP Projects Limited 
 
 
November 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
 
P.S Patel: 
The share purchase agreement executed was 50-50. If in the open offer they are getting 5% from 
the market, totalling to 65%, so then it will be distributed 32.5:32.5. In that case, I will be selling 
only 27.5% stake. So, it is more on how it happens during the closure of the open offer. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay. And this you see, it is there for the next 10 years? I mean, whatever happened in the open 
offer? 
P.S Patel: 
Yes, yes, yes. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay. Got it. And again, you did clarify like no one can sell, exit without the confirmation from 
both the parties? 
P.S Patel: 
Right. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Got it. And sir, you did mention on the formula for the cost plus. So what is the percentage, the 
plus percentage, what exactly is this? 
P.S Patel: 
That will be worked out based on the type of the project because each project has a different 
level of calculation as far as investment, as far as the model of shuttering investment and the 
model of technology, which is, if we are using Precast, it will be different. So basically, it will 
be cost plus profit margin and the exact cost and the third-party exact overhead which are 
required for that cost. So, as to maintain the company EBITDA level as per the guidance which 
we have been giving till today. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay. Got it. Maybe last thing from my side. So, Adani Infra India, which has acquired this. So 
are we already doing EPC work, this entity? Will you have any understanding? 
P.S Patel: 
No, we are not doing any such thing. Adani Infra is majorly presently into different types of 
infra projects. They're into road, sewage treatment plant, in Namami Gange cleaning part. But 
as far as our partnership is concerned we will be working with Adani Realty, Adani Airports, 
Adani Industries which is at Kandla, etc. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Right. The reason why I'm asking is because eventually, Adani Group has constructed a lot of 
infra work in India. So, there is already an entity which is doing it, which could be 100% owned 
entity. But why they will route it through PSP where eventually, they have to share the profit 
with third person. I mean, like they can do it through an entity with 100% already owned by 
them. So I mean probably whether the order inflow will come to PSP or, that's probably I just 
want to check? 
P.S Patel: 
Actually, if you can go back to the understanding Adani infrastructure profile. They are into 
PMC management of road infrastructure and sewage infrastructure. They get the orders from the 
government side or the private sector and subsequently they give the order to a large contracting 
firm. So, it is not that the company is personally doing any business directly. So here there is a 
point of that we as a contracting firm are purely into making building infrastructure. So that's 

 
 
PSP Projects Limited 
 
 
November 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
 
the reason that is not their expertise. So they require a partner who can deliver the project as per 
their needs and as per their timeline. And that's how Adani Infra is interested in investing in PSP. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prem from Anand Rathi Shares and Stock Brokers. 
Prem: 
So I have basically two questions. So one was as there will be a change in the Board structure 
as they are taking up much stake, they would nominate some Directors. I understand the Board 
part clearly. 
 
But would they nominate any people from their side who are also going to, I mean, engage in 
the day-to-day operations? I mean all this while you along with the existing team was managing 
an entire show. So would they nominate any members who would come and join the 
management and participate in the active decision making on the day-to-day operations? Or it 
would still stay with you the decision making still stay? 
P.S Patel: 
You have gone through our yesterday's press release. We have clearly mentioned that the 
operational part 100% remains with PS Patel, being Managing Director, Chairman and CEO till 
today. As far as the management is concerned, they will have a Board access and there will be 
we have to represent the Board. There will be two members who will be coming whenever there 
is a Board meeting and I have to represent anything we have to represent there. Otherwise, as 
far as the company's running is concerned, it works exactly the same way it was working until 
now. 
Prem Khurana: 
Sure, sir. And just a second question. I mean, I understand this is a hypothetical situation. So, 
let's say, I mean, we generally target, this year we're targeting, let's say, INR3,000 crores, 
INR3,500 crores sort of order inflow. Let's say, next year we would target INR5,000-odd crores 
and you have equal amount of opportunities available outside Adani portfolio as well. I mean, 
how would you prioritize which work do you intend to take?  
Would you still have an option to go and refuse Adani's work and then do third party work? 
Hypothetically speaking, let's say if the margins happen to be higher there? 
P.S Patel: 
Yes. See, I would put it this way. Presently, there is nothing binding PSP Projects from not 
taking or working for projects outside of Adani Group. We have clearly mentioned that we 
should remain in the market and execute a combination of projects. As far as government large 
projects are concerned or wherever there is a large opportunity, we will go for a competitive bid 
and if we get those opportunities we will absolutely go for projects which are to that scale, but 
as far as this group is concerned, where we have assured business and assured profitability with 
less competition that piece will also be a priority. 
So it depends on the type of the project and whenever it is, but as such it's not binding and are 
not confined to Adani. We have the large potential at Adani. So we will be focussing more on 
Adani, but opportunities which are also large and the competition is niche, we will always bid 
for those kind of project. 

 
 
PSP Projects Limited 
 
 
November 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
 
Prem Khurana: 
Sure. No, sir, it was not about whether it's a binding arrangement.We understand in this business 
generally tend to have capacity constraints, I mean, suddenly that won’t go to INR10,000 crores, 
right? 
P.S Patel: 
Presently Adani is having INR10,000 crores work orders in market. I am not able to give you all 
the types of projects. So we have to also think as and when we grow and we increase our 
bandwidth in terms of trying to do the projects on time. This will go sequentially. So maybe first 
level we will go for slowly getting their projects. And once we are through/out of some of the 
projects getting completed of the existing order book, we can have larger projects for the group 
also. So, it’s business call which I have to take as and when my bandwidth is there. 
Prem Khurana: 
Okay. And just one small clarification. So when I was reading this press release that you've given 
out. I thought the lock-in is for 5 years and I'm not sure if I heard you correct or not I heard 10 
years on the call? 
P.S Patel: 
No, lock in is absolutely for 5 years, until 5 years But the shareholding agreement is done for 10 
years, wherein me and my family can continue till then. 
Prem Khurana: 
Sure sir. That clarifies. Thank you and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vaibhav Shah from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity and given this partnership has shaped up, so will you be revising our 
order inflow guidance for FY '25 and what could be our guidance for FY '26 as well on order 
inflows? 
P.S Patel: 
Yes. Again, I would say the present our guideline still remains at INR3,500 to INR4,000, but 
that depends on the next 2 months to 3 months how we are working, because there are several 
projects, which we are discussing from last 1.5 months that is at Shantigram, Ahmedabad airport, 
Delhi airport, but after getting this clarity as a group from yesterday that how we are joining 
hands there will be different scenario from tomorrow. So, let us hope that we at least reach to 
our order inflow guidance of INR4,000 in FY25, the number that we had envisaged for this year. 
And also because that's the bandwidth which we have today. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Okay. And sir, secondly, last time you had mentioned the pipeline was around INR7,000 crores. 
So what would it stand right now? 
P.S Patel: 
I think it is still in the same range. So probably those bids are also in process.  
Vaibhav Shah: 
Okay. And sir lastly, how are you working on increasing the bandwidth? So what kind of say 
order book or say, annual revenue, can we reach at peak with the current bandwidth? 

 
 
PSP Projects Limited 
 
 
November 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
 
P.S Patel: 
See presently what is happening the whole idea of joining the hands with Adani Group was 
literally because of technology and the way we have grown in the last 3 years. So we are trying 
to adopt more and more technology I mean to say Precast technology.  
So probably it will be win-win situation that we can add on INR1,000 crores particularly for the 
Precast plant separately and then give the INR3,000 crores to INR4,000 crores, it is project in 
casting Situ because of the type of the project... So we are presently exploring two to three 
buildings in Precast which are already designed for Casting Situ. So that I can get assured once 
I get through with projects going on fast track on Precast then I will be able to answer your 
questions properly after 3 months to 4 months once we are through execution in Precast also. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Thank you sir. Those are my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Shah from HDFC Asset Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Ashish Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir a couple of questions again on the structure. -- just for the 
clarity, when we say the lock-in for 5 years, in this 5-year period there is no option also that the 
remaining stake can be acquired by Adani? I mean, you -- this shareholding in that sense will 
remain frozen. And only after 5 years, the question of right of first refusal, et cetera, arises if 
anybody wants to sell. Is that understanding correct, sir? 
P.S Patel: 
Yes. 
Ashish Shah: 
Okay. Second, sir, I mean in a case where, let's say, there is an infusion of capital required from 
the promoters let's say, if Adani want to infuse x amount of capital, does it mean that you will 
also have to match the remaining stake, match the similar amount to maintain equal stake or in 
that case you may get diluted? 
P.S Patel: 
There also, we have agreed upon going for debt as a priority and then it will be equity part. When 
it comes to equity part at that stage it can be decided how it should be worked out. , but the 
priority will be debt first because company have balance sheet well to have more debt. So, first 
is debt and then is equity, but that is something which can be mutually decided at that time. 
Ashish Shah: 
Okay. So this current understanding is more from selling of the existing shares for any primary 
infusion from the promoters, that's something that will work out as and when the situation arises? 
P.S Patel: 
I think I can't get your question. What was it? 
Ashish Shah: 
No, sir what I'm trying to say is that the current understanding on having equal shareholding is 
for the current shareholding that we have, but for any primary infusion of capital, let's say, Adani 
want it to into INR1,000 crores. I'm just hypothetically giving the numbers. If they want to infuse 
x amount of capital into the company for whatever reason, then at that time, you will have to 
probably come to a decision on how to manage your stakes because that always cannot be 

 
 
PSP Projects Limited 
 
 
November 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
 
maintain in equal proportion because you may not be able to maybe get the same amount of 
capital that they may want to infuse? 
P.S Patel: 
But there I said that the first priority as per the agreement is debt and if the debt is not permissible 
by our balance sheet, then the same will be discussed.  
Ashish Shah: 
Fair enough. I got your point. Just lastly, I couldn't hear clearly on that 10-year part. The 5-year 
part is clear. You said something about that 10-year shareholder agreement. Can you just repeat 
that, sir? 
P.S Patel: 
I think some of the conditions I have got little bit confused, but I'll come back to you, I think the 
major stock of shareholding to be considered is 5 years, and for 5 years from completion of the 
agreements, me and other existing promoters, are restricted in terms of doing such type of similar 
business separately later on or that time.  
Ashish Shah: 
Alright sir, thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Good morning sir, and congratulations on the transaction. Sir, first question is, I could not 
understand this equal stake because now the open offer is for 26%. At present we stand at 30-
30. Suppose they get the entire 26% stake in the open offer, then will you be selling only 4% to 
them?  
P.S Patel: 
Yes. It will be 4% from my side and the 26% they are getting from open offer.  
Sarvesh Gupta: 
So basically, the total stake of Adani plus you will not cross 60% in the company? 40% will 
remain with the public shareholders at all time? 
P.S Patel: 
No. It is not like that. If suppose, today they are getting 26% through open offer and total is 
getting more than 75%, then keeping 75% as the threshold, it will be distributed between two. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
No, sir. So what I want to understand that post this open offer, suppose they get 10% in the open 
offer, then will you be selling 20% only to them? 
P.S Patel: 
Then 10% is what they get from the market; 60% is mine and 10% they are getting from the 
market. So it will be distributed 35-35. So, I will be selling them 25%. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood. So the total stake will remain equal after the open offer also? 
P.S Patel: 
Right. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. Understood. And sir, on the margins. We saw a situation in UP wherein actual margins 
versus budgeted sort of was different? So, would there be fixed margins for all your projects 
with Adani or will be based on actual expense? Or will that be based on budgeted expense? 

 
 
PSP Projects Limited 
 
 
November 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
 
P.S Patel: 
Yes, you must be aware whenever we are working with a private group, the basic materials are 
always on a base rate. So those rates which were there in the UP were all the materials we have 
to bear the cost of the rising material cost. Here the base prices of the cement or steel, whatever 
it is, we have added today that will be paid off, whatever, whether it is minus or plus. What is 
going to be fixed is my overheads and what is going to be fixed is my margin and what is going 
to be fixed is my cost. 
Suppose even the cost part if I consider is INR1 later and if I am spending INR1.10, then there 
can be a difference in the total margin that can impact your margin. But major material cost 
which are on a base rate that is not going to impact anywhere else to us.  
Sarvesh Gupta: 
So we don't face the risks which manifested in our UP execution in these contracts? 
P.S Patel: 
They are not the government project, hence it is different As I mentioned above is not only about 
Adani; we are working in Coca Cola or we are working in some other projects which are private. 
Every time the cement, steel, sometimes the flooring material, sometimes larger electrical 
equipment, these are all at base rate. So whatever plus or minus the cost of the material is, it is 
always deducted from the bill. So then the risk of inflation of major materials does not remain 
too much for the private contracts. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood. Now sir, you mentioned that we would want to maintain the company level 
margins. But since we have seen some volatility around that in the last few years, would you 
want to restate what is that number that we are looking at? Is it like 11%, 12%? Or now that if 
their book becomes a big part of our execution book, will it go down to 9%, 10%? Or what is 
that number, sir, that on an EBITDA level that we will be looking at? 
P.S Patel: 
See, again, I would say that previously also, we have changed our projection in the range of 10% 
and 11% from 11% to 12%. So today also what we have agreed and what we are aiming for 
future when we are working with Adani or whether we are working with other groups or whether 
we are working at government level, we will try and stick to maintain our EBITDA at 10%. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
10% plus, okay. And sir, will you see a significant reduction in your interest cost post this 
transaction because of the change in the profile of the joint owners? 
P.S Patel: 
The same thing, the debt part is because of whatever we are having, the debt part is not going to 
change much. So, interest cost is already, whatever impact has to come, that has already come 
after QIP. So, that will remain little bit standard. Yes, that can be little bit developed on the 
working capital side. 
But the project which we are working on at the moment on time. So, if we are working with 
Adani, the debt flow will little bit improve. And that's how we expect that any money which we 
are drawing from the banks will not hold too much because of the receivables. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood. And sir, finally, now there can be a lot of order inflows because of the work that 
Adani Group is doing. But how will we be able to sort of execute at larger scale? Because the 

 
 
PSP Projects Limited 
 
 
November 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
 
organization itself needs to be able to execute or take in those large orders. So how are we 
thinking about it? What are the organizational level changes or things that we need to do in the 
next 6 months to be able to do that? 
P.S Patel: 
We know our weak point, they also know our weak point. As I said, if we want to expand at 
both the levels, we may be required to strengthen our organization also. So, we are going to sit 
with them, at the HR level and how we can expand ourself in in terms of organization. That is 
not something which we are going to go through in the next one or two months. 
Till today, we have been discussing majorly on the projects, share purchase agreement, etc. 
before this transaction. So once this transaction is through we will discuss in detail on how to go 
ahead on a larger scale project at Mumbai or Ahmedabad, or some other places where they are 
having the projects. That will be in the course of discussion we will get in to in one or two 
months.  
Sarvesh Gupta: 
 
Okay, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Khetan from Laburnum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Khetan: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on the transaction. So, my first question 
was, what were the constraints earlier either in terms of capital or prequalification, which now 
sort of goes away with the partnership with Adani. And does it allow us to compete in other 
segments or areas where we were not present earlier? 
P.S Patel: 
Yes. So, as far as PSP is concerned, we were having almost the highest standard of pre-
qualification, except some of the large projects like airports. We have started our work at airports 
since last two years at Ahmedabad airport. But the size of those projects are the expansion 
outside the airport. So, probably joining hands with such a group who is having large projects 
on the airport side also will benefit us and add on to our scale. Otherwise amongst the 
institutional building, whether residential building or industrial building, we were having a 
strong profile. This partnership brings along assured profitability and assured business. 
Amit Khetan: 
Got it. And would it be a fair assumption that given how you have outlined that this is going to 
be a partnership between PSP and Adani, that both you and your family members who are 
currently involved in the business, will continue to be the case going forward? Or would your 
kids end up doing something else? 
P. S Patel: 
Yes. so as I said, presently the shareholder agreement is based on 5 years management control 
and after 5 years if my son wants to continue or they want to add on some people that can be 
discussed later on. And how much we are able to strengthen ourselves in terms of business in 
these next 5 years after getting such a large opportunity that can be discussed later on. 
But today, it is not clear how my family going to continue after 5 years. If my both son and 
daughter both grow up in a direction to stand to what I'm doing till now, I may or may not retire 
and decide to still work say for further 5 more years, that will be discussed later on after 5 years. 

 
 
PSP Projects Limited 
 
 
November 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devang Patel from Samiksha Capital. 
Devang Patel: 
I want to understand what we are looking to strengthen in terms of technology, which you 
mentioned a few times earlier. So are we looking to scale up our precast capabilities? Or are we 
looking to add some more capabilities? Would this be outside of building, say, tunnelling, for 
example, if you can please clarify on this? 
P. S Patel: 
Presently, Adani is working at Ahmedabad and Kandla in Gujarat. They are also working on 
Dharavi projects, Mumbai Airport,etc.. So, all these places presently we are having a precast 
plant in Ahmedabad in Gujarat, so whatever project we can convert into precast will be able to 
be delivered from the present facility. 
There is 1 more plant which is coming up. Whenever there is a requirement of a new plant that 
will be an asset owned by Adani. We will be managing the operational part. So presently there 
is the installation of plant is going on at Mundra. And there is 1 more plant which is coming up 
at Mumbai. We will be responsible for operations as we have the expertise of making this 
element. 
We have an experience of operating precast plants. We will focus to increase our operational 
strength to work on all these three plants so that the project elements are being casted and later 
on those types of projects where we are casting and we can go for installation also. But if there 
is a large project where two or three more contractors are involved, we may be involved in the 
production also. 
So, it's something which depends later on how the projects are converted Casting Situ precast 
and where this type of technology can be feasible and cost effective. 
Devang Patel: 
Okay. And the plant that we are currently of precast, would we be looking to expand that also 
because of this partnership? 
P. S Patel: 
See, as of now, we don't see that. Presently, at least we've been saying one or two months or 
three months, actually we don't have any idea of any calculation of expanding that because there 
are two or three projects which we are working on and it is at the design stage for Adani Group. 
There, this plant is sufficient to provide elements on that site. 
 
But in future also, if we add on more and more projects in reality at Shantigram, then there can 
be an expansion. But we have already expanded ourselves to double the precast facility with 
moulds. As we are working on L&T order, the present facility has already been doubled. So, 
after that L&T order is over in June, we have that space available, we simply have to invest in 
mould. 
But as of now, we don't have any requirement that the projects which are in line, which we are 
going to add on in this order book in next few months.  

 
 
PSP Projects Limited 
 
 
November 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
 
Devang Patel: 
Right, sir. Sir, in terms of pipeline, which we have mentioned in earlier quarters of INR7,000 
crores. Does that immediately expand? You've mentioned a few INR1,000 crores projects. 
Should we assume these are already part of our pipeline? Our pipeline remains the same because 
this partnership or does it expand immediately because of this? 
P. S Patel: 
See, that pipeline, there are two projects from Adani Group side and there were few projects 
from government side also. So there were one or two tenders from NBCC and there were one or 
two tenders from different developing groups in Ahmedabad also. So overall that order book 
still remains INR 7,000 +. 
But as far as Adani is concerned about INR700 to INR800 crores of projects we are discussing 
at Shantigram. About INR800 crores projects we are addressing at Adani Airport in Ahmedabad. 
About INR1,000 plus-crores projects we are discussing at Mumbai Airport. And about I think 
INR300 plus-crores projects we are discussing at Dharavi, which is going to be the first project 
of rehabilitation. 
Devang Patel: 
Sir, apart from residential building orders, which can be negotiated on cost plus, can you also 
clarify these airport orders you can get on a negotiated basis or these have to be on a tender 
basis? 
P. S Patel: 
See basically everything depends on their governance. Whatever identity they are having and 
different types of projects coming in different, different verticals. So it will be always the 
competition between two or three people. But to work out on the minimum cost, how the project 
can be calculated, with keeping most of the options at base rate, that can be worked out later on 
based on my calculation of cost and overheads and profit. 
Devang Patel: 
Okay. So, for example, when you said INR1,000 crores of Mumbai Airport order we are in 
discussion, this could be on a negotiated basis, I mean, not on a tender basis. Is that what you 
are saying? 
P. S Patel: 
It is already been quoted by so many other companies also. So it’s not like that, that we are the 
only person in the negotiation. But yes, the idea would be that how we can come to closure to 
the right cost and the right overhead at the right profit. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vaibhav Shah from JM Financial. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Sir, out of our order backlog of INR6,500 crores, what will be the share of Adani Group projects 
right now? 
 
  
P. S Patel: 
INR232 crores approximately 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Okay. And sir, secondly, if I heard it correctly, you're guiding for EBITDA margins of 10% plus 
going forward in the medium term, right? 

 
 
PSP Projects Limited 
 
 
November 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
 
P. S Patel: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Neel Thakkar from Aero Capital. 
Neel Thakkar: 
So my question is that how committed or how passionate the current promoter group would be 
to continuing this partnership for a fairly foreseeable future? 
P. S Patel: 
That passion Adani Group saw in me and hence joined hands with us. So, basically as I said, I 
was passionate about running this company right from the day I had created this company. Today 
also by joining hands with them we are assuring so many things for the future. So it is not at all 
about that our passion will go little bit down, we are at a 50% partner. The ultimate rationale 
from this partnership is to assure a good business growth from here in a way it is beneficiary to 
both the companies. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitesh Kochar from Riverland Capital. 
Nitesh Kochar: 
Sir, my question is, I mean, the previous discussion in participants were asking and spoke solely 
on PSP Projects getting projects from Adani Group and a number from this and that. But I think 
this is much bigger than that, much bigger than you getting projects from Adani Group and order 
book going up.  
Now the thing is, it is obvious that the entire opportunity landscape changes for your company. 
My question, the first question here is how ready are you to cater to those opportunities, how 
you are going to change the organization, see the project coming project size or maybe the 
geographies would be depending on what you've been doing the last 15, 20 years. 
Technical expertise would also be different. It's going to be high value-added project. So how 
are you ready and how confident you are, the way that you would be running this company with 
a very, very clean, pristine parameter, sound receivable days, sound balance sheet, debt profile 
and not taking loss-making project. 
Are you ready to do that to continue with the same profile of PSP projects even if the size of the 
company changes dramatically? This is question number 1. 
P. S Patel: 
See, there are 2 to 3 parameters, which we have to understand. Our performance and our 
experience in last 10/11 years after getting listed after eight years of operations. We have learned 
a lot through our experiences, a lot from SDB, and have learned a lot from Uttar Pradesh also. 
So now going forward, what is the reason to have this partnership with Adani? It is more on 
technology part. So because they are also having that pressure that most of the contractors are 
not able to perform well throughout the season because of not directly involved in their decision. 
 
It is more because of the impact of the weather, it is more impact of the consistency of 
availability of labour. So this is the pain which overall all the contractors are facing and all the 
owners are facing. So we are trying to convert this joint venture into a different mode that I 
strengthen myself in terms of management to what I am doing till now. 

 
 
PSP Projects Limited 
 
 
November 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
 
 
And also I'm trying to put in more and more technology and putting more and more things which 
are happening in the world which we can adopt because we have a larger order book or the larger 
overview of projects which we can get this capex out. So the whole idea is to reduce the 
management cost, reduce the labour cost and increase the productivity. 
 
And we as an entrepreneur or as a contractor you must say see we are the pioneer in Ahmedabad 
to make the people learn more and more about how the things can be done in a better way and 
better quality. And that's the reason we have been adopting more and more technology 
throughout our career. 
 
And that's what Adani is also seeing for future. So there we have a better way that whenever 
there is an investment of INR100 crores or INR200 crores which can solve your problem of 
INR1000 crores, we'll be easily ready. So this is a better way to understand. Over the years, we 
have already strengthened ourselves and the company in terms of managing the people with 
processes and culture. 
 
But going from here it would be more rather than learning something from the technology part 
and adding people on the technology part. At the same time there will be a few projects where 
we cannot convert projects into a technology, where we have to carry on with the same 
technology. 
 
But residential reality projects can be converted into technology, large projects of institutions 
can be converted through technology, projects which are at the industry level that can be 
converted into technology, because we have been doing Nestle, we are doing Coca-Cola, , etc. 
For Precast, we have done about 12 lakhs square feet of Precast in the past one year. 
 
So probably going from here we have to increase our bandwidth both to make more and more 
people aware about this precast technology. At the same time we have to strengthen our 
management top line, where more and more people get up to manage more and more projects.  
Nitesh Kochar: 
Perfect. So thank you, sir. And my second question to Prahalad bhai, is you have built this 
company with lot of hard work and anyone who has tried your company for last few years know 
that at INR575 it is definitely undervalued. Now to sell a very large chunk of your private 
personal shareholding to Adani, new 30% at INR575, it is a very tough and hard decision I can 
understand. 
 
Question here is, do you think that with the balance 30% and given the changes that it will bring 
into the business, you can make up for this last 30%? I mean the question here is for your 
personal wealth, you took a call that instead of owning 60% and a normal steady growth, it is 
better to own half and to be on a super growth path. So how do you see that? This is my second 
question. 
P.S Patel: 
See here it is not only about my money, or about my investment. It is more about how company 
can grow from here. See INR575 or INR600, you are absolutely right. This is my money which 

 
 
PSP Projects Limited 
 
 
November 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
 
I can compare with that. But this company is not generated to create money out of this 
shareholding what I have done till now. 
 
Even if you see we were holding 72%, I bought some shares from the market also. So it depends 
on the situation. After going through the 3 years of journey, wherein we have failed some of the 
projects in UP, we have learned so many things from Uttar Pradesh, Surat Diamond Bourse, 
Kashi Vishwananth Dham, etc.  
 
Now going further, we have an assured business, assured owner with a fixed type of technology 
which we can accept also. So I am the person to decide upon how we should go on different 
types of projects, how we should manage such types of projects from their side also. So I 
personally don't feel that way that this is something which I am losing or this, but I am thinking 
about the company. 
 
What is company going to gain out of this? At the end of the day, I need my journey to continue 
with the same pace with what I have created this company. And I can strengthen this company 
by joining groups like this wherein who has plenty of work to be done in the next 10 years. 
Hopefully, if I can do about 10% to 20% of that work also, we will be the happiest person as a 
company and as a shareholder, I would say. 
Nitesh Kochar: 
Perfect. Thank you very much, sir. And I wish you all the best. I really hope that PSP project 
become number one EPC Company in India in the next 5 years and all the very best to entire 
team. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anil from SMIFS Limited. Please go ahead. 
Anil: 
Yes. So congratulations, sir, on this deal execution. Good part is that you are still going to keep 
the management with yourself. My only question is, if we had done this deal, maybe some time 
later, you have already shared with us that incrementally things are going to improve on margin 
front, etc. So probably you could have got a better deal. So my just one simple question is, how 
happy you are with the deal price? 
P.S Patel: 
My last answer was on the same line. It is not about my opinion, sir. It is not about the Adani 
group's opinion. It is more about both the groups, where we can convince ourselves they want 
to increase their capex in a proper way so that they get the delivery on time. We want to grow 
from here in a different scale after utilising and having an experience of precast technology and 
how this company can come out different ways, wherein we are having an assured timeline for 
each project. And if we have more and more clients to convert to precast. 
 
So this whole question is about going from this,  see the pressure I was having since last 3 years. 
We are not getting consistent labour. We are not getting good quality of people at management 
side. So putting up more and more technology and decreasing on the management part, 
decreasing on the labour part in labour involvement will obviously give a different edge to this 
company. 

 
 
PSP Projects Limited 
 
 
November 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
 
 
And when we are talking about such a large group like Adani, they don't have any problem in 
investing INR100 crores or INR200 crores. Even if it is to be invested, they can invest from their 
current company. When they are doing a project, supposing for airports, and if they have to 
invest INR100 crores, they will say with these INR100 crores we are investing, rest of the thing 
management and everything you can do from your side, so that this project of INR1000 crores 
or INR2000 crores is completed on time. 
 
So I personally don't think whether for my side this valuation was perfect for me or not. But it 
is more about strategically good way of going from here and keep ourselves going in a better 
way and do not fall into the same issues of failure like what we have failed in different projects 
like SDB, payment related issues, UP where we had a loss because of the material cost and the 
timeline going up. 
 
So such types of risks will be getting avoided and it is more about the company rather than more 
about my side. 
Anil: 
I appreciate your thoughts sir. So shall I presume that okay you are happy with the deal price? 
P.S Patel: 
100% sir. 
Anil: 
Okay, thank you sir and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would like to hand the 
conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
P.S Patel: 
Thank you one and all of joining us on our conference call today. Thank you for your time, 
support and trust in us. We hope that we have been able to address most of your queries. In case 
of further queries, you may reach out to us offline. Thank you again and good day. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of PSP Projects Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
******************* 
