www.ideaforgetech.com  
 
 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
(Formerly ideaForge Technology Private Limited) 
EL-146, T.T.C. Industrial Area, M.I.D.C. Mahape, Navi Mumbai - 400 710. Maharashtra (India) 
Ph.(O): +91 (22) 6787 1000 (F) +91 (22) 6787 1007 
 
Email: info@ideaforgetech.com CIN No. L31401MH2007PLC167669 
November 05, 2024 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,  
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001. 
BSE Scrip Code: 543932  
To,  
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (EAST), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE SYMBOL: IDEAFORGE 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024, of ideaForge 
Technology Limited (“the Company”). 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
This is further to our letter dated October 29, 2024, whereby the Company had submitted the link to the 
audio recording of the Earnings Call hosted by the Company on Tuesday, October 29, 2024, at 11.00 a.m. 
(IST) post announcement of Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone & Consolidated) for the quarter and 
half year ended September 30, 2024. 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 and 46 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of 
the Earnings call held on Tuesday, October 29, 2024, at 11.00 a.m. (IST). The Transcript is also available on 
Company’s website at below link: 
 
https://ideaforgetech.com/investor-relations/news-and-announcements 
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully 
For ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
 
Sonam Gupta 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. A53881 
 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SONAM 
DILIPKUMAR 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
SONAM DILIPKUMAR 
GUPTA 
Date: 2024.11.05 
17:02:38 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
 
“ideaForge Technology Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 29, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
       
    
 
 
             
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANKIT MEHTA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - 
IDEAFORGE TECHNOLOGY LIMITED  
 
MR. VIPUL JOSHI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
IDEAFORGE TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PARTH PATEL – ORIENT CAPITAL 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call of 
IdeaForge Technology Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Parth Patel from Orient Capital. Thank you and over to 
you, Mr. Parth. 
Parth Patel: 
Thank you, Michelle. On behalf of Orient Capital, I welcome you all to IdeaForge Technology 
Limited Q2 and H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call. From the management side, we have Mr. 
Ankit Mehta, Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Vipul Joshi, Chief Financial Officer. I hope 
everyone had an opportunity to go through our investor deck and press release that we have 
uploaded on our exchange and company's website. 
 
A short disclaimer, I would like to say before we begin the call, this call may contain some of 
the forward-looking statements which are completely based upon our belief, opinion, and 
expectations as of today. These statements are not a guarantee of our future performance and 
involve unforeseen risk and uncertainties. 
 
With this, now I hand over the call to Mr. Ankit Mehta. Over to you, sir. 
Ankit Mehta: 
Thanks, Parth. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our Q2 and H1 
FY25 Earnings Conference Call. Let me first take this opportunity to wish everyone season's 
greetings and in advance a very happy and safe Diwali. 
 
Today on the call, I have my colleague, Vipul Joshi, our CFO, and Orient Capital, our investor 
relationship partner with me. As we reflect on this past quarter, I want to start with a few 
developments that can be expected in the industry in which we operate, starting with the much-
awaited PLI drone scheme. India's PLI scheme for drones and drone components since its launch 
in 2021 has laid a strong foundation and helped this nascent industry to make significant 
progress. 
 
The industry has been presenting a case for PLI 2.0, and I'm confident that it will be a game-
changer for startups, MSMEs, and established players alike. With a much larger capital outlay 
and enhancements in its execution based on learnings from the original scheme, it can have an 
even greater impact across the entire drone ecosystem, making it a revolutionary step towards 
realizing the government's vision to make India a drone hub by 2030. 
 
Our clarion call to promote indigenous technology development and ban the import of critical 
subsystems and components coming from geographies of concern are also moving in the right 
direction, particularly since the pager attacks. 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
We've been witnessing clear intent and increasing activity from customers to tackle this problem 
by looking under the hood of what is being supplied or proposed to be supplied. The same is 
being done in the CCTV industry as well, as we are all well aware of. It's a sign of the maturing 
of the ecosystem and signs of deeper evaluation ahead of – ahead for the Indian drone industry. 
 
But it is also an exciting time for indigenous technology in the country. Operationally, our efforts 
for new technology and product development continue to be active on all fronts. We have been 
able to equip our existing quad and hybrid VTOL platforms with cutting-edge features and 
successfully demonstrated several of them to customers at high altitudes during HIMTECH 
2024. 
 
Development of our larger platforms, the tactical UAV and the middle-mile logistics UAV are 
on track. We continue enabling new use cases and unlocking new sectors through innovation on 
software fronts as well. We're proud of our innovation DNA and the filing of six new patents 
and grant of two new patents in this quarter exemplifies our commitment to developing cutting-
edge technologies and products in this domain. 
 
We also received the DGCA's type certification for our Q6 V2 UAV, which will enable us to 
strengthen our offerings and solutions in the Indian civil sector. We have made progress in our 
joint development with GalaxEye for fog and foliage penetration systems. As a part of our 
endeavour to create an ecosystem for drones, we partnered with Inertial Labs, a global leader in 
innovative inertial sensors and GPS systems to integrate their RESEPI LiDAR solution into our 
high-performance UAVs. 
 
This collaboration represents a significant advancement in the UAV-based LiDAR mapping 
domain, offering industries an enhanced, highly accurate, and reliable solution for mapping 
using LiDAR. Seamless integration of Inertial Labs' precise LiDAR payload with IdeaForge's 
advanced NETRA and Q6 class of UAVs will help deliver aerial data with extreme precision, 
speed, and help enable actionable insights for our end customers on ground. We've been gaining 
valuable insights from paid POCs on our Drone-as-a-Service business, even with enterprise 
customers now. 
 
And they have been helpful in our efforts to mature this model and to unlock new use cases that 
we can service using our Drone-as-a-Service opportunity. As a next step for scaling the DaaS 
business, we have recently initiated an initiative called FLYGHT Franchise, a franchise-owned, 
franchise-operated model for Drone-as-a-Service. It is designed to empower both entrepreneurs 
and organizations, allowing them to leverage cutting-edge drone technology with AI capabilities 
while benefiting from IdeaForge's comprehensive technology and support. 
 
I'm confident that it is a transformative step towards accelerating the adoption of drone 
technology to enhance security, governance, and disaster response across multiple industries in 
the country. Beyond the operational and financial benefits, the FLYGHT Franchise also enables 
franchisees to tap into diverse use cases across multiple sectors, such as traffic and parking 
management, security solutions, city planning and development, emergency response, and even 
outdoor inventory management. From the end-user's perspective, access to drone technology 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
would be in the customer's hands via India's first app-based Drone-as-a-Service model, setting 
new standards in the UAV accessibility for businesses and individuals alike. 
 
Completion of the early adopter program with a few of our customers and their feedback on our 
systems has bolstered our confidence in our ability to make significant presence in the US in the 
coming times. Our presence in the US market has attracted interest of customers from other 
geographies as well, and we are getting inquiries globally now. We are evaluating these 
opportunities and have even participated in a few sizable opportunities in this category of 
systems. 
 
From the order book perspective, there has been a shift in timeline for progress in large 
opportunities due to, as we all are aware, a reduced pace of capex spending by the government 
in the first half of the year. However, we are tracking these opportunities closely, and as we 
approach the second half of this financial year, we anticipate resumption and momentum in 
government spending that was slowed in the first half due to events like the general election. 
This should help convert the existing big pipeline and fuel ongoing opportunities, enabling us to 
scale up operations and continue delivering excellence across sectors. We continue to track our 
L1 pipeline of now more than INR300 crores and a qualified opportunity pipeline that is multiple 
times larger. Given our in-house manufacturing capabilities and mature supply base, we are well 
equipped to fulfil large-scale orders within specified delivery timelines, and on occasion, we 
have even delivered orders well ahead of schedule. 
Further, we have taken certain proactive steps for building capacity and capability for 
manufacturing and also have secured several critical items from a supply chain point of view so 
that we can fulfil even large opportunity within anticipated timelines. Our drones continue to 
gain traction and set new benchmarks across various use cases. 
Notably, during the recent floods in Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh, and in Florida in the U.S. 
after the Hurricane Milton, our drones proved invaluable by providing real-time surveillance, 
damage assessments, and guiding relief efforts with pinpoint accuracy to the officials and the 
relief operations personnel on ground. 
Additionally, our drones have become integrated and integral to wildlife protection efforts, 
preventing human-wildlife conflicts in forest areas across multiple regions. These examples 
where drones have proven crucial in moments of crisis strengthen our faith in this technology 
and motivate us to work towards making this technology as democratized as possible. 
Being a pioneer in the domestic drone industry, we would like to reiterate our commitment to 
offering unmatched performance, reliability, and commitment in service of our customers' 
missions. Our drones are now being leveraged over 550,000 flights or surveillance or mapping 
operations, particularly in India, with an IdeaForge drone taking off every four minutes. 
 
Now, I will discuss our financial performance for Q2 and H1 FY25. Our order book, as of 30th 
September, stood at approximately INR21.5 crores, with an L1 opportunity pipeline of now more 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
than INR300 crores, where we will see momentum towards conversion to orders to be built up 
soon as we progress into the second half of the financial year. 
Consolidated revenues for the current quarter stood at INR37.1 crores versus INR23.7 crores in 
Q2 FY24, and INR123.3 crores in H1 FY25 as compared to INR120.8 crores in H1 FY24. For 
the quarter, gross profit stood at INR9.1 crores, with a gross profit margin of 24.6%. For H1 
FY25, gross profit stood at INR37.8 crores, with a gross profit margin of 30.7%. 
EBITDA for the quarter was minus INR10 crores and INR minus 1.5 crores for H1 FY25. PAT 
for the quarter stood at INR minus 13.7 crores and INR minus 12.5 crores for H1 FY25. In the 
current period, the margin has been largely impacted because of increased scale of the business 
operations and a relatively lower revenue number for the quarter. 
 
The reason for lower gross profit is because of the product mix and BOQ of the product delivered 
during this period, for contract that was signed about a year back. However, we believe this is 
temporary in nature and are confident of converting our pipeline for growth in our order book 
for this financial year and beyond. 
 
Our business is driven by technology and innovation, which means that focusing on solely 
quarter-on-quarter performance misses our true growth potential. By embracing new 
developments and strategic partnerships, we are positioned to unlock substantial results in the 
coming timeframe. 
Our commitment to leveraging technological advancements will enhance our operational 
efficiency and expand our service offerings, creating significant value for our stakeholders. We 
are a dedicated team executing our vision. We are confident of achieving meaningful growth in 
the long term and maintaining our leadership in the market. 
Thank you and over to you, Parth, for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Hardik Rawat from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Hardik Rawat: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My first question was with regards to the L1 position. You 
mentioned that our L1 position is over INR300 crores. So, this would be flat from where we 
were at the end of 1Q? 
Ankit Mehta: 
It has actually gone up a little bit, but we are just currently retaining the position in terms of 
numbers. 
Hardik Rawat: 
And what would be the split between exposure to the government of India and other customers 
in this L1 position of INR300 crores? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Actually, there are a couple of sizable opportunities internationally that would cover up this 
position itself. 
Hardik Rawat: 
So, that is included in this INR300 crores? 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Ankit Mehta: 
Yes, that is included in this INR300 crores and that is something which is quite alive. Of course, 
being a large opportunity, it is expected to convert over a slightly longer period of time given 
the decision-making approaches even in other governments being similar. But yes, it is definitely 
alive and kicking. 
Hardik Rawat: 
Any colour as to what percentage would that be? Any broader ideas and more than half is 
international exposure? Basically, what I want to understand is that we understand that across 
capex, government capex spends have been slower in the first half for the reason that you 
mentioned. 
 
But what extent of our L1 position was exposed to this risk and what are our expectations going 
forward? Do we expect these orders to close in 3Q, at least the domestic ones? And what about 
the international ones? Why were they delayed? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, I think in terms of coverage, we had iterated earlier as well that we have some extra coverage 
within the L1. We have not sort of stated the entire L1 position here to have some coverage 
within this position. 
 
So, we have opportunities that would cover up pretty much the entire L1 pipeline just from the 
international opportunities itself. They have been slow because of the size of the opportunities 
and decision-making processes being perhaps similar in governments across the world. But 
overall, we do expect them to close, and we are in good position in some of these opportunities. 
 
Globally, we are the only vendor who is looking, who they have considered for providing the 
technology for drones within the opportunity. It is a much larger opportunity where drones are 
a part of the opportunity and not the only vector. 
Hardik Rawat: 
So, any firm expectations with regards to order inflows in 3Q or maybe that slippage could 
happen in the fourth quarter? The reason that I am asking is that our order book is currently at 
about INR21 crores. There is very little visibility for the third quarter revenues. 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, what has started happening, Hardik, is that we are seeing revenue opportunities within the 
Government of India and tenders have been floated that we are participating in. So, we can 
expect conversion of those opportunities within this quarter. However, as you are aware that 
some of the larger opportunities, the approvals for budgets and allocations have not happened 
yet. 
 
So, we will have to, while continue to track it very aggressively, we will have to get back to you 
in terms of where we stand at the end of the quarter, given that, that motion is yet to begin within 
the government itself. 
Hardik Rawat: 
Secondly, with regards to our export endeavours, so any updates with regards to execution that 
we have done for the US market or that remains a work in progress? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, what happened is that, for last year, we were, seeding the technology and we have had great 
feedback received on the product. There were certain hardware developments that we had to do 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
to make sure that we have a product that will be useful for that market. We have now concluded 
those developments, and we are, in a way, launching a couple of new offerings in that market, 
which will include those developments that we have done based on the feedback. 
 
And we are, also because it's also a new financial year for them, we are expecting results starting 
this quarter itself in the US market. 
Hardik Rawat: 
So, third quarter should see some revenue from the US market? 
Ankit Mehta: 
At least some orders from the market. 
Hardik Rawat: 
Some orders? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Yes. 
Hardik Rawat: 
So, execution likely to happen in the fourth quarter? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Yes, because like you're aware, we need permissions to export, etc, right? So, we'll have to, once 
we get the orders, we have to take permissions and prepare for execution. 
Hardik Rawat: 
Any material updates on the two new projects that we're working on in terms of R&D? And any, 
any tweak in the timeline that we're seeing for those developments, the middle mile logistics and 
the tactical drones? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Presently, the developments are on track in terms of timeline. I think we had earlier also 
mentioned that we are in, we have started testing the first set of mules that we built for the tactical 
drone. And we are expecting that we will test advanced, development prototypes for the same 
this quarter itself. 
 
And, hopefully, we will continue to be on track for the overall project timeline that we had 
suggested, which would definitely imply that while the development may complete in this 
financial year, we will be ready for, execution in terms of any opportunity that closes post that 
in the next financial year. And for the middle mile logistics platform, we do expect that we will 
fly an engineering prototype in the coming quarter. Not this quarter, but potentially the next 
quarter. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Rawat, I'm sorry to interrupt. 
Hardik Rawat: 
I'll get back into the queue. Sorry, I'll get back in. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Dipen Vakil from 
Phillip Capital. Please go ahead.  
Dipen Vakil: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. So my first question is, can you, if you can give us some more 
guidance as to, so you mentioned that you have your L1 position worth of INR300 crores. So if 
you can give us some quantum as to what is your entire pipeline, what kind of opportunities are 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
available in the industry? So, and where, so because that will also at some point in time come 
into yourorder book as well. So a little bit more clarity will be helpful. 
Ankit Mehta: 
Absolutely. So Dipen, like I mentioned in the opening remarks as well, that while we are, talking 
about an L1 pipeline of more than INR300 crores, we are tracking an opportunity pipeline 
overall, which is, multiple times larger than that. And these opportunities are a mix of 
opportunities, particularly currently focused on opportunities that we are targeting with respect 
to the current portfolio of products that we have and that class of products. 
 
So it's a testament to the fact that the current categories that we are in continue to remain 
important and sizable categories of, products in the Indian and the global market. And when we 
finish our development for the tactical and the middle mile logistics, those additional categories 
will open up  even larger pipeline of opportunities for us. So that is one side of what's happening. 
 
And then of course, within each category, as we develop new use cases, more opportunities get 
created in the market. And we have started to take a very solutions-oriented view of the 
opportunities. And we are working with several customers to deliver not just the drone 
technology, but the entire analytics and the solution piece so that we can help solve their 
problems comprehensively. 
 
And this becomes particularly important when you look at enterprise use cases, and it's being 
appreciated quite a bit. We are seeing a bunch of success in that direction with our Drone-as-a-
Service opportunity as well. 
Dipen Vakil: 
So what kind of execution was there in this quarter from Drone-as-a-Service segment? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Yes, so what has started happening is that earlier we were doing a lot of POCs with, government 
customers, particularly for traffic and public safety operations. This, particularly in the previous 
quarter, we have started doing POCs with a lot of enterprise customers who are looking to use 
it and deploy it for security and surveillance, we've actually helped them catch theft, ongoing 
theft activities using the platform. So it's been very effective in, mitigating certain security and 
theft related challenges. 
 
We've in fact helped them a lot even on security related, safety related challenges where we find 
that people are not wearing the necessary safety gear that can be critical for enterprises. So it's a 
very exciting phase, we are expecting that early POCs revenues will initiate this year. But as the 
Franchisee Owned Franchisee Operated model gets matured over the next six months; we expect 
that next year is going to be a meaningful year for us on the Drone-as-a-Service side. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Got it, sir. And if I can squeeze in one more question. So, so what kind of outlook are you looking 
at for the second half with respect to execution, because right now we are standing at an order 
book of just around INR21 crores. So, do we see that so the execution in third quarter will be in 
the similar lines or do we see third quarter to be much better than INR21 crores in your opinion? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, Dipen, while we are continuing to operate the run rate business that we have, we will get 
back to you in terms of the overall position for the year, etc, the moment we close any of our 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
large opportunities that we're tracking. So we'll probably be able to give you more color on that 
once we have overall execution clarity. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Okay. So, one last question. This is more on the industry perspective. So, we are looking at that 
there is a PLI scheme coming in and also government is encouraging more and more indigenous. 
At the same time, there were some news articles wherein some drone companies or some drone 
by the defense segment, where there were some technical difficulties and there were some 
incidences which have happened. So, what kind of repercussions does that company face when 
such an event happens? So, does that delay, does that put them into blacklist or there's some 
delay into the approval process? What kind of events have come after that? 
Ankit Mehta: 
See, typically in terms of execution we do not see any repercussions because see ultimately 
whenever the asset is in the hands of the end customer, it's an asset that the end customer owns. 
And OEMs collaborate very closely with the end customer to ensure that any of the challenges 
that they may face are mitigated effectively and from the point of view of the challenges that 
you saw on the indigenization side and some of the other issues like I mentioned.  
Finally, the government is looking at now getting into evaluating what is the technology being 
delivered under the hood of the overall solution that is being offered and that's a great sign for 
any business that is doing a very, very in-depth indigenous development and has greater control 
over the technology. And that particularly puts us in an overall positive spot. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Got it sir. This was really helpful. Thank you and all the best. 
Ankit Mehta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Nikhil Gupta, who is an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Gupta: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, Ankit, again, this question is related to the understanding 
more about the industry. So, I know that ideaForge’s mantra is either the world's best or world's 
first technology solution. So, can you please highlight the solution we are working on the middle 
mile? So how much advance it is to the current standards and how many players and what is the 
best technology we have currently at this moment? You can just briefly describe the industry? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Thanks, Nikhil. It's a great question. When we look at the middle mile opportunity within 
logistics, as you can imagine there are several ways in which one could address the problem. For 
example, one could address the problem of regional mobility where you are carrying goods from 
one city to another city, or one could carry the problem of operating in high altitude 
environments and doing short range missions with a small payload.  
What we have done in IdeaForge is we have taken a very challenging problem to solve. We have 
taken the problem of doing relatively long-range operation at high altitude with a very sizable 
load of 100 kilos and be able to take it at high altitudes to about 100 plus kilometers. So, it's a 
very challenging problem and therefore in order to solve that challenging problem, we have had 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
to innovate very deeply because it just does not come with the constraint of the load carrying 
capacity, but we have taken the constraint of building it in a certain weight limitation.  
We have taken the constraint of building it in a certain size limitation as well that allows us to 
operationalize the technology potentially in far larger number of terrains that are available across 
board. So, we have taken a challenging problem and the solution to that challenging problem 
has had to be very innovative. It is a concept that is not an obvious concept. We will reveal that 
concept at the right time, but we believe that we are building something very unique, and it is 
not a problem statement that we have yet encountered people solving at this size and scale. 
Nikhil Gupta: 
In short, we are innovating for higher altitudes and long distances which will be much more than 
current solutions in the middle mile? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Yes.  
Nikhil Gupta: 
Okay. And can you just provide the benchmark for the current solutions? What is the average 
altitude and the average distance the solutions have? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, for example, whatever the government has brought in that broad sense for high altitude 
presently is looking at carrying between 10 to 20 kgs at a distance of 10 odd kilometers at an 
altitude of close to about 3,000-3,500 meters. We are taking that challenge to make that 
significantly higher, even higher altitude. So, the challenge we have taken is a much bigger 
challenge as compared to what is being inducted presently. 
Nikhil Gupta: 
Understood. One last question from my side. So, how do you see IdeaForge going into the urban 
air mobility going forward 4 years, 5 years? 
Ankit Mehta: 
It is definitely an area that is of keen interest to us, and we do believe that the presence in the 
middle mile logistics market allows us that segment at the right time.  
Nikhil Gupta: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikram, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Vikram: 
Yes. Hi. Good morning. So, your revenue from operations is say up 50% Y-o-Y, but your cost 
of materials and changes in inventories are up 100%. Could you explain that, please? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, Vikram, last year we were executing a different set of opportunities. So, the product mix at 
that time was different and this year we were executing a different opportunity, and this 
particular opportunity is something that signed up about a year back. It was bid very 
competitively. And therefore, the biggest impact is of the delivery of that opportunity in the 
overall revenue mix that you see. And that's the reason why the numbers are different from the 
year-on-year. 
 
And that's also the reason why we particularly articulate this in all our earning calls that it is very 
challenging for us to be compared Q-on-Q and Y-on-Y, because the orders being delivered and 
the mix being delivered becomes quite variable, because of executing on specific opportunity. 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Vikram: 
But ideally, they should be matched, right? The revenue and the cost should have a matching 
concept, right? 
Ankit Mehta: 
It is not that linear for us, Vikram, because it's not the same product being delivered. 
Vikram: 
No, that I understand. But if you're getting a higher revenue for a different product, then 
automatically the cost will be higher and vice versa, right? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, the way -- so I'm not able to exactly, track what you are asking, could you repeat your 
question once again, Vikram? 
Vikram: 
So, broadly, I'm saying that it's a matching concept, right? So, if your top line, you are delivering 
a higher value or a different kind of a product, and automatically those costs are higher, then 
they will be matched year-on-year, right? But here there is a, like the revenue is only grown 
50%, but costs are grown much higher. So, are you, as per accounting, you have a matching 
concept, right? So, are you, I mean ideally, it should not be the case. 
Ankit Mehta: 
Vikram, what happens is, let's say, for example, I have a product X, and product X, when sold 
at certain volumes, will have a certain margin profile, right? And a product Y may have a certain 
margin profile when sold at different volumes, right? So, we have to look at that as the driver 
overall. 
 
So, this is a very large opportunity, large quantity delivery that we had to do. And therefore, the 
margin when we bid for the opportunity was kept at a place where we could be assured of 
winning the opportunity given the overall tendering ecosystem in the country. We have to bid 
competitively  at all times. 
Vikram: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreyas, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Shreyas: 
Hi, Ankit, my question is about Drone-as-a-Service. What industry are we looking at, or are we 
looking at any industrial solutions, or it will be only traffic-related drone solutions? And when 
we are seeing at the civil aspects of applications of drone, what are the areas we are exploring 
on that? Any, like say, structural or electrical towers inspection? Are we getting those kinds of 
inquiries, or do we have a product for that? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Sure. So, it's a great question, Shreyas. We are not just, at least now, looking at, traffic 
management or other opportunities as a service. Public safety was the initial vector where we 
have proven the capabilities of our Drone-as-a-Service technology. However, now we are 
increasingly seeing use of this technology in many security and surveillance scenarios for 
industrial use cases, where industries, mining agencies are looking at securing their perimeter 
given the kind of challenges they are facing on ground with respect to both security and safety 
and theft and many other issues. 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
 
So, there are green shoots of that happening very effectively at this point in time. And then, in 
terms of inspection as a use case, we are developing inspection as a use case. Presently, it is not 
a part of our Drone-as-a-Service offering. We are developing it as a use case for our products. 
The concept of operations for inspection as a use case is quite different, and it needs a lot of 
proximity to the asset for the operation to be safely conducted. 
 
And that's the reason why the inspection in terms of the tower inspection is still something that 
we are working and evolving, and we are seeing opportunities in that side as well. However, to 
look at power line inspections from the point of view of vegetation management and right-of-
way inspections, I think those use cases can be very well enabled with our current Drone-as-a-
Service opportunity in that. 
Shreyas: 
And one question about as we have launched Drone-as-a-Service, how many partnerships or like 
onboarding of the partners we are able to do, or we are targeting on that aspect? 
Ankit Mehta: 
The opportunity is very large. Think of the entire country and particularly the urban areas as an 
opportunity here. And we have just started inviting applications for bringing on partners who 
can help us scale this for the entire country. We already have dozens of inquiries, but of course, 
as you know, that conversions will take their own time, as well as take their own evaluation 
methodology. However, we are seeing a lot of interest, and we are very excited to offer this 
capability across the entire length and breadth of our country. 
Shreyas: 
And so when we are saying for this civil cases, so we are having different payloads for that, 
because I suppose the tools would change when we have this civil industrial application, is it? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Yes, absolutely. So, our platforms when they get type certified as well, they get certified with 
multiple payloads. So, that option does exist with the end customer to leverage the technology 
across multiple payloads. 
Shreyas: 
And so these payloads are kind of interchangeable or it depends like? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Yes. So, they are modular payloads. One can swap one payload out for the other to deliver the 
usable outcome to the end user. 
Shreyas: 
Okay. Thanks and we wish you best of luck. 
Ankit Mehta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Miten Lathia from Fractal Capital Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Miten Lathia: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So, while we appreciate the point that you are making that, you 
do not have one homogeneous product that you sell year-after-year or quarter-after-quarter and 
hence things are not comparable. When we stack H1 FY23, H1 FY24 and H1 FY25 side-by-
side, on broadly the same turnover, our EBITDA margin is down from 47% to 32% to minus 
1.2%. So, should we then read into this that the construct of the industry segment or the sub-

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
segment that we are operating in has become that much more competitive and hence those 
historical margins are not sort of fair to assume anytime going forward? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Miten, it's a great question and analysis. No, it is not true because, many of these opportunities, 
how it happens in our industry is that the customer will induct a specific technology for a specific 
use case, and they will try it out in that use case before they adopt it for the greater scale of their 
operations. 
And typically, the timeline between the evaluation cycle and the new procurement is one of the 
gaps that you will see. So, you will see that some of these opportunities come back into the cycle 
once exploitation of the technology has started and at that time, the mix can again evolve in a 
different direction. 
And when it comes to competitiveness, within what we have to look at is the overall, the way 
the ecosystem is developing. In fact, I would argue that it's actually going to become slightly 
less competitive now because once the customer starts looking under the hood, people no longer 
have the ability to merely slap anything which is available at the lowest cost. 
 
They have to look at the country of origin of the technology. They have to make sure that the 
national security interest is also kept into mind when building technology. And therefore, we 
will see that it will mature the industry quite a bit and it will make it a much safer industry from 
a national security point of view, which also implies that everyone cannot come in without that 
depth of understanding of the industry. 
 
So, I would say that again, competitiveness with these movements is actually gone in the right 
direction for the industry while securing our national interests. So, for both the points it is not 
linearly comparable, particularly because of the cycles of procurement, induction, and then 
reordering that we end up getting into the end customer. 
And so, and that's one of the reasons why our pipeline in that one sense is significantly healthier 
as compared to what we are seeing on ground right now. 
Miten Lathia: 
You're saying the mix of the pipeline is much different from the mix of the order executed on 
H1 this year? And hence, going forward, EBITDA margins should be far healthier than what we 
are seeing right now? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Yes, yes. As the orders close, we should see improvement. 
Miten Lathia: 
Thank you. I'll get back in with you. Thank you. 
Ankit Mehta: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Garvita from Seven Island PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Garvita: 
Hello. Hi, sir. Good morning. I wanted to understand if you could please give the bifurcation 
between the revenue by sales and revenue by product, like what I mean by this. I want to 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
understand that how much is the revenue from the manufacturing and how much is the revenue 
from DaaS? 
Ankit Mehta: 
From? 
Garvita: 
From Drone-as-a-Service 
Ankit Mehta: 
Yes. Presently, Garvita, the revenue from DaaS opportunities is a very small fraction because 
like I said, we've sort of only last quarter started to do certain enterprise use cases, which we 
believe will add up over this year. We do expect to do more than INR1 crore in revenue this year 
because these are early days for our POCs as well. But next year onwards, we should start seeing 
good improvement in revenue from products. 
Garvita: 
Okay. So major strengths for revenue for you, sir, one is manufacturing, one is the Drone-as—
a-Service, and what are the other streams for revenue for you, sir? 
Ankit Mehta: 
We do have support revenue that comes in from the product support that we offer to our end 
customers. So that's another vector of revenue for us and spare parts as well.  
Garvita: 
Okay. 
Ankit Mehta: 
And essentially, AMC revenue is also there. 
Garvita: 
Which revenue? 
Ankit Mehta: 
AMC, Annual Maintenance Contract. 
Garvita: 
Okay. And the products or the equipments or the parts of the drones, which are used in the 
manufacturing, from where do we import those products? Are they all like imports from foreign 
countries or some are available in-house or so? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, there is a large portion of our bill of materials that is actually indigenous. It is sourced from 
Indian vendors. And increasingly, the percentage of input from global vendors is becoming 
much smaller. Having said that we do build most of the technology in-house. So what we get 
from our vendors is usually subsystem level capability, which typically is designed to our 
specifications as well. And therefore, we have a very large control over the overall spec and the 
overall technology stack in this industry. 
Garvita: 
Okay. Thank you so much, sir. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Hardik Rawat from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Hardik Rawat: 
Thanks for the opportunity again. One of the questions, like I wanted a broader understanding 
you mentioned that the EBITDA margins going forward should be better based on the mix that 
we are seeing in the L1 position and the order pipeline that we have. Any indication as to what 
EBITDA margins we could achieve in FY25-26 broadly based on the L1 position and pipeline? 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, Hardik, the blended numbers, like I had mentioned, and now we have to, of course, see what 
actually when the pipeline converts, and we are able to execute. But having said that, with that 
caveat, I think we were expecting to track numbers equivalent to our performance last year on 
those vectors. 
Hardik Rawat: 
So last year as in around 17%, 18% is the expectation? 
Ankit Mehta: 
That was, I think, the PAT number, but the… 
Vipul Joshi: 
Hardik, the EBITDA that we were tracking was about 25% to 30%. Vipul here. 
Hardik Rawat: 
Hi, Vipul. Okay. Understood. One last question was with regards to our expectations. Now, we 
understand that it has been a rough quarter. And so, are there any changes in our expectations 
with regards to FY25? Do we still plan -- we were earlier envisaging growth in FY25. Do you 
think that that still remains? 
Vipul Joshi: 
Hardik, we are awaiting the closures on the order that we are tracking. And depending on when 
these finally get executed in the timeline that we are left with to overall execute, we will come 
back to you and the overall market as well to communicate our positioning for this year. 
Hardik Rawat: 
All right. That helps. Thank you so much. 
Vipul Joshi: 
Thank you, Hardik. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Sahil Vora from M&S Association. 
Please go ahead. 
Sahil Vora: 
Hi. So I just had a couple of questions, but largely they have been answered. So just one question 
from my side. So internationally, how are we placed? As I understand, we have good interest for 
our products when it comes to quality. But is there a slowdown in US market as well, or how is 
the scenario in the international market in general? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, in fact, slowdown -- it's the exact opposite of slowdown, Sahil, in terms of the market and 
the opportunity there because the global wars and several of these geographies are participating 
in those wars. So overall, there is an uptick and there is a huge uptick in preparing for any 
eventual conflict that is being seen globally. Of course, in terms of our ability to capitalize on 
that, it is dependent on us making sure that the products that we have are contextual to their 
approach and their requirements. 
And that's the phase in which we are presently, we are discovering certain changes that we would 
need to do in our products, merely because of the method that they have employed for deploying 
them. I will not necessarily venture out to say it is superior or inferior, it is just a different method 
of employing the technology. So we have worked through that over the last six months. And we 
are, like I mentioned, soon going to come up with products that are more suitable for the 
geographies from both the pricing and the technology point of view. 
Sahil Vora: 
Understood. Thank you so much, sir, and all the best. 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Ashish Jindal, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Jindal: 
Good morning, sir. Sir, given that the drone orders are intermittent and even competition is high 
on a global scale, how does the company plan to maintain a competitive edge? And also, sir, in 
the longer term, is there a strategy to innovate or expand into other, let's say, defense-related 
products, or some complementary technology areas to enhance revenue stability and leverage 
our competencies? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So in terms of global competition, Ashish, what is very interesting is that, like I mentioned, there 
is an increased scrutiny globally, with respect to the nature of the technology that is embedded 
in the product that is being supplied, right? So given that, scrutiny, competitiveness, from the 
standpoint of, what was prevalent earlier, where everyone and anyone was looking at entering 
the space, that barrier has gone up, right? Globally, people are looking at alternative, 
technologies, and it takes longer for people to develop products, because they have to make sure 
that the supply chains are not emanating from geographies of concern. 
 
So that means, the scenario isn't necessarily hinting towards increasing in terms of number of 
players, while they do keep, coming up new players, but the intensity has definitely reduced 
globally. And in terms of our ability to be competitive in that market and those opportunities, I 
would say that our country has had a unique advantage where we are building technologies that 
work in more extreme environments than what typically we are finding people build for in the 
western world as well. 
 
And therefore, our ability to operate in very low negative temperatures, our ability to operate in 
high altitudes, many of these vectors are quite, attractive to our potential customers globally. 
And it is something that we are seeing interest in, and we are working with our customers to 
demonstrate the technology in those environments, which are equivalent to the environment that 
we have here. And that is one of the areas where we will differentiate quite heavily. And what 
also happens is that it is not just about building the technology that survives in that environment, 
but it is also about delivering a meaningful mission there. 
And our impetus and our focus on delivering high performance on our technology is a big 
instrument for them to do operations in those conditions with meaningful outcomes expected at 
the end, so I think our competitive advantage does emanate from that sector. And it is visible 
out there when our products perform almost two to three times better in terms of lifetime as 
compared to the typical systems that are in operational use there. 
Ashish Jindal: 
And Sir my next question was that if we are trying to innovate or expand into some other 
technologies also? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So in terms of related technology areas, I think we have a little bit of a focus in the short term, 
Ashish, from the point of view of doing things which are connected to our ecosystem. We are 
working with a large, we are creating a larger ecosystem where more use cases, more innovations 
can connect with our platform so that we can make sure that the efforts that we are doing can go 
to a much larger customer base. That is something that's definitely being done, and we are 
unlocking more and more opportunities within this space. 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
 
In so far as expanding into other areas serving a specific customer, no, at this point in time, we 
don't have that mindset. We want to remain focused, and we believe that the future for drone 
technology and its adoption is an inevitable future. If we persevere and we continue to build the 
right technology, the right products, it is in itself a very, very large opportunity that we can grow 
into. 
Ashish Jindal: 
Okay, Sir, and I have heard other managements talk about the anti-drone opportunity. Are we 
doing something for it at IdeaForge? 
Ankit Mehta: 
See, as a participant in the overall drone ecosystem of which anti-drones also form a part of, we 
may in future build technologies that can participate in countering the threat. We will also be 
participating in this overall space by being a whitelisted entity for our customers because the 
same customer who wants to deploy counter-drone technology wants to use drones as well for 
their end effects. 
 
So, it is a pretty much a sister, I would say technology area, and we will be more and more 
collaborative, number one, and eventually participative as well, in so far as countering the tech 
is concerned or in the form of maybe delivering aerial methods of detection. And as our payloads 
become more sophisticated, some of this will be available for delivery as well. 
Ashish Jindal: 
Sir, is it in idea stage or we have done some significant contributions for it? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Presently, we have not even started on that journey, Ashish, because we've been focused on the 
opportunities on the drone side that we are seeing a real need for on-ground as well. 
Ashish Jindal: 
Okay, thank you, sir. Thank you for your time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Gupta, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Nikhil Gupta: 
Yes, a very quick follow-up from my side. So, Ankit, you mentioned that currently on the middle 
mile, the government has bought solutions which has the current, the capacity of 10 to 20 kgs. 
But I believe the current solution which we are building has an overall weight of 50 kgs, and it 
can carry, I think, up to 10 to 15 kgs. So, is there anything wrong in my understanding? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Yes, Nikhil. So, we are building two platforms, Nikhil. One platform that we are building is the 
tactical platform, which is targeted to have a load-bearing capacity of around 10 kilos for about 
a 50 km range of operation. The objective for this platform is not necessarily logistics as the 
primary end goal. However, the middle mile logistics drone platform is a platform that's going 
to be about, 10 times heavier than the tactical platform, where we are looking to load up to about 
100 plus kilos to 100 plus kilometers. So, I think these are two different platforms, if at all, 
Nikhil. 
Nikhil Gupta: 
I understand. So, middle mile is around the weight of 500 kgs, right? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Yes. 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Nikhil Gupta: 
Thank you so much. Understood. 
Nikhil Gupta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, this would be the last question for today. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ankit Mehta for closing comments. Over to you, 
sir. 
Ankit Mehta: 
Thank you, everyone, for participating in this earnings call. As a team, I hope that we've been 
able to address and answer your questions. And we're looking forward to engaging in the next 
results as well. Thank you. And once again, wishing everyone a very happy Diwali in advance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of IdeaForge Technology Limited, that 
concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 
