Vimta Labs Limited
Registered Office
142, IDA Phase II, Cherlapally
Hyderabad-500 051 ,Telangana, India
T:+91 4027264141
P : +91 402726 3657
Vi
a
Driven by Quality. Inspired by Science.
VLL\SE\062\2024-25
Date: 12.11.2024
B S E Limited,
PJ Towers, Dalal Street,
Mumbai: 400001.
Scrip Code No.524394
Dear Sir/Madam,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
“Exchange Plaza”, Bandra,
Kurla Complex, Bandra (E,
Mumbai
400051.
Trading Symbol: VIMTALABS
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015.
Sub: Transcript of the HI /Q2-2024-25 earnings/investor call held on 08th November 2024.
Please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the H1/Q2 2024-25 earnings/investor call held on
Friday, 08hh1 November 2024.
Further, pursuant to Regulation 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements
Regulations, 2015 the aforesaid information is available on the websice of the Company i.e.,
https: vimta.cornlinvestor-earnings-call
This is for your information and necessary records.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For VIMTA LABS LIMITED
Sujani Vasireddi
Company Secretary
End: as above.
Life Sciences Campus, #5, MN Science & Technology Park, Genome Valley, Shamirpet, Hyderabad -500101, Telangana, India
T: +91 40 6740 4040 E : mdoffice@vimta.com URL : www.vimta.com
CIN : L24110TG1990PLC011977
SUJANI 
VASIREDDI
Digitally signed by 
SUJANI VASIREDDI 
Date: 2024.11.12 
17:41:59 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
 
“Vimta Labs Limited 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. HARITA VASIREDDI – MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
MR. SATYA SREENIVAS NEERUKONDA – EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR  
 
MR. NARAHARI NAIDU – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MS. SUJANI VASIREDDI – COMPANY SECRETARY  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VISHAL MANCHANDA – SYSTEMATIX 
INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Vimta Labs Limited
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Vimta Labs Limited Quarter 2 FY '25 
Conference Call hosted by Systematix Institutional Equities. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference 
call is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vishal Manchanda from Systematix Institutional Equities. 
Over to you, sir. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Thank you, Siddhant. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Systematix Institutional Equity, 
I welcome you to the Q2 FY '25 Earnings Call of Vimta Lab. 
 
We thank the Vimta Lab management for giving us an opportunity to host the call. Today, we 
have with us the senior management of the company represented by Harita Vasireddi, Managing 
Director; Mr. Satya Sreenivas Neerukonda, Executive Director; Mr. Narahari Naidu, Chief 
Financial Officer; and Mr. Sujani Vasireddi, Company Secretary. I'll now hand over the call to 
the company management for opening remarks. Over to you. 
Narahari Naidu: 
Thank you, Vishal. Good afternoon, and a very warm welcome to our Q2 FY '25 earnings call. 
Our investor presentation and the financial results are available on the company website and on 
the stock exchanges. Please note that anything said on this call, which reflects our outlook for 
the future or which could be construed as a forward-looking statement must be reviewed in 
conjunction with the risks which the company faces. The conference call is being recorded, and 
the transcript along with the audio of the same, will be made available on the website of the 
company as well as on the stock exchanges. 
 
Please also note that the audio of the conference call is the corporate material of Vimta Labs 
Limited and cannot be copied, rebroadcasted or attributed in the press or media without specific 
or written consent of the company. Now I would request our Managing Director; Ms. Harita 
Vasireddi, to provide you with the updates on the quarter ended September 2024 financial 
results. 
Harita Vasireddi: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining our Q2 and H1 financial year '25 
earnings call. The first half of the financial year 2025 was good according to the market response 
and the way we have delivered our services. The Indian economy demonstrated positive 
movement with growth driven by robust domestic demand, infrastructure spending and 
government-led initiatives. 
 
The manufacturing sector saw substantial growth poised by increased exports and the success of 
the PLI scheme. Service sectors such as IT, financial services and retail also performed well. 
However, inflationary pressures and global economic uncertainties pose some risks. Despite 
these challenges, India's economic fundamentals remain solid, positioning it as one of the fastest-
growing economies in the world. 

 
 
 
Vimta Labs Limited
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
 
Coming to the TIC, testing, inspection and certification and CRO industries we operate in, based 
on moderate growth driven by continuing demand for stronger compliance and the quality 
assurance across various sectors, including manufacturing and health care. However, economic 
uncertainties and inflationary pressures have tempered the overall expansion. Talking about the 
quarter and the business highlights. Vimta Labs witnessed very good year-on-year growth of 
26.4%. This was primarily led by our pharmaceutical services, which continue to drive our 
business. 
 
Overall, we saw good traction across all our verticals and would like to highlight that our new 
life sciences facility will be commercialized from third quarter. The clinical trial services had a 
positive impact on our revenue. This being one of our growth drivers, we are confident that these 
services will bring in good performance in the years to come. 
 
Looking at the food testing services, we witnessed a slack in the business due to certain factors, 
which we feel would stabilize in the coming quarters. On the electronics and electrical testing, 
there continues to be new products coming in for testing in our lab and these services too have 
performed well for us. 
 
We are also in the process of expanding the space for electronics testing at our Life Sciences 
specialty in Hyderabad. We are adding a new EMI/EMC chamber to further gear up to the market 
requirements. As per the press release published on August 30, 2024, Vimta Labs has divested 
the diagnostics services business to Thyrocare Technologies Ltd. This decision allows us to 
sharpen our focus on our core services and optimize resources for sustained growth, which will 
result in a significant improvement, as you see in our financials, which our CFO, Mr. Narahari 
Naidu, will take you through in a bit. Looking ahead, we are optimistic on all the services we 
offer. And with the growth drivers in place, we are confident that we will achieve our near-term 
target of INR500 crores. 
 
With this brief overview, I now hand over the call to Narahari to walk you through the financials. 
Over to you, Narahari. 
Narahari Naidu: 
Thank you, Ms. Harita. Now I would like to walk you through the consolidated financial 
performance for the quarter ended 30th September 2024. After which, we can open the floor for 
question and answers. Before I start discussing the financials, I would like to highlight, that the 
previous period figures for P&L items have been regrouped to ensure comparability with the 
current period basis the announcement of sale of Diagnostics and Pathological Services business 
on 30th August 2024. 
 
I'll start with the consolidated financial highlights for the quarter. Total income for quarter 2 FY 
'25 stood at INR854 million as compared to INR676 million in Q2 of FY '24, up by 26.4% Y-o-
Y. EBITDA stood at INR306 million in Q2 FY '25 as compared to INR194 million in Q2 FY 
'24, up by about 57% on a Y-o-Y basis. EBITDA margins for the quarter stood at 35.8%. Earlier, 
the margins were in the range of 23% to 30%, which has now significantly improved. Profit after 
tax in Q2 FY '25 stood at INR170 million as compared to INR81 million in Q2 of FY '24, a 
growth of more than 100% on a Y-o-Y basis. PAT margins for the quarter stood close to 20%. 

 
 
 
Vimta Labs Limited
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
 
Moving on to half year performance. Revenue from operations for H1 of FY '25 stood at 
INR1,610 million as compared to INR1,439 million in H1 of FY '24. This roughly translates to 
a growth of 12% on Y-o-Y basis. EBITDA stood at INR572 million in H1 of FY '25 as compared 
to INR468 million in H1 of FY '24. This translates to EBITDA margins of 35.5%. Profit after 
tax in H1 FY '25 stood at INR309 million as compared to INR226 million of H1 FY '24. 
 
On the balance sheet side, we continue to have net debt-free balance sheet with cash and cash 
equivalents, including other bank deposits of close to INR28 crores. Our total debt stands at 
INR116 million as on 30 September 2024, with a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.03x. Capex for the 
quarter stood at INR30 crores. We continue to maintain our capex guidance of INR90 crores for 
FY '25. With that, we can now open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our first question is from the line of Viraj Mehta from Enigma.    
Viraj Mehta: 
 My first question is regarding the divestment of diagnostics. I can see the loss that you have 
mentioned in the quarterly run rate, but in a sense, is it safe to assume that if you take out 
diagnostic this very high margin of mid-30 percentage points is more or less sustainable for 
Vimta. Is it a fair way to think about this? 
Narahari Naidu: 
Yes, as you rightly said,  the numbers what you are referring for Diagnostics business what we 
had reported, excluding that, the margins are sustainable around 35%. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Okay. And sir, Ma'am mentioned that we are looking at INR500 crores in near term. And we 
have already mentioned, we'll be able to do it in FY '26. So are we on track for to do that? 
Harita Vasireddi: 
Yes, we are still on track to do that. 
Viraj Mehta: 
So ma'am, we are in FY '25. So, FY '26, you are saying that we would be at a quarterly run rate 
of INR125 crores from INR80 plus crores this quarter. The only reason I'm asking this is because 
when we mentioned INR500 crores, we also had diagnostics in our business. Now that, that is 
gone, do you take out some money like do you take out INR30 crores, INR40 crores from our 
ambition, or we are still looking at INR500 crores? 
Harita Vasireddi: 
Yes, I think we would have to remove that 9% of the pie that Diagnostics was occupying. But 
having said that, the I'm pretty confident that we will hit that run rate during the next financial 
year. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Okay. And as a company, that incremental INR40 crores revenue if you take a quarterly INR40 
crores incremental revenue that you thought that we will hit by Q3, Q4 of next year. Where do 
you see incrementally a large portion or where are the higher portion of that incremental revenue 
you think will come from? Which part of the businesses? 
Harita Vasireddi: 
The growth will come from all the business units according to the portion of business they 
currently contribute to. Like for example, pharmaceutical still remains the dominant business 
for us. So majority of the growth will come from there in terms of absolute numbers. But our 
other divisions are also gearing up to deliver a very strong growth in the next few years. 

 
 
 
Vimta Labs Limited
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Viraj Mehta: 
Makes sense. And ma'am, my last question is, when we go from INR85 crores quarterly revenue 
as in basically INR27 crores, INR30 crores monthly revenues to INR40 crores kind of monthly 
revenue with such high gross margin business, what kind of operating margin or operating 
leverage do you think will play out in the business as that revenue can be a company of 30%, 
40% margin or even higher? 
Harita Vasireddi: 
That is a little tricky to answer in a straightforward manner because when your top line grows, 
then the economies of scale hit in. But then after a certain time, you would need fresh capacities 
to be added. So, it is kind of a go in a slightly wave fashion. So I won't be able to accurately 
answer that. But the margins that you're seeing now are sustainable. 
Narahari Naidu: 
Yes. I'll just add on to that. The reason why we are not commenting on a higher EBITDA margins 
is that because we are having addition of capacity, which is going to commence from quarter 3. 
And it would take a little more time for us to fully occupy it. So until then, we were very happy 
to maintain margins around the current levels. And once we reach a critical volume of INR450 
crores around, probably at that point in time, we'll have to relook to have -- if we can have higher 
margins or not. But as such, we are way above the industry average margins currently. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Sure. And ma'am last, I just wanted your comment on our food initiative for the government. 
What is the monthly run rate there? I mean we have been much lower than our anticipation when 
we put it up. So has there been any improvement there? And what is our future for that? 
Harita Vasireddi: 
Yes. There is a betterment of revenues there. But I would still say it is significantly lower than 
what we had anticipated. But it has kind of stabilized where it is for now. So we will -- we don't 
have any forecasting on that side of revenue. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Congratulations for a great set of numbers. So my first question was on, if we look at our 
performance, as you have said in your initial commentary, that food continues to remain a bit 
sluggish. So that the top line growth, if we remove the diagnostic business performance in last 
year's performance is primarily driven by pharma is what we can infer because the rest of the 
segments are pretty small to make much of a dent on our overall numbers. 
Harita Vasireddi: 
Yes, but what is the question? 
Ankit Gupta: 
Is the growth that we are seeing or the run rate of around INR85 crores that we have seen in this 
quarter, the growth is largely driven by the pharma? 
Harita Vasireddi: 
Yes, it is largely driven by pharma, and you're right, the other segments, except for food are too 
small to have a significant impact on the absolute number. And food also is mostly due to internal 
reasons. We are shifting from the existing facility to the new facility that we have built in life 
sciences. So there is inevitably a little slowdown in operations. And since it's the retail kind of 
business, there is a little impact on that side of the business. 

 
 
 
Vimta Labs Limited
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure, sure. And sir, if you can talk about this -- the BIOSECURE Act, and how it is going to 
impact us. Are we seeing increased inquiries over the past few months and increased traction 
with the existing and new clients? 
Harita Vasireddi: 
Yes, there is a positive impact of that regulation in U.S. that we see here, some big corporations, 
MNCs, have reached out to us. There could be a possible partnership, but these are all still in 
very early explorative stages. We think that the momentum could pick up in the upcoming 
quarters or maybe a year or so. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Ma'am, this INR85 crores run rate has now become -- like normally we are seeing that because 
of some capacity constraints, we were not -- we were facing some challenges on the growth 
because there was some slowdown in the U.S. pharma segment. So now given how things are 
looking at the new additional capacity coming in our life sciences campus INR85 crores run rate 
is a new base now from where we can see our growth hopefully over the next few quarters? 
Harita Vasireddi: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ankeet Pandya from Incred AMC. 
Ankeet Pandya: 
Congratulations on great set of numbers. Ma'am, just 2 questions. So firstly, on the top line 
growth, we have seen top line growth driven by the pharma segment. So can you give more -- 
can you throw some light on what has worked for us during the quarter? And like just 
directionally over the next few quarters and like 2 years, how are you looking at the pharma 
sector. And secondly, you mentioned in the opening comments that there's some challenges were 
faced in the food segment. So if you can highlight what -- if it's possible to highlight what were 
the challenges that we faced in the food segment? 
Harita Vasireddi: 
Sure. In the pharmaceutical services, we have preclinical services, we have clinical research 
services and also analytical services. So in this quarter, all 3 of them have picked up on the 
revenue side. Clinical research especially got a boost because of the clinical trials that we started. 
And on the analytical side also, the investments that we have made on the biopharma side  we 
are starting to see returns on those investments. And pre clinical also has shown growth during 
the quarter. So all 3 segments have helped push the pharmaceutical revenues quite well. 
 
And on the food side, I was explaining earlier, it's mostly internal reasons. One of our labs in -- 
that we had in Pune, we shifted to Nashik. So there was a temporary gap. There still is a little bit 
of a temporary gap of revenues from that lab location. And here also in the Hyderabad 
headquarters lab, we are shifting the food testing services from our existing life sciences building 
to the new building that we have built. 
 
So it's in transition phase. So during transition, the equipment have to be shut down, and they 
have to be installed at the new location, so they have to be validated again. So we are trying to 
do this very, very slowly, but it does have a little impact on the operational capacities, day-to-
day capacity. So therefore, the factors are more internal than external on the food business. 

 
 
 
Vimta Labs Limited
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Ankeet Pandya: 
So ma'am, on the food side, will it be right to say that like was there a loss of business that can 
like transfer to the next quarter or something like on those lines? Will be that right way to look 
at it? 
Harita Vasireddi: 
As of now, I won't say there is a loss. But even if it was there, it could be a temporary transfer 
because it's like a retail business, we are not available to give the report in 3 days. And then, of 
course, they will have to look for that testing service somewhere else. So that little chance that 
little risk is there, but we have good relationships, especially with our large customers. So there 
shouldn't be a long-term impact of this. 
Ankeet Pandya: 
Okay. And on the pharma side, to bring on the clinical Preclinical that we have recently started. 
So again, I think the momentum that will be one of the key sort of like the bulk up in the revenue 
going forward that we can see on the quarterly basis. 
Harita Vasireddi: 
We have actually just begun the first trial. The first trial is going very well. So more projects 
have to be added and the efforts are on the first few ones may not come one after the other in a 
very successive manner. There might be some gaps, but it will pick up. 
Ankeet Pandya: 
And ma'am 1 last question on the bookkeeping. So in the balance sheet or in the other financial 
liabilities, there's an increase from INR24 crores to INR45 crores. So anything to read in those 
numbers? 
Narahari Naidu: 
On other financial liabilities, so this is because of capex expenditure. There are certain capex-
related vendors, which were not due payment, but which were accrued as a payment liability.  
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Milan Shah from Urmil Research Consultancy. 
Milan Shah: 
What is the content of export in current quarter business and in a half year? 
Narahari Naidu: 
So typically, our export is in the range of 25% to 30%.   This quarter also, there is no exception 
to that general percentage. 
Milan Shah: 
Okay. And after third quarter once our expansion is on, then it is a chance to increase the export 
revenue. 
Harita Vasireddi: 
It has no direct connection between expansion and export revenue. So the typical trend has been 
around those numbers. It's a continuous and we were to increase those numbers. Fortunately for 
us, the India market is also very strong. We are able to drive good growth both domestically and 
internationally. 
Milan Shah: 
Okay. And electrical and electronic side, we are going through an expansion in big way or this 
is slowly we are going to add it? 
Harita Vasireddi: 
We have created a space to add 1 more EMI/EMC chamber. The chamber also is ordered, but it 
has a long lead time. So we expect the installation of the new chamber to be done maybe around 
Q4 or early next year. 

 
 
 
Vimta Labs Limited
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Vignesh Iyer from Sequent Investments. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Sir, actually, I think in the initial part of the call. So after the understanding, we are targeted to 
do INR500 crores next year, is that correct? 
Harita Vasireddi: 
Yes. We want to at least reach for the run rate of INR500 crores in next year. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
And ma'am in the new facility, should we expect the margins to be in the similar level in the 
pharma and the food segment at an overall level? 
Harita Vasireddi: 
EBITDA margins, yes. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Zaki Nasir, who is an individual investor. 
Zaki Nasir: 
Ma'am, congratulations to you and your team under a phenomenal set of numbers, ma'am. I 
would want you to throw some light on this electronic testing facility, which 1 is on, and you 
have order for the another one. How do you foresee this panning out over the next 2 to 3 years? 
Harita Vasireddi: 
The defence sector, I think, is getting a very good push in our country, and we are sitting in the 
hub of defence component manufacturers. So the variety of systems that are coming to us for 
testing is actually adding month-on-month. So we are quite upbeat about it. Already, our 
capacities have been utilized around 80% to 85% so far. So we are just gearing up for additional 
capacities because these have a very long lead times. 
 
The chamber takes a long time to -- once you place an order, it takes a long time for it to be 
delivered and installed. Therefore, we are proactively creating additional capacities, which 
should help us continue the growth even in the next years without any pause or slowdown in 
revenues. 
Zaki Nasir: 
A bookkeeping question, the current revenues in the current quarter, would that exclude the 
division you sold to Thyrocare, ma'am. 
Narahari Naidu: 
Yes, sir. So the numbers reported are excluding of our Diagnostics business. The top line, what 
we are mentioning is close to INR85 crores, which doesn't include diagnostics business for the 
quarter. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of Ankit Gupta form Bamboo Capital. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Ma'am, can you talk about how the NFL lab is doing at JNPT and any positive developments 
there? 
Harita Vasireddi: 
Sample loads at NFL have slightly better. And after that, they have stabilized now. So there is 
no forecast, like I said earlier on whether it could go up further more. So as of now, it is better 
than what it was a couple of quarters before. 
Ankit Gupta: 
So how much growth will that be, let's say, compared to a couple of quarters that any will be a 
significant growth that you see? 

 
 
 
Vimta Labs Limited
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Harita Vasireddi: 
Yes. That would probably be around 30% to 40% increase in sample volume.  
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay. And let's say, how far are we soon the numbers that we were expecting 2, 3 years back 
when we started this lab. 
Harita Vasireddi: 
As of now, we are probably still 30%, 40% away from what our expectation was. 
Ankit Gupta: 
In terms of margins, we have seen improvement given the volume uptick that we have seen 
there. 
Harita Vasireddi: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Congratulations for a very good set of numbers, ma'am. First one question. I think you alluded 
to some conversations that you are having with some of the MNC players as a fallout of 
BIOSECURE Act. Now given that if some of these contracts materialize at and when rectifies, 
is there a possibility that we may run out of space even after expansion because that expansion, 
we may have already kind of tied up the capacity for the existing businesses and the growth for 
that. So how do you look at that? And is this a single conversation that we are having on the 
multiple conversations across 3 areas on the pharma side that we are having. 
Harita Vasireddi: 
So the relationship that I was talking about has already begun. And typically as in any 
relationship, especially with a global company, the ramp-up is slow and steady. So that is a phase 
that we are in. Capacity wise, I'm not concerned, at least for the next couple of years. we should 
be very comfortable in accommodating any requirements that such partners may have. 
 
And I also want to clarify that there is no direct correlation with the BIOSECURE Act and this 
partnership. So this is not probably directly because of that. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Can you give some more color on the preclinical side, the scale up and how we are looking at 
things, how the pipeline is shaping up, where do we see from here? How can we grow? Some 
more qualitative insights into that would be helpful. 
Satya Sreenivas Neerukonda: 
Pipelines, mainly 2 segments that we spoke about which are poised to grow in the 
future. One is the pharma segment and the food segment. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
I'm asking for pre clinical part of it within pharma. 
Satya Sreenivas Neerukonda: 
The 3 segments that are poised for growth and what we are pursuing are Pharma 
segment, the food segment and the Electrical and electronics segment. These are the 3 focus 
areas for us. And these are the 3 areas where there is a traction globally. So, coming to Pharma 
segment, preclinical is a part of the pharma segment. And preclinical is mainly driven or major 
opportunities for preclinical are in the countries where there's a lot of drug innovation going on, 
which is the western world, the European markets and the U.S. markets. So we are equally placed 
in both these markets. 

 
 
 
Vimta Labs Limited
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
 
A lot of efforts have been put over the last 3, 4 years, and we are seeing good returns coming in 
from there. The clinical business, again, there's a lot of business which flows into India from the 
Western markets. Europe was a market where we were not very strong, but the efforts in the last 
2 years have started yielding, we are making partnerships. We are making progress in these 
markets. So overall, I think the pipelines are growing and the business outlook for the future is 
also very positive. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of V.P. Rajesh from Banyan Capital. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Congratulations on an excellent set of numbers. Just 2-3 questions. So 1 is on the partnership 
that you were earlier talking about. Aside from that, are you starting to see any conversations 
which are pertaining directly to the BIOSECURE Act in the U.S? 
Satya Sreenivas Neerukonda: 
So, the partnership we have been talking about is with 1 of the major U.S. innovator 
company. And this partnership is not necessarily as on today direct listing at the 
BIOSECURITY, but it is mainly on the cost-cutting measures taken by MNCs year-on-year, 
where we are looking to find markets where we can offshore or send out some of the work which 
take a lot of resources. So in our initial decisions of initial work, which is coming in is directly 
related to that, and that is going to continue. The BIOSECURITY Act is still yet to show much 
of an impact. But I'm pretty sure it's going to gradually shape up that way. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
So what I was trying to understand, and I'm not sure if you already answered that if you put that 
partnership aside, which you were saying is more related to cost cutting. Are there any other 
conversations which are our direct result of BIOSECURE Act? That's what I was trying to 
understand. 
Satya Sreenivas Neerukonda: 
As on day, we don't see that in the market where companies are coming through here, 
but I think eventually it's going to happen. There are discussions of moving those manufacturing 
facilities out of China. And I think there are some active discussions happening in the country 
with some of the major players. I think we will have more concrete understanding of that by the 
first quarter of next year. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Understood. Understood. And my next question is, and I know mam doesn't like to talk about 
this, but directionally, can we assume that 70% of the revenue in this quarter was from pharma? 
Harita Vasireddi: 
Yes, close to that, yes. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Okay. Great. And then lastly, on the guidance for next year. I heard 2 numbers. I heard INR450 
crores because you are taking the diagnostic out. And I also heard you say the run rate of INR125 
crores in a quarter. So should I conclude that maybe in Q3, Q4 next year, you are targeting to 
hit INR125 crores of the run rate revenue. Is that the way to understand your comments. 
Harita Vasireddi: 
Yes, that is the right understanding. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Vishal Manchanda from Systematix Institutional Equities. 

 
 
 
Vimta Labs Limited
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Vishal Manchanda: 
I have a question on the Biosimilar business that you're trying to build. So, would you be able 
to provide any color whether you have been able to win any contract there in terms of executing 
the trial or maybe the basic bioanalytical test in that line of the business? 
Satya Sreenivas Neerukonda: 
Yes, we have been doing pretty well in this segment of Biosimilars and some of the 
other big molecule, large molecule areas. This is an ongoing work. We have been doing it for 
quite some time on the preclinical space, but now in the analytical and clinical space also, we 
have contracts which we are executing. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
So, you mean you would be doing a trial for a client on the Biosimilar front. You have a contract 
for that? 
Satya Sreenivas Neerukonda: 
I won't go into much specifics, but yes, we are part of such contracts, clinical trial 
programs. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay. And just 1 more fundamental question on the pharma analytics side. Just wanted to 
understand the driver of growth for the business. So is it primarily the filings that companies do 
for their products in the U.S. to support this filing, they need analytical test and Vimta supports 
these companies on those analytical test. Is that a driver or there are other drivers as well for the 
Pharma analytical business? 
Satya Sreenivas Neerukonda: 
That is essentially the basic driver for any of the CROs, the outsourcing work to 
support these filings. But the other part of that driver is the complex products. So general 
products and all, there are a number of labs available. But for complex and more R&D support 
kind of work, they rely on CROs of experience or CRO, which have been with complex solutions 
-- sorry, solutions for their complex problems like Vimta, that is the second part, which is also 
fueling the growth. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
You've started to get more complex work related to complex generics now? 
Satya Sreenivas Neerukonda: 
Yes. We are supporting a lot of those complex generic studies. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
And are these primarily Indian clients, or the global innovator clients.  
Satya Sreenivas Neerukonda: 
We both have Indian clients, European, North America and Southeast Asia. But the 
common factor between all these companies is, they are filing in regulated markets, which could 
be North America, Europe, Japan and some of the semi-regulated. 
Moderator: 
Next is a follow-up question from the line of V.P. Rajesh from Banyan Capital. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
I wanted to just inquire about the transition that we were doing from the facility that you guys 
showed us during the Investor Day. And obviously, the capacity was very tight at that point in 
time. So if you could just comment about that, how is the transition going into the new place, et 
cetera, is going on? And what is sort of the deadline as to when that will get done. 
Harita Vasireddi: 
The new facility is created to house food testing services and also to house preclinical services. 
So food has almost 90%. We have moved food from the existing facility to the new facility. 

 
 
 
Vimta Labs Limited
 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Food also has multiple labs. We have the nutrition testing laboratory. We have the microbiology 
laboratory, and we have the residue trace analysis laboratory. So nutrition lab is fully migrated. 
The trace analysis lab is also almost migrated. 
 
The last one will be microbiology that we will be moving in this month or maybe until mid of 
next month. Preclinical, we are yet to start shifting so that also we will initiate in the month of 
November, and that will also be very gradual. And the reason we are doing it very gradually 
because we do not want to impact our service to the customers. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Got it. And I think you had also talked about putting up a second chamber for the electronics 
business. So any update on that? 
Harita Vasireddi: 
Yes. So we have placed an order for the chamber. The delivery is expected late Q4 or early Q1. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
On the capex side, if you can just update as to what's the plan for this year? And what are you 
planning for the following year? 
Narahari Naidu: 
So if we have to divide between the infrastructure addition as well other infrastructure.so 
infrastructure, we may incur close to INR70 cores in totality, which we expect it to be capitalized 
during quarter 3, out of which majority was spent last year. And this year also, we are spending 
out of the overall budgeted allocation of INR70 cores. Other than that, we can expect an 
incurrence between somewhere around INR50 crores to INR60 crores, and we already incurred 
close to that in the H1. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Milan Shah from Urmil Research Consultancy. 
Milan Shah: 
I want to know that we are going into big expansion, so any plan to preferential or fundraising 
planning for this year or next year? 
Harita Vasireddi: 
As of now, we don't have any thought in that direction. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions on the participants. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Harita Vasireddi: 
Thank you, Siddhant. I want to thank all the participants for joining us in the call today and also 
for all the good wishes that were shared with us. I wish to thank even Vishal and Systematix for 
hosting this call today. Thank you all. Bye-bye. Good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Systematix Institutional Equities, that concludes this conference. We 
thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
