~
KRITI INDUSTRIES (INDIA) LIMITED
-rA~-------
/ ~
BRILLIANT SAPPHIRE, 801-804, 8th FLOOR, PLOT NO. 10, SCHEME 78-11,VIJAYNAGAR,
INDORE - 452010 (M.P.) INDIA. PHONE No.: (+91-731)
2719100.
REGD. OFF.: "MEHTACHAMBERS", 34, SIYAGANJ,INDORE - 452007 Phone: (+91-731) 2540963
E-mail: info@kritiindia.com Website: http://www:kritiindia.com
CIN: L25206MP1990PLC005732
KTILlSE/2024-25
19th November,
2024
Online filing at: www.listing.bseindia.com
and
https:llneaps.nseindia.comINEWLISTINGCbRP/login.jsp
To,
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy
Towers,
Dalal Street
Mumbai
- 400001(l\1.H.)
BSE Script ID: KRITIJND,
nSE CODE: 526423
To,
National
Stock Exchange
of India Limited
Exchange
Plaza, C-1, Block G
Bandra
Kurla Complex, Bandra
(E)
Mumbai - 400 051(M.1I.)
Symbol: KRITI
Subject:
Transcript
of Earning
Conference
Call held on 13th
ovcmbcr,
2024.
Dear Sir I Madam,
We enclose
herewith
transcript
of Earning
Conference
Call of Kriti
Industries
(India)
Limited
with
the Investors
and Analysts
held on Wednesday,
ovember
13,2024.
The
aforesaid
information
IS
also
being
hosted
on
the
website
of
the
Company
www.kritiindustries.com.
Please take note of the same in your records.
Thanking
You
Yours faithfully,
For, Kriti Industries
(India) Limited
Tanuj
Sethi
Company
Secretary
& Compliance
Officer
Encl: As above
TANUJ SETHI
Digitally signed by TANUJ 
SETHI 
Date: 2024.11.19 11:28:38 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 10 
 
 
“Kriti Industries Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 13, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        
 
 
    
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHIV SINGH MEHTA – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – KRITI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH SISODIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
KRITI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MIRAJ SHAH – ARIHANT CAPITAL 

 
 
Kriti Industries Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Kriti Industries Limited Q2 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Miraj Shah from Arihant Capital. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Miraj Shah: 
Thank you, Tanmaya. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Q2 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call of Kriti Industries. Today from the management, we have Mr. Shiv Singh 
Mehta, Chairman and Managing Director; and Mr. Rajesh Sisodia, our CFO. 
 
Without further ado, I'll hand over the call to Mr. Shiv Singh Mehta for his opening remarks. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the earnings conference call of Kriti 
Industries India Limited for the second quarter of the financial year 2025. This quarter was 
challenging for the company.  Raw material prices saw a sharp decline, affecting both 
profitability as well as sales. Supply chain was struggling with falling prices. In Q2 financial 
year '25, total sales volume was 10,055 metric tons as against 11,150 metric tons in Q2 financial 
year '24. 
 
On the segmental front, in Q2 financial year '25, the company registered a growth of 25% in 
volume in building products business compared to Q2 financial year '24 and an 18% increase in 
volume in Agri business. Here, I want to state that in this quarter, company's institutional 
business was down to near 33% as company strategically restrained itself from any aggression. 
 
I will hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Rajesh Sisodia, to give you the financial highlights. 
Rajesh Sisodia: 
Yes. Thank you, Chairman, sir. Good afternoon, everyone, on the call. Let me take you through 
the financial performance of our company on a consolidated basis. The Q2 financial year '25 
revenue stood at INR117 crores, which segmentally reflects INR82 crores in Agri business, 
INR26 crores in BP business and INR9-odd crores in Institutional business. 
 
The volumes in Agri grew 18% and Building Products business grew 25%. But correspondingly, 
the prices were down 13% and 20%, respectively, resulting in overall growth of 1%. Institutional 
business has degrown during this period by 67%. EBITDA of your company stood about INR5 
crores. There is a dip by 186 basis points on Y-o-Y basis. Now during ending of this quarter, I 
am also presenting the half yearly position of our company. 
 
The revenue for half year '24-'25 is around INR375 crores. The volume during the half year in 
Agri grew 11% and Building Products business grew 50%, but correspondingly, prices were 
down by 5%. Institutional business has degrown by 75% during this period. Half yearly EBITDA 
of your company stood at about INR29 crores. On overall basis, the EBITDA rose by 138 basis 
points on Y-o-Y basis. 

 
 
Kriti Industries Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
 
Thank you. I would like to open the floor for questions, if any. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Vaidik from Monarch Networth Capital Limited. Please go ahead. 
Vaidik: 
So sir, I have a couple of questions, mainly on the Agricultural side and the Building Products 
side. So firstly, on the Building Products side, I would like to know that in the first half, we have 
done close to INR56 crores, INR57 crores in terms of revenue. And for the last year, in FY '24, 
we had done INR103 crores in revenue. So going forward, will we surpass the FY '24 numbers? 
And if we do so, then what would be our growth drivers and how much would be the volume 
growth? 
 
Also on the realization front, we can see that our realization is going down drastically each 
quarter. So any view over it as to where will the realization be? And what is your outlook for 
next couple of years as well? This is on the Building Products side. 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Building Products side is growing as a category. And we certainly look forward to it with a lot 
of positive expectations. During the last quarter, there were two challenges. One, the prices were 
continuously falling. As you must be aware, the PVC prices from INR92.50 which we were on 
1st July came down to INR76.50 on 30th of September, which is a sharp decline in a short period. 
This has affected both companies' operations in being able to push product in market, because 
the entire supply chain was first offloading its stocks and were apprehensive about further price 
fall. 
 
However, in spite of this situation, company was able to register growth in Building Products 
segment over last year, which is equal to 25% for this period. So we are quite hopeful that we 
will not only exceed last year numbers, but we will also grow overall going forward in the period 
to come. 
Vaidik: 
But sir, for this quarter, our revenues have actually declined by 1% and not grown. So the 25% 
growth number, is it for H1? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
No, Q2 to Q2, last year to this year, there is a 25% growth. But if you look Q1 to Q2, it has not 
been able to maintain growth, because, a, the entire supply chain was -- I mean, offloading it's 
stocks. So once the prices are stabilizing, we will again see a positive growth. 
Vaidik: 
I think we reported a decline in -- okay sir. And sir, the same question would be on the 
Agriculture front as well. So what is our view? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Normally, Q2 is always a very sluggish period during monsoon. But if you look at agriculture 
also from Q2 to Q2, our company has shown a positive growth in this Q2 as against last year, 
the company has grown its business approximately 18% in volume metric tons. 
Vaidik: 
Sir, so volume growth was there of 17%, 18% this quarter, I understand. So sir, going forward, 
what is our view for Q3 and Q4? 

 
 
Kriti Industries Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Q3 and Q4, we are certainly looking with more -- I mean, surety because, one, prices are now 
towards the lower end of the curve. And they are stabilizing. And again, the market will be 
certainly looking forward to more possibilities at these prices. And when supply chain itself is 
offloading its stock, they will be again rebuilding stocks to some level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from KD Mishra from NJ Advisory. Please go ahead. 
KD Mishra: 
Just wanted to have a few questions regarding that in the column pipe section, I wanted to know 
what is being added here? And will the column pipes help for Industrial sector, for Agri? 
Industrial or the Agri sector? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Column pipes is for Agri and it's also used in Building material. But in building side, it's a very 
competitive, very low volume. Major volumes come in Agri side. 
KD Mishra: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, I also wanted to clarify if the Q2 Agri volumes were 8,000 tons versus 
28,000 tons in H1? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Can you repeat it again? It's a little not clear what you spoke. In Q2, the metric tonne volume 
for Agri, am I right? This is what you are asking? 
KD Mishra: 
Yes, yes. 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
In the metric tons, the Q2 volume in Agri business -- what is the total volume? 7,200 metric 
tons. 
KD Mishra: 
Okay. And for the H1, any difference? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
H1, the total volume for -- will be 28,000 metric tons, approximately 28,000 metric tons. It is a 
little short 28,879 metric tons. 
KD Mishra: 
Any particular reason for this to come down during Q2? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Q2 is always down, because during rains, no one puts pipeline in the ground. So Q2 is always 
very sluggish. 
KD Mishra: 
Okay. Understood. And sir, the PVC price movement was very extreme in the previous quarters. 
So I wanted to understand how much has been the impact due to the prices crashing down during 
the quarter for your company? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Same. Fall from INR92.50, which was the price on July 1, the prices came down to INR76.50 
on 30th of September. So you can see it's almost 17% to 18% fall during this quarter. So I don't 
have an exact number, because every day you are buying, processing, selling, but there will be 
a substantial loss on account of this price fall on the current asset, which company normally 
maintains during this period. 
KD Mishra: 
Okay. Understood, sir. And sir, you have raised INR150 crores. So I wanted to understand, I 
mean, how much of that is being utilized and in which parts you have utilized? 

 
 
Kriti Industries Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
No, about -- you are talking about the money company is raising through QIP? 
KD Mishra: 
Yes, sir. 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
No. We have only taken, first 25% of money has come in, which is amounting to about INR37 
crores. And most of it is getting utilized either in working capital or capex. So some capex money 
has been already spent. 
KD Mishra: 
Okay. Understood, sir. And sir, I wanted some color from you on the company with just one 
plant, how are you seeing this to become a pan-India supplier? How are you meeting up with 
the challenges? And what initiatives are you taking with one plant? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
I think that your voice is getting a little distorted. If I understood you correct, you want to know 
what kind of challenges we see going forward. Am I right? 
KD Mishra: 
Yes, sir. 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
You see this business of Building Material will continue to grow. The prices in raw material side 
were suddenly coming down. As you must have been aware, Government of India has already 
issued a notification towards additional dumping duty, because a lot of material was getting 
dumped in India at very low prices during this period. 
 
And that final draft has already been published by government. So prices are towards the lower 
end. They may stabilize here, or government may impose certain additional import, ADD on the 
material. If these things come through, prices will stabilize, and businesses will continue to grow. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sunny Gosar from MK Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Sunny Gosar: 
Basically, I would like to get some perspective on the Industrial business. So in the last year, we 
did about 17,000 tons, 18,000 tons. However, in the first half, we have been able to clock only 
2,000 tons. While it's a good call to be very conscious with working capital and basically not 
stretch the balance sheet. But how should we look at this business in the second half? And what 
are the thoughts on this business, say, over the next 18 to 24 months? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
You see, I have always maintained that we will be circumscribing ourselves within limits of a 
limited INR100 crores to INR150 crores game play in Institutional business. Because the very -
- DNA of this business, where you are not sure about payment cycles and many times, the margin 
pressures are too high. 
 
As you are all aware that during first quarter, most of the payments from government to the EPC 
contractors, because the buyers are EPC contractors were not as regular as they would have been 
expected. So even EPC contractors were not placing orders and there were limited business 
available, which was being transacted at very competitive rates. And as a company, we are very 
clear. We don't want to get areas, which we are not very comfortable. 
 
And that's why we will be very cautious and careful in Institutional business. Going forward, we 
see there is an improvement in overall sentiment towards government payment cycle towards 
EPC. But how far that will fructify is something we have to see. So we'll be very careful. We 

 
 
Kriti Industries Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
will definitely see second half better than first half, but we are not looking to numbers what we 
had hit last year in terms of Institutional business. 
Sunny Gosar: 
Got it. That's very helpful. My second question is with regards to our capital allocation 
framework, say, over the next 12 to 24 months. So once the warrant money -- the residual 
warrant money also comes in and the company will generate -- also start generating higher 
EBITDA. So we'll have sufficient cash flows for reinvestment. 
 
So how should we look at -- so in one of the earlier calls, you had also mentioned about setting 
up a greenfield plant at some point in time in the future. So how should we look at the overall 
capex assuming a greenfield project? And what would be the, say, the routine capex in the 
existing plant where you will keep adding capacities? And how much further capacity can be 
added, say, in the existing plant in Madhya Pradesh? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
You see, as far as the extrusion side is concerned, company has the ability, and company has 
been regularly increasing its capacity as well the market needs and requirements. But the 
Building Products, we are very clear that this is the area of our focus. And all major investments 
going forward will be in this space. Because you have to cater to a large range of products in 
terms of fittings and CPVC pipes and similar other sizes and types of products. 
 
So company is already actively considering certain business plans. Once they get finalized, we 
will be able to give you exact allocation of investments planned, but majority of this money will 
go towards capex in the current plant or the greenfield plant. 
Sunny Gosar: 
Got it. And what would be a good assumption in terms of like, what would be the timeline by 
which you will have better visibility on the capex? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
January-February, we'll have a very clear road map of our business plan for the going forward. 
Sunny Gosar: 
Got it. Got it. And maybe if I can push in one last question, is on the column pipes. So can you 
give some perspective on what is the opportunity with column pipes? And what are our 
capacities, is it like, I believe we have expanded some capacities in this segment. And who would 
be our major competitors in this segment? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
You see column pipe is a little technical product. And its performance on ground makes all the 
difference in terms of getting right business and more business going forward. So the company 
has rolled out this plan with a totally integrated automated facility to ensure that product is of 
superior quality to most of the existing available products in market. 
 
And since in India, large area is through borewells, and irrigation is through borewell. We see a 
good opportunity for a quality product, not only gain volumes, but also premiums in the 
marketplace. So we want to play on the premium side of the business, not only on the volume 
side of the business. 
Sunny Gosar: 
Got it. And what is the potential revenue from PCV's perspective, which we can achieve with 
the current capacity or the peak volume that we may be able to achieve, from our current 
capacity? 

 
 
Kriti Industries Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Once we are able to convince customers that there is a value in the quality product we are 
offering, we clearly see going forward, we can definitely build up volumes in excess to 600 to 
700 tons a month. So current going basis, it would be more than INR10 crores to INR12 crores 
a month possibility. But it will take time, because it doesn't happen overnight. Proving your 
quality, product performance is a process. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arman from Blue Sky Capital. Please go ahead. 
Arman: 
I'm pretty new to the company. Just I want to understand that PVC for us is a raw material, right? 
So if PVC prices are falling, how is that affecting our end product sales? Is it because of the 
inventory we have bought it at the high price and that is getting declined? And if that is the case, 
then if we are saying the prices will remain at this level or may rise from that level, so coming 
quarters, we might get inventory gain also? My first question is this. 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
So if prices go up, we will have an inventory gain. But if they remain stable, then doesn't happen 
that way that you have an inventory gain. So you have an inventory in pipeline always, which is 
affected by price increase or price decline. However, entire supply chain also carries inventory, 
like dealers, retailers. And all of them are also affected by the price movements. So there is an 
intensity towards higher purchases when prices are going up. But when prices decline, they 
would like to liquidate their existing inventory before they consider buying a fresh. 
Arman: 
Okay. Got it. And my second question is, like for the 25% of the funding, which have already 
we have told about, we have done some capex also for the coming 2, 3 years. In January, you 
already told that you will have a road map. But for coming 2, 3 years, if I see this company, what 
kind of target you have for yourself or internally for the company that where you want to reach? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
You see, we would certainly like to grow in double digits and towards -- more towards 20% 
game play for sure in coming 1 or 2 years. But once our capex and all these things becomes 
productive, which may take a little time, we may see a much higher growth rate for the company. 
Arman: 
Okay. Sir, in our industry, in which we are present, how much time does it take to start a capex 
and then complete the project and start production out of it? How much time does it take for a 
plant to get operational? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Yes, about a year's time that from greenfield for a greenfield projects to get into full output 
status. 
Arman: 
Okay. So basically, what we are saying is in FY '27, we'll have complete fruit of whatever capex 
we do will start from January, right? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Yes, sure. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Miraj Shah from Arihant Capital. Please go ahead. 
Miraj Shah: 
So sir, just a few clarifications and questions. So you said that by January, you'll have a proper 
roadmap for where do you want to put up another plant, because the current plant is only in MP. 
Just wanted to understand your checkpoints that you would be looking for this? Is it something 

 
 
Kriti Industries Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
like you would be looking for some -- a plant closer to the port so that your imports and exports 
-- sorry, imports for raw material would be cheaper? Or are you looking somewhere towards the 
northern region, somewhere closer to UP, where the demand is much, much higher over there? 
What would be your checking points over here? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Plant will be closer to customers. We are going to reach out to customers, because transportation 
of pipes is a voluminous product and entails a lot of -- I mean, logistics costs. So the whole effort 
will be -- we are looking at 2, 3 markets, and we'll have to set our priorities in terms of priority 
1, priority 2. 
 
So wherever our first priority goes, we will be going to a plant -- location, where we cannot -- 
we find it difficult to supply from existing plant. So it has to be away, because that plant should 
be able to cater to a region and geography, which is difficult to service from existing plant, 
because of the logistics cost. 
Miraj Shah: 
Okay. In that case, sir, which region are we currently heavy for sales? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
We are working on two, three options. And that's what I said that by January, we hope to 
conclude, I mean, in the first half of -- first quarter of the coming year, we should be able to be 
clear in our business plan and roadmap ahead. 
Miraj Shah: 
Understood. Sir, for the capex that we did in FY '24, roughly INR40 crores, I believe we did 
that. For FY '25, we had planned INR50 crores. In Q1, we did INR10 crores. So how much have 
we done in Q2? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Q2-- And going forward, we are just finalizing our plans. Once we are ready, the whole capex 
rollout will be clear. 
Miraj Shah: 
I missed it. I think there was a volume voice drop. You said Q2 is... 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
We have done a capex of about INR10 crores, including Q1 and Q2. Going forward, whatever 
capex will depend on our plants, which we'll be freezing as quickly as we do that, we will decide 
and go ahead with that. 
Miraj Shah: 
Understood. Okay. And sir, the ADD part that you mentioned, we saw the document. But I 
believe in the last pages of the document, it was mentioned that they are still inviting comments 
for the next 30 days from all the interested parties. So has the ADD been levied or there will be 
-- the final document will come out after 30 days after considering all the comments? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Government has already notified in press, and they have a procedure. They have to go through 
that procedure before they take a final view and decide and announce. 
Miraj Shah: 
Okay. So these are the current provisionary figures, right? These are the... 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
That's already in their notification, they have said that this is the country, these are the places 
where we are intending for ADD and got any kind of views you have, you can share with 
government in this period of time. 

 
 
Kriti Industries Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
Miraj Shah: 
Okay. And just one last thing, sir. In the presentation, we've given the Industrial volumes that 
have come down significantly. That's only because of the EPC demand not being there, right? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
See, demand was low. And obviously, when the larger suppliers are chasing same business, they 
have a tendency to have a very competitive place, by positioning. And as a company, we are 
very strategically clear that we will not go aggressive in this area, rather we'll restrain ourselves. 
So we have been maintaining that we will never think it as a main business driver looking due 
to the complexities and realities of this business. 
Miraj Shah: 
Understood. Okay. Yes. So most of my questions are answered. I just had one clarification. I 
was looking at this document that was uploaded, which was for the utilization of funds. Roughly 
INR150 crores that we have raised through PREF and only INR40 crores we've -- the warrants 
that we've converted only INR40 crores we've received. But sir, in that we've reserved roughly 
INR30 crores for other general purposes. What do these constitute? I wanted to understand that. 
What purposes -- I mean, are these going to be using working capital again or any other usage? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
There are three, four options, which we will be considering. That's why I said going forward, as 
soon as our clarity on business plan is fully crystallized, we will be able to take a call. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arman from Blue Sky Capital. Please go ahead. 
Arman: 
Yes, sir. Just a follow-up from a question, is that we have already raised money means we have 
done that for some time. And yet we are saying that on January, we'll decide on most of the part 
of 75% of the portion what we are going to do. So my question is why was at that time a certain 
decision or taken that we should do at that time or why not later? So what was the thesis behind 
raising -- taking a decision at that time and not later or sooner or after? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
The decision was taken that we have to go within certain kind of a business plan. We had to see 
the locations and placement and the product ranges for that particular business development. So 
this is a market study. And unless you are sure that you are ready with the backing of finances, 
one cannot rule out the plan. So it is very clear that this is the plan we have to execute. Location, 
placement, sizes, product depends on the region where you go and place the market. So once we 
are through, the overall plan is clear, direction is clear, specifics are being filled into the whole 
scheme. 
Arman: 
Okay. And what could be the most adverse effect of delay in execution of what we are planning? 
Is there any risk that carry behind it? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
I'm not very clear about. Can you please repeat? 
Arman: 
No. Like we said that in January, we are having -- we will have a plan of how we are executing 
it or how we'll use that fund. Is there any risk that could take place that might delay our decision 
from January to more forward? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
No, there is a team within organization, which is working on the whole detailed execution plan 
with the specifics in terms of objectives and opportunities and comparative benefits advantages, 
SWOT analysis, what you call. So this is where it takes a little time to study in depth where you 

 
 
Kriti Industries Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
have to see the market trends, opportunities our advantages, our strengths, our strategic 
initiatives, versus the best. There are five options. You have to choose one which is better of 
four or five. Our prioritization has to be very clear. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Choudhary from Unicorn Strategic Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Yash Choudhary: 
Sir, I would like to understand the broader vision of the company that where the company would 
be heading in next 5 years? And what are our strategic places and the areas where you want to 
see the company in the next 5 years to do? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
See, company wants to have its fairly significant presence in Building Materials segment as we 
see this is an area which is growing and will continue to grow as India moves forward. We also 
clearly see that from commoditization to quality is a journey where the entire market is taking. 
And that gives us more confidence, because right from beginning, Kasta has been on a quality 
play side. So this is where we are looking as business plan going forward. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Miraj 
Shah for closing comments. 
Miraj Shah: 
Thanks, everyone, for coming on the call, and thank you to Shiv sir and Rajesh sir. So just one 
thing before we conclude, I wanted to understand how prices have reacted after Q2 for PVC? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
You see prices are still under stress in general because worldwide markets are not -- I mean, in 
a very happy situation, whether it is Europe, whether it is China, whether it's Europe. US is a 
little better, but generally, the markets are depressed. And that's why government is considering 
additional dumping duty as a way to reduce or minimize injury to Indian industry through 
dumping. So it all depends how the world market plays out in terms of the two, three wars we 
are having or the economic sluggishness we see in Europe and China. It all depends how they 
roll up. 
Miraj Shah: 
Understood. Okay. Sir, any closing remarks from your end? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
I must thank all of you for being so generous and regular in participating. And we really need 
your good wishes and support going forward. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. On behalf of Arihant Capital and Kriti Industries Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
