19th November, 2024 
The General Manager    
The Manager 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited    
National Stock Exchange of India 
1st floor, New Trading Ring,    
 Limited 
Rotunda Building    
“Exchange Plaza”, C-1, Block G 
P J Towers    
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street, Fort    
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 001    
Mumbai 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 500249    
NSE Symbol: KSB 
Subject: Transcript for the Institutional Investors Meet 
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
In continuation to our intimation dated 06th November, 2024 and 14th November, 2024 
enclosing herewith the Transcript of the Institutional Investors Meet held and 
participated on 14th November, 2024.  
Kindly take the same on your records. 
Yours faithfully, 
For KSB Limited 
Shraddha Kavathekar 
Company Secretary 
Encl. as above 
Mail to 
: 
 (Head Office) KSB Limited (Formerly KSB Pumps Limited), Mumbai - Pune Road, Pimpri, Pune - 411 018. (India) 
Tel. : +91 20 2710 1000 Fax : +91 20 2742 6000 Visit us at : www.ksbindia.co.in 
Registered Office : Office No. 601, Runwal R-Square, L.B.S. Marg, Mulund (West), Mumbai- 400 080, Tel. : +91 (022) 2168 1300 
Zonal Offices 
:     Chennai • Kolkata • Mumbai • NOIDA CIN : L29120MH1960PLC011635
SHRADDHA 
KAVATHEK
AR
Digitally signed by SHRADDHA KAVATHEKAR 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=411037, 
st=MAHARASHTRA, street=PUNE, l=PUNE, 
o=Personal, 
serialNumber=7865c362f8bd8d6414ed7e1866bf0
16e9cfc9c20ae0cad7543911710f41202dd, 
pseudonym=4b8f0dcc89864fad92514bca0f35d01
8, 
2.5.4.20=30573d99a72dc3a3583a9b68803a636d6
3f096c220cf69765a12605a5792a1f5, 
email=SHRADDHA.KAVATHEKAR@KSB.COM, 
cn=SHRADDHA KAVATHEKAR 
Date: 2024.11.19 18:19:34 +05'30'

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 1 of 28 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Mahesh Bhave - Chief Financial Officer 
Rajeev Jain - Managing Director 
 
Presentation 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Good morning, all. So we start with a cautionary statement regarding 
forward-looking statement. This presentation may contain forward-
looking 
statements 
relating 
to 
companies’ 
future 
business 
development and economic performances. 
 
Such statement may be subject to number of risks, uncertainties and 
other important factors such as but not limited to competitive 
pressures, 
legislative 
and 
regulatory 
developments, 
global 
macroeconomic and political trends, fluctuations in currency exchange 
rates and general financial market conditions, delay or inability in 
obtaining approvals from authorities, technical developments, 
litigations, adverse publicity and news coverage, which could cause 
actual developments and result to differ materially from the statements 
made in the presentation. 
 
The company assumes no obligation to update or alter forward-
looking statements whether as a result of new information, future 
events, or otherwise. So with this, today, this presentation will be 
showing you the company organization, all the KSB locations, 
overview of KSB, so quickly so that you can understand, highlights of 
Quarter 3 2024 and top 10 customers, we will discuss about order 
intake, bit of financial numbers and other initiatives including ESG 
and CSR. 
 
To start with the organization, Mr. Rajeev Jain, he is a Managing 
Director and he is with us today. And we have a senior team, myself 
Mahesh Bhave, I look after Finance and DTC; we have Mr. Mohan 
Patil who heads HR; Mr. Prashant Kumar, who heads Sales and 
Marketing; Mr. Nitin Patil, who heads Nuclear Operations; Mr. Raja, 
who is the Business Head of Valves division; Mr. Philip, who heads 
Quality; Mr. Seshadri, who heads PMPS, that is Product Management; 
Shraddha, who is with us, she’s the Company Secretary; Mrs. Sunil 
Bapat, who heads Standard Agricultural & Solar Pump division; 
SupremeServ is headed by Mr. Rajesh Kulkarni; and Contract 
Management is headed by Mr. Pattewar. 
 
So, this is about KSB associate companies quickly. KSB Limited, this 
is established in 1960, I mean headquartered in Pune, Maharashtra, 
and if you can see the network, six manufacturing plants, we will be 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 28 
 
seeing some photographs going ahead in the slides about the 
manufacturing plants, six service stations, 350 plus service centres, 22 
warehouses all over India, four zonal offices, 14 branch offices and 
1,100 plus dealer network. 
 
We also have a KSB Tech Private Limited, which is a captive 
engineering and IT service provider to the group company. This is 
headquartered in Pune, Maharashtra. This is the technical design 
centre and our IT service provider as I mentioned. 
 
KSB MIL Controls Limited, so this is acquired in 1997 and 
headquartered in Kerala, and this is into control valves manufacturing. 
And we also have a Liaisoning office in Bangladesh. 
 
So some of the pictures, this is for our energy set of art plant in 
Shirwal. This is the Energy Pump division. Last year, we inaugurated 
a new admin building in our Shirwal plant. So some of the 
photographs of the admin building. This is our flagship plant that is 
Irrigation and Process division. This is Pune. Some of the inside 
photographs of IPD, that is Pimpri, Pune factory. 
 
We also have a unit, which is also old unit converted into a 
SupremeServ and Central Warehouse. This is in Chinchwad, Pune, 
near to our Pimpri factory. Some of the photographs of our Central 
Warehouse, where we do the spares business from inside. This is 
Sinnar, Nashik and Standard Pumps division factory. Some of the 
inside photographs of our Sinnar factory. 
 
Valves division, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, where we have a valves 
factory and some of the inside photographs of our valves factory. 
Similarly, as I mentioned MIL control, this is into control valves, this 
is associate company and this is situated in Kerala. KSB Tech we 
discussed. This is Engineering and IT Service provider. It is a design 
centre situated in Pune. 
 
Moving ahead, we look at the business and we look at the overview 
and the applications of pumps and valves. To start with, this is energy. 
So KSB Pumps and Valves ensure energy efficiency and reliability 
helps to achieve optimal performance and safety in power plants. 
Products cover high-pressure multi-stage pumps, FGD pumps, GGC 
and ball valves, and applications are FGD hydrocarbon services. 
 
Next application is industrial application, where we have variety of 
pumps ranges in this industrial application, which includes end-

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 28 
 
suction pumps, process pumps, non-clog pumps, high-pressure multi-
stage pumps, confirming API is 610 and GGC and ball valves. And 
applications are oil and gas, sugar, paper and pulp, thermic fluid, 
process applications and hydrocarbon services. 
 
Moving ahead irrigation, another important application segment, 
optimized product from a specialist for the entire water cycle and 
products include submersible pump sets, open-well monoblock 
pumps, mini monoblock pumps, dewatering pumps, solar products and 
GGC and ball valves. And applications are into irrigation, farmhouses, 
drinking water supply, et cetera. 
 
Wastewater, this is for clean solutions and products are into 
submersible, motor non-clog pumps, horizontal non-clog end-suction 
pumps, GGC and ball valves. And applications, various types of 
municipal and industrial wastewater, sewage, effluent transport and 
treatment, storm water drainage, dewatering, et cetera. 
 
Construction, KSB, we always say we have all-in solutions in the 
construction segment. So products are hydro pneumatic systems, 
firefighting pumps listed as well as non-listed, HVAC pumps, panels 
for primary and secondary. And applications are into firefighting, 
HVAC, pressure boosting, water transport and drainage. 
 
SupremeServ, this is after sales business, we say it is customer centred 
setup supported by lean and efficient processes, dedicated sales team. 
So this includes repairs, field service, modification, replacement, 
footprint pumps. 
 
Moving ahead, highlights for Quarter 3. So this is our top 10 
customers. You can see September 2024, Thermax continued to be in 
our top 10. Maharashtra State Electricity and Maharashtra Energy, this 
is basically into solar business. And some of the dealers including 
Pooja, Patil and some of the EPC like ISGEC, Megha Engineering; 
and PSUs like HPCL and BPCL. 
 
Highlights. A very good news is the voice overall engagement score 
and this is 88% and participation is 100%. So this is an employee 
engagement survey and this shows that all the KSB India employees 
are very well engaged. And this is improved from the last score, which 
was conducted 2 years before. 
 
KSB launched a B pump in IFAT Expo, that is IFAT Expo new 
addition in the wastewater segment. So this is again the launch we will 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 28 
 
see the photographs, this is again a good development I would say. Of 
course, digitization, we continue to be in digitization mobile 
Warehouse Management, this is benefiting the real time inventory, 
improved data accuracy and enhanced decision-making. Advance 
Planning and Scheduling, APS, tool is also implemented, which will 
be enhancing the production tracking and scheduling for the on-time 
delivery. So these are some of the digitization developments. 
 
Order intake. This is without nuclear, you can see very steady growth 
and this year YTD you can see ₹11,186 million is the orders in hand 
actually – sorry, I mentioned order intake, but this is orders in hand, 
OOH. This is order intake and segment wise you can see a good focus 
on the standard business which is improved from 43% to 48%, 
engineered is 16%, SupremeServ is again 15% improvement and 
valves is also good increase to 21%. 
 
Exports, this is depicted in the percentage, you can see this is from 
16%, now YTD is 12%, so some pressure this year. Financial, this is 
working capital position, as you are aware ₹308 crores is the net cash 
position, September 2024, continued to be a good cash position in fact 
improved compared to last year. 
 
Inventories are under well controlled, number of days also reduced in 
YTD September. Receivables continued to be monitored closely, there 
is a bit increase due to the solar business what we started. So revenue 
trend, again, you can see a very good continuously increasing revenue 
trend you can see from 2022, ₹18,220 million; 2023, ₹22,472; and 
September 9 months we are ₹18,067 million. 
 
Same in the profit before tax, a very good continuous increase, you 
can see from 2022, 2023 and YTD September 2024 that is ₹2,282 
million. 
 
Moving ahead from financials, some of the events, this is again a very 
important event into the ESG, where we have inaugurated and started 
open access solar power project and this is inaugurated by Dr. Bross, 
who is our CTO of KSB Germany. So this is a remarkable project, as I 
mentioned, 6.65 megawatt peak and is set to generate approximately 
10 million kilowatts of power annually. So you can see 50% of KSB 
India’s current total power requirement is getting covered under this 
open access. This is a milestone development I would say and you can 
see the 71% of the total KSB’s requirement is with renewable energy 
now. 
 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 28 
 
We had a strategy meet at Oxford Golf Resort, Pune, and on the 8th of 
August, this was Expedition and Vision 2027, where the top 
management like 80 key business people we made and discussed on 
the strategy. Yeah, IPA Neerathon, which is conducted in south and 
this is organized by Indian Plumbing Association Chennai chapter, 
and a very powerful message about the Run4Water, and even an event 
emphasized on importance of water conservation. 
 
Yeah, exhibitions, this is Krishi Mela Expo at Dharwad, you can see a 
very overwhelming positive feedback on the quality, durability and 
reliability of our products and further solidified our reputation as a 
trusted partner in the agricultural sector. IPA, again, successfully 
conducted and we participated in ChemTech Expo 2024 at Bombay 
Exhibition Centre in Goregaon, where we showcased our various 
products including non-metallic pumps, Megachem, Megachem 
pumps, MegachemSO and other chemical pumps. 
 
Yeah, IFAT as I mentioned in the highlights, India Expo 2024 at 
Mumbai, and this was conducted in from 16th to 18th October. This is 
a leading trade fair for water, sewage and solid waste and recycling. 
Yeah, as I mentioned, this B pump, Vertical Turbine pump, B pump, 
our newest addition to the Waste water segment. This is very 
important. The response to KSB’s participation was very positive with 
visitors and fellow exhibitors expressing their appreciation. 
 
Some of the ESG initiatives that we have already seen that 70% of the 
KSB India’s need are covered with renewable energy now. So we 
discussed about solar open access; we have various energy saving 
projects; we have most of the factories we have rooftop solar projects; 
regular energy audits are being conducted; supplier sustainability 
assessments are being conducted; and reduction in compressor air 
leakages, those projects are also going on. 
 
The very prestigious VDMA Manufacturing excellence award that is 
under CSR Large category, 13th VDMA Mechanical Engineering 
Summit on 18th October, we got this award. I would say this is a very 
prestigious award and the activities are vouch what we are doing in 
CSR. 
 
Yeah, this is some of the CSR projects, handing-over of playground 
and kitchen equipment to Apulki School for mentally challenged 
students. You can see the photographs and details. ZP Primary School, 
again, a very important event under CSR project, where this school is 
a girl and Vambori is a very small village, and we could contribute 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 28 
 
and construct this school blocks and where you can see this is for girls 
and this is a milestone kind of a CSR project and it is very well 
appreciated by the local – I mean, within the locality. And, of course, 
this is appreciated by the commissioner and ZP CEO, Ahmednagar, 
they were also present in the inauguration. 
 
So with this, thank you, and I end my presentation. And session is 
open for question-and-answer. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Manish: 
Hi, thanks for a great presentation. Manish from PineBridge. So I just 
wanted to check you mentioned that receivables have risen partly, 
because of solar. And the top two we found out that the customers 
include Maharashtra: A, the reasons and if those receivables are 
coming down; second, if you could just highlight the level of 
integration that you have on the solar side? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, there is a very detailed process for receivables for solar one has 
to complete the whole process and documentation and the certification 
and upload that, so that took a bit of time and that is all done most of 
it. So, I think, we are expecting these things to come down by the end 
of this year. So it’s kind of a learning curve, where we understand the 
whole process of what needs to be fulfilled and the request. And the 
level of integration, in the sense, we are making the pump sets 
ourselves, the controllers, we are intending to bring out our own 
controllers in next year. 
 
And the remaining, of course, the panel is outsourced and all the other 
installation is done by the installers, our network of installers. So that 
network we are building up and that is growing month by month, and 
once that is also settled and we have a comprehensive one, then it will 
help us to enhance our business in this segment also. 
 
Manish: 
Is this something to do with the elections that things got postponed or 
is it like monsoons which causes postponing, because we are hearing 
conflicting things from different industries? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I can’t comment on that whether it is there. But first is, we have to do 
our own homework. So, once I complete my own work, then I can 
blame the monsoon or the elections. But till that time, I can’t say that. 
I’ll have to ensure that all the installations are done completely to that 
satisfaction and uploaded. Those documents have to be uploaded for 
making that process. 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 28 
 
 
Manish: 
How much portion of a turnover, approximately, would be from this? 
And how big is the segment? Because there are people talking a lot 
about that. And number two is, of the proportion of receivables, how 
big is this part? There are ₹500 crores that you just mentioned into the 
presentation. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
About the business this year, we will do a revenue of maybe ₹120 
crores out of solar this year. 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Yeah, receivable, not much, actually. What I mentioned is, as rightly 
mentioned, by Maharashtra, so maybe around ₹80 crores to ₹85 
crores. That is what, yeah, it’s not a very, very big number. But this is 
a different business and different terms, actually. That’s what we have 
to be closely monitoring this documentation, as I mentioned. 
 
Kunal: 
Hi, sir. Kunal from B&K. Sir, you mentioned that export has been a 
little weak this 9-months. Can you highlight the key reasons for the 
same and how is the outlook and the pipeline looking as far as 
exports? Because, I remember, we’re talking about we’ve been 
working closely with the parent. And we have enhanced our product 
profile for the export market as well. So if you can talk a little bit 
about that as well. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, exports have been down this year. One of the reasons is 
definitely Bangladesh. Bangladesh crisis has affected that for us. 
Second is the geopolitical situation in some regions. But the outlook, I 
wouldn’t say is we are pessimistic on that. I think the outlook is good. 
We have introduced products which are solely manufactured in our 
factories. And we are expecting good orders in the project business, in 
the energy segments from countries like U.S., where we have a global 
strategy. KSB has been not so strong in the U.S. market, but now the 
thrust from the group has been in this North America, especially U.S. 
market. So we definitely expect to have good benefit out of that in the 
energy segment. Other countries like Spain also, we are successful 
with EPCs in Spain and Turkey. 
 
So, I think, the project business sometimes takes time. But it is 
happening, I think, in these coming months, in fact, we have booked 
one order yesterday only. So things continue to happen, and we have 
got good pipeline of inquiries. So that will happen. That is on the 
energy segment. And in the petrochemical segment, in the region 
Middle East, we are expecting, since I mentioned we are continuously 
developing API products, the gaps which we had, whether it is split-

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 28 
 
case pumps, horizontal split-case multistage pumps. Now, we have the 
BP&CL range which we are upgrading. 
 
So, all those things will plug those gaps which we had, and it’s a 
process. And, I think with those additions in the product basket, we 
will have much more competitiveness in this project, especially in the 
Middle East for the petrochemical. And energy, I gave you the 
markets where we are there. So this is a process which will happen. 
And apart from that, there is day-to-day business, standard business, 
which will continue. 
 
But, overall, the main reasons I would say I mentioned those two is 
Bangladesh, geopolitical, and also there is a lot of thrust in third in 
many countries to do local value addition and localization. So make in 
Indonesia, make in Saudi Arabia, these are the trends worldwide. And 
that, of course, means that the content from our side gets reduced 
instead of a pump, sometimes we give only components. So these are 
all factors which are changing. But, overall, I’m optimistic that we 
will continue to grow our business in all exports. 
 
Kunal: 
Sure. Sir, my second question is around service business. We were 
talking about a target of bringing our service business to about 
anywhere between 15% to 20% of our revenue. And we had chalked 
out certain initiatives around that. So if you can talk about where are 
we in that journey? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
You see, KSB’s business product mix is standard plus engineered 
pumps, and this aftermarket business more is relevant for the 
engineered pumps. For standard business, it is more of replacement to 
the product rather than the parts and all. So the opportunity for us is in 
that engineered business and for that, I think, we are doing pretty well, 
I would say that our aftermarket business should grow quite well this 
year, specifically, with the measures which we are doing. We have set 
up a central warehouse in our Chinchwad plant, where our spares for 
standard pumps is increasing. 
 
I talked about BP&CL acquisition and now already this year, we have 
orders worth ₹20 crores on hand. We have made a reciprocating pump 
order, which we got first time, spare parts for reciprocating, spare 
parts for old BP&CL. So cumulatively, orders on hand already for ₹20 
crores in this short span of time, which we hope to continue and get. 
So that will be another good avenue for growth. 
 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 28 
 
We are also focusing to make spare parts in our Chinchwad plant to 
make it independent from our manufacturing, so it gets a focus and the 
speed in that way for meeting the market requirements. We are 
focusing on system efficiencies and doing energy audits, supporting 
the customer to get value from our products, doing retrofits jobs for 
competitor pumps as well. 
 
So all those activities, localization of mechanical seal. Mechanical seal 
is one of the main – another segment, which will grow strongly. We 
are step by step localizing these seals. In the first one or two years, we 
imported those seals. But, now, almost 80% we have localized for our 
standard pump business. We will do the engineered seal in the next 
two years. And, also, the seals for the nuclear business. We have got a 
facility. Now, we are making 100% local, so all the past install base. 
So in the coming time, normal as well as nuclear mechanical seal 
applications, we will have this opportunity. 
 
So these are multiple avenues where we intend to grow our 
SupremeServ business, I’ve not mentioned the regular business. The 
regular replacement pumps, the spare parts and all those things would 
anyway continue. 
 
Kunal: 
Sir, in the next two, three years should as FGD and nuclear starts to 
contribute, because their service intensity both in FGD and nuclear is 
very high. So should that also help significantly scale up the 
SupremeServ business? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Very true. I think I missed to mention FGD, but FGD is definitely 
with 400 pumps, odd pumps now we have supplied, and lot of plants 
are now going into commissioning stage. These plants have been 
supplied or pumps have been supplied with spare parts. So it may take 
some time till those spare part requirement comes up, but at least I 
think that 2026 onwards the revenue generation from FGD business 
would be good. So this is the phase of commissioning and operation, 
but after 12 months, I expect all these wear and tear parts requirement 
to go up. So 2026 onwards, that would be also a good revenue 
segment for us. 
 
Kunal: 
Sir, on the nuclear business part, what are the updates? Are we on 
track for next year’s booking revenue of about ₹200 crores, 250 crores 
from nuclear? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, yes. I have been assuring every quarter it will happen next 
quarter. And I was hoping that it will happen this year. But this 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 28 
 
business needs both push and pull. So far, it’s been pushed only, there 
was pull lacking. But since that GHAB [ph] project got delayed due to 
site reasons. The pumps have been supplied. Those are getting on the 
way to get fitted on the test bed. The test bed is a bit delayed. From 
our side, the pumps are already on the Tarapur site. So we expect the 
testing to be finished by March, because the first pump would need 
500 to 1,000 hours testing. So assuming that the testing gets over in 
March, the motor is also supplied. 
 
So then, by that time, I presume the site also will get the clearance and 
that pull thing which I mentioned starts happening. So we are hoping 
at least two pump sets to be invoiced in the last quarter of next year, 
third or fourth, I take fourth. If everything goes well, it could be third 
quarter. So that would be – that is our goal and, of course, the 
Kudankulam order which we booked last year, ₹267 crores. We are 
hoping 50% of that also gets invoiced next year. So, yes, ₹250 crores 
would be our target only from nuclear business. Apart from the 
aftermarket business which we are doing, that is a small ₹15, ₹20 
crores business which we are doing in aftermarket. That would also 
add on to it this business. 
 
Kunal: 
Sure. Sir, in last question, if I may, you talked about the dealer meet 
and Vision 27. Any snippets from there you can share about direction 
in which we are thinking, key drivers, any numbers, targets that you 
have set? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, Numbers will evolve out of that. We are looking for continuous 
growth as we have done in the past years. Dealer business is our core 
business and dealer business has been historically the strength of KSB. 
So we’ll continue to strengthen that. To strengthen that, we need to 
have a comprehensive product range. And the products we are 
continuously adding. 
 
If you see, year-on-year, we recently launched the B pump, which is 
not the vertical turbine pump, which is not per se a dealer product. But 
we are going to launch the – we will come out with firefighting 
products, which we already have. We’re going to add portfolio, we’re 
working on listed products and things like that. So product additions 
will continue to happen. 
 
So, we will definitely ensure that the dealers have a much better 
product basket and much more accessible market. So that is a 
continuous thing, which we are building up year after year. And so, I 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 28 
 
think that’s on track, since that is a core part of our strategy. So all 
well on that front as well. 
 
Kunal: 
Thank you so much, and best of luck, sir. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Yeah, sir, just one point. I know what you were explaining on the 
export side. If you can just help us understand that what is the 
arrangement we have with KSB on which markets are open to KSB in 
India? Like, you also said that in some of the markets there are now 
localization requirements. So are you having any conversation with 
KSB for supplying certain pumps or components to globally? We are 
seeing this trend across a number of European companies. Because of 
strong demand, they are looking for vendor base, right? So if you can 
just help us understand both, what the equation is and if some of these 
things are in conversations? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
You see, KSB is a global company with multiple manufacturing sites, 
manufacturing sites in each continent, starting in USA, where we have 
the mining. Brazil, Europe, we have a lot of manufacturing sites. 
Middle East, Africa, we have South Africa, then India, Pakistan, 
China, Australia. So there are multiple factories all around the globe. 
So KSB ensures that the distribution or the export supply chain 
ensures the optimal loading of all factories, considering that all the 
factories meet their local requirements also and are optimally loaded. 
 
So we have an internal supply chain where product wise each 
manufacturing location is given the territory to export in that 
particular territory. For us in our region Asia West, we are 100% for 
other India and neighbouring countries like Bangladesh, Nepal, this is 
all under our responsibility. But other than that we have specific 
products which are allocated to us, where we export some products are 
coming from China, some are coming from our site for the Asia-
Pacific locations. 
 
Apart from that there are many initiatives to have, there are semi 
manufacturing locations like Indonesia, Thailand, which do a lot of 
value addition. So sometimes we supply components to them and they 
have to show 40%-50% local value addition, and then they get the 
preference to sale when they have these things. 
 
So I am just giving examples. Similar things are also happening in 
Middle East, specifically Saudi Arabia, where we supply components, 
SKDs and they assemble it and then they build up the pump 
themselves with small components also from their site. We also do 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 28 
 
SKDs to countries like Chile and South America and all. So it is a 
situation and case to case based where it helps to build up local value 
addition, it helps them to also reduce their inventory by having an 
interchangeable SKD components. So all these things are part of the 
portfolio what we are exporting. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Great sir. Thanks. So I mean we should say, I mean the take away we 
should have is that there is in a case be such an organization that 
cannot be like a centralized sourcing arrangement from India or any 
other countries like that? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Correct. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. Sir, I think my second question is on the dealer side. I mean, we 
are assuming that the standard pumps is what is, you mentioned that it 
is a very important category. Sir, could you like comment a bit both on 
the growth in that segment and the margins in that segment for you. 
How has that been – because, we are not able to really figure out how 
has that segment grown, if you can share something? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
The standard business segment comprises of agri market, domestic 
pumps, domestic residential pump, commercial building segments, 
industry, general industry, water market, wastewater. These are the 
segments and the chemical market. These are the segments where we 
the products which we sell and, in our terminology, we call them as 
the standard business. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And these are sold through dealers? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Most of them are sold through dealers. I would say, yeah, 80% or 
more are sold through dealers only, more than that. There are specific 
exceptions where those customers are big, like Thermax and OEM. 
They would want to deal with us directly. So those exceptions are 
there where the bigger OEMs we deal directly. So in standard 
business, typically what happens is: one is the big pillar is the dealers, 
the sales channel; the second is the OEMs; and third is the small 
contractors. Some small contractors could also be many times the 
dealers act as the contractors and sometimes it could be other 
contractors. So these are main three channels through which we do the 
standard business. And the market segments also I explained earlier. 
And the products which we sell in these segments and through these 
sales channels are our standard business. 
 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 28 
 
And so growth, of course, these are our daily bread and butter 
business. Typically, 55% to 60% of our portfolio, if we add up of all is 
a standard business. 50% to 60% it keeps on varying. And it is a 
profitable, very profitable business, because you have less overheads. 
You have sell through the dealers, and many times the dealers do the 
customization. So we avoid all those areas where our overheads are 
high. The dealer is able to do it more efficiently. We can sell standard. 
 
Here our EBITDA margin is higher compared to our engineered 
project business, excluding nuclear. So nuclear is, I wouldn’t count in 
the engineered or the project business, nuclear would be separate. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
One last thing on a margin point of view. Sir, what I’m doing is I am 
say comparing the CY 2018 margin with CY 2023 margin. Just… 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
World changes in this 4 or 5 years. But, anyway, please. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
But I do ignore the COVID period, because that is a very aberration, a 
lot of costs were not there, some years, I mean. I’m broadly saying 
pre-COVID to our last full year reported. So what I’m seeing is that 
our EBITDA margin has improved, but our gross margin has come off 
and the employee cost and OpEx, right? They had a lot of – those 
ratios have come down. 
 
So in the last call, the last discussion we had you explained that 
because of the billing, I think, recent years of the engineered pumps, 
like FGD and all, which are lower margin, that is having an impact on 
the gross margin. I just want to get your view going forward, right, 
given the book that you see, right? What could be our, A, trajectory of 
gross margin? B, do you expect similar operating ratios jaw to be 
there? And finally, we are trying to understand what the trajectory of 
the margin could be from here on? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
To give you a simple answer, I would say that we are aiming to keep 
the EBITDA level in a similar range what we have today, because we 
are still aiming for a very high and aggressive growth. So that would 
mean sometimes what happens when you go for growth, you go for 
segments, different segments, which are not similar margins like your 
product business, for example, solar business. Solar business, which 
we do today would not have the same EBITDA margins as our 
product business. 
 
If I go for, let’s say, firefighting pump sets, it wouldn’t give me the 
same EBITDA level for like my product business. But then we tried to 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 28 
 
compensate that EBITDA through our standard business, through our 
SupremeServ business, through our valve business, maybe through 
our nuclear business. So, overall, I would say keeping that we still 
want to grow aggressively, we are targeting that the EBITDA margin 
would be on a stable consistent level overall. 
 
Dhavan: 
Hello, sir. This is Dhavan from AlfAccurate Advisors. So you 
mentioned there are many sub-segments in the standard pumps. So if 
you can share the market outlook on those pumps, I mean, from those 
segments, how much growth we are witnessing right now, and what is 
the pipeline going forward, plus there is the competition also? So how 
do you see the growth in the standard pumps? And then under the 
engineered pumps, given that the export is bleak, so out of the overall 
engineered business, how much is the exports? And under engineering 
segment also if you can share segment wise details as you have shared 
in the standard pumps. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I think we shared it in our presentation the mix of that. But to give you 
the outlook, I think, this year many factors we can say election and 
election keep on happening in our country whether it is central, state, 
so it has a bit slowed down in this quarter the outlook compared to the 
previous ones, but I think that is not so significant. We are seeing a 
good amount of optimism in the wastewater market, those investments 
are coming in industry. 
 
The distillery segment is again coming back, though, there are bit of a 
downturn in the chemical, and paper, and other industries. So some 
segments are looking up, some segments are not as good as they were, 
I would put it that way. Domestic segment, the real estate sector we 
have to see how it performs in this present financial scenario with all 
the inflation and the personal loan getting a bit tight all these factors 
do play a role. 
 
But, overall, I would say since we are there in multiple segments and I 
named some of them what happens with us is some segments are 
positive and some segments may not be there. So it is a continuous 
thing and I always say KSB has this unique USB that you name a 
product, you name a pump, and we will have it, whether it is a small 
domestic pump or it’s a cooling pump for the reactor. And everything 
in between is available. 
 
So there was a time when FGD was booming, and we took part in it. 
And now if FGD goes down, there is solar, where we are participating 
in this. There is standard business continues to happen. We are 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 28 
 
continuously bringing in products. For example, now in firefighting 
market, our market share is very low. So irrespective of the market 
outlook, we have an opportunity to grow. So this is something which 
we are looking at. Wastewater, we are enhancing our product range, 
coming out with higher ratings of submersible pumps. And we are 
getting a much more accessible market there. We have come out with 
the vertical turbine pump now to cater to the market which we were 
not participating earlier. 
 
So I feel market outlook, I would summarize is some segments are 
good, some segments are not so good that is again thing of cycle, but 
overall, I have good optimistic view for next year as well. And 
basically our strength is the product basket, which we are continuously 
adding, increasing and which will we continue to do both in agri as 
well as domestic market, in building services, firefighting, chemical, 
we have got the non-metallic pump also, as well as the market for life 
science applications. So with this all these introductions I think we 
have a good outlook for the standard business and we have a very well 
established dealer distribution system. 
 
Dhavan: 
Got it. And the solar pump would be a part of standard business only? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, today, we make that in our Sinnar plant, so we kind of term it in 
our standard portfolio. Since these are application wise going for 
irrigation which is a part of our standard business application and the 
system more or less is standardized. The bill of material, everything is 
very standard, and there is no big inspections or something like that. 
So even though it’s a bit integrated system, I would say, it is a 
standard system. 
 
Dhavan: 
Got it. Got it. And in the engineered segment if you can share thoughts 
segment wise and export business in the engineered pump? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, in engineered business there are two segments in engineered 
business or project business. One is the energy segment and one is the 
petrochemical oil and gas. So in the energy segment, as you know coal 
market, actually in India, I would say, the coal market globally going 
down, but in India there is it will still with this 80 gigawatt 
announcement by the government, which will happen in the next 
seven years. 
 
But what happens in this coal market, the BHEL is the dominant 
player, EPC. And unfortunately for us, BHEL makes all those pumps 
themselves. So it was a very pleasant news recently that L&T won 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 28 
 
those 800 megawatt supercritical. So we are hoping to be back in 
business with this boiler feed pumps and the condensate extraction 
pumps, which we supplied for TANDA, Telangana, and one more 
project. So we hope that now, of course, it will be very competitive, 
but we hope that we have an opportunity. If BHEL wins, then we 
don’t have, except FGD, we don’t have a chance to supply pumps. 
 
So a coal market, hopefully next year we will have an opportunity to 
participate on these supercritical. Other than that is basically 
aftermarket which we are focusing. FGD will be there in smaller 
numbers, much smaller numbers than before. But energy market is 
now the tide is more in the nuclear side now. 
 
The nuclear side with the ongoing 700 megawatt orders on hand and 
the government’s initiative to set up 220 megawatt reactors, 50 
reactors almost with private participation. There, we feel we have a 
good chance, because we have all the 220 megawatt with KSB pumps 
supplied in India. It’s a proven technology. So there is an opportunity 
for KSB, even though it’s a bit long-term that will happen in the five 
to seven years. But it will continue to happen, sustainable. So that is 
regarding energy. 
 
For petrochemical, it’s a very competitive field. It’s competitive, a lot 
of manufacturers in India, international as well as local. So this is a 
cutthroat competition, and so everybody gets a small piece of cake, 
some big, some small. So we are selective where we feel we are 
competitive. So recently there were projects on HPL. HPL, Reliance is 
ongoing. So we get a share out of these projects. We got a good share 
in HPL project, and Reliance is ongoing. We have got some orders, 
some are underbidding. And so, this market will also – it’s a project 
business. You can’t predict the timelines. It happens when it happens. 
But I feel it will continuously happen. 
 
Another market in engineered or the segment is mining, which we are 
now entering. So this is an interesting market which we were away for 
long-term. And now, we are planning to make those white iron in our 
foundry itself for those things. So we are localizing the pumps, and 
that will help us to be more competitive and get a bit more share in the 
mining market. And, hopefully, also export it into some Asia-Pacific 
regions in the coming years. 
 
And last but not the least is, water project business. And I talked about 
vertical turbine pumps and things. So water will be ever green market, 
it will always be there. And as I said, in water market, we were more 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 28 
 
into dealer business, not into project business. So that is another area, 
which we will be entering with products introduction. And the first 
one, we’ve already got split case, and now the vertical turbine, and 
then we’ll have to look for much bigger tubular casing pumps and all 
those things in the coming months and years. 
 
Dhavan: 
Got it. And sir, just last one is, out of 800 megawatt of power plant, 
what would be the opportunity size of pumps for your site? And how 
do you see the opportunity size of the pump storage for the hydro 
business? And the last one is, given that the order book is ₹1,200-odd-
crore, out of that the engineer business is roughly 60%-odd, which 
means roughly ₹200 crore comes from the engineer business right 
now in the order backlog. How do you see this order backlog based on 
the visibility you mentioned, plus the pipeline, plus the new products? 
This ₹200 crore of order book, what kind of order book growth do you 
expect in the next three years’ timeframe? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Our orders on hand is almost ₹2,400 crores. Half of it is the normal 
business, and half of it is nuclear, ₹1,200 crores and ₹1,200 crores. 
Out of ₹1,200 crores, nuclear I mentioned, almost ₹250 crores is what 
we are planning next year. Yeah. And the remaining ₹1,200 crores is 
the normal standard business, project business, all put together. So that 
is the pipeline of orders on hand, which we have. So next year, with 
nuclear happening, I think, we are expecting a good revenue growth 
also with this pipeline of our orders on hand. 
 
Now, what was your other question? 
 
Dhavan: 
Basically, excluding nuclear, what kind of growth do you expect from 
the engineered segment? I think engineered, excluding nuclear is 
₹200-odd-crore kind of the order backlog? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No, it’s much more. It’s much more. I don’t know where did you get 
your figure ₹200 crores from, because the standard business is very 
short delivery items. Those go in 8 to 10, 12 weeks. So the majority of 
₹1,200 crores would be the project business. So it would be maybe 
60% to 70% of that would be the project business. 
 
Dhavan: 
And out of 800 megawatt of thermal power plant, how much is the 
[Indiscernible] [0:52:25]. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Normally it would be ranging 3% to 4% of the total investment in this 
plant. 
 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 28 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Hi sir, one question from my end. Two questions actually. Which are 
the brands that KSB globally competes with which are not present in 
India, and because of the increasing economy are they planning to 
enter India? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I don’t see any international brand, which is not present in India. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. Okay. And second question was what would be our segment 
wise market shares if you are okay sharing the number? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
It’s difficult to estimate segment wise. In different segments, 
somewhere we are in the leading position, somewhere we are not. So 
it is a bit diverse depending on the different segments. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And for what percentage of your revenue would we be the market 
leaders? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Come again. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
For what percentage of our revenue would we have a market 
leadership? So in what percentage of our revenues are we the market 
leaders? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
You are doing too much analysis. As I said, in some segments we are 
the leaders. And the leadership could be in energy segments. It could 
be sometimes in different segments. Sometimes it could be in the 
distillery industry. It could be various segments. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And as per you, which is a bigger entry barrier? The dealer network or 
the technology, which is required to get the right quality of firms? 
Which is a bigger entry barrier for a new brand to take market share 
away from you? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Which is the biggest entry barrier? There could be again, it’s a very 
general question. See, it could be brand acceptance. Once you have to 
for standard business, brand becomes very important. Not only the 
brand, the brand image is built on the product quality, the 
relationships, what the dealer network has, the aftermarket support, 
the quality, everything. 
 
And for project and engineered business, it’s provenness, proven and 
track record. And also, yeah, the qualification, this becomes. So in 
different segments there are different requirements for a brand to enter 
that market. So I would simply say that if your brand is trying to enter 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 28 
 
into Indian market, it should reflect on what it is their core strength. 
You cannot have just enter the Indian market and, say, I have a pump 
and I will start selling here. That doesn’t happen. So, one should if an 
international brand is trying to enter, they must have be having some 
of their own core strengths, and that core strength they should use and 
then look at the market barriers and try to overcome that. That would 
is what I would recommend in case you are planning to bring in a new 
brand. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you. 
 
Manish: 
Just it was fascinating to hear then always from you the products that 
you keep developing each year. Just wanted to understand like you 
also mentioned in the PPT 350 service centres, one main warehouse 
which is there across. Could you also help us understand what is the 
strength of the dealers that you have in the country? How much do 
you keep adding every year in that? 
 
And one other thing is like moment you appoint a dealer, the 
inventory with the dealer is like with whom? Like it is the dealer’s 
inventory or is it with the company which is showing it up? So if you 
could just highlight. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, what is us for dealer business? We say it’s a win-win strategy. 
Dealers are entrepreneurs, better entrepreneurs than us. We are 
sometimes playing safe, but dealers are entrepreneurs who put their 
money and they know how to rotate their money and generate wealth, 
much better sometimes than us. So that’s why I say it’s a core part of 
our business. We look for dealers who have that risk-taking ability, 
who are able to put their finance and who have a good appetite. And 
that’s why we have long-term dealers, because KSB gives them the 
comfort that we will support you, the business will become your 
generation to generation, keeping moving forward and we keep on 
adding the product basket. What does the dealer need? He needs more 
and more products so that he gets a better accessible market. 
 
So I would say that our core strength in keeping a long-term good 
relation with dealers is fair policies. We have very good clear policies, 
policies of territory where they will act; policies of in which great 
category they are; policies of, I would say, supporting them and very 
transparent policies. And, of course, the promotion and the pride of 
being associated with a brand like KSB is a part of that portfolio. 
 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 28 
 
Yeah, so our core strength has been to add these products year-after-
year in different segments and fill up their needs. Because even after 
developing so many products, when I go to a dealer meet, I am 
amazed at the request which keeps on coming. But I would say they 
are also amazed at the way we are also introducing that product. So 
earlier when I used to go to a dealer meet, there used to be demand. 
But now they worry that I give them the product and then ask business 
from them. So, now, it’s a good collaboration. 
 
What was your other question? 
 
Manish: 
What’s the strength of the dealers or exclusive dealers? I don’t know 
how you classify them. I have no idea. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
In our terminology, dealers are one who keep the inventory 
themselves. For us, and I said win-win is because we give them a 
standard product and they do the customization. They will meet the 
customer requirements of parameters, little bit modification, trimming 
of the impellers, whatever is required. And that is where they do their 
value addition and they keep the inventory. For us, KSB, for our 
factories, it becomes a standard business, less overheads, and much 
better output. 
 
Manish: 
What is the strength of the dealer network today? 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
1,100. 
 
Manish: 
1,100. These are exclusive dealers? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No, no, it’s a mix of exclusive. In some segments, industry segments, 
building segments, these are maybe more exclusive. But in agri and 
domestic, which is a very, I would say, vast market, and there are 
many players in this, the dealers can be having multiple products, but 
most of the time not overlapping products. So, let’s say, if we have a 
dealer, it would be for agri business, not for domestic business, and 
the other way around. 
 
Manish: 
And just one final thing on this entire service thing. Are you actually 
or maybe you already do that. Do you actually have some sort of 
mobile or network connectivity with a pump that is being supplied 
across? So what are the sort of problems that are coming across to that 
extent you actually have? 
 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 28 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, in today’s world, this has become the need. And we have a 
device called KSB Guard. This KSB Guard has sensors which are 
fitted onto the pump bearing housing, and they are connected at the 
local site. And we monitor them centrally from Pune. We have a team 
of people who monitors them, monitors the performance of the pumps, 
tells the customers when they need to do replacement or maintenance. 
So this is the in-thing today. This is something already, means, it’s 
getting more and more popular, but with in-house maintenance teams 
sometimes it’s not easy that we put, this because there is in-house 
available things. But I see the demand of this getting much more. So 
all our pumps which go from our engineered factory in Shirwal, they 
will have a KSB Guard. 
 
Manish: 
Thank you so much. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Sir, my name is Mohit Surana from Monarch Networth. I have a few 
questions, sir. So first is, last quarter you mentioned about increasing 
your capacity in the valves segment. Have you already done that and 
by how much percentage, if you can mention? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I cannot do quarter to quarter capacity increase, it’s a long-term thing. 
Capacity increases happens by maybe adding space, adding 
machinery, and of course with internal improvement measures. So the 
internal improvement measures by lean manufacturing, by all those 
theories and practical things, this continuously happens. So redoing 
the layout, and value stream mapping, all these aspects keep on 
happening continuously. 
 
So the measurement of how much capacity is increased, one can see 
from the output of number of valves made, and that we are seeing, that 
we are continuously doing that. That also happens by outsourcing 
contract manufacturing route, the low end of the product, we don’t 
make ourselves, we get it made outside, and the critical testing we do 
in-house. 
 
So those are the short-term measures, which we do contract 
manufacturing could be a permanent long-term as well. But the real 
capacity increase happens when we invest in a new bigger location 
with machineries and all those things. Those are long-term strategies, 
those are always under review for the 5-year, 10-year planning. So as 
and when we finalize that, and as and when we make a conclusion, 
we’ll share it with you. 
 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 28 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Sir, next question is regarding the MIL control, our sister concern, 
they are into control valves. Are we also not producing control valves? 
I just wanted to understand that the parent company has two sister 
concerns in India. Why not consolidate into just one, or rather than 
two separate entities? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
What is the benefit of consolidation that we are not getting today? 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Sir, similarly, what’s the benefit of keeping two entities separate? And 
the business is the same. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, but you are asking why not consolidate, so I want to know what 
is the benefit, because they’re running perfectly fine under KSB 
management. So if you can suggest some benefits, then we can look at 
it. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Sir, but are the products different or is it the same in terms of the 
valves that is being manufactured? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
You mentioned it is control valve, so it has to be different. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Okay. Understood, sir. Understood. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
So I would appreciate if you tell me what are the benefits of 
consolidating keeping it in one, then definitely it would make a 
business case to do that. But otherwise, things are running fine and the 
factories are doing well. So unless we see a benefit, it doesn’t make. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Understood. Sir, the next question is regarding the entity that you 
acquired Bharat Pumps and Compressors. If you can give some 
insights… 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
We did not acquire the entity per se. We only acquired the technology, 
the drawings. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Understood. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
And those are running well. As I mentioned earlier, that we already 
have an orders on hand of ₹20 crores. And this will grow multiple 
times, because there’s a huge install base, 500, 600 pumps. Plus, we 
are upgrading the product range. Plus, we have the nuclear business 
there for install base. I mentioned the word reciprocating pump. We 
developed that reciprocating pump. We are trying to get it approved 
with the NPCIL. So huge opportunities for us on that BP&CL. 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 28 
 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Understood. Sir, lastly, you talked about nuclear energy. The orders 
that we last received was in 2018-2019, which is still being executed. 
Now, we have an ambitious goal of increasing the capacity from 7 
gigawatts to around 21 gigawatts over the next 5 years. Just wanted to 
understand, if you can give some insights on what’s going on with the 
NPCIL orders, when can we expect next orders for new nuclear power 
plant reactor coolant pumps? I understand… 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I would also be very keen to know that. Myself would be very keen to 
– wish I could answer that or wish I could know that. Because I feel 
very embarrassed in every investor call when I come and tell you 
those orders on hand will go next quarter, next quarter. But to give 
you an assurance, nothing is wrong with those pump. Pumps are made 
much better, I would say, than the past ones, maybe because the kind 
of testing and things have gone. They have done everything possible. 
And it’s been come out very beautifully if you come to our factory 
sometime. And the casings and all have been supplied, the motors, 
everything is ready. 
 
So I feel a bit awkward to answer or give a commitment when it will 
happen, because it takes two hands to clap. And, today, we are ready 
and that’s why you see the things are changing. There is private 
participation now which is happening and that is the reason that the 
government is looking at speeding up these things. And, I think, 
maybe the pace at which it happens in the past will not be the same in 
the future. My opinion, it will definitely speed up and change. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Got it. So the last question if I may squeeze in. Regarding green 
hydrogen, have we started supplying some pumps towards that 
segment and what is it? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, I think green hydrogen, our Group KSB has a good order 
booking and that is the advantage with a company like KSB. You get 
the technology, you get the head start, same like FGD, same like 
supercritical boiler feed pumps. All these head starts which KSB gets 
in India is because of the parents’ company’s developed technology. 
And same is valid for green hydrogen. We already have some orders, 
small business, but we have been successful in this because the 
product range is available. 
But we intend to participate more and more as the demand picks up 
locally, which would happen in the next 2, 3 years. But these would be 
much smaller pumps. We intend to localize them also so that we 
become much more competitive. And this is definitely an area which 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 24 of 28 
 
we have a good opportunity based on the parent company’s 
technology, provenness, and strength where we are. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Understood, sir. Thank you. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Please. Thank you. And please let us know which pump manufacturer 
you are bringing to India. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Yeah. Sir, so if you probably look at your numbers, if exports have 
declined, I believe your domestic looks to be having grown at 18%. So 
am I right on that number for 9 months? And if that is the case, then 
do we expect that this momentum to continue going forward? And 
second question, if you can share the order intake number, I think you 
gave the breakup. But if you can please share the order intake number 
for 9 months and 3 months, it will be helpful? 
 
And just to continue from that nuclear thing, I believe that the 
additional orders which we were expecting, that tenders which were 
likely to be floated, maybe if you can share the status on that? Thank 
you. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Okay, I’ll start from the third question, nuclear orders. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Yeah, tender which I think… 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Again, answer would be the same, your information is as good as 
mine. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
We also don’t have any information. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I also don’t have any information, because the information which I 
may have may not be the right one. Unless the tender is issued, I can’t 
comment on it. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Yeah. So tender is still not [Indiscernible] [1:10:22]. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
And one should understand is that when your first site itself is delayed 
and they have also ordered the Kaiga one. So the next site which 
would come, whichever comes would be required in maybe 5 years 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 25 of 28 
 
down the line. So there is no hurry to raise that tender. And, again, it 
depends on the speed at which all these power plant comes up. 
 
Your second question was on order intake. Yeah, order intake in the 
last quarter, in the last 9 months of this year has not been very strong, 
I would say. It is compared to last year. But there are many factors we 
spoke about it, the general economic situation, the election scenarios 
and the various aspects. 
 
But moving on, I feel we have good inquiry bank and good things. So 
if I look at it, order intake, it would be maybe a single-digit growth, 
8% to 10% over last year. 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
I think you wanted the number, which he already mentioned actually, 
₹1,200 crores. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
No, that is order hold you mentioned. 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
No, that is order hold, ₹1,200 crores plus ₹1,200 crores. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Order inflow… 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
That also was presented. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
You said order book of ₹1,100-odd-crores and then you showed a 
slide where order intake percentage. 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Yeah, so order booked is order intake. Order booked, that is order 
intake. That is orders in hand, that is ₹1,200 crores plus ₹1,200 crores, 
nuclear and non-nuclear. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
₹1,100 crores is order booked. Okay. Okay. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
₹1,100 crores is the orders on hand. That is what we have said. Order 
intake, I mentioned to you, is around 8% to 10% more than the last 
year. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Last year 9 months. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Last year 9 months. Single-digit. As I mentioned, the order intake has 
not been as high, because of the various factors, but I think… 
 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 26 of 28 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
But that is also a function of your exports not growing. I was trying to 
understand more from domestic, because some math calculation 
shows that domestic has grown 18%. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No, no, domestic has not grown 18%. I don’t know which figures you 
are… 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
You said 12% revenue share of exports, I probably just calculated 
because last year 9 months was 18% revenue share. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Domestic has not grown 18%. I wish it was 18%. So don’t confuse the 
numbers. Let me summarize for you. Order on hand is ₹1,200 crores. 
Clear? And orders export is 12% of the total revenue. And order 
intake is slower than what we had planned this year. But moving on, it 
will be good with the new product additions with the market picking 
up in the coming time. We should see a healthy order intake growth as 
well. 
 
If you look at our order intake this year, when I say it’s not healthy, it 
is also considering the fact that I have not considered nuclear order of 
Kudankulam this year. We normally keep that out of our order intake 
of our analysis. If you consider nuclear order intake, then we have 
grown healthy order intake. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you, sir. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, while the pillars of growth for your company, for our company is 
standard business, SupremeServ as well as Solar, which we are talking 
about now, the valves business and the nuclear business, in addition to 
that, you’re also saying that there are certain products which are in 
pipeline which have to be put in the market soon, including 
reciprocating pumps and FGD and the firefighting. 
 
So my question is that, do you think that you’ve been a little more 
conservative on the margin, the blended margin side, where you’re 
guiding that it could be constant over the next year or maybe next 2 
years or so? Because the service business is something that can 
probably add to the margin profile, maybe from 14.5% to somewhere 
around 16% or 17% or 18%, if you wish to guide on that. Why are we 
so conservative on this margin profile, the blended ones? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I don’t think we are being conservative. 13% to 14% EBITDA is a 
very good EBITDA. So I don’t think we are being conservative. And I 
also clarified that we are looking for aggressive growth. This 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 27 of 28 
 
aggressive growth comes out of a mix of engineered business and 
standard business and SupremeServ business. So if we are going to 
grow in solar business, we don’t get EBITDA of 14% in solar 
business, for example. If we grow in FGD business or engineered 
project business, I mentioned supercritical power plant, there it is not 
the same. If we grow in petrochemical business, the API business, that 
the EBITDA is not the same level. 
 
So when you mix it up all these things, we want to achieve 14% and 
balance this EBITDA. I think it’s a very – considering the fact that we 
want to grow aggressively, it’s a very reasonable good target for us. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So can we put in a number of maybe 14%, 15% CAGR growth on the 
top-line, and maybe net profit margins of somewhere like 11% or 10% 
kind of a range, is it possible? Should we do that over the next 3 years 
or so? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Of course, of course. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay, sir. Thank you for answering my question. Thanks a lot. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Hi, sir. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Hi. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, yeah, I know that we are majorly a product supplier to installers in 
the solar pump side of it, but we are hearing certain execution and 
installing delays on the installers part of it, or like, I was trying to 
understand, could you give a colour on how the exact thing works? 
Like the tender comes out, and is the farmer responsible for paying for 
the pump, or is it the government who’s already giving an entire 
subsidy? Also, is there pushback amongst farmers in accepting solar 
pumps? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No, nothing of that sort, I think, we may be having some initial 
teething issues, but nothing serious. I think those installations are 
getting completed and there could be normal teething issues, but 
nothing of a concern per se. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And the entire process from tendering to how it flows, could you give 
us some colour? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, tendering happens, we get awarded the LOI, and then our 
installers have to go to the farmers for them to select KSB and 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor’s Meet 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 28 of 28 
 
nominate KSB, then the order, work order comes out through the 
department, and then the installer or we supply the pumps. So that’s 
how it happens. So it’s not only that we have to get the LOI, it’s after 
getting the LOI we have to work with the farmers, with our installers 
to get our pumps preferred by them and then our installer is also 
networked to be very, very effective and efficient to kind of convince 
and do their networking both with the farmers and with the 
departments to get the work orders. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, just one last follow-up, are your installers solely working for 
KSB? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
We are trying to do that. We are trying to get our installers, who are 
solely working, not always because we are in this business, we are not 
the first entrant. So it’s taking time, but our endeavour is to have 
installers who work with us and develop. But it is not true that we 
have only exclusive installers for us. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Yeah, with this we have come to the close of the session. Thanks to 
the management for giving us an opportunity to host the analyst meet, 
it was a pleasure and honour to host the top management of KSB, so 
thank you very much, sir, and thank you everyone for attending the 
session. With this request, sir, any parting remarks? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No, that’s all, thank you for your very detailed questions and 
appreciate that you take so much interest in our business very much. 
Thank you for joining us. 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. 
