 
 
 
Date: November 5, 2024 
 
To,                              
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd                                                                    BSE Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,                                                                                    1st Floor, P.J. Towers, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,                                                                                                Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400051                                                                                                             Mumbai-400001 
Scrip Symbol- SRGHFL                                                                                                  Scrip Code – 534680 
 
Subject:- Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the Quarter and half Year ended Sep 
30, 2024  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call 
of the Company for the Quarter and half Year ended Sep 30, 2024 held on Wednesday Oct 30, 2024. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For SRG Housing Finance Limited  
 
 
Divya Kothari 
Company Secretary 
M.No:- A57307 
 
Enclosed:- a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Divya 
Kothari
Digitally signed by 
Divya Kothari 
Date: 2024.11.05 
14:48:56 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
SRG Housing Finance Limited 
 
Q2 & H1’FY25 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
October 30, 2024 10:40 AM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Vinod Kumar Jain, Managing Director 
Mr. Ashok Modi, Chief Financial Officer   
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd (SRGHFL) 
Q2 & H1’FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 30, 2024 10:40 AM IST 
 
2 
 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you all to the Q2 and H1 FY25 Post-
Earnings Conference Call of SRG Housing Finance Limited. Today on 
the call from the management, we have with us Mr. Vinod Kumar Jain, 
Managing Director.  
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risk and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded.  
 
I would now request the management to detail us about the business 
performance highlights for the quarter, the growth plans, visions for the 
coming year, post which we will open the floor for Q&A. Also, please 
note that the management will be speaking in Hindi language. 
 
Over to the management team. Over to you, sir. 
 
Vinod Jain: 
Jay Jinendra. I welcome you all to the earnings conference call of 
quarter two financial year '25. Our loan book is at 26% growth in quarter 
2 FY24 is INR 651 crore, which in the last quarter 2 was INR 515 crore.  
 
Disbursement in quarter two financial year '25 is INR 63 crore. The 
total number of branches is now 85, which was 62 in the last quarter 2 
FY24. We have opened 23 new branches. Profit before tax is INR 8.33 
crores, which was INR 6.58 crores in the last quarter 2 FY24. Total 
income is INR 36.84 crores, which was INR 31.20 crores in the last 
quarter 2 FY24. Net interest income is INR 17.74 crore, which was INR 
13.52 crore in the previous quarter 2 FY24.  
 
Net worth is INR 202 crore, which was INR 143 crore in the previous 
quarter 2 FY24. EPS is INR 4.87, which was INR 4.05 in the previous 
quarter 2 FY24. Housing loan has increased to 71% and loan against 
property is at 29% and salaried loan has been 26% and self-employed 
loan is 74%. 100% of our loan book is secured with property.  
 
The average ticket size of housing loan book is INR 8 lakh and the 
average LTV is 40%. Gross NPA is 1.96% which was 2.40% in 
Q2FY24. Net NPA is 0.59% as against 0.56% in the previous quarter 2 
FY24. Our average borrowing cost is 11.03% as against 11.17% in the 
previous quarter 2 FY24. The company has maintained a healthy spread 
of 10.83%. Along with this net interest margin is 2.77% of gross loan 
book. In quarter 2 FY25, we have done a total fundraise of INR 50 
crores, in which 40% was taken from bank and the rest from FI.  
 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd (SRGHFL) 
Q2 & H1’FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 30, 2024 10:40 AM IST 
 
3 
 
The outstanding borrowing of the company is INR 542 crores, which 
was INR 445 crores in the previous quarter 2 FY24, in which 47% is 
from bank, 45% from FI and 8% is from National Housing Bank. The 
liquidity of the company remains strong. The company has liquidity 
funds of INR 91 crore, out of which INR 35 crore are undrawn funds.  
 
Thanks to our Employees, Investors and all of you.  
 
Now whatever questions you want to ask, you can ask. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Sure, sir. We have the first question from Agastya Dave. Agastya, go 
ahead, please. 
 
Agastya Dave: 
Good morning, Vinay Bhai. Thank you very much. Namaste, Vinod ji. 
First of all, Diwali greetings in advance. Secondly, congratulations you 
have achieved very good results, especially because the microfinance 
sector is struggling a lot in rural India. FMCG is also struggling a lot. 
But your numbers and growth is also very good. And most importantly, 
gross NPA is also under control. So, exceptional performance, sir. So, 
congratulations, sir.  
 
Sir, I had two questions this time. The first question was that if I look 
at your total loan book and second look at your total borrowing, suppose 
RBI rates cut in the next coming quarter, then how soon will the 
adjustments be made in both, sir? How will your borrowing cost move, 
because RBI linked all financial institutions' lending rates with external 
benchmarks? So, if RBI cuts your lending rate by 25 basis point 
tomorrow, how soon will you get that benefit? And how soon will you 
have to pass on your loan book? This is the first question, sir.  
 
The second question is about your cost-to-income ratio, sir. I think it's 
somewhere around 64%, 65%, sir. The exact number is 64.8%, sir. How 
do you see this moving forward, sir? Because now we have growth 
capital and growth is good, sir, and your geographical spread has also 
increased. So how do you see its evolution, its trajectory, sir? At what 
level will it settle in the future, this cost-to-income number, sir? 
 
Vinod Jain: 
Greetings of Diwali to you Agastya ji, & everyone. Look sir, the first 
question was, if our repo rate is cut, all our loans, all of them are fixed 
rate loans. If the rate is cut, then our profit will increase immediately. 
We won't have to serve it anywhere else.  
 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd (SRGHFL) 
Q2 & H1’FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 30, 2024 10:40 AM IST 
 
4 
 
Next question is sir, regarding costing which has increased is because 
of our new branches, 15 branches of ours have been opened in 
Maharashtra and South, the costing of the branch, hiring is going on 
right now, of the team, that costing is increased, as per that our cost is 
around 65%. So as soon as this branch starts working our costing will 
reduce by around 4% to 5%, when the branch comes into our system. I 
can give an estimate but our cost-to-income ratio will become 60%. 
 
Agastya Dave: 
Great, sir. Sir, you have told the benefit of repo rate, the loans that you 
have given are on a fixed basis. But sir, your borrowings will be less, 
will you be able to pass on the rate in that? 
 
Vinod Jain: 
No sir, as it will have an impact on our profits. Yes but as we are 
expanding into new territories, we will do accounting for it, so there 
also you will try to take advantage of it.  
 
Agastya Dave: 
Okay, great, sir. 
 
Vinod Jain: 
Yes, now the pressure is, earlier if we used to give housing loan at 50% 
or even 55%, then we were allowed to do so, but now NHB has made it 
clear that you have to give housing loan at around 70%. We used to get 
2%, 3% extra money in the LAP, so now we will have to cut the rates a 
bit in housing loan, so if borrowing rate  will cut down, we will benefit 
there and we will be able to do better business. 
 
Agastya Dave: 
Great sir. Sir, again, sir, many, many congrats to you. Thank you very 
much for giving the time. Thank you to Vinay bhai also. Thank you.  
 
Vinod Jain: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks Agastya. Sir, we will take the next question from Shivan. 
Shivan you can go ahead, please. 
 
Shivan Sarvaiya:  
Am I audible?  
 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
 
Shivan Sarvaiya:  
Okay. Greetings Vinod ji. I had two to three questions. One question is 
regarding disbursement, as per your internal assessment, the 
disbursement we have made in the first half, are you satisfied with that 
disbursement? 
 
Vinod Jain: 
Please state all three questions. I will answer them one by one. 
 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd (SRGHFL) 
Q2 & H1’FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 30, 2024 10:40 AM IST 
 
5 
 
Shivan Sarvaiya :  
Okay, after disbursement, the second question was that when we look 
at the LAP disbursement, from the first half last year, from second half 
last year, and first half this year, we see a decreasing trend in LAP 
disbursement. So, what is the reason for that? I wanted to know that. 
And the third one was, there is a difference in the loan approval that we 
do and the disbursement that we do. So, what is the reason for that 
difference between the two. When we give in MIS, that supposing in 
this quarter INR 62 crores was disbursed, versus approval was of INR 
65 crores, then what is the reason for this gap of INR 3 crores or so? 
Also, in the previous quarter as well, a trend is seen that there is a gap 
between the two. So, I wanted to know that. So, sir, these are the three 
questions. 
 
Vinod Jain: 
You mentioned that your disbursement is lower, and the primary reason 
for this change is that NHB has introduced new guidelines for housing 
loans. To continue offering housing loans, we are focusing on our 
existing business, particularly near LAP (Loan Against Property), 
which we can handle. However, we must adhere to NHB's guidelines. 
Last year, in Q2, we observed that housing loans made up 58% of our 
portfolio. To bridge that gap, we are now aiming for 70% in housing 
loans this year. Although housing loans are challenging to execute, LAP 
is comparatively easier to manage. However, to meet NHB’s 
requirements, we can no longer focus on LAP to the same extent. We 
need to maintain the same average, which is why you are seeing a 
decline in LAP business. 
 
Your second question was about the gap, which you've mentioned as 65 
or 68. To clarify, when we sanction a loan, especially in construction 
loans, the disbursement is spread over several months. For example, if 
we sanction a loan of INR 10 lakhs today, the initial disbursement might 
be INR 4 lakhs or INR 5 lakhs. After that, subsequent disbursements 
will be smaller, such as INR 2 lakhs, then INR 1 lakh, and so on, until 
the full amount is disbursed. This is why the sanction amount appears 
higher, but the actual disbursement happens gradually over time. 
 
For example, if in the previous month the disbursement was higher, then 
the sanction for that period would be lower. So, if your disbursement is 
INR 68 crores and there’s still an outstanding INR 65 lakhs from the 
previous month, this creates a fluctuation. Essentially, it’s a back-and-
forth process where only the disbursements are counted in the books, 
regardless of the pending sanctions. 
 
Shivan Sarvaiya :  
Ok, I wanted to talk a little about disbursement. If I look at the 
disbursement of housing loan, the growth that is seen year on year is 
18% growth, first half of this year and first half of last year. So are we 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd (SRGHFL) 
Q2 & H1’FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 30, 2024 10:40 AM IST 
 
6 
 
facing any problems  in increasing the disbursement, what is happening 
according to you, we would like to know that. 
 
Vinod Jain: 
There’s no issue with this process. If I sanction a housing loan of 
INR 25 lakhs today, the initial disbursement will be INR 5 lakhs. Over 
the next 6 months, the remaining disbursements will be made in stages. 
While the business is booked at the time of sanctioning, the actual 
disbursement occurs gradually as construction progresses. 
 
Shivan Sarvaiya :  
Okay, and there has been no disbursement from the branch we opened 
in Maharashtra, which we have opened in first half. So, have you started 
disbursement or are all these branches still in the setting up stage? 
 
Vinod Jain: 
What happens is that in the first quarter, the entire kick-starting 
process isn’t fully completed. It takes two to three months just to set 
up a branch, followed by another couple of months to find the right 
location and then another two to three months to build the team. So, 
about six months are spent on these activities before the business 
actually begins. The team isn’t formed overnight; as you know, when 
you make an offer, there’s usually a 90-day notice period. Therefore, 
it takes about six months to get the team in place, after which the 
business operations start. 
 
It was implemented this month, in November, and we will see the 
impact in the next quarter. 
 
Shivan Sarvaiya :  
So, what will be your disbursement target for the full year?  
 
Vinod Jain: 
We have a disbursement target of INR 350 crore for the full year, 
ending in March. 
 
Shivan Sarvaiya :  
Okay, so you are confident that you will be able to cover it in the 
second half?  
 
Vinod Jain: 
Why not 
 
Shivan Sarvaiya:  
You are confident, okay. Okay, sir I will come back in the queue, if I 
have more questions. Thank you for your answer. 
 
Vinod Jain: 
Okay, thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
Sir, I have a question in chat from Arvind Kumar. Branches have 
increased from 65 to 85 branches in the past one year, but still the 
disbursement is same as last year in H1, what is the reason for that? 
 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd (SRGHFL) 
Q2 & H1’FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 30, 2024 10:40 AM IST 
 
7 
 
Vinod Jain: 
The branches you’re seeing as having the maximum activity are from 
this quarter, when we opened new branches in Maharashtra and the 
South. Last year, we had around 73 branches. The business from the 
branches opened this quarter will reflect in the next quarter. We are 
comparing Q2 of the previous year with Q2 of this year, which is why 
the impact isn't visible yet—it will show up in the next quarter 
 
Moderator: 
Okay. Sir, we take the next question from Karan. Karan, you can go 
ahead.  
 
Karan: 
Thank you, sir. Jai Jinendra sir, and happy Diwali, first of all. Congrats 
on the results. Sir, I was seeing that you have maintained your GNPA 
and NNPA steady for a long time. How have you achieved this, tell us 
something about this, how you have maintained this level?  
 
Vinod Jain: 
If your collection team and strategy are strong, the performance will be 
sustained. Currently, we’ve also recovered some of our old, previously 
written-off cash, which has helped reduce our gross NPA slightly. 
 
Karan: 
Okay, thank you sir. And the second one is our current states, like 
Maharashtra, Karnataka, so the first question in that your team 
preparation, targeting its market and reaching out to its people. So, what 
strategy have you made for it, can you share it? 
 
Vinod Jain: 
Before opening a branch in any state, we conduct thorough research to 
understand the local market—identifying which companies are present, 
assessing the market conditions, and distinguishing between good and 
bad areas. We then determine the optimal location for the branch based 
on factors such as the operational radius, key locations, and the most 
favorable and least favorable areas. After carefully evaluating these 
factors, we proceed with opening the branch. This is the first step in the 
process once we have completed this groundwork. 
 
Karan: 
They say that every region has its own nature and character, how can 
you breach it there, whatever are your current states, like you are 
reaching Karnataka, its language is different, their way of approaching 
is different, breaking down the barriers is also different, how do you 
reach there? 
 
Vinod Jain: 
Karan ji, in the states where we operate, we work with a local team, not 
just a single person. We have a team of about 800 people. In the South, 
for example, the team will be made up of locals, including branch 
managers and other staff from the region. This ensures that we integrate 
smoothly into the local culture, and you won’t face any challenges 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd (SRGHFL) 
Q2 & H1’FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 30, 2024 10:40 AM IST 
 
8 
 
working there. No matter the state or culture, we’re fully equipped to 
work seamlessly in any region. 
 
Karan: 
So, sir, then how did you select the hiring team there after going there? 
And secondly, you have a different process for this hiring process, that 
is, how do you drive the hiring process there? 
 
Vinod Jain: 
Sir, our recruitment department handles the hiring process, and the 
method we use is similar to yours. We conduct interviews through two 
or three rounds—first, second, and then a final discussion—before 
making a decision. Once candidates are finalized, our team visits the 
location, meets the recruits in person, and sets up the branch. The zone 
head for the entire state oversees the process, ensuring everything is in 
order by visiting the site and meeting the team  
 
Karan: 
That too is done in a centralized manner?  
 
Vinod Jain: 
Come again. 
 
Karan: 
That too is done in a centralized manner, which is your internal 
process.  
 
Vinod Jain: 
Our recruitment teams are based in different locations: one in Indore, 
one in Jaipur, one in Ahmedabad, and for South and Maharashtra, our 
recruiter is based in Mumbai. Each recruiter is positioned in areas where 
they have experience and knowledge of the local market. They are all 
seasoned professionals with expertise in recruitment and team building. 
 
Karan: 
So, sir, in this particular region, there will be some of your regional 
competitors as well, so how do you compete with them? 
 
Vinod Jain: 
Competition operates in two different ways, sir. First, it depends on the 
business volume in that region. For example, if one branch generates 
INR 50 lakhs in business and the total business potential in that area is 
INR 5 crore, then I can only achieve INR 50 lakhs, and the rest will be 
taken by other companies. If my target is INR 1 crore and the total 
business in the area is INR 10 crore, there will be 10 other competitors. 
So, it’s not that you don’t find finance companies everywhere; they are 
present in every area. However, if you have a diversified business 
model, you set a minimum target for each branch. We focus on securing 
the business we want at our preferred rates. 
 
Karan: 
Okay. Sir, this time I have seen in the presentation that you have added 
a lot of senior management team. So, the performance or the delivery 
evaluation process of the senior management, how will you see that 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd (SRGHFL) 
Q2 & H1’FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 30, 2024 10:40 AM IST 
 
9 
 
over a period of time, the performance evaluation and the quality of 
credit, how will you have the linkage in order to grow your loan book.  
 
Vinod Jain: 
There is a credit policy in place, sir, and it varies by area. The credit 
process is aligned with the specific policy for each region. It’s not that 
the work is done first and the policy is created later. The credit policy 
is established first, which outlines key factors like the size of the loans 
to be offered, the book size, and the minimum and maximum loan ticket 
sizes. Once the policy is set, all operations are carried out in accordance 
with it 
 
The evaluation process involves setting monthly targets for everyone, 
and there are regular discussions around those targets. In the first week 
of each month, all the Heads of Departments (HODs) present their 
plans—what they intend to accomplish in the upcoming month, what 
they won’t be focusing on, what they achieved in the previous month, 
any gaps, and what needs to be adjusted. All of this is reviewed and 
assessed. 
 
Karan: 
Okay. All right, sir. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Sir, there is one question in the chat from Mr. Rohit Lidwani. What is 
your disbursement and loan book target for FY25 and FY26? 
 
Vinod Jain: 
Sir, for FY25 our disbursement target is around INR 350 crores. In this 
our AUM is around INR 750 crore roundabout. Next year our 
disbursement target is around INR 400 crore, INR450 crore. Hence our 
AUM will cross INR 1,000 crore. 
 
Moderator: 
Sir, we will take the next question from Himank. I would request you 
to introduce yourself  
 
Himank: 
Hi, Vinod Ji. My name is Himank Bayya. My question -- I am already 
your shareholder. So, I am not judging your capability, I just want to 
know that, for example, there was a company like Crew Finance which 
had a pristine book and its leverage ratio was also very high. Then how 
easy is it for SRG to reach that kind of capability and will we ever be 
able to reach that? This is my question on capability level. 
 
Vinod Jain: 
I've been in this business for 25 years and have reached this level 
through experience and hard work. If we need to go back to the basics, 
the knowledge we’ve gained in the field—how to handle housing 
finance in rural areas, the ins and outs of collections, and recovery—
has been consistently maintained throughout these years. Given this 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd (SRGHFL) 
Q2 & H1’FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 30, 2024 10:40 AM IST 
 
10 
 
experience, you should have no hesitation in moving forward with me, 
and no doubt that we’ll continue to learn and evolve in this space. 
 
We have bankers on the board, providing us guidelines and support for 
all policy-related matters. Today, we have built a strong expert team. In 
our Mumbai corporate office, we’ve established a pan-India HOD team, 
bringing in experts from across the country. You will soon see 
significant improvements in the areas you've mentioned, and looking 
ahead, you’ll be able to track our progress over the next five years. 
 
Himank: 
So, you are confident that you can go in future with high leverage 
ratio.  
 
Vinod Jain: 
100%.  
 
Himank: 
Okay.  
 
Moderator: 
Is that it?  
 
Himank: 
Yes, thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
Okay, we will call Shivan to ask the next question. Shivan you can go 
ahead. 
 
Shivan Sarvaiya:  
Yes, thanks. Sir, I had one question on our branches. Today if we see 
there are 85 branches. Now as per your internal assessment, how many 
branches do you think are doing peak disbursement, peak AUM, their 
capacity has already been reached, and how many branches are still at 
mid level, and how many branches are just ramping up, can you give a 
break up of that? 
 
Vinod Jain: 
No, you’ll need to calculate the average. There are about 15-20 
branches that are fully operational, and each has its own target. 
Branches fall into three categories: large, medium, and small. Some 
branches have targets of INR 20 lakhs or INR 25 lakhs, others have 
targets of INR 50 lakhs, and some have targets of INR 1 crore. Most of 
our branches are performing well in terms of productivity, with a 
variation of about 2 to 5 branches. The rest are also productive. 
 
The second challenge comes from housing loans (HL), which you’ve 
seen reflected in the disbursements. This won’t be an issue in the next 
quarter. So, it's not about the productivity or performance of the 
branches. When you calculate the average across branches, it’s based 
on their size, so you’ll see a difference in the average for larger branches 
versus smaller ones.. 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd (SRGHFL) 
Q2 & H1’FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 30, 2024 10:40 AM IST 
 
11 
 
 
Shivan Sarvaiya:  
Okay. This question is, this TAT you have said of 15 days, So your 
processes like there is assessment, later there is credit assessment, later 
the branch manager will okay it, later it will go to a central credit team, 
in all your processes you can break up and tell us the TAT, what is that 
TAT and how can it be reduced according to you, there is a possibility 
of reducing it in this? 
 
Vinod Jain: 
Shivan ji, our targeted turnaround time (TAT) is 10 days. However, the 
TAT can vary depending on the involvement of physical property 
documents. If property isn't involved, we can complete the settlement 
in 3 days. But if physical property documents are required, the process 
is longer. In some states, such as Madhya Pradesh (MP) and Gujarat, 
there are registered mortgages, and it can take up to 45 days to get those 
documents. If the registered mortgage isn’t finalized, we can’t proceed 
with disbursement, which extends the TAT.  
 
In Rajasthan, our TAT is typically between 10 to 12 days. But in MP 
and Gujarat, due to the registered mortgage process, we may not be able 
to meet the same TAT, although we do try to maintain an average TAT. 
The registered mortgage process is outside our control. 
 
To clarify our TAT process: 
Document Verification: This usually takes about 2 days. Once the 
documents are checked, the PD (pre-disbursement) process is 
completed within 24 hours. 
Provisional Sanction: After PD is done, we provide a provisional 
sanction to the customer, confirming the loan amount. 
Legal & Technical Checks: If the customer is comfortable with the 
provisional sanction, we proceed with the legal and technical checks. 
The reports for these typically come in within 3 days. 
Final Sanction: Once everything is in order, we issue the final sanction 
letter. 
Document Signing: The customer signs the documents, usually within 
the next day. We require a guarantor in almost every case, and both 
digital and physical signatures are used based on the customer’s 
preference. 
 
Thus, while we aim to maintain a 10-day TAT, external factors like 
registered mortgages can impact the overall timeline. 
 
Shivan Sarvaiya:  
Okay, sir. Okay.  
 
Vinod Jain: 
Sometimes, customers are unable to provide all the required documents 
on time—either they submit some documents on schedule and others 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd (SRGHFL) 
Q2 & H1’FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 30, 2024 10:40 AM IST 
 
12 
 
are delayed, or they provide everything late. As a result, the turnaround 
time (TAT) gets extended. Otherwise, our standard process is 
completed within 9 days. 
 
Shivan Sarvaiya :  
Okay. Sir, going forward, how will the disbursement LAP, which you 
said due to NHB guidelines there is some slowness seen. Going 
forward, will the mix of disbursement remain the same which is 70-30, 
housing loan versus LAP or will LAP be decreasing still.  
 
Vinod Jain: 
It's very It's quite straightforward. In LAP (Loan Against Property), you 
typically get 1-2% more, but you still need to adhere to NHB guidelines. 
Whether the loan amount is higher or lower doesn't matter; what matters 
is that 70% of the loan must be for housing purposes, as per the NHB 
rule. We cannot allow the ratio to shift too much in favor of LAPs, as 
that would impact our compliance. Our focus is on following NHB 
guidelines, and our systems and processes must be aligned with these 
requirements. 
 
Shivan Sarvaiya :  
Okay. Okay, sir. Thank you very much.  
 
Moderator: 
Thanks. I'll -- we will take the next question from Kevin. Kevin, you 
can go ahead, please.  
 
Kevin: 
Hi, sir. Good morning. Sir, I have three to four questions. Sir, the first 
question is that your loan book, geographically, which I am seeing in 
Maharashtra, is around 50%, how can it change in the next 3 to 5 years, 
like including the existing branches and new branches. Will these levels 
be seen as it is, or there can be any changes in it? 
 
Vinod Jain: 
Kevin, the business growth isn't necessarily higher in some states and 
lower in others. What we’re seeing is that with the new states we've 
started, like Maharashtra, we expect the numbers there to naturally rise. 
As a result, states like Rajasthan and Gujarat may see a slight decrease. 
This means the overall percentage will be lower in some places, but we 
can still manage the distribution. For example, Rajasthan might 
contribute around 40%, Gujarat around 30%, MP around 15%, and 
Maharashtra will start at 5-7%. While we can't take a simple average, 
we do expect growth in all four states over time. 
 
Kevin: 
Okay. Sir, second question is what is the role of Mr. Archis Jain in 
driving the growth, meaning what is his role in growing the company? 
 
Vinod Jain: 
Archis Jain is the CEO and is responsible for overseeing the entire 
business. He spends about 15 days a month in the field, primarily 
focusing on housing finance in rural areas. He believes that to 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd (SRGHFL) 
Q2 & H1’FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 30, 2024 10:40 AM IST 
 
13 
 
effectively manage this business, it's crucial to visit the branches and 
connect with the team on the ground. He directly oversees this aspect 
of the business. 
 
Kevin: 
Sir, and Mr. Harshil Mehta, who I see has come as your business 
strategy advisor, which was a positive surprise, can you say what has 
been his contribution in terms of growth and strategy? 
 
Vinod Jain: 
to build a big housing finance company, you need someone with a 
strong strategic vision—someone who has experience operating at that 
scale. When such a person creates a strategy, it’s well thought out, 
robust, and doesn’t require frequent revisions or lead to uncertainties. 
The benefit of having someone with this expertise extends to areas like 
new recruitment, team development, and understanding how to 
communicate and engage with them effectively. Their experience adds 
significant value in these aspects. 
 
Kevin: 
Sir, my last question is what is the average ticket size? Sir, your average 
ticket, maximum ticket size is INR 15 crore, okay. So, considering that 
we are working with the lower income group, what is their profile, do 
they come to us -- since they can get good credit from the bank, even 
then they are coming to us so what would their profile be, if you can 
say something about that? 
 
Vinod Jain: 
When someone applies for a loan at a bank, they are typically asked to 
provide three years' worth of income tax returns to even be considered. 
In India, only about 4% of the population consistently files income tax 
returns, which means 96% of people are excluded from the formal 
banking system. These individuals, especially those applying for a loan 
for the first time and lacking a tax return history, often turn to us for 
assistance. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Sir, can I add to this question, if I want to ask, like if say INR 15 crore 
income or if we are making a disbursal of INR 15 crore, then of course 
his income on 40-50% LTV will be INR 30 crore, or the asset must to 
INR 30 crore.  
 
Vinod Jain: 
It differ based on ticket size. For customers applying for a loan for the 
first time without an income tax return, we offer loans up to INR 10 
lakhs. For loans above INR 10 lakhs, we require the income tax return. 
Additionally, for loans in the 40%-25% LTA range, we assess the 
customer’s income, CIBIL score, and other factors before approval. The 
INR 15 crore ticket size primarily relates to housing loans, typically for 
residential complexes. These loans are few in number and not part of a 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd (SRGHFL) 
Q2 & H1’FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 30, 2024 10:40 AM IST 
 
14 
 
large portfolio. In total, they make up around 3% of the overall 
portfolio. 
 
                                           For example, if your book size is around INR 600 crore to INR 650 
crore, the 3% portion would represent a portfolio of approximately INR 
18 crore to INR 20 crore, typically located in prime areas, often in the 
main city. 
 
 
Moderator: 
Anybody who wishes to ask a question may kindly ask. Parag, you 
can go ahead, please. 
 
Parag: 
Namaste, Vinod Jain ji. 
 
Vinod Jain: 
Namaste. 
 
Parag: 
Happy Diwali, sir. 
 
Vinod Jain: 
Deepavali wishes to you too.  
 
Parag: 
Thank you, sir. Sir, I have two or three questions, like you have a larger 
focus on rural housing, and average income of a family is INR 30,000. 
So what is the proportion of EMI in this, EMI to income ratio if I want 
to know, sir?  
 
Vinod Jain: 
Sir, 50%, - 60%. 50% minimum, INR 15,000.  
 
Parag: 
INR 15,000 okay. And sir, my second question was many times in rural, 
I understand people have moral values, so normally they do not default 
as much. But sometimes a situation arises when a person cannot do 
anything. So, in that sense, the recovery that happens by taking the 
asset, is it saleable easily or -- their asset which is mortgaged, is it 
saleable easily or it becomes a little difficult because it is easier in urban 
areas. 
 
Vinod Jain: 
Parag ji, you made an excellent point earlier. We are able to recover 
money primarily due to the strong moral sense in rural areas. People 
there are less likely to default because, in villages, the borrower’s 
family and extended relatives live close by, often within the same 
community. This works to our advantage. By involving the family and 
bringing everyone together, we are able to settle the account quickly, 
often before we need to take possession of the property. If possession 
becomes necessary, rural properties are typically sold through auction. 
Interestingly, property prices in villages have now risen to levels higher 
than in some cities. In some areas, the cost per square foot has reached 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd (SRGHFL) 
Q2 & H1’FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 30, 2024 10:40 AM IST 
 
15 
 
INR 2,000-5,000, with construction costs also rising. We do face a 
margin gap, but even if the property value declines by 10-20%, we are 
still able to recover our money with relative ease. 
 
 
Parag: 
Got it, sir. Got it. And sir, I have a third question. In-between you had 
raised a QIP. Do you have any more plans of raising capital, because 
your enabling resolution is of INR100 crores, if I am not mistaken sir.  
 
Vinod Jain: 
Sir, we plan to raise an additional INR 50 crores by March, as we need 
funds to open new branches next year. This year is focused on 
expansion, and by March, we aim to have 100 branches in operation. 
After that, we won’t open more branches for the next 2-3 years. Our 
goal is to build a strong loan book from these 100 branches over the 
next few years, and once that’s achieved, we’ll look to expand further. 
                                          Since this is an expansion phase, expenses will be higher, and we will 
also need funding to support branch operations. Therefore, we will raise 
INR 50 crores in equity. 
 
Parag: 
So, the equity that we will raise is basically the capital cost for branch 
set up, or we also need for disbursement portion of money.  
 
Vinod Jain: 
Setting up a branch isn’t very expensive; we can establish a branch with 
an investment of around INR 3-4 lakhs. The capital needed is not for 
branch setup itself but for equity, which allows us to leverage and grow 
our loan book without any business disruptions. Even without this 
additional preparation, we could easily sustain operations for a year. 
However, to expand and scale the business effectively, with a strong 
team and the right infrastructure in place, we want to complete this 
phase and move forward. 
 
Parag: 
Got it. Thank you so much sir.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Arvind, would you like to ask question because you have 
been putting up the question on the chat, Arvind Kumar? I'd like to 
invite Nikunj Mehta to ask questions? 
 
Nikunj Mehta: 
Sir, my question is that we are in FY25. How do you think SRG 
Housing Finance will look after five years from today, can you paint a 
picture, process, size, geography, lending rates, employee base, 
whatever you think is appropriate, how SRG will be after five years? 
 
Vinod Jain: 
Nikunjji, you’ve asked a very insightful and tricky question, one that 
I’m not sure I want to fully address right now. But I’ll share my 
thoughts. If I’m expanding to 100 branches this year, it indicates that 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd (SRGHFL) 
Q2 & H1’FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 30, 2024 10:40 AM IST 
 
16 
 
our future strategy for business growth is strong. We see significant 
potential in rural housing finance, especially with the ongoing 
developments in India. Villages today are very different from what 
they used to be. You no longer see the traditional "kacha" houses 
((low income group housing without beams and columns); instead, 
villages now have proper roads, and most houses are built with cement 
and RCC (reinforced concrete), making the infrastructure much more 
stable. 
 
                                          Additionally, incomes in rural areas have improved significantly, and 
the earning potential in these regions is now better than in some urban 
areas. People in villages have a good standard of living, and they spend 
more. With the government’s schemes largely benefiting rural areas, 
these communities are experiencing substantial development. 
 
Second in the villages your earning capacity and income is much better 
than the city, the location it is very good. So, their income is also good 
and they also spend, so the villages have been completely developed. 
And the government's scheme mostly it comes in rural areas, so it also 
gets the benefit of that. And after working for so long, we thought that 
when we want to work at the rate at which we want, then ultimately the 
moto of the company should be the same, if it is the shareholder of the 
company, then even with less work, if you have more food and more 
income, then you are getting good business at the higher rate, then why 
should we not do it? 
 
It is not that I am running after AUM, and I am increasing my book. My 
focus is that my company should have more profit with less expenses 
and less efforts. What I see in the next 5 years, if my business grows 5 
times from here, then it will not be an exaggeration. It could be that I 
complete those things beforehand because we are preparing in the same 
way and our Pan India team is being formed, the Pan India team is also 
taking the same accordingly, all those HODs who are coming up are 
coming according to those who have taken inspiration from us. We are 
hiring the same team that has worked in 10 times the size. 
 
 
 
They come on target basis and work in the same way. So Nikunji, I don't 
want to say much but yes, it will be decided in the next year itself. You 
will start seeing that what you are thinking of, what we will achieve in 
5 years, you will see its results in the next year. 
 
Nikunj Mehta: 
Thank you sir, best wishes to you and your team for the season. Happy 
Diwali. 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd (SRGHFL) 
Q2 & H1’FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 30, 2024 10:40 AM IST 
 
17 
 
 
Vinod Jain: 
Thank you. Happy Diwali. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you Nikunj. Sir, there are some questions in chat from Mr. Anil 
Tulsiram. In rural areas it's difficult to check ownership documents 
and do valuation of property. How do we manage this risk, legal 
verification and valuation is in-house or outsourced? 
 
Vinod Jain: 
Sir, we have an in-house legal and technical team. However, our in-
house teams can't cover every location, so we also rely on external 
sources to prepare reports, which are then verified internally. Our legal 
department is fully equipped with a team of 15 professionals who 
handle legal vetting and related tasks. Each cluster has a dedicated legal 
officer, ensuring that the entire legal process is managed effectively. 
 
                                          We also have a strong technical team that handles all technical matters. 
It's not a case where rates or processes are fixed arbitrarily; everything 
is done only after thorough verification. 
 
                                          Regarding property documents, we ensure they are in line with the local 
authorities' requirements, whether it’s the Sarpanch, Pradhan, or other 
relevant officials. Nowadays, documents are being verified through an 
online system, thanks to the government's new initiatives. This has 
significantly reduced the time required for verification.  
 
                                           In my view, within a year, most documents will be fully accessible 
online, and the verification process will be even faster. Although it's not 
fully there yet, we’ve already started online verification in many places, 
and these processes are improving. So, the concerns or doubts around 
verification are being addressed effectively. 
 
Moderator: 
Sure. He has another question, by FY30 where can we see the company 
future by AUM, disbursement, branches and employees. It is long 
distance but --. 
 
Vinod Jain: 
I will have to look back from 2012 
 
Moderator: 
No, FY30, 2030. Sir what is your vision in terms of AUM, 
disbursement, branches and employees. 
 
Vinod Jain: 
It wouldn't be appropriate to provide an answer right now. We should 
first focus on reviewing the short-term commitments we've made for 
this year and aim to work on them. As for the 5-year plan, that can be 
discussed later. By the time my pan-India team is fully established, I’ll 
be in a better position to give you a proper response. We can revisit this 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd (SRGHFL) 
Q2 & H1’FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 30, 2024 10:40 AM IST 
 
18 
 
discussion in the April quarter, after we’ve completed one full financial 
year. 
 
Moderator: 
Sure sir. Anybody else who wishes to ask a question, may drop a 
message on chat or raise their hands. 
 
Anil Tulsiram: 
Can I ask question; can I ask a question?  
 
Moderator: 
Yeah, Anil, go ahead.  
 
Anil Tulsiram: 
Sir, we have mentioned that the monthly income of our customers is 
INR 30,000, I think they are only a little higher than the microfinance 
customers, so there are a lot of problems in microfinance, so are we 
seeing its effect on our customers, we are seeing some problems in the 
books? What is your opinion on that? 
 
Vinod Jain: 
Sir, there is a significant difference between microfinance customers 
and housing loan customers. Housing loan borrowers are generally 
more settled, whereas microfinance clients are usually involved in 
small-scale businesses or basic activities. Additionally, housing loans 
are secured loans, and people are far less likely to default on them. 
Unlike personal loans or microfinance loans, where defaults are more 
common, no one wants to default on a home where their family lives. 
That’s why, sir, there is generally less pressure in housing loans. 
 
Anil Tulsiram: 
Sir and you told FY25 you said you will create 100 more branches or 
that you will reach 100 branches, meaning?  
 
Vinod Jain: 
No, our total will reach 100 branches.  
 
Anil Tulsiram: 
Well, Sir, one last question is that no credit report of yours has come 
after December '23. So, whom do we have now through whom we are 
getting our credit rating done, meaning? 
 
Vinod Jain: 
Sir, we have CARE credit rating  
 
Anil Tulsiram: 
It must have been December 23. Okay, no one has come since then, so 
I was checking if something has changed. 
 
Vinod Jain: 
The review happens yearly, sir  
 
Anil Tulsiram: 
Yearly, okay, thank you sir, that's it. Those were all my questions sir. 
Thank you, sir. All the best 
 

SRG Housing Finance Ltd (SRGHFL) 
Q2 & H1’FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 30, 2024 10:40 AM IST 
 
19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you Anilji. Sir, since that was the last question for the day, we 
will bring this conference call to an end. Before we end the call, would 
you like to give any closing comments? 
 
Vinod Jain: 
Sir, before we conclude the call, I want to express my gratitude to the 
investors for the trust and support you've shown in SRG so far. The 
confidence you’ve placed in us is something we will never take for 
granted. The commitments we’ve made and the targets we’ve set are 
not just empty promises or figures; they are realistic and achievable. 
From the very beginning, it has been our practice to avoid making 
commitments we cannot fulfill. 
 
                                          Whether the market is performing well or poorly, we remain transparent 
and grounded in our approach. We don’t see our investors as just 
stakeholders; we view them as part of our extended family, working 
together to drive the company forward.  
 
                                          I’d also like to mention the new generation leadership with Archis Jain 
now as CEO. His deep knowledge and experience in rural housing 
finance will be a great asset. When someone from the family spends 15 
days in the field, it builds a strong foundation for the future. We believe 
this hands-on experience will benefit the company in the years to come. 
 
                                          With that, I conclude my remarks. We sincerely hope your trust in us 
continues to grow. Jai Jinendra. Thank you.  
 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you sir, and wish you all a very happy Diwali. Thank you to all 
the participants for joining on the call and thank you to management 
team for their valuable time.  
