 
Adani Green Energy Limited 
 
Tel +91 79 2555 5555 
Adani Corporate House, Shantigram,  
Fax +91 79 2555 5500 
Nr Vaishno Devi Circle, S G Highway  
investor.agel@adani.com 
Khodiyar, Ahmedabad 382 421 
 
www.adanigreenenergy.com 
Gujarat, India 
CIN: L40106GJ2015PLC082007 
 
Registered Office: Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Nr. Vaishno Devi Circle,  
S G Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India 
Date: October 26, 2024 
 
To 
BSE Limited  
 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
P J Towers,  
 
 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
Dalal Street,  
 
 
Bandra – Kurla Complex,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 541450 
 
Scrip Code: ADANIGREEN 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call pertaining to the Unaudited Financial Results 
for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024 
 
With reference to above, we hereby inform below link of transcript of the 
Earnings Call on Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of 
the Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024 held on 
October 23, 2024. 
 
Web link to access above transcript is: https://www.adanigreenenergy.com/-
/media/Project/GreenEnergy/Investor-Downloads/Results-Conference-Call-
Transcript/AGEL---Q2-FY25---Equity-Earnings-call-transcript.pdf    
 
Kindly take the above on your records. 
 
Thanking You 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For, Adani Green Energy Limited 
 
 
 
Pragnesh Darji 
Company Secretary 
PRAGNESH 
SHASHIKANT 
DARJI
Digitally signed by 
PRAGNESH SHASHIKANT 
DARJI 
Date: 2024.10.26 11:42:40 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Adani Green Energy Limited 
 
H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 23, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AMIT SINGH – CEO 
 
MR. SAURABH SHAH – CFO 
 
MR. RAJ KUMAR JAIN – HEAD BUSINESS 
DEVELOPMENT 
 
MR. ANUPAM MISRA – HEAD, GROUP CORPORATE 
FINANCE 
 
MR. VIRAL RAVAL – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANUJ UPADHYAY – INVESTEC CAPITAL SERVICES 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Adani Green Energy Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Adani Green Energy Limited H1 FY25 
Conference Call hosted by Investec Capital Services. As a reminder, all participants' lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Upadhyay from Investec Capital Services. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Thank you, Neha, and good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Investec Capital Services India 
Limited, we welcome you all to the H1 FY25 Earning Call for Adani Green Energy Limited. 
Today, we have with us the entire management team of Adani Green. I will now hand over the 
call to Mr. Viral Raval, Head IR, to introduce the management, and this will be followed by 
the opening remarks and Q&A. Over to you, Viral. Thank you. 
Viral Raval: 
Thank you, Anuj. Good afternoon, all the participants. Thank you for joining us in this call. 
We have Mr. Amit Singh, the CEO of Adani Green, with us on the call. We have Mr. Saurabh 
Shah, the CFO, Raj Kumar Jain, Head of Business Development, and I look after Investor 
Relations. And also, we have Mr. Anupam Misra, who Heads Group Corporate Finance. I now 
request Amit to start with opening remarks, which will be followed up by Q&A. 
Amit Singh: 
Hi, good morning, everyone. Lovely to meet you here online today. I'm happy to announce that 
AGEL has delivered a robust growth across all key metrics last quarter. Our revenue from 
power supply rose by 20% year-on-year to INR4,836 crores, backed by a robust capacity 
addition over the year. Our EBITDA from power supply has increased by 20% year-on-year to 
INR4,518 crores, while our cash profit surged by an impressive 27% year-on-year to INR2,640 
crores. This superior performance is a result of our relentless focus on project execution and 
operational excellence across all our sites. 
 
Over the last one year, we have added 2.9 gigawatt of greenfield capacity, bringing our total 
operation capacity to 11.2 gigawatt as of right now. Our energy sales increased by 20% year-
on-year to 14.1 billion units. Now, one of the most exciting developments is the ongoing 
construction of the world's largest renewable energy plant at Khavda in Gujarat, which I know 
some of you have also had a chance to visit. 
 
This 30-gigawatt project is set to become a global benchmark for ultra-large-scale renewable 
energy development at an unprecedented speed of execution. Within just 12 months of 
breaking ground in FY24, we have operationalized the first 2 gigawatt of solar capacity. Now, 
turning our attention towards FY25, we have made a comprehensive construction plan to 
deliver neighborhood of 6-gigawatt scale of renewable capacity. 

 
 
Adani Green Energy Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
This includes a detailed planning and execution, mobilization of in excess of 9,000 people 
during the monsoon period, long-lead material procurement, balance of plant setup, and 
several commission activities, which are ongoing in Khavda. As a result of this, we have 
already commissioned 250 megawatt wind capacity with 5.2 megawatt WTGs. These are the 
largest onshore wind turbines in the country. 
 
Even though the wind plant in Khavda is still under stabilization phase, we have seen a very 
good CUF of these machines, north of 44% for the last two months that it has been operational. 
We are forecasting a full year CUF of wind turbines to be in excess of 35%. The new wind 
capacity additions are on the merchant side, where the price realization in H1 has been very 
attractive as well. 
 
The CUF expected from the plant in Khavda for solar is expected to be above 32% on a full 
year basis from next year onward, which will lift up our overall portfolio CUF, which currently 
stands at 24%. This will further lead to significantly attractive returns to our portfolio.  
We are committed to our 6-gigawatt capacity addition this year, and our teams are working 
extensively to deliver the same. I expect one-third of the incremental capacity to be added 
within this quarter and the remainder towards end of the year. The monsoon, which extended 
by about a month, has caused some delay, but that is within the 10% standard variation that we 
build in the construction S-curve. This 6-gigawatt capacity represents excess of 30% of utility 
scale incremental capacity, which is expected in India this year. Post this capacity addition, we 
will have a run rate EBITDA in excess of INR16,000 crores on an install base of 17 gigawatt.  
Now, beyond the current year, we're actively also making progress towards construction and 
adding capacities in Khavda and Rajasthan, with a minimum run rate of 6-gigawatt going 
forward. This further solidifies our resolve to continue to contribute a significant portion of 
India's utility scale renewable power as the country requires. 
 
Now, let's turn our attention towards business development updates. AGEL has received a 
letter of award for supply of 5-gigawatt of solar power to Maharashtra State Discom through a 
25-year fixed tariff PPA. This gives a significant boost to our contracted portfolio. 
 
We have further signed the first C&I agreement to supply 61 megawatt of renewable energy to 
power data center as well, which will help advance Google's 24-7 carbon-free energy goal for 
its cloud services and operations in India. This is our first step towards decarbonizing the 
industries, enabling energy-intensive operations like data centers to fulfill their power 
requirements with cost-effective and clean energy solutions.  
Over the past two years, battery storage prices have dropped by an impressive 66%, presenting 
an exciting opportunity to couple these systems with solar plants. This synergy not only 
accelerates the growth of renewable energy and enhances the efficiency of our transmission 
infrastructure, but it also unlocks the potential to capture significant price arbitrage in power 
markets between peak and off-peak hours. We are actively pursuing several opportunities 
which are expected to materialize in the next financial year.  

 
 
Adani Green Energy Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Our growth is driven by a robust capital management plan with focus on utmost credit 
discipline. Having delivered the intended capacity growth, we completely redeemed the 
USD750 million Holdco bond in line with our commitment, resulting in systematic 
deleveraging. Additionally, we have strengthened our strategic partnership with TotalEnergies 
by forming a new joint venture comprising a 1.15-gigawatt renewable portfolio, wherein we 
have received an investment of USD444 million from TotalEnergies. 
We remain equally committed to maintain the highest standards of environmental, social and 
governance practices. AGEL is proud to be the first renewable energy company in India to join 
the utilities for Net Zero Alliance. We have retained our top ESG rankings in the latest 
assessments by various global ESG rating agencies. 
To summarize, we have strengthened our contracted portfolio by adding a 5-gigawatt project 
LOA, signed the first C&I agreement to power a data center in a very fast-growing space and 
also maintained a consistent progress in execution of current year projects across all our sites. 
Coupled with a solid capital management strategy, we are well on our track to achieve the 
stated goals of 50 gigawatt of renewable energy target by 2030. Thank you, and back to you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Sabri Hazarika from Emkay Global Financial Services. 
Please go ahead. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Good afternoon. So I have three questions. First is with respect to the 6-gigawatt capacity that 
you have to commission. So you mentioned 2 gigawatt will be commissioned this quarter itself 
and the remaining fourth quarter will be towards the end of this year. So we're expecting it to 
be commissioned towards the fag-end of March or somewhere between the Q4 of this financial 
year? 
Amit Singh: 
I think these capacities are expected to be commissioned towards the end of the quarter. I 
mean, these are the construction estimates, which we usually carry. So they have some 
deviation plus or minus few weeks as you would recognize, but that's our current estimate, 
barring no other unforeseen circumstances. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Right. And once Khavda capacity reaches 7 to 8 gigawatts, so we have the evacuation also 
ready, right? I mean the Phase 2 could be like ready by that time for entire like 7 to 8 gigawatt 
of Khavda capacity being able to be evacuated, right? 
Amit Singh: 
Absolutely. I think with our complete forward planning, which we do, we make sure that the 
first constraint we apply is essentially around evacuation availability. And we work with any 
of the different companies and make sure that we keep very close contact and monitor their 
progress and we make decisions as we go. But as of right now, until end of next year, we have 
clear line-of-sight on evacuation and none of our projects will face any kind of bottling or 
delays because of evacuation. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Right. Second question is on this C&I deal that you have signed with Google. So I don't know 
whether it's publicly disclosed or not, but can you give us some idea on the pricing and the 
tenure of this deal? 

 
 
Adani Green Energy Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Amit Singh: 
Yes, I'm going to ask our Head of Business to give a few comments. The pricing we will not 
be able to disclose, but it's very accretive to our portfolio. But Raj, why don't you give a bit of 
a color on all that? 
Raj Kumar Jain: 
So we have been engaging with global utility players in this field, I would say global tech 
players who have this kind of a huge requirement. And as you know, with advent of AI and 
continuous focus on some of these tech players in caching that opportunity, India becomes 
very important for them to put their establishment and at the same time, we also are monitoring 
the data policies of India, which actually gives them additional opportunity to do things in 
India. So, it is a large space where we are active. 
 
This is the first deal which we have signed up with them, which opens up a significant market 
for us in this area, apart from the conventional players. This is a long-term deal with them for 
supplying of green electrons at an attractive price. As Amit mentioned, the pricing is 
something which is commercially sensitive, but it is significantly higher than what you would 
get in normal long-term discom PPAs. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Right, sir. When is it expected to commission? 
Raj Kumar Jain: 
We expect this supplies to start somewhere in Q3 next calendar year. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Q3 of calendar year '25, right? 
Amit Singh: 
The reason I think this project we are very proud of is because it's one amongst several 
projects, which we are pursuing in this space and we are very upbeat on the response we're 
getting from the market because we are one of the companies with such a big footprint of solar 
wind. And also, we have very good geographical diversification, which our C&I customers are 
asking to make sure that they have a very reliable RTC solution. So we are very uniquely 
positioned actually to deliver on those aspirations they have. 
Raj Kumar Jain: 
I think, on this point, Sabri, I would say is what we have been finding with a lot of these 
customers is, I think there has been lot of discussions they had with a lot of players in the 
market, but they are finding that execution and the timely delivery of power is a big 
differentiator, which they value and that's where our track-record really gives them comfort in 
terms of tying up with us. And with the kind of understanding which we have as a power 
sector company and the growth, we are able to demonstrate them how things would move for 
them as a solution. And that again is a huge comfort when they deal with us. So that obviously 
helps us in pricing at the same time to ensure that the deals are closed in a manner where it is 
mutual one. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Thank you so much. And last question is basically related to the financials. So I think, I mean, 
if we look into a minority interest that’s paid to Total JVs and also the share of profits from 
associated JVs. So those numbers are fluctuating a lot since the last two, three quarters. So can 
you give us some guidance on these two line items going ahead how it would likely turn out to 
be? 

 
 
Adani Green Energy Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Saurabh Shah: 
So share of profits which have increased from the associates and joint venture is because of 
our 26% stake in Mundra Solar Energy Limited where the company has been doing 
exceptionally well. They are having 2 gigawatts of TOPCon line, which they are supplying 
towards where there is an export and domestic order growth. So because of that, as our share is 
26%, we are getting a better profitability. On the NCI, the number is because of the operational 
capacities that are there in Total JV, which are doing well.  
Viral Raval: 
Just to add to what Saurabh said, the 26% equity stake that we hold in MSEL is basically as 
part of the manufacturing linked tender that we have with SECI. And on the other part (profit 
attributable to non controlling interest), the reason why it contributes a major portion is 
because these are older assets with higher tariffs and they have also progressed in their project 
life at a higher-level compared to other projects that we have in the pipeline. So from that 
perspective, it looks like it contributes more in the overall profit. But in terms of EBITDA, 
they are broadly in line with where they should be in terms of the actual asset mix. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Right. And even the minority interest seems to have gone up. If I look sequentially, it has gone 
up significantly despite Q2 being a weaker quarter, but minority interest has gone up from 
INR183 crores to INR239 crores. So any particular reason or it's just debt repayment only due 
to which the interest cost down? 
Viral Raval: 
I think that is the reason why it will keep on going up, because the debt keeps on reducing, 
because we have a systematic amortizing structure on the debt. So, debt keeps on reducing 
there, and that's why the profit keeps on increasing for those assets. For newer assets, it will be 
slightly less, because the interest is higher, because the debt amortization has not gone to that 
level. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
So, annually, what could be the number on a steady state for this minority interest? Because I 
think your -- I mean, group PAT, that's why has fallen significantly. I mean even Y-o-Y, it is 
down, if I look into the PAT of Adani shareholders, then it's down from say, INR372 crores 
last year to say INR276 crores. Just from a modelling point-of-view, just wanted some more 
color on this? 
Viral Raval: 
The way a renewable project works is basically it has an amortizing structure of debt and that's 
why the PAT will keep on increasing through the project life 
Saurabh Shah:                    And since there was a refinancing which happened last year itself there in December only. So 
the interest cost has further gone down. And because of that, there is this number which has 
gone up. And that PAT will now be in the same range going forward or maybe slightly higher 
depending on how the amortization keeps on happening and the interest cost on an actual basis 
keeps on going down. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Yes. So INR240 crores to INR250 crores could be the rate we can, for the time being, assume 
every quarter? 
Saurabh Shah: 
Yes. On an accelerated trend.  
Sabri Hazarika: 
Thank you so much. I'll be back in the queue. Thanks a lot. 

 
 
Adani Green Energy Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Puneet from HSBC India. Please go ahead. 
Puneet: 
Yes, thank you so much. And my question is on similar line. If you can give some sense of 
attributable EBITDA and attributable debt for your 11.2 gigawatt capacity. 
Saurabh Shah: 
So from an attributable EBITDA perspective, for this year we are looking at a run rate range of 
about INR10,800 crores. And on PAT basis, depending on the capacity which are there with 
Total it will be in the similar range from six months we have included. 
Puneet: 
So INR10,800 crores is your share of EBITDA out of 11.2 gigawatt? 
Viral Raval: 
So the INR10,800 is the total run rate EBITDA for the entire 11.2 gigawatts and about 
INR2,500 crores is the EBITDA, which is attributable to the joint venture based on just current 
operational capacity because there are certain under-construction assets also, so the EBITDA 
will further increase. But based on the current operational capacity, the number is that much. 
Saurabh Shah: 
And that 2,500, again, 50% of that is towards the NCI. 
Puneet: 
And I see in last first half you haven't executed much, I think, 200, 300 megawatt added. Any 
particular reason, second-quarter understandable on monsoon, but 1Q also was weak and there 
is not much spillover, which I thought will happen in 2Q. Any thoughts there? 
Amit Singh: 
Yes, I think absolutely. See, we have to keep in mind our run rate and we do a two or three-
year planning and execution. And what we do is we make sure that we line balance in different 
parts of the activity in construction stage. So we work on, for example, each of the different 
elements, whether it is piling across different blocks, putting the balance of plant in place. And 
we want to make sure that we are confident of delivering these things over a 2- or 3-years 
horizon. Obviously, the monsoon period extended by a month, which kind of took away the 
active working period in Khavda, but that was kind of budgeted in our overall plan, but 
definitely it put a bit of pressure in our execution for the second quarter. 
 
But nevertheless, I think we are fully back up again and we are catching up on any kind of 
back-and-forth from previous quarter. And you will see a gradual delivery of each of these 
projects in the next 6 months. Now again, I think we're getting a better understanding of some 
of these weather patterns, but these delays are normal to such large construction projects and 
some places we will come ahead and some places it might be slightly behind, but we are 
talking within the plus minus 10% construction S-curve. 
Puneet: 
And in the 6 gigawatt, how much should be wind and how much should be solar? 
Amit Singh: 
We are expecting wind to be approximately around 1 gigawatt and solar to be approximately 5 
gigawatt. And I'd like to remind you that 80% of the wind capacity is going to be on a 
merchant market as well. So that also gives very accretive returns to our portfolio. 
Puneet: 
That's very helpful. And just if you can comment on your evacuation pipeline, would it be fair 
to assume that we have evacuation till FY '27 and '28 or is it limited to '26 end? 

 
 
Adani Green Energy Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Amit Singh: 
No, I think, we look at evacuation in two ways, right? I think we look at evacuation and land 
and we want to make sure that we have availability to evacuate power. So if you look at our 
overall portfolio level, we have mapped each of the different PPAs, each of the different 
projects and we have a land bank, which is in excess of 70 gigawatt. And we then make sure 
that we derisk our evacuation. We look at the progress happening in different states and 
different substations. And we make sure that we prioritize the projects where we have higher 
probability of evacuation. And the next 2, 3 years, we have absolute 100% clarity that we are 
not getting anywhere locked. 
 
Beyond that, I think there are lot of active projects which are done by our sister-company 
AESL and Power Grid and other companies, which we are keeping a close watch on. So, yes, 
we would like transmission lines to come faster. Yes, we would like things to move better in 
Rajasthan. But as per our 50 gigawatt target, we have derisked it completely from evacuation 
point-of-view. 
Puneet: 
Okay. 50 gigawatts is entirety derisked now? 
Amit Singh: 
Yes. Obviously, a lot of projects are in-flight, as you know, in Rajasthan and Khavda. So they 
have to happen within that construction period timeline. But the next 2 years, 3 years, we have 
line-of-sight. But beyond that time horizon, as you know, those construction projects are in 
early stages and those we will get better confidence as time goes by, but we feel that we will 
be well set for 50 gigawatt. 
Puneet: 
Okay. And lastly on the C&I part, Adani Energy Solutions is also targeting a C&I business. 
Would you be providing power to them or would you be competing with them? How should 
one think about that? 
Amit Singh: 
No, I think that's an additional opportunity, which we are looking at. I think depending on 
whether it is Adani Energy Solutions or other companies because whoever comes to us and 
looking for large-scale utility power at a good price, we are able to provide. We are not going 
to go into final last-mile distribution. And so we are going to look for partnerships for that. 
And I think Adani Energy Solutions is a great partner. And there is very much potential for 
value-creation for both companies. 
Puneet: 
That's very helpful. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Amit Singh: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Nigania from Bernstein Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Nigania: 
Hi, thank you for taking my question. My first question is on the short-term power market. 
Last quarter it was 30% of the company's revenue. If you could throw some color on what 
share was it in the current quarter? 
Amit Singh: 
Yes, I think current quarter, I think we have a good portfolio between 2.5, 3 gigawatts, which 
is operating between infirm and merchant. So, yes, we can look at it out of 11.2. So that's what 

 
 
Adani Green Energy Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
it is. And I think these projects, these are unique opportunities in different PPAs, which we are 
benefiting from. And it will kind of evolve in a different pattern going forward as these PPA 
timelines get materialized. 
Nikhil Nigania: 
Are this possible to quantify it in Q2, how much was it in terms of sales? 
Viral Raval: 
In H1, in total, the merchant revenue was about INR1,070 crores. 
Nikhil Nigania: 
Thank you. And also regarding the construction plan for this years, last time it was guided that 
out of the 6 gigawatts, 1.8 would be merchant, does the plan still hold? 
Amit Singh: 
Yes. The plan is still the same, yes. 
Nikhil Nigania: 
Thank you so much. The second question I had was something, which I couldn't see in the 
presentation is the future pipeline. So is it fair to assume that about 8 to 10 gigawatts is PPA 
signed and the 5 gigawatt from Maharashtra is on top of or has there been any other movement 
on that? 
Amit Singh: 
No, absolutely. That's the right way to look at it as well, Nikhil. I think we are diversifying. 
We are not only looking for fixed term PPAs, we are looking for merchant opportunities and 
C&I opportunities. There are other tenders as well, which we are participating in. You 
probably are keeping a close tab on it, so you know. So that will also get added to our 
portfolio.  
Nikhil Nigania: 
And just on the Maharashtra contract, if you could clarify one point maybe I missed reading 
into, is the execution and commissioning timeline, the overall seeing 4 years, but for the 
renewable business also, is it the same or is it a shorter timeline we have for that? 
Amit Singh: 
Yes, I think the contours of the project are such that it is close to 4 years. And it depends on 
availability of evacuation and other parameters. We have the LOA and I think we are making 
progress towards finalizing the agreements and so on. So yes. 
Nikhil Nigania: 
Thank you so much. Just last two questions are bookkeeping ones. There is a big other 
financial liabilities number, which we could see go up from INR1,600 crores to INR4,600 
crores this quarter. Could you please clarify what is that element? 
Viral Raval: 
This is primarily be on account of the capex-related liabilities. It is primarily related to the 
construction. 
Nikhil Nigania: 
And one last point, just I think which was discussed a bit earlier as well on the non-controlling 
interest, which went up this quarter. Given the news on TotalEnergies is further investing in 
the JV of the Group, while it definitely gives confidence of Total in the company, wouldn't this 
number again go up in subsequent quarters with that investment? 
Viral Raval: 
It will keep on going up. So in a 25-year project life what happens is the debt has an 
amortizing structure. So the interest cost keeps on going down through the years. And for this 
particular portfolio, because for the JV portfolio, if you remember the 2.3 gigawatt was formed 

 
 
Adani Green Energy Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
in 2020 and the assets were constructed before that. So what has happened is debt is 
significantly amortized for those assets. 
It also has slightly higher tariffs, because these are older projects. So that's why the 
contribution, it might seem that it is increasing, but it's basically that's how the renewable 
project model is built. And this will happen for other projects also in the portfolio that we have 
under AGEL directly also. 
Raj Kumar Jain: 
See two things to note further here. We have been saying that you have to look at the RE 
project on an debt-to-EBITDA over the life of the project. So now what is happening is as the 
debt is being paid, your debt-to-EBITDA is moving towards a 3 or less than 3 kind of an 
average debt-to-EBITDA. So that's what is happening and you are seeing the impact in terms 
of higher profitability for the projects which are mature. That's one. Second, I think what is 
important is from an overall portfolio perspective, the three JVs or three transactions, which 
we have done is roughly 4,500 megawatt in terms of capacity. So on a 50 gigawatt, on a fully 
built-out basis, you will have this JV at 4,500 megawatt and attributable capacity there will be 
2,250 megawatt on a 50 gigawatt basis. So, obviously, the EBITDA would be broadly around 
that in terms of attribution to Total and the profitability in long-term would also reflect that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ketan from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Ketan: 
If you could share merchant realization and merchant market volume for the quarter, I think 
number of units? 
Amit Singh: 
We can sell our power both in DAM and G-DAM markets. So for solar, I think it has been 
around INR2.59 for Q2, and Q1 was INR3.11. And for wind, it was a very impressive INR 
5.81 for Q1 and INR 5.06 for Q2. So on a H1 basis, I think the numbers are INR 2.85 for solar 
and INR 5.43 for wind. And these numbers tend to improve in the next quarter and the 
following quarter. 
The last quarter was a bit unique because of very high delivery of hydropower into the grid. 
The numbers were a bit subdued, but that is a bit of a unique situation because of excessive 
monsoon. And so we're expecting the prices to recover from and go back towards what they 
used to be. 
Ketan: 
My question is on the price difference, like in merchant market on G-DAM, the realizations 
are at around above INR3 and the realizations on PPA is around INR2.5. What explains the 
gap? 
Raj Kumar Jain: 
So I think this is obviously the near-term markets are more reflection of the current demand 
and supply. And the forward market in terms of 20-25 years fixed-rate will obviously have the 
assurances being built into in terms of pricing, the offtake, the credit which you get and the 
certainty, which is there developed with our offerings at a lower price. These are two different 
markets and has different risk profile and reward profile. 
And that's where we have been guiding that we will have a percentage of our overall portfolio 
in one profile andfew other in the few other markets for other part of the capacity. And PPA 

 
 
Adani Green Energy Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
part, they would be a significant part of our capacity. So it's a question of product mix, what 
someone want to play. For us we are optimizing that for the maximum shareholder returns. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Abhyankar from UTI Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Thank you, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So I wanted to understand whether we haven't seen 
you participating in utility-scale tenders for quite some time, but the activity has picked up a 
lot in last 18 months. So should we expect you to start participating there for some of the 
complex projects, the pricing is very good? 
Amit Singh: 
Yes. I think we look at each project as an opportunity and we want to be very clear that our 
strategy is twofold. We want to maximize our run rate in execution and we want to fill our 
pipeline of that execution with highly accretive returns of projects. And when we look at those 
returns in the projects in some of these complex tenders, as you mentioned, on the face of it, 
the pricing might look nice. We analyse them in detail and we make sure that we participate in 
the ones we can maximize and high-grade our portfolio. 
So we looked at each opportunity in that way and I want to bring your attention towards, for 
example, battery storage solutions. The battery prices have fallen quite rapidly in the last six to 
nine months. And there are a lot of solutions which we are curating and we are working on 
quite actively, which you will see we will be participating both in the market and also in 
merchant opportunities and maximize our returns. At our utility scale and having the benefit of 
large-scale projects availability in Khavda. 
We have an opportunity to use a nighttime connectivity and maximize our returns. So we look 
at each of these opportunities individually and we participate where we can add value. And we 
are participating in hybrid. We are participating in some storage-linked solutions, RTC 
solutions, and that will be our approach. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
And sir, what exactly are your views on the battery prices? Is it structurally in a downward 
trend or do you think that it is a short-term phenomenon? 
Amit Singh: 
I think there are two things. One is, it has definitely benefited from what's happening 
internationally, especially what happened in China. So the battery prices are going to come 
down. But very importantly, the research work going on, on the battery chemistry to improve 
the number of cycles of these battery systems will also improve the unit cost of these batteries. 
So we should look at this in twofold. One is the material side of things, the cost side of things. 
And second is the improvement in chemistry, improvement in cathode, which will further 
increase the cycles and hence reduce the unit cost of a cycle for battery systems. 
This downward trend is going to be a long-term downward trend and this will greatly benefit 
our renewable sector in India and internationally as well. So we are very excited. We feel that 
we will be benefiting from this trend along with pump storage projects we are commissioning 
and this will absolutely add an extra sets of wings to our platform. 

 
 
Adani Green Energy Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
And sir, do you think that if there downward trend in the battery prices remains or continues, 
say, for the next one, two years, BESS will be the preferred choice over PSP and PSP won't be 
required at all? 
Amit Singh: 
No, I think you should not look at it like this. I think India requires both. And if you look at 
BESS, typically their current lives is what 12 years, give or take, these battery systems 
deteriorate quite quickly. And if you look at the unit cost, it is still almost 2x on a LCOE basis 
for green power from a battery system. So PSP can be almost half the price of the battery 
system. And then you will have issues of battery system after 12 years. How do you dispose 
them off. 
And the pumped storage projects have a lifespan of hundred years. Pump storage has inertia, 
brings voltage control, can discharge six, seven hours straight away. So lot of applications of 
these storage solutions are going to be different. We are going to maximize both. India needs 
both and we will make sure that we take full advantage of that. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Sure. And just a final question, this 5 gigawatt that it was a blended tender for thermal plus 
renewables. So are there any more such opportunities available right now? 
Amit Singh: 
Yes, I'm going to pass it on to Raj. 
Raj Kumar Jain: 
So, yes, this is something which is an emerging product and we have seen a lot of interest in 
that from some of the DISCOMs in the country because, obviously, when one helps the other 
in reducing the cost and it becomes more palatable as a purchase by the DISCOMs. So that's 
something which is finding a lot of interest by the DISCOMs and we expect some of these 
tenders to gain more traction. And obviously, as a group, it is a strength, which gives us a 
much better value for our stakeholders and we would be having an anchor position in some of 
these things that will come up. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vijay Kumar from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Vijay Kumar: 
Yes. So my first question is on your merchant capacities, like how would the funding happen 
for these projects, especially from the debt side? Because I believe that financial institutions 
will enforce or ask for a long-term PPA to fund. 
Amit Singh: 
Look, I think, all the banking institutions we work with, they are very happy with our track 
record of delivery. And they have understood our numbers. They know our capex and our CUF 
we generate from these plants. This gives a lot of confidence for them when we go for 
merchant finance as well. And when we combine this with our existing PPAs, we are able to 
get a very attractive portfolio combination of PPA and merchant, which they are very much 
willing and encouraging us to finance. And that will continue. And as we progress, that will 
only grow and improve going forward. So, yes, we do a 70-30 debt structure, 75-25 structure. 
Vijay Kumar: 
So who would these financial institutions be? Would it be Indian private bank or is it like PFC, 
REC? 
Amit Singh: 
These opportunities are both in ECB lenders and also domestic. So everybody, pretty much. 

 
 
Adani Green Energy Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Vijay Kumar: 
Sure. So they are not particular about an asset not having a PPA is what you're trying to tell. 
Amit Singh: 
Yes, I think they have confidence in the Indian market. I think they have looked at Indian 
market together with us for quite some time. They have seen how the market is responding, the 
growth of demand and the confidence they have on the merchant pricing as well. And that kind 
of further underpins our confidence in the market and, yes, they are with us on that. 
Vijay Kumar: 
Sure. My second question is on, say, the storage. So you mentioned you would be bidding for 
storage-based tenders and you're also having a pipeline of PSP projects that you would want to 
develop. So what is the plan to tie up on getting power to charge these capacities? Because if 
you tie-up this through a PPA, you would probably end up paying INR2.5 for getting a solar 
power, but off late we are seeing in the merchant market or the exchanges in the afternoon 
times the prices are less than even INR1. 
So how will this thinking be? Will you buy power to charge these storage capacities, both 
battery and PSP from exchanges or you would have to tie it up to a long-term PPA? 
Raj Kumar Jain: 
So I think it's a dynamic mix which someone has to continuously optimize. The best part is 
that we have our own capacity and the flexibility built into that when it comes to RE 
generation that we can do our own tie-ups in terms of supplying power for battery as well as 
PSPs. And in a lot of cases also augment that with exchange-based purchases within the 
framework, okay. So it is what will give an additional value to overall returns which we get out 
of these projects, if we are able to combine some of these capabilities. 
In terms of tying up, we have again multiple products where this can be used as a storage. It 
can obviously be given as a service. It can always be combined with a peak power solution, it 
can be combined with an RTC solution. It can be given to DISCOM or to a C&I or it can also 
take a market exposure. So with all these combinations, we look with this whiteboard on a 
very dynamic basis and decide on that strategy and you can see those results when we publish 
that, our deltas in terms of realizations which we have compared to the market are much better. 
Vijay Kumar: 
Sure. Sir, my final question is on, say, the distribution companies. We moved from plain 
vanilla solar wind to tenders which are like a hybrid. Now increasingly it is FDRE or load 
matching or peak power. Now do you see there as a country as a whole, the interest from 
DISCOMs is there to sign any of these PPAs without any issues because we are seeing certain 
PPAs not getting signed? And if so, would we go back to again plain vanilla solar and wind 
kind of interest from DISCOMs? How is DISCOMs behaviour and intention according to you? 
Amit Singh: 
So see, it depends, again, the situation of every DISCOM, which has to be assessed differently, 
say Maharashtra is a recent example where you see they did thermal plus solar as a scenario 
where they tied-up large capacities. They have also done some hybrids and they have also 
done some battery storage tenders. They have done some recent FDRE tie-up as well. So it 
depends on the DISCOMs, how they see their own power mix and how they are seeing the 
load curves. Obviously, different parts of load curves has to be catered based on various 
sources. 

 
 
Adani Green Energy Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
So the product mix is something which is not necessarily a fixed product mix, which people 
will look at and they will play what makes cheaper power for their own purchases. So that's the 
way it will move. You saw a lot of tenders which were happening in FDRE and we have not 
necessarily seen significant tie-ups on that just because the product, in a lot of cases, has not 
necessarily catered to the need of the DISCOMs. So the bids happened, but the tie-ups has 
been slow. At the same time over a period, we expect that some of those will get tied-up, some 
have got cancelled in terms of tenders by SECI. 
Hybrids again has seen a slow tie-up, but now they are actually moving towards tie-ups. Solar 
wind has seen good amount of tie-up still and you will see some of these mixes changing. Now 
the recent fascination, I would say is to call the bids around batteries, obviously because the 
prices are becoming attractive. So they want to look at peak solutions independently. There is 
some VGF scheme behind the batteries, which is also prompting some of the DISCOMs to 
look at that product. And we have also seen recently PSP tenders. 
So, I think, what is important is as strategies, as a developer, I have to look at and I'll be there, 
where the play is something which is de-risked and I'm able to make more bucks for the 
investment I do. So I think that's how it is to be seen. And that's the reason you have not seen 
us in some of the complex products where we saw that this particular kind of a thing may have 
a limited shelf-life in near-term. But again, I'm not saying that some product will not come 
back, it depends on the DISCOMs' demand requirements. 
Vijay Kumar: 
My final question is on this recent PSP tender from MSEDCL where the DISCOM and the 
regulator seem to say that around INR8.5 or INR8.7, the final tariff is too high and they put a 
ceiling of around INR6.5, if I'm not wrong. Like how is this economically logical and how can 
one deliver at INR6.5 power from PSP with considering input cost of INR2.7? I don't think we 
won the tender, but I'm just trying to understand rationale for asking to supply from PSP at a 
tariff of INR6.5. If that is the case, how can PSP projects make a good return? 
Raj Kumar Jain: 
So, see, I do not want to necessarily comment on a specific situation again in which regulator 
and DISCOM is involved. However, what is important is PSP has its own merit and you have 
seen more tenders in the market apart from a particular case, I'm sure the utility which a PSP 
provides to a DISCOM is valued because as Amit mentioned earlier, it is still cheaper than -- 
significantly cheaper than what a battery-based BESS can provide you as a number. So it has a 
significant value there and it is a solution, which can actually provide a longer-term power. It 
still will be not seen in batteries where people are tying up more than four hours of power. But 
in this case, this can be significantly higher. 
So I think the value proposition is there. There are multiple DISCOMs which are clearly eying 
there are two, three vendors, which are already there in the market for PSP as a service, we 
know that some DISCOMs are actually looking to even come up with a peak power tender 
based on PSP. So it will evolve. It's difficult to comment on a specific scenario on this call. 
Vijay Kumar: 
Okay. So my final question is on what is in your opinion, the storage cost per unit from PSP, 
just the storage cost component from PSP? 

 
 
Adani Green Energy Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Amit Singh: 
No, I think some of these numbers, I think you know we would rather keep it for tenders. What 
we can say is that we have access to north of 20-gigawatt scale of different PSP sites, these 
vary and they are fairly attractive for the market. And, yes, I think this is a very big 
opportunity for India for us and we will make sure that as we tie these up, we will share the 
numbers with you as well in due course. 
Moderator: 
 The next question is from the line of Anuj Upadhyay from Investec Capital Services. Please 
go ahead. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Sir, in initial remark, you made a comment that Adani Green has the capability or in the 
pipeline to add nearly around 70 gigawatt of capacity. So while we are aware of the 50 to 55 
gigawatt, which we had planned over Khavda and Rajasthan alongside the PSP project, are 
there incremental land-bank, which we have acquired or in early-stage of acquiring, which can 
accommodate incremental 15 gigawatt capacity? Can you throw some light on this? 
Amit Singh: 
Yes, I think specifically, I think as you know, this is a business where land is going to come 
very, very handy and we are actively both in the process of acquiring and adding to our 
portfolio in Rajasthan, in Gujarat, but also we are looking at different sites in Karnataka, 
Andhra and Tamil Nadu as well and Madhya Pradesh for both solar and wind. We want to 
make sure that we have a diversified set of land banks and we want to make sure that we tie 
them up. 
Exact details I won't be sharing on this call. I think as these rates go up as soon as we tell 
where we are buying. So we're not going to do that. But you have to take my word for it, we 
have a very strong footprint of land bank already and we are doing that quite significantly in 
parallel. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
And last question, just a clarification. As you mentioned that the minority interest would keep 
going up from here. So we can expect a similar kind of an investment by Total across other 
projects as well. Whenever there is an equity requirement, we can expect such kind of an 
investment keep happening going ahead as well. Is my assumption correct, sir? 
Amit Singh: 
Yes. I think, look, I think TotalEnergies is very actively working with us in AGEL. We share 
the de-carbonization ambition, which both the companies have. And as they want to grow their 
portfolio, this opportunity will remain and maybe they will exercise. I don't want to speak on 
their behalf, but we welcome that.  
Anupam Misra: 
Yes, let me clarify that. Today, there is no optionality on either side to be able to do this. It is 
something that at the right time, both parties will discuss. And in case the Board of Adani 
Green agrees and says it's the right thing for Adani Green to do, it will be exercised. But there 
is no such optionality available in either Total or with us with respect to future JVs. While the 
minority interest is growing is because there are under-construction projects in the JVs. 
As and when they become operational, they start generating cash. Viral and as well as Raj had 
outlined earlier how the debt repayment has meant that free cash flow available from operating 
assets is just higher. Therefore, the minority interest starts looking bigger. So that's the way to 
look at this. 

 
 
Adani Green Energy Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Raj Kumar Jain: 
I will add one more point. Whatever is being under-construction asset Total will also be 
investing in the relevant equity for those assets. So I think they will be investing further money 
for whatever is to be constructed or is under-construction, whatever equity requirement is 
there. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand over the call to the management for 
closing comments. 
Amit Singh: 
Thank you. First of all, I would like to wish you in advance a very Happy 
Diwali. I hope you are able to take some time off in this festive season and spend time with 
your family and friends. And summarize our call today, we are really focused on two things in 
broadly what we talked about. First, making sure that we deliver on our targets. We deliver on 
the execution plan we have talked about not only this year, but next year and beyond. And for 
that, we are making sure that we completely de-risk our planning, procurement, construction 
progress. And take into account any of the weather patterns which we encounter. And second, 
we want to make sure that we maximize our returns and we continue to improve our returns on 
a lifecycle basis of our projects. Now I understand it is very difficult for you to calculate from 
the public numbers, but these ROE numbers we are shooting for always accretive to our 
portfolio and continue to grow. So with that, thank you and we'll touch base later in the next 
call. Thank you. 
Viral Raval: 
Thank you, Anuj, and Investec team for organizing this call. Thanks a lot all the participants, 
once again, for participating in the call. Please feel free to touch base if you have any further 
questions. Thank you. Bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Investec Capital Services, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer:      This transcript is provided without express or implied warranties of any kind and should be read in conjunction with the accompanying materials 
published by the company. The information contained in the transcript is a textual representation of the company's event and while efforts are made to 
provide an accurate transcription, there may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the reporting of the substance of the event. The transcript has 
been edited wherever required for clarity, correctness of data or transcription error. 
 
This document may contain “forward-looking statements” - that is, statements related to future, not past, events. In this context, forward-looking statements 
often address our expected future business and financial performance, and often contain words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” 
“seeks,” “should” or “will.” Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain. These uncertainties may cause 
our actual future results to be materially different that those expressed in our forward-looking statements. We do not undertake to update our forward-looking 
statements. 
 
