 
November 21, 2024  
 
To, 
The Manager (CRD) 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
To, 
The Manager - Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd  
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)  
Mumbai - 400 051  
Scrip Code: 522215 
Symbol : HLEGLAS 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for Q2 & H1 FY25  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby enclose the transcript of the Earnings 
conference call held on November 14, 2024 regarding discussion on operational and 
financial performance for the Quarter and Half- Year ended September 30, 2024 (Q2 & H1 
FY 2024-25). 
 
This same will also be available on the Company's website at www.hleglascoat.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HLE Glascoat Limited  
 
 
ACHAL S. THAKKAR 
Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer 
THAKKA
R ACHAL
Digitally signed 
by THAKKAR 
ACHAL 
Date: 2024.11.21 
22:28:21 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“HLE Glascoat Limited 
Q2 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HIMANSHU PATEL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
HLE GLASCOAT LIMITED 
 
MR. AALAP PATEL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – HLE 
GLASCOAT LIMITED 
 
MR. NAVEEN KANDPAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– HLE GLASCOAT LIMITED 
 
MR. NILESH GANJWALA – SENIOR ADVISOR – HLE 
GLASCOAT LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RONAK JAIN –ORIENT CAPITAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

HLE Glascoat Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 and H1FY'25 Earnings Conference Call 
of HLE Glascoat Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. 
And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ronak Jain from Orient Capital. Thank you and over to 
you sir. 
Ronak Jain: 
Hi. Good afternoon everyone welcome to the Q2 and H1FY'25 Earnings Conference Call of 
HLE Glascoat Ltd. Today on this call we have Mr. Himanshu Patel, Managing Director and Mr. 
Aalap Patel, Executive Director, along with the other senior management team. This conference 
call my contain forward looking statements about the company which are based on beliefs, 
opinions and expectations as of today. 
 
Actual results may differ materially. These statements are not the guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. A detailed safe 
harbor statement is given on page number two of company’s investor presentation, which has 
been uploaded on the stock exchange as well as company's website. 
With this, I hand over the call to Mr. Himanshu Patel for his opening remarks. Over to you Sir. 
Himanshu Patel: 
Good evening and warm welcome to all the participants. Thank you for joining us today to 
discuss HLE Glascoat Q2 and H1 FY’25 financials and operational performance. Today on the 
call we have Mr. Aalap Patel, Executive Director Mr. Naveen Kandpal, CFO and Nilesh 
Ganjwala, Senior Advisor to the company and Orient Capital, our Investor Relations partner. I 
hope everyone has had an opportunity to go through our financial results and the investor 
presentation, which has been uploaded on the stock exchanges as well as on the company's 
website. 
The current global environment continues to pose challenges with evolving dynamics, including 
regulatory changes, geopolitical tensions and commodity price fluctuations. Despite these 
headwinds, I am pleased to report that HLE Glascoat has delivered a strong performance across 
key metrics, revenue, operational efficiency, profitability and a significant uptick in our order 
book. While we have faced a few challenging quarters, our focus on strategic initiatives has 
allowed us to stay resilient and position ourselves for long-term growth. These include 
acquisition and expansion. 
Our acquisition of Kinam Engineering Industries has been transformative. As a leading 
manufacturer of heat exchangers and pressure vessels, Kinam's integration is progressing well, 
with the third phase of integration underway. We have received stock exchange approval for 
scheme of amalgamation of Kinam Enterprise Private Limited with HLE Glascoat Limited and 
are now in the process of filing the application with NCLT. 
The synergies are evident, as demonstrated by a recent order win in the oil and gas sector, further 
unblocking opportunities in newer segments like paints, petrochemicals and more. Launch of 
Thaletec products. Our innovative Thaletec range has gained strong acceptance in the domestic 

HLE Glascoat Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
market. This quarter, we have seen encouraging order inflow. We believe this product line will 
continue to drive growth in India, contributing significantly to our overall performance in the 
coming quarters. 
Clean energy investments 
We are excited to announce the joint venture with Clean Max Enviro Energy Private Limited by 
acquisition of 26% stake in Clean Max Anchorage Private Limited for a total investment up to 
INR 3.36 crores. Clean Max Anchorage Private Limited will develop a captive solar and wind 
power facility in Gujarat with a solar capacity of 2.31 MWp and a wind capacity of 3.30 MW. 
Order book and business outlook 
As of September 2024, our consolidated order book stands at a robust INR 602 crores, 
representing sequential growth of 27%. While the chemical sector remains under pressure, we 
have observed turnaround in order booking and pricing this quarter. The order book now 
provides visibility for the next eight months in our international business and five months in the 
domestic market. We are also witnessing renewed momentum in our filtration, drying and 
equipment segments, particularly in the southern region, driven by a revival in the 
pharmaceutical sector. 
Meanwhile, our glass-lined equipment business continues to deliver exceptional results, 
outperforming last year's performance. Looking ahead, we remain cautiously optimistic about 
the coming quarters, with a promising pipeline of opportunities across both domestic and 
international markets. 
I will now hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Naveen Kandpal, who will take you through the 
financial performance for the quarter and the half-year. Thank you, and over to you, Naveen. 
Naveen Khanpal: 
Thank you, Sir. Good afternoon to all the participants. I am pleased to share our financial results 
for the quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2024. 
The company reported consolidated revenue from operations of approximately INR 236 crores 
with a growth of 5% compared to Q2 FY'24, EBITDA of INR 35.4 crores, witnessing a growth 
of 19% year-on-year from Q2 FY'25 and with an EBITDA margin of 15%. And PAT of around 
INR 14 crores, a 33% year-on-year jump in correspondence to Q2 FY'24 with a PAT margin of 
6.1%. On a sequential basis, we achieved a revenue growth of 3.8% up from INR 227 crores and 
a 50% increase in EBITDA and a significant 166.1% growth in PAT. 
For the half-year ended, our revenue grew by approximately 10%, rising from INR 422 crores 
to INR 463 crores. Our EBITDA grew 10% year-on-year and margin stood at 12.8%. In Q2 
FY'25, our filtration, drying and other equipment segments we de-grew by 36% compared to Q2 
FY'24. We reported a revenue of INR 65 crores in comparison to INR 100 crores in the 
corresponding quarter. 
Likewise, in H1 FY'25, our revenue dropped by 20% in this segment. Although we de-grew in 
this segment, we were able to maintain the double-digit margin at 11%. Meanwhile, our glass-

HLE Glascoat Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
line equipment business generated about INR 144 crores of sales compared to around INR 122 
crores last year, reflecting a growth of 18.4% with EBITDA of INR 20 crores, growing by 124% 
in comparison to Q2 FY24. 
Sequentially, our revenue and EBIT grew by 8.4% and 224% in comparison to Q1 FY'25 with 
a margin of 13.4% in Q2 FY'25. Our new segment, Heat Transfer Equipment, showed a revenue 
growth of 17%, contributing INR 25 crores to our sales, up from INR 21 crores in Q1 FY'25. 
Talking on the debt, we are pleased to announce that we are on the track to reduce debt and we 
have repaid debt of INR 35 crores. Our strong performance is all on the back of improved 
receivables and better working capital management, which has aided us in improving our 
operating cash flow. 
In summary, despite challenges in some segments, our diversified portfolio, strategic focus and 
disciplined financial management have positioned us well for sustained growth. Now, I would 
request the moderator to kindly open the floor for questions and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first question 
comes from the Veer Rajesh Vadera from Niveshaay Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Veer Rajesh Vadera: 
Good afternoon. Am I audible? 
Veer Rajesh Vadera: 
Yes sir, please go ahead. So my first question is what is the average selling price of glass-lined 
equipment as compared to other competitors? And the second question is what could be the total 
addressable market for dryers and glass-lined equipment? And what is share of HLE Glascoats 
in that market. 
Aalap Patel: 
Hello good afternoon. So the average selling price of a glass-lined reactor is a function of a lot 
of different things, so size, configuration, etc. So for a typical reactor that a customer would 
configure and send us an RFQ for, we would be competing on similar price levels amongst the 
A category suppliers. However, our push is constantly to include better technologies, especially 
now that we have access to technologies from Thaletec to create a different product which will 
have obviously a higher selling price. 
As far as the total addressable market for glass-lined and filtration and drying goes, I think 
currently the market for glass-lined equipment is around the INR 1,000 crores mark and HLE 
has somewhere around 25% to 30% of that market. This is obviously the Indian market that I 
am speaking about. 
For filtration and drying, I think the market size is similar, a little bit lower perhaps, and then 
HLE again has more than 50% of the market of the filtration and drying segment as well. 
The total addressable market, however, for filtration and drying could potentially be much larger 
because we believe there are still a lot of users in the chemical and pharma space who don't use 
modern filtration and drying equipment. So, they still use traditional equipment and the markets 
where HLE is present – or rather, sorry, the products where HLE is present, which is the noose 

HLE Glascoat Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
filters and vacuum dryers, which are considered the newer state-of- the-art equipment – they are 
still penetrated largely, maybe let's say in the top 20%, 25%  of the users. 
So, there's still a substantial user base who do not use these advanced equipment and we would 
still consider them a part of the addressable market because as they grow and as they modernize, 
they would adopt the kind of filtration and drying equipment that HLE manufactured. Thank 
you. 
Veer Rajesh Vadera: 
Okay, and what would be the monetary term of selling price on an average of glasslined 
equipment? 
Aalap Patel: 
Again, it would be very difficult to give you a single number, but I think if I were to put an 
average selling price, maybe something in the INR 20 lakh rupee mark would be the average 
price of a glassland equipment. Again, it's a very general number. We manufacture a very wide 
range in terms of sizes and configurations. 
Veer Rajesh Vadera: 
Okay, and I have one more question. What is the current backlog within the order book and what 
is the typical timeline to fulfill these orders? 
Aalap Patel: 
I'm sorry, could you please repeat your question? 
Veer Rajesh Vadera: 
Am I audible? 
Aalap Patel: 
Yes, you're audible. Can you please repeat the question? 
Veer Rajesh Vadera: 
So, what is the current backlog within the order book and what is the timeline for fulfilling these 
orders? 
Naveen Khandpal: 
Yeah, so current order backlog is around INR 600 crores and for India business, it would be 
around five months and for international business, it would be around eight months. 
Veer Rajesh Vadera: 
Okay, and also I have one more question. Could you please break down your capex allocation 
for upcoming year? 
Naveen Khandpal: 
For upcoming year, as such, no capex project is planned. We will stick to the replacement capex 
only. 
Veer Rajesh Vadera: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Naveen Khandpal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Vibhav Khandelwal from Laburnum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vibhav Khandelwal: 
Thank you, sir. I wanted to ask you, please tell us if the uptick that we're seeing in the GLE 
segment, is it attributable to more of the chemical industry or the pharma industry? And or is it 
and also on the India and international flavors? It will be helpful if you could give some colour 
on the cycle that we're seeing on the chemical side since we were seeing some headwinds over 
the past quarters. 

HLE Glascoat Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Aalap Patel: 
Yes. So the uptick, at least in this quarter, has been predominantly driven by pharma order in 
the glasslined equipment business. While this is true for the consolidated number, I think the 
drivers for growth for the India business were, let's say, an equal mix of chemical and pharma. 
Whereas for the international business, the uptick was predominantly driven by our pharma 
orders. 
As far as the overall development in the industry is concerned, we are seeing that pharma is 
showing a stronger growth and we are seeing more interest from our pharma customers than we 
are seeing from the chemical. So while we are seeing some projects and inquiry pipeline building 
up in the chemical space, they are yet to convert into orders. However, in the pharma space, we 
are both seeing strong inquiries and also order placement. 
Vibhav Khandelwal: 
All right. This is helpful. Thank you. Also, in the GLE segment, can you please give us a sense 
of what the sustainable EBITDA margins typically are? And why are we seeing some delta 
between us and GMM? 
Nilesh Ganjwala: 
 I think the sustainable EBITDA margins in the GLE business range between 17% and 20% in 
the longer term. The current margins are reflective of the slight downtick in the order book over 
the last two quarters. But I think in the longer run, we believe that the sustainable EBITDA 
margin should be in the 17% to 20% range. 
Vibhav Khandelwal: 
All right. And can you please give some flavour on why are the margins that we're seeing, not 
let's say for this quarter, or even the past quarter, but let's say on a more overall level on the 
differential between our GLE margins versus that of GMM Pfaudler? 
Nilesh Ganjwala: 
So, in all honesty, we don't know what our GMM margins are on the pure GLE business because 
I believe they are not publicly reported. 
Vibhav Khandelwal: 
All right. Okay. And one more question, sir, was, do we have a presence in China in terms of 
our equipment? If yes, it will be helpful if you could give us some flavour on the comparative 
standing, given that there's a lot of talk about incremental capacity coming in China, especially 
with the BASF capacity coming there. Additionally, if you could give us some flavour as to why 
a customer would choose us versus a local Chinese supplier for the equipment? 
Aalap Patel: 
Yes. So, the answer to your first question is that we don't currently have a presence in China. 
Neither do we have a manufacturing plant there, nor do we sell any monthly bill quantity of our 
products there. I think the answer to the second question, which is what is the differentiating 
factor for HLE products? 
I think both in the glasslined and the filtration and drying space, over the last many, many years, 
we have strived to position ourselves as a solution provider rather than an equipment 
manufacturer. Now, I know this sounds like a fairly cliched line, but if you really look at how 
our filter dryer business has evolved, it has evolved from making filter dryers for our own captive 
consumption, maybe 30 years back. 
And that's how the filter dryer business started. And we have continued to add features and 
innovate based on customer needs. And we have made a name in the market as people who 

HLE Glascoat Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
would solve problems and innovate and give solutions to chemical engineering problems in 
general. 
And while this gave us a lot of success in the filtration and drying business, similar efforts were 
also made by Thaletec in the European market. So, we are also now able to infuse the same DNA 
into our global glass lining business. 
Vibhav Khandelwal: 
Understood. But my question was more on the China flavour. So, I wanted to ask given that 
there's a lot of talk about and of incremental capacity, especially in chemicals, coming in China, 
especially with the BASF setting up a 10 billion capacity there. So, do we have any plans to set 
up in China or service those suppliers, service those capacities? 
Aalap Patel: 
No, we don't have a plan. 
Vibhav Khandelwal: 
Chinese market dynamics. Yes. 
Aalap Patel: 
So, we don't have a plan to venture into the Chinese market. Predominantly, the Chinese 
glasslined equipment market, especially, while this is true for the entire process equipment 
market, but this stands especially true for glasslined equipment. So, it's a very, very fragmented 
market with something like 20, 30 different players within the Chinese glasslined equipment 
market, all manufacturing a wide range of equipment and also sourcing from some vendors and 
not always manufacturing everything themselves. I think it's a very different dynamic and it's 
also a very, very crowded market. So, for us to make efforts to make any inroads into China is 
not a priority at the moment. 
Vibhav Khandelwal: 
Understood. This is very helpful. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Naveen Khandpal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Anupam Gupta from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Anupam Gupta: 
Yeah, good afternoon, sir. So, the first question is basically on the Thaletech business. So, if I, 
let's say, do the consolidated list standalone in terms of numbers and also remove Kinam from 
it, I'm probably looking at Thaletech doing close to about sort of  INR 9,500 crores sort of 
revenue with high sort of 19%, 20% margin. Is that right assumption there? 
Nilesh Ganjwala: 
Yeah, that is correct.  
Anupam Gupta: 
So, basically, Thaletech margins have improved pretty significantly, whereas India margins have 
continued to be very weak, right? That's the right way to look at it. 
Nilesh Ganjwala: 
That would be correct for the India glassline business. That's correct. 
Anupam Gupta: 
Okay. So, what is driving the improvement in the Thaletech margin? 
Aalap Patel: 
So, the improvement in the Thelatech margin is predominantly driven, if you have also observed, 
by the uptick in the volume. So, the revenue has increased. Also, and it is also a function of the 
product mix. So, we had, you know, quite a bit of customized differentiated products which were 

HLE Glascoat Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
a part of a product order, which were sold in this quarter. So, it's a function of the product mix 
as well as the uptick in the volumes. 
Anupam Gupta: 
Okay. So, let's say, assuming if that was a sort of large one-off order, what would be a sustainable 
number for Thaletech in terms of revenue for this year and margins? 
Nilesh Ganjwala: 
So, over the last two quarters, Thaletech has consistently done revenues in excess of INR 90 
crores in Indian rupee terms. We believe that this trend will broadly be sustained. The margins, 
as we believe, on a long-term sustainable basis will be in between the 15% to 17% range for 
Thaletech standalone. 
Anupam Gupta: 
Okay. And you talked about a few products of Thaletech being sold in India and you're adopting 
their technology and products for sale into India and possibly for exports. Can you just talk about 
that in a bit more detail? 
Aalap Patel: 
Yes. So, we launched the Thaletech range of solutions in India about two quarters ago. And over 
the last two quarters, we have made significant effort in promoting these products, as well as we 
have generated not just a strong interest, so in terms of order pipeline, but also we have now 
close to 25 odd equipment, which are either sold or currently under different stages of execution. 
So, we believe that this is a great start for a high technology, value-added product, especially 
given the current market conditions. So, we are happy with the progress and it's possibly doing 
better than our expectations.  
Anupam Gupta: 
Okay. And in terms of when you compare them to what is already available in India from 
competitors, what are the extra features which you get with Thaletech, which is not available 
right now in India? 
Aalap Patel: 
Yeah. So, I think we should look at this in two different ways. It's not just about what is the 
quality. I would say quality is not the differentiator for Thaletech. I think when it comes to 
quality, we really believe that having great quality is a matter of hygiene. Having great quality 
is not a differentiator. 
So, when we look at Thaletech, I think we should look at it in two different ways. One is what 
is available with Thaletech that others probably don't have. And the other aspect is how do you, 
using whatever technologies you have, how do you create a great solution for a customer that 
comes at the right price and delivers the right value? 
So, all the Thaletech range of products are, especially the ones that we have brought to India in 
the initial phases, are ones that tackle key problems with plagued glass lined reactors, right? And 
these are around the efficiency of mixing, these revolve around heat transfer, these revolve 
around reliability, especially when you talk about very nasty, aggressive, or dangerous 
processes. 
So, whatever value Thaletech products bring, they directly help the customer improve their 
reaction time, decrease downtime, and as a result, they help the customer in their overall cost of 
production. 

HLE Glascoat Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Anupam Gupta: 
I understand. Okay, that is helpful. And one last question, what is the share of exports from India 
business as of now? 
Aalap Patel: 
So, the share of export would be somewhere in the 5%, somewhere between 3% to 5% range. I 
think it varies from quarter-to-quarter. 
Anupam Gupta: 
Okay. 
Aalap Patel: 
That's really the range. 
Anupam Gupta: 
Sure. Okay, okay. Fine. That's helpful. Thanks a lot, sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Miraj from Arihant Capital. Please go ahead. 
Miraj: 
Hi, good afternoon. Congratulations on a decent set of results, sir. There is obviously a 
turnaround. Sir, I have a couple of questions, firstly, starting with the Kinam part. I wanted to 
understand the two parts, sir, over here. First is the operational efficiency that has been driven 
till now, and what more do you expect in that? 
And second is the cross-selling opportunities. You briefly, previously also spoken about it, but 
I want to understand how the progress is over here. In the previous concalls, you have 
highlighted, but I wanted to understand how things are moving and how long do we think that 
the cross-selling will take to fully operationalize? That's my first question.  
Nilesh Ganjwala: 
On the operational side, Kinam continues to be growing at an overall level, both in terms of the 
order book as well as the capacity to handle larger orders. Very interestingly, in the last quarter, 
Kinam for the first time has made a breakthrough into the oil and gas industry, and we believe 
that that could be a path breaker for the future and could really change the entire trajectory for 
Kinam going forward. So that's something that's already happened, and we are all quite excited 
about that. 
With respect to cross-selling opportunities, just like we were able to integrate our glass-lined 
equipment business with the filtration and drying business, we believe the heat exchanger 
business is a very logical extension of the process equipment required by most of our user 
industries, and we are actively pursuing opportunities which enable us to kind of pitch for 
business at the project level rather than at the equipment level. 
Miraj: 
Understood. So beyond oil and gas, oil and gas is something that we went through this quarter, 
right? But beyond that, also petrochemicals and paints is something that we've already completed 
or we are still planning that?  
Nilesh Ganjwala: 
No, that's something that is still a work in progress. No, that is not an area where integration is 
completed. No. So the answer to that is we will probably approach that over the coming quarters. 
Miraj: 
Understood. Perfect. Okay. So something more to look forward to. Understood. Sir, with the 
captive solar and wind power facilities, I think we've announced the deal with Clean Max. 
Roughly, could you guide how much cost savings are we expecting from here, and are we 
planning for any more deployment of such solar facilities in other plants? 

HLE Glascoat Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Naveen Khandpal: 
Yeah. Thank you for the question. So as briefed by Himanshu Bhai, we have entered into a joint 
venture agreement with one of the companies, CleanMax Enviro Private Limited. So as of now, 
since the terms and conditions are governed by NDA (Non-Disclosure Agreement), we would 
not be able to disclose much detail. But as you may be aware that the payback period for such 
kind of projects is quite short. So in our case also, the payback period is short. 
Miraj: 
Understood. So the payback period would be close to two years or shorter than that? 
Nilesh Ganjwala: 
It is expected to be in that range. Yes, that's correct. 
Miraj: 
Understood. And so just one more question before I get back in the queue. For Thaletech 
products that were from Germany, if I were to look at how we've indoctrinated these in our 
Indian product range, how have we included that? Has the transition done completely 100%, or 
are there still some products that we plan to introduce going ahead, which are of Thaletech 
Germany in India? 
Aalap Patel: 
Yes. So Thaletech, by virtue of being a very innovative company, has a fairly large, I would say, 
range of innovations available. And as a start, we have only introduced or rather we have only 
in India innovations that we feel that the Indian market immediately needs, and things that would 
bring the most value to the customer. 
So while Thaletech continues to innovate, and we continue to launch new products, we already 
have an existing bank of innovations, which are still available with us in the German entity, 
which we can continue to bring to India for the next few years. 
Miraj: 
So just to understand it, there are some products still left to be inducted in the Indian market, 
right? 
Aalap Patel: 
Yes, many. 
Miraj: 
Okay. Understood. Perfect. I'll just get back in the queue sir. Thank you. 
Naveen Khandpal: 
Thank you 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Rajeev from RJ Investments. Please go ahead. 
Rajeev: 
Hello. Yeah. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Please go ahead. 
Rajeev: 
Yeah. So my first question is, the US order market book currently is growing at a healthy pace. 
Now it stands at around $11 million, the $7 million. So my question is, how do you further plans 
to further penetrate this market? And what are the key challenges do you foresee in scaling up 
the operations with now the new government formation? 
Aalap Patel: 
So first, I'm not sure where the order book number comes from. I think the order book, while it 
is in that range, I think the exact number is not €11 million. Because while we continue to book 

HLE Glascoat Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
orders as well as dispatch the ones that we booked a quarter or two ago. Having said that, I think 
for the US, we have a great opportunity. 
I think regardless of the political situation in the US, I think manufacturing continues to, 
especially for pharma products, continues to move to the US. And when these high-end 
molecules move to the US, I think high-end equipment is also needed. And that is with our 
Thaletec range of products and with our filter dryers, that is right up our alley. 
So we have innovative solutions which can help these companies deploy these molecules or 
rather bring these molecules to the market quickly. So we are well equipped to handle this 
opportunity. And I think we also have the advantage of starting with a relatively low base. 
So we are fairly new in the US market, and we are confident that with our great service and 
innovative products, we'll be able to make inroads fairly quickly. 
Rajeev: 
Okay, so my next question is, the filtration and the drying business that seems to be facing some 
headwinds recently. So sir. could you provide some insights into what is the current state of the 
segments with now we could see some traction in pharma especially? 
Nilesh Ganjwala: 
Yeah, I think you are absolutely right. There has been some slack in the order booking a few 
quarters back. Fortunately, as Himanshu mentioned earlier, we are seeing a good uptake and 
encouraging demand coming in from the pharma industry, and especially during the recent 
quarters. 
And this is reflected in a more healthier order book for the filtration drying equipment currently. 
These orders will get executed over the next two or three quarters, and I would think that the 
numbers for these coming quarters will reflect the uptake in the order book that we currently 
have. So yes, the last couple of quarters have been maybe a little slow by our own standards, but 
we believe we'll catch up over the next few quarters. 
Rajeev: 
So my another question is, what are the current margins in this business? And so going forward, 
what do you consider as a sustainable margin? If you could provide us some colour on this. 
Naveen Khandpal: 
So I think the filtration and drying business has historically reflected margins on the long term 
basis of over 15% to 17%. We believe that sustainable margins are in the 16% to 18% range, 
even with the current economics and dynamics. Yes. 
Rajeev: 
Okay. So my last question is, sir, could you provide me the current market share we are holding 
in this segment? 
Naveen Khandpal: 
There are no published numbers on the overall market, but we believe our market share would 
be between 50% to 60% in the domestic market. 
Rajeev: 
Okay, sir. Okay, sir. Thank you for the opportunity sir  My question has been answered. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Arnav Sachdev, Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 

HLE Glascoat Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Arnav Sachdev: 
Hi, sir. Congratulations on the result. I just had one question. The net interest has decreased by 
9.4% year-on-year, and the pre provisioning operating profit is also down. So what are the 
strategies that we're implementing, you know, to get back from this trend? 
Nilesh Ganjwala: 
Can I please request you to repeat the question, please? 
Arnav Sachdev: 
Yeah, sure. So the net interest has decreased by about 9.4% year on year, and the pre-
provisioning operating profit also has, you know, reduced. So any strategies that we're 
implementing to reverse this trend? 
Naveen Khandpal: 
So I think the interest reduction has been on a quarter to quarter basis. Our quarter-on-quarter 
basis, the interest has reduced predominantly due to retirement of debt, repayment of debt, as 
again, I think Himanshu bhai mentioned earlier, we are consciously downsizing our debt 
position. We've repaid almost about INR 35 crores of bank loans during this period. So that is a 
conscious effort that is being made. And this repayment is predominantly happening out of 
operating and working capital efficiencies. So this is this is really what we are consciously 
making an attempt towards. 
Arnav Sachdev: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Dinesh Naik from Fine Advisor. Please go ahead. 
Dinesh Naik: 
Hello, sir. I had a couple of questions. First, could you provide more clarity on industry-wise 
revenue breakup? We've observed some volatility in revenue contributions. We've seen a 50-50 
split usually between chemicals, pharma. But with traction in pharma and diversification into 
new sectors, I just wanted to understand how will you see this mix evolving over the next three 
to five years? 
Nilesh Ganjwala: 
I think historically, if you have seen, that is always a change on a quarter-to-quarter basis based 
on the order book and of course, the relative purchasing by the relevant industry segments. 
Historically, pharma has ranged from a low of 35% to a high of almost 60% in our overall 
revenues. We believe that that end will be retained and will of course, it's a pretty wide range, 
but it will be within that range is what we expect. 
We are currently, based on historical order book, our pharma share is at the lower range. And as 
we indicated earlier, the pharma share in the overall revenue is expected to only go higher as we 
go into the next few quarters. Correspondingly, the share of agrochemicals and fine chemicals 
is likely to reduce somewhat as a percentage of aggregate revenue. 
Dinesh Naik: 
Okay, got it. And let me commend you on reducing your debt by INR 35 crores. If I remember 
correctly, in your FY'24 transcript, you had mentioned that your goal for the whole of FY'25 
was to reduce your debt in this ring, but I think we've achieved that in the first half only. So what 
is the target for the year end, sir? Where do we see your debt at the end of the year? 
Nilesh Ganjwala: 
I think to answer it very simplistically, we did INR 35 crores in half a year. So I would assume 
we should double it for the whole entire year. 

HLE Glascoat Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Dinesh Naik: 
Okay, sir. And so your projected interest costs and repayment schedule for the next fiscal year, 
so should we expect your profitability and cash flows to now improve given the lower interest 
outlay? 
Nilesh Ganjwala: 
Yes, the lower interest will definitely result in better cash flows. So better cash flows, at least 
from a profitability perspective, yes. Of course, some of those cash flows will go into retiring 
the debt itself. So on an overall basis, we believe the numbers will look better and the repayments 
will happen from operating and profit efficiencies. 
Dinesh Naik: 
Okay, great to know. And finally, last question largely around your service segment. So I think 
one of our key peer is already establishing a strong presence in the service segment. So how do 
we, as a company, plan to differentiate ourselves if we decide to formally enter that space? So 
what's our distribution or USP in this service segment? 
Aalap Patel: 
I'm not entirely sure what service sector really implies. So can I request you to just shed more 
light on what you would categorize as service sector? 
Dinesh Naik: 
So we're already offering service components as a service. So largely on that front only, what 
are USPs and how do we want to scale this vertical further? 
Aalap Patel: 
Okay. So service has inherently been a strength for HLE. We believe in being close to the 
customer and ensuring that the customer gets maximum value out of the equipment. And that 
could come out of either addressing issues when there is downtime, or it could be providing 
service for optimization, so on and so forth. 
So not only do we look at service from the point of view of after sales support, but it's also an 
opportunity to increase the productivity of the equipment itself. So while service has, so strictly 
speaking, service in the traditional sense, it constitutes between 5% and 7% of our, or maybe 
roughly, let's say closer to 7% of our sales. 
I think a lot of our new products also serve the same purpose of optimizing the customer's 
equipment after they are sold. So we introduce new products in the automation space. We have 
introduced automated ANFDs. 
Now there can also be retrofit packages of these automation, and this really helps drive 
productivity for the customer. Even if you look at Thaletec solutions, so we are also offering 
retrofit packages of Thaletec solutions. So these are also a part of that service orientation. So 
that's our take on service. And while strictly the after sales support forms about 7%, I think a lot 
of our new products are geared towards enhancing our engagement with the customer through 
service and optimization.  
Dinesh Naik: 
Great, then where do you see this overall revenue mix from the current 7% in the upcoming 
years now? 
Nilesh Ganjwala: 
I think as Aalap bhai was explaining, our service business is of two elements. One is pure service, 
which is more in the nature of after sales service and so on, which is currently at 7% and may 
probably at the optimal level go up to 10%. But we also have another element of service, which 

HLE Glascoat Limited 
November 14, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
is in terms of product upgradation and automation, which are also being delivered as packages, 
but which are reflected in the equipment business itself because they go as products rather than 
as service. But it does form part of the service element as far as our customers are concerned. 
Dinesh Naik: 
Okay, got it. That would be all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. As there are no further questions, I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Naveen Khandpal: 
Yes. So thank you for all the participants for your keen interest in the company and taking part 
in this Investor Conference Call for Q2 and H1 FY'25. Once again, I express my sense of 
gratitude on behalf of the entire team of HLE Glascoat Ltd. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of HLE Glascoat Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
