 
 
Indegene Limited (Formerly Indegene Private Limited), 
Third Floor, Aspen G-4 Block, Manyata Embassy 
Business Park (SEZ), Outer Ring Road, Nagawara, 
Bengaluru- 560 045, Karnataka, India 
Phone: +91 80 4674 4567, +91 80 4644 7777 
www.indegene.com  
CIN: U73100KA1998PLC102040  
INDGN/SE/2024-25/63 
 
November 4, 2024 
 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001, India. 
Scrip Code: 544172 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051, India. 
Trading symbol: INDGN 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the conference call on financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed the transcript of the conference call for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, conducted after the meeting 
of the Board of Directors held on October 28, 2024.  
 
The above information will be made available on the website of the Company: https://www.indegene.com/ 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
For Indegene Limited  
(Formerly known as Indegene Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Srishti Ramesh Kaushik 
Company Secretary and Compliance officer 
 
 
Srishti 
Ramesh 
Kaushik
Digitally signed by 
Srishti Ramesh 
Kaushik 
Date: 2024.11.04 
16:26:16 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“Indegene Limited 
Q2 H1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 29, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MANISH GUPTA – CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – INDEGENE LIMITED 
 
MR. SUHAS PRABHU – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
INDEGENE LIMITED 

 
 
Indegene Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Indegene Limited Q2 H1 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek: 
Thank you, Sejal. A very good morning to all of you and thank you for joining us today for 
Indegene's earnings conference call for the second quarter and half year ended financial year 
2025. Today we have with us Mr. Manish Gupta, Indegene's Chairman and CEO; and Mr. Suhas 
Prabhu, CFO, to share the highlights of the business and financial for the quarter.  
I hope you have gone through our results release and the quarterly investor presentation which 
have been uploaded on our website as well as the stock exchange website. The transcript for this 
call will be available in a week's time on the company's website. Please note that today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in relation to the risks 
pertaining to our business. After the end of this call, in case you have any further questions, 
please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team.  
I now hand over the call to Manish to make his opening remarks. 
Manish Gupta: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Good morning all and thank you so much for joining our third earnings 
call as a listed company for our Q2 and H1 FY '25 performance. Now, in the two calls before 
this, we have spent time explaining our business to you all, the industry, the sub-industry 
segments, growth drivers, customer archetypes, our business segments, opportunity, etc. 
This, we believe, was important because, as I said in my two earlier earnings calls also, we are 
a very unique business operating in a very specialized domain and not many parallels to draw 
from. And hence, we thought this investment and explaining the business is going to be useful. 
This time, however, let me get straight to how we see the opportunity space shaping up and our 
performance in Q2 and H1. 
As you are aware and I have alluded to earlier, the global life science industry is north of USD 
1.8 trillion in size and the operational spends that are addressable to us are more than USD 135 
billion. 40% of this is attributable to sales and marketing. This is a place where we have our 
largest footprint. Spend in all the areas we operate in, which is essentially regulatory, medical 
affairs, sales and marketing, pharmacovigilance, all these areas are increasing at a rate of 6% to 
7% percent annually from a spend perspective.  
Outsourcing continues to grow much faster, around 9% to 14%, depending on the segments I 
just alluded to. Outsourcing in sales and marketing is on the higher side. Apart from the increase 
in spend and outsourcing, there's also a shift to digital. All the stuff which we have alluded to 
earlier in our call continues to stay relevant and we see the industry move in this direction.  
Now coming to the top 35 global pharma companies which we have spoken about earlier, CY 
2023 was a year of negative growth after very significant growth before in the COVID years. It 

 
 
Indegene Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
was negative growth, degrowth, but these trends started reversing in 2024 and 2024 is anticipated 
to be a year of modest growth, setting the stage for recovery for the industry after a bit of lull. 
The top 35 pharma companies are expected to grow at a CAGR of 5% to 8% from 2025 to 2028. 
This higher growth rate is mainly attributed to upsurge in drug launches, which is always 
favourable to the growth of the industry and from our perspective, outsourcing opportunities. 
As companies are going to launch more products and they would be outsourcing more, and this 
presents an opportunity to use digital solutions to drive better physician and patient engagement 
at reduced cost while driving better customer experience. We are well positioned to capitalize 
on this anticipated increase in activities and hence increased outsourced spending while 
continuing to deepen our current capabilities, engagements, and relationships with these clients. 
Given that we are a relatively small company in this very large market, when we plan our 
execution, a lot of these trends which I just spoke about give us comfort. 
Now let's come to our performance. Q2 FY '25 revenues came in at INR6,868 million, a growth 
of 8% year-on-year and 1.5% sequentially. For H1 FY '24-'25, our year-on-year revenue growth 
has been 9.7%. The revenue growth is attributable to both the enterprise segment, enterprise 
commercial and enterprise medical segment. These are segments which constitute 85% of our 
business and these are segments where our engagements are with the enterprise. These are 
recurring in nature and have been going on for a long period of time. Both these segments grew 
by a healthy 3.6% sequentially.  
Till recently, these segments for us were very heavily concentrated on the top 20 life science 
companies. While we continue to see interest in these segments, the top 20 life science 
companies, for expansion and deepening their footprint from a capability perspective with us, 
we also see interest even with a larger set of 20 to 100 life science companies who are setting 
themselves in the right way to adopt these models as more launches and the adoption of digital 
increases. 
Now from the segment view, let me jump to the customer view. Our growth is largely driven by 
positive momentum in both big pharma and mid-size pharma. Our largest customer, which was 
approximately USD42 million in revenue last year, continues to grow. The revenue from top 
five accounts has grown 2.3% sequentially. We had called out two of our top five customers 
where we had seen downward pressure in revenue. We have seen the revenue from these two 
accounts stabilizing and now we are engaged in discussions on expanding current engagements 
and also exploring new areas of expansion with them. 
We believe engagements with these customers should start improving from next calendar year. 
I say next calendar year because our clients have calendar year budgeting cycles and hence 
impact is expected in the new planning cycle in CY, which is calendar year 2025. The customers 
outside of our top 20, specifically in the 20 to 30 brackets, grew at a much faster pace of 10.1% 
sequentially, which brings me to the point I mentioned earlier that now in our enterprise 
segments also we are seeing a much broader set of customers engaging with us and trying to 
adopt new models.  

 
 
Indegene Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
We continue to see traction here as well and we continue to expect these segments to grow in 
CY '25. Finally, the total number of active clients grew from 65 to 68 and USD 1 million clients 
grew from 36 to 37 in Q2. More than 95% of our revenue continues to come from the US and 
EU regions, so that kind of remains stable and we expect that to remain stable. Our cash position 
remains strong, and we now have a tad below INR1,500 crores, INR1,467 to be more precise in 
cash and cash equivalents. We continue to actively scout for M&A opportunities and have a 
healthy pipeline of potential opportunities right now.  
Before I pass this on to Suhas to talk a bit more about margins and dig deeper into some of the 
financials, I again want to reiterate that we are a very different business, focusing on core 
commercial sales and marketing, medical affairs, regulatory affairs, and clinical different 
functions of the global life science industry. 
This is an industry which has been behind in shaping their functions using technology, but now 
due to various imperatives is in the path of doing that. Albeit given the regulated nature of the 
industry in a guarded way, it is a very large spend and is a large opportunity in the long run. In 
that context, view this in a medium to long-term perspective. 
With this, I will pass it on to Suhas to double click on some of the financials and of course the 
margins. Suhas, over to you. 
Suhas Prabhu: 
Thank you, Manish. Once again, a very good morning to everyone and we appreciate your 
participation on this call today. Let me get into the details of the financial performance for the 
quarter by starting with the segmental performance. 
Manish already mentioned that the Q2 revenues grew by 8% year-on-year and 1.5% sequentially 
to INR6,868 million. Specifically, the Enterprise Commercial Solutions segment, which is our 
largest segment, has grown 3% sequentially and the Enterprise Medical segment, which 
constitutes around 29% of our revenues, has grown by 4.6% sequentially. Again, both these 
segments combined constitute 85% of our revenue and the growth in these two core segments 
reflects the positive momentum that Manish has already alluded to. 
This growth was partially offset by the degrowth in the other two segments, omni-channel 
activation, and consulting, which is part of the others, which have a higher proportion of non-
recurring project revenues of shorter tenure and the degrowth is a reflection of a portion of such 
projects concluding with a lower take-off revenues from new projects.  
Now, let me move to the revenue by customer industry segment. The revenue from the 
biopharma segment of our business continues to be stable at 94%, followed by medical devices 
and emerging biotech, which together add to about 5%. This is marginally lower than the 
previous quarter.  
The revenue by customer geography continues to be 95% and between North America and 
Europe. I would like to highlight that we have restated our Q1 revenue mix by geographies. This 
largely impacts the North America and Europe part of the segmental revenue. We have now 
made it consistent basis location of the origination of the business rather than a combination of 

 
 
Indegene Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
that combined with the delivery of consumption locations. This restatement has resulted in a 
shift of about 4% between Europe and North America. 
And post this restatement, revenue from North America is 69.1% versus the 64.8% that we 
reported for Q1. And Europe, similarly, would be 27.9% versus 32.2% that we reported in 
quarter 1. The same has also been updated in our fact sheet for the current quarter. Coming to 
the geographical segmental revenues for the current quarter, this continues to be similar with 
North America being 70.2% and Europe at 27%.  
With those details on the revenue by segment, let me now move to margins, starting with the 
EBITDA. The EBITDA for the quarter stood at 18.4%, a drop of 120 basis points sequentially. 
The annual wage hike was effective July 2024, and this has an adverse impact of approximately 
220 bps on the margin. And this was offset partially by improved productivity through better 
capacity management and automation, resulting in a net impact of 120 bps. The exchange rate 
during the quarter had a non-material impact with the USD strengthening marginally against the 
rupee while weakening against euro and GBP. 
Coming to the interest charge, our interest charge on the debt servicing for quarter 2 was zero 
versus INR73.9 million in Q1. And this was following the repayment of the outstanding debt in 
the last week of June of 2024 from the IPO proceeds. This, combined with a small reduction in 
the tax charge, has a favourable impact on the PAT for the quarter, which stands at 13.4%, an 
improvement of 0.4% sequentially. Our return on equity post the IPO continues to be in the early 
20s at a healthy 21%. And return on capital employed, net of cash, continues to be around 48%.  
With that, let me summarize today's call. Our top five accounts continue to grow. And more 
specifically, the two accounts that Manish had mentioned in our last call, which are part of our 
top five, have stabilized and the core business segments, which is the enterprise business 
segments, have grown at almost 3.6% sequentially. And this is assuring to us a given 
sustainability of growth in these two segments. 
 
And finally, the ramping up of revenue from the new logos, which has started in quarter two, 
and will continue to grow in the coming quarters, gives us confidence for a growth in support 
heading into H2. With that, I'll take a pause and move on to any questions and queries that you 
may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Abhishek Bhandari from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Bhandari: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Thank you, Manish, and Suhas for the presentation. I had a 
couple of questions. First, Manish, good to see growth coming to your top accounts. Given that 
there is stability happening here, should we expect the growth momentum on your side to 
improve from here? Where I'm coming from is, you know, in the opening comments you said 
the pharma industry is expected to stabilize and grow better compared to last year. Last year we 
grew around 8% year on year on revenue. So should we expect the growth improvement over 
the next couple of quarters to be less? 

 
 
Indegene Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Manish Gupta: 
I would say that all the parameters, the industry seems to be stabilizing, preparing for the next 
set of launches and in a slightly difficult situation given that there are expiries as well and they're 
looking for new operating models, which is where we are really uniquely placed. And the fact 
is that some of the challenges we face with a couple of clients, they seem to be behind us and 
we're having very positive conversations with them right now. So there are a lot of these positive 
things going on Abhishek and we feel good about the next few quarters. 
Abhishek Bhandari: 
Okay, Manish, the second question is on your omni-channel business. I think Suhas referred to 
certain project-related and consulted businesses over there. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Abhishek. I would request you to please use your handset. 
Abhishek Bhandari: 
Is this better? 
Moderator: 
Mr. Abhishek? due to no response from the current participant, we will move on to the next 
participant. The next question is from the line of Srivathsan Ramachandran from Avendus Park. 
Please go ahead. 
Srivathsan R.: 
Hi, I just wanted to get some sense on this ramp-down that you're talking about on the project-
specific. How should we look at this? Is it we're more or less done at the end of the ramp-down 
cycle or is there more to go from it to a downward pressure? 
 
And just following that, if this is a little bit more project-heavy business, is there any sense you 
can give us on pricing and sales cycle versus our larger piece of the business? Just wanted to get 
some sense on that. 
Manish Gupta: 
I'm assuming you're talking about the two segments which Suhas spoke about, which de-grew, 
right? The omni-channel and consulting parts of the business. Yes. Okay. So as far as those 
segments, I'll again let Suhas chip in. As Suhas mentioned, there are some projects which winded 
down, right? And that's a typical nature of the business, long projects, get over. But typically 
you have other projects which kick in, right, from these customers. 
 
While the projects winded down, the project kick-off has been slow, and that's what hit this 
quarter over here. But we have a healthy pipeline, right, from this perspective. So we're not 
worried. We believe that the revenue ramp-up in these segments also, especially omni-channel, 
will pick up soon. Suhas, you want to add on? 
Suhas Prabhu: 
Yes. Thanks, Manish. So the project part of the business here tends to be a tenor of between 
three to nine months, say an average of five to six months in duration. And, as these wind down, 
right, a lag in either newer projects coming in from the same logos or new logos, right, causes a 
bit of perturbation here. Having said that, the pricing levels are not too different at a, I would 
say, contribution margin level. The units in economics of even revenues in these segments are 
pretty similar to the other segments. 
 
But, of course, at a segmental performance level, when you look at our segmental results, given 
the current scale of operations of these two businesses, which are relatively much smaller than 
the rest of our business, the overheads at a division level, segment level, causes these to be at a 

 
 
Indegene Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
break-even to marginally negative level. From a segmental perspective. But having said that, the 
pricing levels, especially at a contribution margin level, are quite similar to the rest of the 
business. 
Srivathsan R.: 
[inaudible 0:22:00]  
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you sir. You're not very clear. I would request you to use your handphone. 
Srivathsan R.: 
Sure. Is it better now? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. 
Srivathsan R.: 
Just wanted to get your sense on how you look at, well, you articulated medium-term growth 
ahead of industry growth. What would it take in your assessment to be mid- to late-teens in terms 
of revenue growth cycle? Is it just the broader outsourcing budget should grow or is there more 
something that we can do, gain more markets? I just want to get your thoughts on what would 
it, in your assessment, require for a mid- to late-teens revenue growth from our 2-3 perspective. 
Manish Gupta: 
As we indicated earlier, from our perspective, from a pure capability set, I think we are 
reasonably well covered. The few drivers for growth for us is going to be, the first one is mining 
our existing customers. We've always said that we are present in top 20 pharma companies and 
a bunch of other customers. 
 
Just getting deeper with them is going to be our priority one, which we continue to execute on. 
That's the first set of, I would say, important thing. We will continue to also broaden our client 
base. Today, we have 37 USD 1 million plus customers. We believe the 37 USD 1 million plus 
customers should go much higher. Our highest segment right now is 25 million plus. 
 
We are hoping that in the next few quarters, we will have a category which is going to be $50 
million plus. Those are going to be moving in the right direction as far as some of these metrics 
are concerned. Increasing the number of million-dollar customers, increasing the number of 10 
million-plus customers, 25, moving customers into the 50-plus category. 
 
If I take medium-term, that will be one step. The total number of active customers right now is 
68. They will also go higher. We are deploying resources to make that happen. In the medium-
term, I don't think that will be a major growth driver. Along with that, we continue to do tuck-
in acquisitions to expand our capability or round-off capabilities that we have to be able to offer 
much more integrated and robust solutions to our existing client base. 
 
These are three or four things which we execute on, but we don't think that we have to do 
anything drastically different. Once this cycle of ups and downs with our customers gets a bit 
stabilized across the board, we believe we have most of the right pieces in place to be able to 
drive growth. 
Srivathsan R.: 
Sure. I'll come back later. Thank you.  
Manish Gupta: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan Vohra from Envision Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
Indegene Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Rohan Vohra: 
Hello. Thank you for the opportunity. The first question was a slightly broader question on what 
kind of discussions are you having with some of your top clients? You said that there's a new 
product launch pipeline and to offset that, there are some expiries that are happening. What are 
the kinds of opportunities you see there? If you can just give us some color on that. Also, what 
are some risks you see with respect to the discussions that you're having? That would be my first 
question. Then I can probably have the next one. 
Manish Gupta: 
Sure. We are obviously having multiple sets of customers given the segments we operate in 
across the board – commercial, omni-channel, regulatory, safety, medical affairs. But if I just 
talk about some of the broad themes, and these are themes which have the potential for slightly 
larger engagement, the theme which we see is as companies are preparing for more drug 
launches and have budgetary pressures, they are now looking at the next set of operating model 
centralization and tweaking. 
 
They were doing a bunch of activities with a company like us, like on content, campaigns, 
analytics, in an integrated way. And our enterprise solutions, a lot of our revenues came from 
those engagements. As they prepare for the next set of waves, they are now thinking about how 
to centralize some more upstream activities, which are typically right now done by agencies. 
 
So that's the discussions we are having with a bunch of our customers, and those are much larger 
and, from their perspective, strategic spend areas. And we are very excited about that 
opportunity. As far as risk is concerned, the risk we see, which is always in this industry, is on 
timing. 
 
How quickly will they ramp up at what pace, given that, as we said earlier, this is a very cautious 
industry. So risk is on timing rather than whether it's going to happen or not. The industry doesn't 
have too many options but to move into these more efficient operating models. Suhas, do you 
want to double-click on this or add anything? 
Suhas Prabhu: 
Maybe just from an engagement perspective, contracting perspective, Rohan, especially for the 
85% of our business, which are the two enterprise segments, our contracts in most cases cover 
all products under the portfolio. And we tend to be a partner covering all the products and, 
therefore, launches and launch products are typically naturally flowing into these engagements, 
while there would also be end-of-life products wherein the activities would come down to zero 
as our customers stop investing in those products and activities that we do as they lose 
exclusivity. 
 
So this is a continuing cycle and, from a macro perspective, as the number of launches increase 
and there is growth in our customers' activities, which results in higher volumes for us and higher 
revenues for our customers, this tends to be a positive development, even for us. As we expand 
with our customers through this journey. 
Rohan Vohra: 
Sure, sure. And anything specific that you've noticed? Because the big pharma companies 
generally go about their budget in November, December. So anything specific that is 
encouraging that you've noticed from the discussions you've had and anything that is a cause of 
concern? 

 
 
Indegene Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Suhas Prabhu: 
So, Rohan, it's a bit early. As you rightly said, most of our customers have a calendar year 
planning cycle, which is also their fiscal year. And as you rightly pointed out, this is the period, 
starting October, going on through till December, maybe early January, wherein the activities 
for the next year are going to be in December. 
 
And the budgets for the next year get planned and locked in. Having said that, I would repeat 
what Manish already mentioned. With most of our customers, there will be, of course, customers 
where the pipeline is not as robust as the rest or is trailing the industry, but with most of our 
customers the direction of the discussion is in terms of stable to increasing activity in the future 
as they prepare for more products, more launches going into 2025 and even beyond. 
Rohan Vora: 
Understood. And just if I can squeeze one last question. So what I see is our enterprise medical 
solution business has done phenomenally well as compared to the other three divisions over the 
last three year, four years, if you see the numbers. So what is working for us in that division and 
how sustainable is this kind of growth rate? 
Suhas Prabhu: 
Sure. So as you rightly pointed out the growth rate in the enterprise medical has been a tad higher 
than the enterprise commercial. But having said that let me actually focus on enterprise 
commercial. The two customers that we had certain headwinds issues due to their restructuring 
and internal kind of issues that they also impacted us impacted almost entirely the enterprise 
commercial segment.  
So if you keep that aside, we would say that both these segments continue to grow. And with 
those two accounts stabilizing we believe that going forward at an aggregate level also we would 
start seeing similar growth even in the enterprise commercial segment. But having said that, I 
wouldn't say there's any particular trend or any specific reason why one segment should be 
growing at a pace faster than the other. In the longer run, we believe both these have enough 
wheels and similar factors impacting both business where we stand today. 
Rohan Vora: 
Thank you so much. I'll get back in with you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Satish Kumar from Kotak Bank. Please go 
ahead. 
Satish Kumar: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions from my side. Can you provide an outlook 
on revenue synergies from the Cult acquisition and the decline in omnichannel activation was 
related to Cult? And second is what gives you comfort that the digitization trend in license 
operations, especially in S&M is continuing to grow at a good pace given that there could have 
been some normalization post the COVID crisis?  
Manish Gupta: 
So I'll pass it on to Suhas. Satish, good question. I guess some bit of normalization had to happen 
on the sales and marketing side because obviously COVID pretty much went 100% remote. That 
has already happened much earlier. Having that major reaction of doing more physical, the 
question again is going back to ROI spends, optimizing, seeing the effectiveness of these spends 
and what is the right operating model to deal with the fact that you have to launch multiple 
products which is super expensive.  

 
 
Indegene Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
And you're losing patent, or your expiries are happening for patent for a bunch of others. And 
on the ground channel is expensive and very clearly not that effective. So companies are now 
getting back to the right model which is not going to be as aggressive as it was in COVID, but 
they're finding the right model. And we see that conversation across the board where we are 
actually now also having conversations with clients where they're talking about for at least a 
bunch of their mature portfolios, 100% digital kind of plans being made.  
So if we see those conversations actually back on the table rather than the other way around. So 
that's one part. Again, as far as Cult is concerned, Cult has now got integrated and works along 
with the enterprise. On the omni-channel is where we report Cult, but interestingly we are also 
seeing a lot of synergies between Cult and enterprise commercial solutions. 
Some of the stuff which I spoke about of moving upstream and aggregation, centralization of 
some of the agency spends as opportunities with our customers, we are standing out really in the 
marketplace pretty much without I would say no alternate because of the fact that we can bring 
these two sets of capabilities together, creative, planning, medical, along with global capabilities 
to do things at scale. And those are the kind of opportunities we are seeing because of the Cult 
acquisition. So Suhas you want to again add on anything to this? 
Suhas Prabhu: 
Yes. So Satish the focus on the integration which Manish already mentioned the Cult and omni-
channel are pre-Cult omni-channel activation which together today constitutes our omni-channel 
activation business has focused on the joint go-to-market operations as well as offerings. And 
our focus continues to remain so. There might be synergies on the cost and therefore margin side 
which is not the focus as we speak because we see a large market opportunity.  
And as Manish already mentioned, we see emerging opportunities by integrating some of the 
capabilities that we acquired through Cult, combining that with our enterprise commercial 
segment and going a little more upstream in that offering. And some of the expansion 
opportunities, the large-deal pipeline actually incorporates this as we speak. And hopefully in 
the coming future, we will see an expansion from the capability set in enterprise commercial 
also coming from some of the capabilities that we have onboarded through the Cult acquisition. 
Satish Kumar: 
Got it. Very helpful. And one final question from me. How should one look at the revenue 
decline in Europe, medical devices of India, and ROW? I mean, is this linked to the decline in 
omni-channel activation and others, is it more of a one-off nature? 
Suhas Prabhu: 
So, Satish, some of the one-offs, of course, are from the emerging biotech or the med devices, 
given that the scale of business that we have with these segments would also be more a project-
by-project or a brand-by-brand which is typically not what we do in the enterprise segment. 
Enterprise segments, as we have mentioned in the past cut across the enterprises, cutting across 
multiple regions and multiple products or all products that our customers may have.  
Whereas a product-level engagement tends to be more in the omni-channel activation or the 
consulting or others segment of our business. So, there is a correlation. I would say there's not 
much of a correlation from a significance perspective, rest of the world or India. But having said 
that our focus continues to be North America, US and Europe which are the major markets for 

 
 
Indegene Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
the innovator pharma which is where we operate. And given that US, Europe is 92%, 93% of 
the global pharma outsourcing spend. We are a little bit more indexed on that today, but we 
continue to have presence in other markets such as China, Japan, India, and the like, but as of 
now the customer focus and therefore our focus tends to be Europe and US. 
Satish Kumar: 
I got that, sir. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Satish, does that answer your question? 
Satish Kumar: 
Yes. Thanks a lot for your comprehensive answers. I'll get back into the queue for further 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarang Sanil from RW Investment Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Sarang Sanil: 
Good morning, team. Thank you for the opportunity. I had two questions. Firstly, was there any 
material expense booked in other expenses that you'd like to call out and where would you like 
the margins to settle in FY25 and 26? I believe in Q4, you had mentioned that you'd like to be 
in the 22% to 24% bracket, but the computation of EBITDA was slightly different, and margins 
looked optically higher back then? 
Suhas Prabhu: 
Yes. So, Sarang, let me take the second question first. As we had mentioned in the last earnings 
call, we have slightly revised the computation of EBITDA based on the feedback that we got 
from participants, investors in the market. And we now exclude the interest income part of the 
other income in the EBITDA computation. And therefore the EBITDA including other income 
which was in that range of 22% plus excluding that the same would be about 2% lower in the 
region of 20% to 21%. And so that's the first one. 
Coming back to your first question on the other expenses, the other expenses and more 
specifically the constituents of the other expenses which have changed quarter-on-quarter basis 
have been largely the subcontracting and the freelancing kind of costs. These are costs that we 
incur when we onboard subject matter experts for certain specific engagements either from a 
technical, clinical competency that we get from external consultants and advisors or certain 
activation roles that are needed for new engagements especially in certain regions in Europe and 
maybe even in the US. 
Sometimes it also includes onboarding of people through staffing agencies, but those would be 
minor, coming out of countries where we may not have our own physical presence to onboard 
the people directly. And this has marginally grown. You can read that in line with the growth of 
revenue, especially when we have onboarded the new logos that have contributed to revenue. 
Some of these costs kick in. Having said that, it's not a material change and we don't anticipate 
that to change drastically. These would vary depending on the phase of the project, but it's not a 
material move. 
Sarang Sanil: 
Sure sir. So the 20% to 21% EBITDA margin that you had alluded too, is that your exit margin 
goal for this year or do you think you would have this next year? 

 
 
Indegene Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Suhas Prabhu: 
Yes, so we would want to – we are striving to operate in that 20% region and as you can see this 
quarter, we clocked EBITDA of 18.4% which was despite the 2.2% adverse impact of the annual 
wage bill hike. Our effort on productivity enhancements and other such initiatives continue to 
provide a positive impact on the margins which we believe should continue going forward. And 
therefore we should on a full year basis, try and get towards that 20% and in the medium term I 
would say in the next two to three years, go even beyond that. 
Sarang Sanil: 
Sure sir. Secondly, with a lot of blockbusters going off date in the next one to two years, is there 
any spending behaviour change with your clients due to this and how differently are they 
planning to tackle this time compared to the patent cliffs that happened in the last decade? 
Manish Gupta: 
The difference between the last decade and this time is that last decade the pipelines were pretty 
weak. Before the last patent expiry, most of the drug pipelines or actually the composition of 
products in the market were more primary care type of products. And when they expired, these 
are very large products. The pipeline was weak because of multiple reasons, financial, FDA 
being more stringent and hence they had to some extent quite a tough impact.  
This time, when patent expiries are happening, the pipeline is pretty strong for most of the 
companies. And hence the imperative is slightly different, that how do we really get prepared 
for these new set of launches. Nevertheless, there is financial pressure because as I said launches 
are expensive and if you're losing patents on existing drugs you have to optimize your operating 
models. And this is what we are seeing and hence they're taking time to get their operating 
models in place. So our sales team, solutioning teams have been super busy in working with 
these clients to get that right, I would say pretty much this entire year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil from Kizuna Corporations. Please go 
ahead. 
Nikhil: 
Thank you for giving me this opportunity. Sir as I can see [inaudible 46:08]. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Nikhil, I would request you to please use your handset. Due to no response from the current 
participant, we will move on to the next participant. Due to time constraint, we will take that as 
the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Suhas Prabhu: 
Again, thank you for your participation on this call today and your continued interest with our 
company Indegene. We look forward to this engagement and interacting with you again in our 
next earnings call. Thanks once again and have a good day. 
Manish Gupta: 
Thank you, everyone. Happy Diwali to all of you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Indegene Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
