 
 
  
 
 
 
 
www.stl.tech 
Sterlite Technologies Limited 
Registered office: 4th Floor, Godrej Millennium, Koregaon Road 9, STS 12/1, Pune, Maharashtra- 411 001, India.                                
CIN - L31300PN2000PLC202408 
  November 11, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C-1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)    
Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
BSE Limited 
Phirozee Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Sub.:  TRANSCRIPT OF EARNINGS CALL - FINANCIAL RESULTS Q2FY25  
Ref.:   Scrip ID - STLTECH/ Scrip Code - 532374 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
In furtherance of our letters dated October 23, 2024 and November 5, 2024 respectively, please find enclosed 
transcript of earnings call held on November 5, 2024 in respect of Company’s Q2 FY25 financial results. 
The same is also being hosted on the website of the Company and is available under the tab ‘FINANCIAL RESULTS- 
INVESTOR EARNINGS TRANSCRIPT’ drop down available at https://www.stl.tech/downloads.html#qiect 
Kindly take this on record and acknowledge the same.  
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sterlite Technologies Limited 
 
 
Amit Deshpande 
General Counsel & Company Secretary (ACS 17551) 
 
Encl.: As above. 
AMIT VILAS 
DESHPANDE
Digitally signed 
by AMIT VILAS 
DESHPANDE 
Date: 2024.11.11 
22:18:36 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
Sterlite Technologies Limited Q2 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
November 5, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ANKIT AGARWAL – MD, STL 
MR. TUSHAR SHROFF – CFO, STL  
MR. CHETAN WANI – HEAD IR, STL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Page 2 of 18 
 
Chetan Wani: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day to you and welcome to STL Q2FY25 earnings 
conference call. I am Chetan Wani, and I am responsible for Investor Relations at STL. 
We are joined by Ankit Agarwal, Managing Director and CEO, Optical Networking 
Business, STL and Tushar Shroff, Group CFO, STL to walk us through the Q2 FY25 
results and to take your questions.  
 
 
 
Please note that all participant lines are in the listen only mode as of now, and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of the presentation. You can also 
download a copy of the presentation from our website that is www.stl.tech. Please note 
that this call is being recorded.  
 
 
 
Before we proceed with this call, I would like to add that some elements of today's 
presentation may be forward looking in nature and may be based on management belief 
and must be viewed in relation to the risks pertaining to the business. The Safe Harbor 
clauses indicated in the presentation also applies to this conference call.  
 
  
 
I now hand over the call to Ankit Agarwal for opening remarks. Over to you Ankit. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Thank you, Chetan. Good day, everyone thank you for joining us for our Q2 FY25 
earnings conference call, and we wish all of you had a wonderful Diwali celebrations 
over the last few days.  
 
 
As we advance to H2 of FY25 directionally, our strategic priorities remain the same, as 
we have been discussing. On the optical networking business, we shall continue to 
driving growth by increasing optical fiber cable market share, as well as our connectivity 
attach rate. To achieve ambition of delivering significant revenue through data center 
and enterprise segments, we will focus on rapidly building data center suite of products 
to tap the huge potential in that area. We should also continue to focus on driving our 
technology and cost leadership in optical business. On our global services business, we 
shall continue to build new capabilities for value added services, while we stay focused 
on improving project mix and improving our profitability, we will also work towards 
completing the demerger of our Services business. Lastly, on our STL digital business, 
we shall continue to scale the business through conscious investments and building new 
technology on the main capabilities while keeping our focus on achieving profitability 
intact. 
 
 
STL has always endeavored to be a responsible leader in ensuring a connected and 
inclusive world. Through our various initiatives in education, women empowerment and 
healthcare, we have positively impacted millions of lives since FY2019. To highlight 
some of the achievements of our initiatives, through our RoboEdge program, we intend 

Page 3 of 18 
 
to empower students with next gen skills or robotics and enable their career growth. We 
have covered more than 11 schools and more than 5000 students till Q2 FY25. We are 
proud to share that two teams of RoboEdge had secured positions in the Robotex 
National Championships, and 12 qualifying students from Aurangabad and Silvassa will 
represent India in the international championships in Estonia in December 2024. Next 
to the right is our flagship Jeewan Jyoti program founded by Miss Jyoti Agarwal, which 
intends to empower underprivileged women by training them in various vocational skills 
to make them financially independent. We celebrate Jeevan Jyoti 10th anniversary 
recently. So far, 5100 women artisans have benefited from this program. Program 
recently collaborated with the ONDC network and Jeewan Jyoti class will now be 
marketed under the new Akai brand. We also feel proud to share that we have now 
benefited more than 25 lakhs lives through the hybrid healthcare program we started 
during COVID for providing primary healthcare as a telehealth facility to marginalize 
communities in the rural parts of select districts of Maharashtra. We continue to make 
meaningful contributions to environmental preservation through our first afforestation 
and water replenishment programs. As part of our social responsibility we will sincerely 
continue to drive such initiatives in the coming future.  
 
 
On the ESG front, we are committed to our goal of being net zero emission organization 
2030. We present some of our accomplishments on landfill, waste removal, reduction of 
carbon dioxide emissions, and water recycling efforts. We are proud to share that we 
now have 100 plus ESG awards for our work. We take pride in being the world's first 
optical fiber manufacturer to be zero liquid discharge certified and first optical products 
manufactured to launch externally verified Eco-labelled methodology. When compared 
to standard products, these Eco-labelled products utilize 52% less energy, carry 75% 
less global warming potential and use 18% more recycled content, 25% more recycled 
package material. These products also reuse and recover almost 20% more waste and 
enhance the longevity of the network by 13 years, therefore benefiting both clients as 
well as the environment. 
 
 
 
In the next few slides, we will cover our optical networking business, and our efforts 
towards becoming the top three players in the optical connectivity business globally.  
 
As we reflect on the last quarter and half year, as per CRU latest estimates global OFC 
demand till September, 2024 contracted marginally. This was led by demand contraction 
in China and Europe markets and slower than expected demand pick up from North 
America. As per latest estimates released by CRU, calendar 2024 remains projected to 
stay flattish or marginally contract. Despite the lower fresh demand during the last few 
quarters, we observed steady fiber deployment and continued client commitments 
towards fiber network creation. Various analyst reports estimate demand improvement 
for 2025 and a robust demand growth for medium to long term. As per latest CRU 

Page 4 of 18 
 
projections, the medium term demands the optical fiber volumes is to go up steadily to 
652 million fiber kilometers by 2028. This projects a healthy 4.3% annual growth in the 
annual demand and a strong 7% annual demand growth for ex-China during 2023 to 
2028. STL’s focus markets of North America and India are projected to grow faster. The 
positive midterm demand outlook by CRU, along with continuous client commitments 
on increasing fiber deployments suggest steady recovery in the coming quarters. 
 
 
We have discussed about AI and anticipated impact on the fiber demand last quarter, 
and the sheer scale of data center capacity additions planned in India present a great 
opportunity for your company. As AI and machine learning blends with mega 
technology trends, the need for massive data center capacities is unabated. Experts are 
unanimous in their view that overall optical connections and fiber requirements in AI 
data centers will be significantly higher than traditional CPU based data centers, as per 
initial estimates, India is expected to boost its GPU based server capability in these AI 
led data centers to 5.2 lakh GPUs by 2026. These GPU heavy data centers will require 
36 times more fiber than CPU racks, driven by an increase in server density and higher 
bandwidth requirements. We will also require compact, high density optical fiber cables 
with up to 70% more fiber in the cables compared to traditional data centers. The data 
center capacity itself is expected to almost double, and the AI data center capacity is 
expected to be more than 1.5 times in the coming three years. The need to fiberize the 
core of connectivity within and outside data centers, which is leading to a fiber explosion 
and the massive data center capacity presents an unprecedented opportunity for STL. 
Progressing towards our ambition of achieving significant revenues from data center 
enterprise segment in the medium term, we launched our AI-DC portfolio in the recently 
concluded India Mobile Congress 2024. Our made in India data center portfolio is also 
a big boost for Make in India initiative by the government.  
 
 
As we have been sharing with you globally, the fund infusion in the 5G network creation, 
FTTx deployments and Cloud data center continues to be strong. The investments in 
these technologies continue to have healthy demand for optical connectivity products. 
5G tiers is one of the fastest growing technologies in the world, and tower fiberization 
is critical to enable this 5G network growth. 5G subscribers and expected to go rapidly 
and as we can see, 5G subscriber growth in North America, Western Europe and India, 
is expected to be robust all the way up to 2029. As per the last report of Analysys Mason, 
the blended average fiberization of total mobile sites stands at 38% in India in 2024 
which is expected to reach 63% by 2029. With higher 5G subscribers, leading to higher 
number 5G towers requiring fiberization, 5G expansion to continue to drive demand for 
more optic fiber globally. FTTx connectivity enhancement efforts remain strong 
globally. In the US alone, approximately 100 million homes await FTTH connections, 
Europe FTTH passes are now expected to grow over 4% over the next five years, and 
India is expected to lead the global growth and FTTx installations with a whopping 26% 

Page 5 of 18 
 
CAGR between 2023 and 2028. As we discussed, data center capacity additions will 
continue attracting strong investments in India and the world. North American data 
center capacity is expected to grow more than 10% CAGR during 2024 and 2029 and 
Europe data center capacities are expected to grow at 8.5% CAGR between now and 
2027. Aiding to the above technology trends, improvement telecom tariffs in India and 
the mega government projects such as BEAD in the US, BharatNet in India, NBN in 
Australia, and various other projects in Europe are expected to substantially add to the 
overall demand of optical connectivity products, both cable as well as connectivity.  
 
 
We have built significant technology capability across the optical fiber value chain in 
the past three decades, from creating ultra-pure Glass Preform to Optical Fiber Drawing 
to Optical Fiber cable and most recently, the optical connectivity. We offer, truly a glass 
to gigabit connectivity. We are amongst very few companies in the world who offer this 
end-to-end connectivity. Our high tech and New Age products offering a back by strong 
patent portfolio of 730 filed and granted patents. We take pride in advanced fiber 
solutions, and many of our products are first in the world or first in India, such as India's 
first multi core fiber, which is multiverse. This product should contain ultra thin fiber 
with seven and four cores, instead of having a single core. And along with multi core 
fibers drawn from the indigenous developed multi core preform technology. At the 
recently concluded India mobile Congress 2024 we showcase the power of the optical 
fiber innovation through a live 4G network transmission with real time traffic 
simulation. We are also amongst first global companies to develop miniaturized, 
advanced fibers with diameters of 180 micron and 160 microns, versus a conventional 
240 micron, which is the world's slimmest optical fiber. Our make in India innovations 
is laying the groundwork for scale up and advanced technologies like quantum 
computing and silicon photonics. At the India Mobile Congress 2024, we also marked 
entry into the AI data center portfolio segment with full-fledged demonstrations of our 
integrated optical fiber cable connectivity and interconnect solutions. Our honorable 
telecom Minister Jyotiraditya Scindia inaugurated this Make in India AI DC portfolio 
and, in his words, STL AI led data center portfolio significant innovation for the AI 
ecosystem will also strengthen India's data center capabilities. 
 
 
As we reflect on our market share on cable as well as connectivity attach rates. Basis the 
CRU global consumption data, H1 calendar year, we had 8% market share on optical 
cable ex China. On H1 CY24 market share seem to be 6% amidst a challenging demand 
environment. Our Q2 FY25 market share, however, seems to have come back closer to 
8% and we believe that our market rate should normalize as demand grows steadily and 
picks up, our intensive sales development efforts have started showing results. Our 
optical connectivity product line continues to demonstrate strong growth momentum, as 
we noted, our highest ever quarterly revenue for optical connectivity products an attach 
rate of 22% during last quarter. We are continuously working on new product 

Page 6 of 18 
 
development and commercialization and optical connecting space to further grow attach 
rate.  
 
 
As we reflect on our financial performance for the optical business, in line with our 
guidance for Q2 FY25 revenue stands at Rs.1027 crores, which showed a healthy 
improvement on quarter-on-quarter basis, EBITDA for the quarter stand at Rs.133 
crores, at 12.9% of revenues. EBITDA margin reflects substantial improvement on 
quarter-on-quarter basis and stands lower on Y-o-Y basis because of lower of OFC 
volumes and change in product mix. The quarter-on-quarter EBITDA improvement also 
indicated a success of various cost optimization measures undertaken by the company. 
 
 
As we have been sharing with you, our strategically located manufacturing facilities, 
completed capacity expansions and CAPEX cycle, and our continuous focus on cost 
structure optimization, product development and innovation, emphasis on data center 
portfolio and tier one customer approvals. We are very well placed in India and 
international markets to capture significant market share as demand picks up in the 
coming quarters. 
 
 
Now, let us reflect on our global services business. In the global services business Q2 
FY25 revenue stands steady on quarter-on-quarter basis at Rs.356 crores. Our selective 
order intake and execution focus has helped us achieve Q2 FY25 EBITDA of Rs.24 
crores and EBITDA margin of 6.7%. We continue to build our capability towards value 
added services and improve margins and reduce our fund involvement. On the large 
projects, execution in global services business, we made steady progress on some of the 
key projects during this quarter. We are very excited about the opportunity that a large 
announced and contemplated programs such as BharatNet phase III and NHAI 
nationwide fiber roll out presents with the extensive large project experience, we are 
well positioned to tap into such opportunities in the coming course.  
 
 
Let us now discuss about STL digital and its business performance. In our STL digital 
business despite the challenging business environment, we observed robust new deal 
flow from marquee customers across US and India. We acquired a large and strategic 
global customer in Europe as well. We continue to work with our customers for growing 
our business in the US, Europe and India across technology and service verticals and 
expect the future growth to be driven by robust order book of more than Rs.336 crores, 
healthy order pipeline and executions strength backed by right team of leadership and 
consultants. In line with our expectation and tough industry environment, with a focus 
on profitable growth, we have achieved a Q2 revenue of Rs.64 crores. The EBITDA 
losses for Q2 stand at Rs.15 crores, despite the lower revenues, EBITDA losses trending 
downward Y-o-Y and quarter on quarter basis.  
 

Page 7 of 18 
 
 
I now hand over to Tushar our CFO to talk about the consolidated financials. 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
Thanks Ankit. Good day ladies and gentlemen. The consolidated Q2 FY25 revenue 
stands at Rs.1,413 crores showing healthy improvement on quarter-on-quarter basis. The 
year-on-year basis, drop in revenue is mainly attributable to lower OFC volumes in 
optical network business. The Q2FY25 EBITDA stands at rupees Rs.151 crores and 
EBITDA margin stands at 10.7% in line with our guidance. Our EBITDA margins have 
improved on a quarter-on-quarter basis and for Q2 after tax losses stands at Rs.13 crores. 
The after-tax losses have reduced on quarter-on-quarter basis. As we look at STL, H1 
FY 25 performance. H1 FY25 revenue stands at Rs.2,631 crore. EBITDA stands at 
Rs.244 crore and H1 FY25 after tax loss stands at Rs.60 crores. 
 
 
We observed the new orders additions during the last quarter and secured several 
important orders from our marquee customers. To highlight the few key events, we won 
the new orders from leading American customer and from leading UK telecom operator. 
For optical connectivity and fiber solution we have received new orders in Italy for 
optical fiber cable and specialty cable products. And in India, we won the new orders 
from Indian private telecom player for enabling their FWA (fixed wireless access) 
deployment. We also secured long-term orders from another large telecom company for 
fiber cable supply and deployment. On the back of our global business, our revenue mix 
as well as diversified during Q2 FY25 we expect the revenue mix to improve towards 
North America and Europe as the demand for optical product pick up in the global 
market. 
 
 
Despite of increased quarter on quarter revenue and significant order descoping our open 
order book stands at Rs.8,630 crore at the end of Q2 FY25, backed by steady order wins. 
And our order book is well diversified across the customer segment and all our 
businesses.  
 
 
 
We place the abridged versions of our reported numbers for your perusal. The net debt 
of the business stands at Rs.2,169 crores.  
 
 
 
Let us go through the updates and the status on our global service demerger. We are 
progressing steadily on a demerger process. The shareholders and creditors of STL India 
have approved the scheme of arrangement in a meeting dated 10 July 2024 basis the 
approval, demerger petition has been filed with the NCLT, and the hearing was 
conducted on 11th October 2024 with NCLT. We are awaiting the order from this 
particular hearing from NCLT. The date for the final petition is pending with NCLT 
Mumbai bench, the final NCLT order is expected in an indicative timeline of next 3-4 
months that is Q3, Q4 of FY25 and resulting companies can be expect to get listed on 
stock exchanges. However, we remain dependent on NCLT progressing on the hearing 

Page 8 of 18 
 
of our matter.  
 
 
In summary, our focus areas for our business are clearly identified as in optical network 
business we shall target to drive the technology and cost leadership and pursue our 
ambition to be a global top three. We will increase the sales in our focus market to grow 
our optical network business and fill the volume gap. We will continue to increase 
optical connectivity business growth and attach rate. We will focus on rapidly building 
our data center product portfolio. In a global service business we will continue to focus 
on select project in tech to improve the profitability and optimizing the net fund 
involvement. In STL digital, we continue to scale the business and grow our revenue, 
along with focused profitability. With this now, I hand over the call back to Chetan. 
 
Chetan Wani: 
Thank you, Tushar. Ladies and gentlemen, we have now come to the end of our 
presentation, and we shall take questions from the audience. We will take first question 
from Nikhil Chaudhary. Nikhil, please go ahead with your question. 
 
 
 
Nikhil Chaudhary: 
This is Nikhil from Nuvama. Good quarter Ankit, finally we are seeing very strong 
growth on Q-o-Q basis, especially on optical business. So first thing is around the growth 
looks like is driven by US and Europe geography, especially the Europe business. So 
just want to understand and get more clarity about what the driver for this quarter was, 
such a strong spike in growth and how sustainable is this revenue number. And just 
addition to it, just want to get some color around BEAD and BharatNet program. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Thank you, Nikhil. So, definitely the whole thought process has been that we have been 
well established in terms of our capacities. We have touched about how all our 
investments have happened over last 2-3 years in terms of glass fiber, cable, including 
our capacities in Italy and most recently, in US. So that has set up that kind of technology 
and manufacturing capacity platform for us. And really, then what we have been talking 
about is, how do we keep on looking to improve our utilization of the facilities. So that's 
really what's happened to a large extent between Q1 and Q2 where we have seen an 
improvement in our optical fiber cable and to some extent improvement in our 
accessories, our connectivity portfolio. And that's something that we want to continue 
to see that how we drive these utilizations up from this current 50% levels and take this 
really back to that 75-80% levels, where then we have meaningful EBITDA 
performance. So that's really the thought process. 
 
 
In terms of BEAD probably, versus where we were 4-6 months ago, we do see that the 
larger volumes of BEAD related cable demand and connectivity demand is probably got 
pushed out by a few months. So while we have started winning a few initial projects 
linked to BEAD, the main significant volumes are now expected probably second half 
of calendar year 2025 and then with it peaking in 2026 and 2027 calendar years. So that's 

Page 9 of 18 
 
really what is the general industry understanding. The second part we had spoken about 
the US was inventory levels that continues to come down. So, in a positive way, the 
execution of fiber for 5G, for fixed wireless, data center, fiber-to-the-home all of that 
continues to accelerate in the US, and that is leading to some of these inventories coming 
down. And again there, I believe that we are probably 1-2 quarters away from those 
inventory levels normalizing. BharatNet I believe, is a project that will get probably 
decided during this quarter in terms of the results and then is a probably anywhere 
between 3-4 year, maybe even 5-year execution period, depending on the complexity of 
the projects. So that is something that as the results come out that will have an impact 
on our services business from an EPC perspective, but equally then from a cable and 
fiber business from a supply perspective. 
 
Nikhil Chaudhary: 
Sure Ankit. So second is especially regarding the US geography, Corning in its last call, 
mentioned that the buying and deployment rate is now completely in sync for them. So, 
is it fair to say that we will see further improvement in us, contribution in our geography 
going ahead, given that they are other tier I and benefit from the long term contracts and 
now the player, like Sterlite should benefit? 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Yes. I would say broadly, that's true. If I look at the next 12–15-month window I would 
have to call out that, particularly this period, November, December, kind of period 
typically in Europe, North America, things do slow down because of winter months, 
deployments do slow down, etc. And then they run their budgets on calendar year, so 
then they start typically on Q4 on a stronger note, which is our Q4 and their Q1. But 
thematically, what you mentioned in terms of demand in North America, we do see all 
of those sectorial themes do play out over the next 12-15 months. And of course, from 
a longer-term perspective as well, North America continues to be probably the most 
positive growth territory globally, where anywhere between 12-15% annual growth is 
expected. 
 
Nikhil Chaudhary: 
Sure Ankit makes sense, next one on margin, while we have seen improvement in margin 
Q-o-Q of 13% but our revenue is now like more than Rs.1000 crore, and at this scale, 
we have delivered much better margin compared to what we delivered this quarter 
despite of having higher optical interconnect business. So just want to understand what 
happened and why we haven't seen such an improvement in margin compared to what 
we used to deliver at this scale.  
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
It's linked to the previous view as well. Largely, we typically enjoy better realizations in 
the North America market. And so, since those volumes have come down, as you would 
have seen last few quarters, our average realization at company level would have come 
down compared to maybe last year or two years ago. So that's predominantly what you 
would have seen and also Europe, as we would have seen, it's been flattish or marginal 

Page 10 of 18
 
there also our realizations have been flattish or slight decline. So that's really what's been 
driving it. Again as we start moving to increasing our value added products, our products 
for segments like data centers as well as our accessory, our connectivity portfolio, that 
should start driving the realization up. Plus, of course, as a share of North America sales 
itself starts coming back that should drive the improvement in our realizations. 
 
Nikhil Chaudhary: 
Sure Ankit. The last one from my side, just want to understand the impact of anti-
dumping duty, which is introduced in Europe. So any impact on your financial this 
quarter. 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
So Nikhil, from the supply chain perspective absolutely there is no impact because 
whatever customer orders are being placed, we have been able to serve all of them 
without any kind of disruption. So, which is very positive. However, we have seen that 
in terms of as we scale up our European facility, we are able to bring down the overall 
manufacturing cost, and we are able to see the higher profitability coming from the 
European market as compared to the kind of profitability that we used to enjoy from the 
European manufacturing side. So, two positive levers are that there is no disruption with 
respect to the supplies that we make to the European customers. And second, with a kind 
of a volume and the leverage that we are able to take operational efficiency that we are 
able to bring at the Italy side, which is also helping us in terms of improving the overall 
profitability of the site, as well as for the ONB business. 
 
Nikhil Chaudhary: 
Sure understood. Thanks Ankit and Tushar. Good luck for coming period. 
 
Chetan Wani: 
We will take the next question from Sunny Gosar. Sunny, please go ahead. 
 
Sunny Gosar: 
Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on an improved set of numbers after 
many quarters of basically a sluggish period. So, my first question is on the optical 
interconnect. We have seen very good performance in optical interconnect with attach 
rate improving to 22% and calculations indicate that the quarterly revenue run rate 
should be closer to Rs.150 crore or plus minus of that. So, couple of questions here, what 
has driven this improvement? Is it more customers in Europe, or have we been able to 
penetrate better in the US? And the second question is, going forward. How should we 
look at the growth outlook, and how should we look at the revenue trajectory going 
forward in the optical interconnect space.  
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Sunny, important to remember that the interconnect business is very closely linked to 
fiber to the home connections. So what we have clearly seen is globally, especially 
Europe, UK, which are strong markets for this business and of course in the US, there 
are very strong and aggressive targets for the fiber-to-the-home. And some of our 
customers, which we have talked about, like British Telecom, Net Omnia, some of the 

Page 11 of 18
 
other customers that we have been very active with, they continue to push forward on 
not only passing the homes, but also taking the fiber all the way inside the home. That's 
really where the strength of our interconnect portfolio comes through and something that 
we have been very proud of doing very well is being very agile in our product portfolio, 
very rapid product development, and at the same time being competitive and creating 
value for the customer. So that's something that has served us well. We continue to 
expand both in UK and in Europe, and we are starting to make some initial inroads in 
the US market as well. But certainly, as this momentum continues, the whole thought 
process is for us to continue to sell it as a solution of the cable and the connectivity 
together to our customers, and then going forward, over the next 2-3 years, we would 
also look to build a portfolio for the data center segment. 
 
Sunny Gosar: 
Any outlook in terms of the revenue trajectory or the attach rate, does this keep 
improving at a steady pace in terms of percentage points? Like, how should we look at 
the next few quarters or next two years?  
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
I wouldn't comment on the immediate quarters, etc. As I said this November, December, 
for example, is a slower month for us, so I won't get into specific orders, but generally, 
the whole ambition for us has always been to scale up the interconnect business 
meaningfully and make it a substantial part of our optical business overall, so that vision 
continues. We continue to invest in our product portfolio, in our IP as well as the team, 
and so we continue to be quite bullish about this.  
 
Sunny Gosar: 
And while 22% is the average attach rate over the entire optical sales, have there been 
customers where we have already reached the 100% or closer to 100% attach rate, which 
basically will signify that our product has very strong acceptance in the base customers 
or the base markets.  
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
That's absolutely true, as you can imagine, as you can do the math, we are 
disproportionately selling our interconnect in UK and Europe markets. So you can 
imagine, in some of those customers, our attach rate would be close to 100% or even 
more than 100%. 
 
Sunny Gosar: 
That's good to hear. My next question is basically on the US business, so US quarterly 
revenue run rate has come closer to like Rs.240-250 crores in this quarter, versus a peak 
of Rs.600-800 crores few quarters before. So, once BEAD demand starts kicking in and 
some of the other new customer wins, and all of the initiatives that we are trying to drive 
come through. Basically, can we go back to that Rs.600- 800 crore quarterly revenue 
run rate? And basically, is there a time frame we can attach, like four quarters, six 
quarters within which this is possible.  
 

Page 12 of 18
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So, I won't comment on a specific revenue target, because I am not keen to give a specific 
forecast right now, but directionally, definitely, the whole intent is for us to scale up 
globally. North America remains our biggest growth opportunity and as you suggested, 
we have done significant numbers in the past in the market. So, the whole thought 
process is as inventory has come down and the new demand is there the whole market 
itself is supposed to go actively from anywhere between 80-90 million fiber kilometers 
to 130-150 million fiber kilometers. So, the whole thought process is that we should be 
part of that growth and continue to take good market share from our current customers 
as well as new customers. And then on top of that, would be a growth of these 
connectivity products that we spoke about, which should start scaling up in the next 2-3 
years. So that's the whole thought process that both combination of cable and 
connectivity, we should start improving. I think time frame is really tough given that 
projects to get pushed out, etc. plus it will also be a function of how the interest rate 
cycles play out, etc. But broadly, the whole thought process is that within 1-2 quarters, 
market should start seeing some improvement, and then certainly over the next, 12-15 
months we do see that improvement.  
 
Sunny Gosar: 
Got it, that is helpful. And one last question before I join back the queue. It's related to 
the debt level. So post the fundraise, in the first half, we have been able to bring down 
the debt by about Rs.600 crores at a net debt level. So, there are two questions in this. 
One is when the demerger of the service business happens, I understand the capital 
employed in the service business, which is your segment assets minus segment liabilities 
is about Rs.1650 crores. So, at the time of demerger, what is the likely debt that could 
move with that demerged entity? And second question is, apart from the operating cash 
flow generated are there any further levers in terms of any non-core assets, or any sticky 
receivables, which can come back in terms of accelerating the debt repayment. 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
So, with reference to the debt, as you have rightly mentioned, we raised about Rs.1000 
crores in Q1 which has been used to repay the debt and successfully we repaid the major 
part of the debt from the procedure that we have received. The current net debt that we 
have is about Rs.2169 crores and our debt-to-equity ratio is about 0.74 at this point in 
time. The idea is to ensure that some of the fund which are involved in terms of the 
execution of the some of the large project, mainly from a T-fiber MahaNet, we continue 
to see that how we can liquidate that and that itself is almost Rs.1000 crores, kind of a 
level. So, we are pursuing at various levels to see how best we can liquidate this unbilled 
and the debtors that we have with some of these particular customers, mainly for 
BharatNet phase II project. So, structurally we are trying to work with the customers to 
see how do we get the necessary right of way approval, so that the central government 
should be able to provide the right of way to the customer, and we should be able to 
initiate the work which is pending for the right of way, and we should be able to complete 
the project and liquidate the cash. So that's the topmost priority for us. Of the total capital 

Page 13 of 18
 
employed that you talk about, of service business, as of September we were expecting 
the net debt to be in the range of Rs.550-600 crores that is what based on the current 
capital employed. That is something that we are looking at and which will get transferred 
to the service business. So, these are the things and levers that we have been working on 
so that we have been able to generate cash and structurally, because this particular 
demerger is tax neutral process and from a tax neutral process perspective, we need to 
allocate debt in a certain proportion, in a certain way, in a certain manner, which has 
been prescribed under the Income Tax Act. So whatever the cash get generated till the 
time of demerger will help both the businesses in terms of improving the balance sheet 
of the respective business. So, our all focus and the entire commitment from the 
management team is to liquidate the working capital that we have blocked in the service 
business. 
 
Sunny Gosar: 
Got it, it is related to the debt. The interest cost in Q1 came down to about Rs.70 crores, 
which saw an increase again in Q2 to about Rs.84 crores. Is there any one off element 
in the Q2 interest cost and since we have already repaid a significant portion of debt 
through the QIP proceeds, what should be the quarterly interest outflow or interest 
expense going forward. 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
So, yes in Q2, we have incurred one of the expenditures for the necessary approval that 
we have received from the bank for a demerger and the expenses or charges from the 
bank for giving the NOC that we have received, those are one of the charges. I would 
say the interest cost should be in the range of Rs.75-80 crores is something that we have 
been working on, saying that it should not go beyond Rs.75-80 crores in terms of a run 
rate of the interest cost.  
 
Sunny Gosar: 
Thank you for the detailed responses and all the best for the coming for quarters.  
 
Chetan Wani: 
Thank you. We will take next question from Saket Kapoor. Please go ahead and ask 
your question.  
 
Saket Kapoor: 
You mentioned about interest cost to be ranging in the band of Rs.75-80 crore. So, we 
paid a large chunk of the money for this quarter. So, won't that be very conservative 
number or what are you factoring in terms of the higher working capital requirement.  
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So, as you know that the two large projects that we have been talking about, if we are 
even able to liquidate at least 50% of that in a next two quarters, substantially we should 
be able to reduce our interest costs, and that is what we are driving. What I have said is 
that with respect to the kind of interest cost that we are looking at or targeting is 
assuming, on a conservative basis, that probably whatever challenges that we have and 
because of any reason, we have not been able to liquidate then what will be the run rate 

Page 14 of 18
 
that we should be expecting, that is the plan. But having said, we are targeting to collect 
substantial part of the money in the next two quarters, having said that demerger is 
closure. So, structurally we are working to see that the benefit of reduction in a working 
capital and the reduction in our debt overall should help us in terms of bringing down 
the consolidated interest expenses for both the businesses.  
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir just to get more clarity the fiber rollout project for Telangana, the completion 
percentage is stuck somewhere in the 69% band. So how much have we invested here 
or what is the amount stuck, if you could just allude and what is the thought process now 
going ahead, when can we achieve the nearest milestone and then the release of fund for 
this T fiber project. 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
Saket on the previous call also, we had mentioned that, the current project of T fiber that 
we have been executing as a requirement of a right of way for a forest area to complete 
certain part of the activity, to complete the execution which has been defined, as per the 
tender contract, we need to roll out of the laying of the cable and to ensure that, we are 
able to connect the entire network in Telangana, which is which is impacted because of 
the right of way in a forest area in Telangana. So which requires necessary approval 
from the central government as well as from the state government, which is pending, 
and this obligation is on the customer. We have been, pursuing regularly with the 
customers in terms of ensuring that we have a right of way, but because of their internal 
or complexity that they have, probably at this point in time there are some challenges 
which we they are trying to solve with the central government to provide us with the 
right of way. But yes, we have been continuously pursuing with the customer to ensure 
that they are able to fulfill their obligation with respect to the terms and conditions 
provided in the contract of providing us with the right of way so that we can complete 
and execute the contract. With respect to your specific questions on the fund 
involvement for this particular project, at this point in time, fund involvement is almost 
to the extent of Rs.700 crores for this particular project.  
 
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir, secondly, Ankit Ji for the digital and the technology part, we have seen the 
growth in the revenue for this quarter, and also, we are flattish on the H1 so what is the 
thought processes for this segment, has the lower business resulted in lower EBITDA 
losses, or what's the way forward. You have mentioned order book mentioned Rs.298 
crore something closer to that, your thoughts. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So, Saket we maintain the same focus that essentially what we want in this business is 
profitable growth. That's really very clear, so we have been very focused on what kind 
of orders we take in, with which kinds of customers, and really want to make sure that 
we start driving our EBITDA upwards and start getting into break even. So that's a clear 
mandate for the leadership of this business, to get this to EBITDA break even asap, and 

Page 15 of 18
 
then look at growth from there in a measured way. Of course, industry tailwinds itself 
have been tough in the last one year or so. I think that should also start improving in 
terms of new orders coming in and new opportunities. But I would say broadly there is 
a lot of discipline with this team. The new CEO, Naveen who's come in, has done fairly 
significant cost cutting as well to really make sure that focus is there on getting to 
EBITDA break even. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
How should H2 be for this segment only in particular, because we were flattish here, 
and the losses have been reduced. Definitely, we are in trend. But how should we close, 
since we have the blueprint ready for how H2 will behave. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Yes, as I said there's nothing different. Single priority for the business is to get to 
EBITDA break even. So that's what we're expecting.  
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, and no guidance on how the revenue growth will be. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
No, as I said, more than revenue growth we are targeting on the bottom line, so that is 
looking at deal by deal and making sure that it's at the right margins. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right and last point, sir, so in your press release part you did allude to the fact of our 
intent of entering the AI DC segment and garnering 25% share. These are very exciting 
phrases, and so what we are eyeing. So, if you could give us some color on how our 
OFC will play a major role and getting to this 25% market share, what is the size of the 
market? So how have we arrived at this number firstly in terms of that, if you could just 
give some more color to it. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So from a simple perspective today, a lot of our focus has been on the telecom segment, 
internet service providers, as well as large government projects like BharatNet or others. 
And the whole thought process is that we see data center itself will be much larger user 
of fiber, consumer of fiber going forward compared to the past. That is something that 
we see because of this change of AI, what you are seeing is a processor that going from 
CPU based to GPU based, if you would have heard of Nvidia and other companies. What 
happens in this scenario is that you need a very high fiber connectivity from each GPU 
to another GPU and this is a very big change in the data centers that's happening in India 
and globally, and this will lead to a very large increase in fiber requirement within data 
centers and to connect large data centers with each other, as well as edge data centers. 
So looking at this requirement, which we believe will be a build out over next 8-10 years, 
there will be continuous fiber build out and data center build out. We have taken a target 
that 25% of our optical business revenue should come from this segment in the medium 
term, that's the whole thought process. And we also looked at our benchmarks of our 
global peers, where we do see that some of our global peers of anywhere between 30-

Page 16 of 18
 
40% of their revenue coming from data center segment. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Correct, sir. And the pricing front, how differentiated are the pricing for the OFC, in 
terms of that goes into this. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Pricing is definitely better, but it's also because the products are much more 
technologically advanced than the approval cycles themselves are very long, anywhere 
between 2-3 years is quite typical. So, that is the work that we have kick started. We 
have launched some products, and we will undergo approval cycles with some of these 
large customers and we will update you quarter on quarter. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir, thanks. Thank you and all the best to the team.  
 
Chetan Wani: 
We will take next question from Rohan Vora. Rohan, please go ahead and ask your 
question. 
 
Rohan Vora: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, the first question was around BharatNet, we have 
wanted to understand your addressable market across fiber optic cable, your global 
services business, and the fiber that you will supply to other players and then adding to 
this, the interconnect product. So, what could be the addressable market that you are 
looking at in the BharatNet project? 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So, there are overall 16 packages and we have participated across the packages, some 
directly, some with a partner that those results are expected within this quarter itself. 
And in terms of the opportunity, of course, overall, is Rs.65,000 crores. Of that it's tough 
to say what we expect to win. But logically, we would want us to be one of the winners 
in the packages. So, depends on the size of package that we become as L1, so let the 
results come out. We will see where we are placed. And then on the cable and 
connectivity part is roughly in the range of Rs.4000-5000 crores overall. And so again, 
there, depending on who the winners of the packages are and our partnership with them, 
we will take a certain market share of the cable and connectivity. 
 
Rohan Vora: 
Okay. So broadly, this Rs.4000-5000 crores is our addressable market size? Is this right 
to assume 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
For the cable and connectivity, yes. 
 
Rohan Vora: 
And then for global services, there will be additional addressable market that will be 
there. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
There is one caveat to this. There are some EPC players who also make their own cable 

Page 17 of 18
 
and connectivity. So to that extent, probably that opportunity may not come to us. 
 
Rohan Vora: 
Understood. And then about the interconnect products, how big is our addressable 
market in that, as far as BharatNet goes. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
It's part of that Rs. 5000 crores. Typically, in India, the interconnect attach rate, etc. 
spend on that is on the lower side. That's why our focus on our portfolio is much more 
on Europe and North America. 
 
Rohan Vora: 
Understood. Second question was on the order inflow. So, you also spoke about 
descoping that happened in the first half. So here on how do you see the order inflow 
the second half? 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So, that this is an important period. As I said if our focus markets, talking of optical 
business to begin with there we definitely see that as the budgets get frozen typically 
between December period and start getting released in in January, February timeframe. 
So definitely, for our focus markets, probably we should see an order uptake in our Q4 
time period. And then equally, for our services business, we have seen an improvement 
in our pipeline of bids that we are participating apart from BharatNet. So again, we do 
expect that we should see an improvement in order booking in the Q4 time frame. 
 
Rohan Vora: 
Okay, so Q3 we might expect to remain slightly sluggish.  
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Yes, that is correct. Largely because of what I explained that in November, December 
is typically quite slow, not much of decision making in this period. 
 
Rohan Vora: 
Also just one last, so on the non-US, non-India demand, so the other regions, what is the 
outlook on that and also along with that on the fiber prices. So, any color on that would 
be helpful. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So, we are looking at of course, apart from the two you mentioned, Europe has remained 
flattish but where we are focused like UK market, in certain parts of Italy which is also 
where we have large manufacturing and we are also looking at some growth in the 
Middle East markets, where we have been quite active. These markets remain steady for 
us going forward, we do expect very strong growth in Germany market over the next 3-
5 years, as well as eastern Europe like Poland, etc. So, these are 2-3 areas we are 
watching very carefully and building our product portfolio. In terms of fiber prices, they 
have been flattish or slight decline in these markets but again, as demand picks up, we 
do expect them to normalize, and that should probably happen in that Q4 time frame.  
 
Chetan Wani: 
Thanks Ankit. Ladies and gentlemen, we have come to the end of the planned time. So, 

Page 18 of 18
 
we will come to the end of this Q&A session. Ankit, I hand over the call back to you for 
giving your closing remarks. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
I’d like to thank everyone again for attending this call and showing the interest in our 
company. Despite the challenging market environment that we spoke about we have 
managed to make progress on key strategic priorities. We continue to focus on all the 
factors in our control. We look at driving our customer focus becoming lean and agile, 
and also driving growth based on our technology leadership. I also touched upon our 
growth and IP portfolio that we have been having now. We continue to aggressively 
pursue business opportunities presented to us in our focused regions and based on our 
high technology manufacturing innovation as well as industry leading products. We are 
very well positioned to execute and deliver robust results going forward and create 
shareholder value as the demand normalizes.  
 
 
I hope that we were able to address and clarify all your queries and comments. For any 
further questions and discussions, please feel free to contact the investor relations team, 
which includes myself and Tushar. We really look forward to continuing the 
conversation with you in the near future. Thank you, Jai Hind. 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
Jai Hind. 
 
Chetan Wani: 
Thank you.  
(This document has been edited to improve readability) 
 
 
