 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
CIN: L65991MH1999PLC123027 
Registered Office :"HDFC House", 2ndFloor, H.T. Parekh Marg, 165-166, Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate, Mumbai-400 020 
Tel.: 022 - 6631 6333 Fax: 022 - 6658 0203 Website: www.hdfcfund.com email: shareholders.relations@hdfcfund.com 
Ref/No/HDFCAMC/SE/2024-25/49                                                                        Date – October 18, 2024  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Kind Attn: Head – Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Sir PJ Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
 
Kind Attn: Sr. General Manager – DCS Listing 
Department  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call  
 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 
2024, conducted after the meeting of the Board of Directors on October 15, 2024 which can also be accessed 
on the website of the Company at: https://www.hdfcfund.com/about-us/financial/shareholders-presentation 
 
Kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sonali Chandak 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SONALI NITIN 
CHANDAK
Digitally signed by SONALI NITIN CHANDAK 
DN: c=IN, st=Maharashtra, 
2.5.4.20=adeb78f6e93967a1a715210b47478ca979cb9
7bc1f9cd4522abe279db46240da, 
postalCode=400101, street=Mumbai, 
pseudonym=3fd752088c1fd9a176a8a069c256b294, 
serialNumber=9130c95220b4b56e3bfed4d800982e8f
97581715ab811366faa253a4697d7814, o=Personal, 
cn=SONALI NITIN CHANDAK 
Date: 2024.10.18 12:34:24 +05'30'

 
 
 
“HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
Q2 FY ’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 15, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NAVNEET MUNOT – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MR. NAOZAD SIRWALLA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. SIMAL KANUGA – CHIEF INVESTOR RELATIONS 
OFFICER 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q2 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call of HDFC Asset Management Company Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note, that this conference is being recorded. 
 
From the management team, we have with us Mr. Navneet Munot, Mr. 
Naozad Sirwalla and Mr. Simal Kanuga. I now hand over this call to 
Mr. Simal Kanuga, who will give us a brief, following which, we will 
proceed with the Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, Simal. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Thanks, Nirav. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining in. 
We'll start with some bit of a background on industry. So, the industry 
reached an AUM of INR67 trillion with a number of unique investors 
crossing 50 million and folio count surpassing 210 million. 
Comparable AUM 3 years back, that is September '21 was INR37 
trillion, a growth of INR30 trillion over the last 3 years. 
 
Number of unique investors tells us a similar story. From 27 million 
then to 50 million now. This quarter, actively managed equity-oriented 
funds, saw net new flows of INR1,331 billion, highest ever quarterly 
flows. This has been accentuated with multiple NFOs. These 18-odd 
NFOs contributed INR368 billion, making up to 28% of the net new 
flows. 
 
One more interesting statistic is that the net flows into these funds for 
the industry in the first 6 months of current fiscal has already surpassed 
net flows for the full year 23-24. As against INR2.37 trillion for FY 
23-24 in actively managed equity-oriented funds, industry has recorded 
flows of INR2.45 trillion in the first half of current fiscal. INR245 
billion is SIP's contribution in month of September 2024, again highest 
ever. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
 
Debt and liquid funds witnessed positive net flows for the quarter, 
however, they were lower compared to quarter ending June 2024.   
We now move to us. We closed the quarter with an AUM of INR7.7 
trillion, market share of 11.5% with equity-oriented funds now 
comprising 65.7% on a quarterly average basis compared to the 
industry's average of 57.1%. Our actively managed equity-oriented 
AUM reached INR4.9 trillion with a share of 12.7%. 
 
Debt and liquid funds registered a market share of 13.4% and 13%, 
respectively, on a closing basis. Our systematic transactions continue 
to thrive with a total of over 10 million systematic transactions 
amounting to INR36.8 billion for month of September 2024 as 
compared to INR22.4 billion in September of 2023. It is encouraging 
to note that 89% of our investors have registered their SIPs for over 5 
years and 82% for over 10 years. We have reached 11.8 million unique 
investors, representing a 24% penetration in the industry.  
We now move to financials. Our total income for the quarter added up 
to INR10,579 million, revenue from operations at INR8,873 million, a 
growth of 38% Y-o-Y. Our operating profit grew by 47% Y-o-Y to be 
at INR6,881 million. PAT for the quarter came in at INR5,769 million. 
 
Before I close, it would be pertinent to talk of additional INR69.75 
crores of deferred tax liability. As per Ind AS, we mark-to-market our 
investments every quarter and create deferred tax liability on the M2M 
gains at the end of each quarter. In the past, we created deferred tax 
liability based on capital gains tax rate prevailing then, including 
indexation benefit. This has now changed. So, for all past MTM gains, 
we have to account for deferred tax liability at new capital gains tax 
rate and without indexation benefit. Accordingly, the deferred tax 
liability recognized by the company on fair value gains on its 
investment as on June 30, 2024, has increased by INR69.75 crores, 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
thereby resulting in an additional charge on the PAT of the company 
for quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 
We can now open for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Raja Banga from RHW 
Trade & Commerce. Please go ahead. 
Raja Banga: 
Congratulations on the good numbers. I want to know if you are taking 
any steps to get fresh investments from NRIs. Is there -- are you 
creating any avenues to attract NRI investors in Indian mutual fund? 
Navneet Munot: 
So apart from the money that might be coming from the NRIs in our 
existing funds, what we are trying to do is we have set up a wholly 
owned subsidiary in GIFT City, our HDFC AMC International IFSC 
and there one of our products is going live very soon. And then we'll 
have another three products, all these four will feed into domestic 
mutual funds. And we think that from a procedure perspective as well 
as our ability to raise more money from the diaspora from different 
parts of the world would be greater. 
Raja Banga: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Saurabh from JPMorgan. 
Please go ahead. 
Saurabh: 
Sir, just two questions. One is on this SEBI's new asset class 
framework. I mean, how do you read this? What are the opportunities 
you think it opens up for you? And the second is just on this quarter 
margin. So basically, is the entire margin thing explainable by the mix? 
Or is there something else -- I mean just trying to figure out the 
revenue yield, it should have actually done better, but I was just trying 
to figure out whether there was any part of the telescopic as well on 
this revenue yield as well? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
Navneet Munot: 
Sure. So, on the new asset class, the way I look at this, it is one more 
opportunity for us. Currently, mutual funds are well bucketed by 
categories. You have like large cap, small cap, multi-cap, etcetera. 
They have restrictions on single stock exposure. And this will open up 
a new avenue with higher levels of flexibility and higher risk reward 
profile for a set of investors who are looking for the same. This will 
fall between mutual funds and let's say PMS or AIF where the 
minimum amount is higher than what in this new asset class would be. 
There would be potential for greater use of derivatives, greater 
flexibility for having more innovative investment strategies. One thing 
is clear that regulators want this category to be within the strong realm 
of mutual fund regulations. This means there will be some restrictions, 
well laid out principles, but this will open up more opportunities for us. 
Saurabh: 
Okay. And sir, just in terms of revenue and your average AUM. Sir, 
your average AUM grew at 13%. Revenue was up slightly higher. So, 
the extra is just -- this is the mix towards equity or because there would 
have an impact of the telescope as well. So just trying to... 
Navneet Munot: 
Yes. So, I think two reasons. One is, of course, as you rightly 
mentioned, mix of, the asset mix and some bit of rationalization on the 
brokerage. So, some partial benefit has come in this quarter. It was 
effective on 1st of August. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA India. 
Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
I have two questions. First is on the tax, sorry if I missed it, but the 
June quarter's extra deferred tax liability, we've accounted for that in 
2Q itself. So, is it fair to say 3Q, 4Q onwards, we will only have a 
steady-state tax rate and there will be no one-off due to this budget 
changes that has happened? First is that. 
And sir, second on the equity segment on the inflows. If you can give 
us some idea on what kind of net inflows have you seen in your equity 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
book? How much of that has come from SIP? Some color around that 
would be useful. 
Navneet Munot: 
 
Naozad, do you want to take that? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
I'll take the tax question. So, the impact of the changes in the capital 
gains tax rate on the MTM gains accrued until June 30. So, this is all 
historical MTM gains accrued till June 30 has been factored in the 
results in the deferred tax liability that Simal spoke about. Going 
forward, we'll accrue the deferred tax liability on the revised tax rate 
on the incremental MTM. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Actually, we can clarify, right? this is not something that will accrue 
every quarter. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Yes. 
Simal Kanuga: 
For past, all of it is settled in this quarter. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Correct. Okay, great. So, all the -- everything till June and then plus 
the September thing, all of it has come together in 2Q, so it is done 
with now. 
Simal Kanuga: 
That's right. Now it will be the normal tax rate going forward. So, we 
don't -- actually, as you know, right, we don't disclose the net new flow 
number. We have disclosed in our presentation the monthly flows that 
have come in through systematic transactions. But one thing we have 
commented in the past and we can even state now that our flow market 
share is healthier than our book market share. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Yes. So, sir, I mean, my simple -- some off the hand calculation, if the 
kind of flows that what we feel is your implied net flows, inflows into 
the equity segment, if something like that continues even for like 
another one or two quarters, you could very well close the year with 
decent about 30% growth on the overall AUM, just by back calculating 
from the equity segment. Will this be an exaggeration? Where do you 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
feel that the needle is going to fall? Any color around that will be 
useful. 
Navneet Munot: 
Why the needle should fall? I mean, over the last 25 years, we have 
invested heavily in our business and I mean given our pedigree, our 
people, our partnerships, the whole product range, the platform that we 
have, we think that there is a long, long runway of growth. And as 
Simal mentioned earlier that the flow market share has been higher 
than the book market share. And yes, we expect to continue building 
on that. On one side, we want -- I mean, a fair market share. On 
another side, we continue to work on expanding the industry and be a 
bigger beneficiary of that. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it. Sir, just last question on the indicative yields for the -- yields for 
the debt equity and the segments that you give out data keeping 
questions, yes. 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
For the Q2, equity is 58 basis points, debt was 28 basis points and 
liquid is between 12 and 13 basis points. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Abhijeet from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet: 
I have a question on yields. See, what has been the impact of 
commission changes in this quarter. And as you mentioned, some of it 
will roll forward. So, if it's possible to quantify or give a sense of how 
much is pending to be benefited in the next quarter? 
Navneet Munot: 
Sure, sure. So Abhijeet, as you know, the regulator had modified the 
TER methodology and the AUM slabs effective 1st April 2019. Since 
then our active equity AUM has almost tripled. It was around 
INR1,600 billion odd to now almost INR4,800 billion plus. With the 
telescoping pricing, we have seen an erosion of nearly 18, 19 basis 
points to our weighted average TER that you would have noticed 
purely due to increase in size of our funds. And we have taken the 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
entire impact on our books over the last 5 years. Now we came to a 
situation where we had to cushion this impact to an extent.  
But in doing this, a few principles. Firstly, we have not touched any 
assets that were brought in pre-April 2019. And for assets mobilized 
post that, we have rationalized commission to a small extent. We 
continue to take larger part of the reduction in TER. This has been 
effective 1st August, as I mentioned earlier, and our distribution 
partners do understand and appreciate the TER dynamics the way 
erosion has happened in the last few years. So, we have done it in a 
very collaborative manner. 
 
As I mentioned earlier, look at the way our equity AUM has moved, 
forget the flows. If one looks at the last 9 months, that is the current 
calendar year, we have seen mark-to-market increase of around 25%. 
And to add to that, then you add the inflows, we mean -- I mean, both 
the AMCs and distributors shouldn't be complaining because revenues 
in absolute terms have been growing. 
 
This kind of mark-to-market gain is not something that we will see 
every year. So, by rationalizing what we will achieve is the speed at 
which our margins were going down will see some bit of slowdown. 
So, let me clarify, Abhijeet, will equity margins keeps sliding? Of 
course, yes, with rising AUM. What we have tried to do is only soften 
the pace at which they were falling by doing this exercise. 
Abhijeet: 
Thanks, Navneet for that. But the broader target or objective of 
keeping the operating margins within that band where we are today, I 
think that should be the objective going forward as well, right? That 
does not change with these changes? 
Navneet Munot: 
Yes, I think we want higher margins and we want lower opex for sure. 
Abhijeet: 
No, the idea was, are there any thoughts to really tightly manage these 
yields going forward? Or was it like a onetime exercise this time? And 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
going forward, probably based on the AUM growth, the decline 
follows whatever the capping is? 
Navneet Munot: 
I mean it's important for me to state that our relationship partnership 
with our distribution partners is deep-rooted. I mean, ultimately, we -- 
all of us are in the business of making absolute money and not basis 
points, the commissions and so have our fees grown at a pace which 
has positively surprised everyone in the last couple of years. 
 
Most of our distribution partners have acknowledged that we have 
cushioned any reduction in TER for the longest time, and this is 
something inevitable. But -- I mean, to answer your question, what will 
happen in future. I mean, our businesses are intertwined, and it has to 
be a win-win both ways. And I'm sure our partners understand that and 
we understand that. 
Simal Kanuga: 
So, I think we can also clarify on what you asked, right? As Navneet 
mentioned, the new -- whatever the rationalization was initiated on 1st 
of August. So, the direct plan modifications happened first time in mid 
of September and you would have seen further modifications in month 
of October. So, I think this quarter is where all of it will come in. But 
some part of that has already been eaten away by the mark-to-market 
increase in the July to September quarter. 
Abhijeet: 
Got it. That's very helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mohit Mangal from 
Centrum. Please go ahead.  
Mohit Mangal: 
Yes. First -- I mean I've got 2 questions. So, first is on HDFC Bank. I 
think the share is kind of pretty constant. And I think last time you said 
that it's our parent, that we'll have more better efforts to increase the 
share. So, if you could just spell out more efforts that you have taken to 
boost the market share of HDFC Bank. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
Navneet Munot: 
I think about the channel, we mentioned earlier that our flow market 
share has been higher than the book market share. We have a greater 
focus on the SIPs and trying to get more and more granular there. And 
we continue to look forward to build on this momentum and explore 
further growth opportunities together. We've been engaging very 
deeply with the bank. If I got your question right, if it is that our 
growth is within the HDFC Bank share.  
Simal Kanuga: 
Are you referring to the pie chart where you are seeing a number at 7-
odd percent constant, that's what you're referring to? 
Mohit Mangal: 
Yes, yes. So, from 5.9% is 6%. So, I think over the last three to four 
quarters, you're hovering around the 5%... 
Navneet Munot: 
So, from the distribution pie data we have provided, it's important to 
note that you can't draw definitive conclusions about market share 
within a specific channel. It's possible that -- I mean, for one channel to 
grow faster than another, while our overall market share in both 
channels remaining stable. So, over the past 12 months, you would 
have noticed the direct channel has increased from 23.8% to 26.5%, 
over 2% increase, which is attributed to 2 factors. One is a favorable 
mark-to-market adjustment because direct plans have lower fees and a 
general uptick in direct investments with fintechs, RIAs being some of 
the contributors. So, the shift in mix reflects the overall landscape 
rather than a loss of share in any particular channel. 
Mohit Mangal: 
All right. So, you say that in absolute terms, basically, it has kind of 
increased? 
Navneet Munot: 
Yes. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Actually, I think the way to look at it, right, we don't publish that data. 
But the way to look at this is out of INR100 of sales that HDFC Bank 
is doing, how much of that is coming to HDFC AMC. And as Navneet 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
touched upon, the number there is healthier than what is there in terms 
of AUM share. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Understood. My second question is that in terms of unique investors, 
our market share has increased, it's around 24% odd. So, if you can 
give some flavor in terms of, say, which geographies like kind of 
driving that or maybe some age group or something, that would be 
very helpful. 
Navneet Munot: 
So that's a penetration. I mean, not a market share as such. But we have 
seen over the last couple of years, I think the increase in the number of 
investors at our end, the unique investors as well as the number of 
folios have increased very sharply and it's attributed to many factors, 
whether it's a product performance, the new product launches, the 
efforts we are making on marketing, the distributor connect, so on and 
so forth. 
Which geographies and all, that would more or less be in line with 
where the industry is growing. It wouldn't be dramatically different 
than that. We are present like across the country. You would know like 
we opened 24 new branches this year, early this year. And we serve 
like all distribution partners across the country. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Understood. So, if you can bifurcate between, say, T30 and B30, I 
think that would be possible. 
Navneet Munot: 
If B30 incrementally in terms of the new investor counts, in terms of 
new folio creation, in terms of the newer SIP accounts has been 
growing faster than the T30 from a lower base.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus Securities. 
Lalit Deo: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, firstly, on the yield side. 
So just wanted to understand the rationalization which we have done. 
So, is it across all the equity schemes? Or is it like towards any 4, 5 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
certain schemes? And also, on the distributor side also, like is it across 
all the distributors community or is it to any particular channel where 
we have tried to rationalize the commissions? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, depending on the scheme, distribution commission that was being 
paid, we have created a multilayer structure with a floor. We haven't 
reduced where the commissions were not high. I mentioned earlier that 
we have also not rationalized any asset that was brought to us pre-April 
2019. So, all in all, we just rationalized rates, which seemed high with 
fall in TER, in the schemes where TER has fallen more in the last 
couple of years. 
Simal Kanuga: 
So, we have done this in 10, 12 different schemes. So, we have done 
across many schemes. 
Lalit Deo: 
Sir, the other question was in the alternative space. So, if you see like 
on a sequential basis, there has been a decent jump in the overall AUM 
as of now. Like it has grown from around INR2,400 crores to 
INR4,800 crores in the last 6 months. So, what is the progress over 
there? And what is the kind of revenue which we are getting over 
there? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, we're very happy to announce that we successfully closed our 
VC/PE fund of fund, the Category II fund of fund on September 30, 
where we got commitments of around INR1,200-odd crores. So, one of 
the reasons is that and then some of the other mandates on the PMS 
side. 
Lalit Deo: 
Okay. And sir, just lastly, on the expenses side, any particular reason 
the employee expense has gone down sequentially? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
So, we had explained in our previous quarter's call. We had an 
employee engagement event. So that was held in Q1. So that's why you 
see a drop from Q1 to Q2, otherwise, more or less consistent. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
So firstly, on this new asset class, which is likely to be introduced. Just 
wanted to get some sense on how the expense ratios or the payouts will 
be structured in this category. I mean, what I understand is in the 
normal equity MF category bans, it's regulated with a certain threshold 
starting with 2.25%. So just want to get some sense of how the pricing 
will be regulated in this new asset class, whether it will be like the 
PMS entities or the equity MFs? 
Second, in terms of now the AIFs or the alternate segment, you've got 
some commitments during the quarter end from PMS. Just wanted to 
get some sense of what are the yields in this segment or your revenue 
from the segment on a quarterly run rate basis? 
And lastly, in terms of the repricing of the back book for certain 
distributors, just wanted to get some color on whether you have 
implemented this across your entire distribution landscape or it has 
been more scattered across different distributor categories? 
Navneet Munot: 
So first, on the new asset class and what kind of TER structure would 
be. Dipanjan we'll have to wait for the final set of regulations. As I 
mentioned earlier, it's a new opportunity for us and we wouldn't be 
able to comment in terms of how the final regulation will look like. On 
the second question on the fee income, it's too early. In fact, it's 
looking at our overall revenues, I think it's very small, maybe as the 
time passes and we have a larger AUM, we'll discuss more on that. All 
I can say is that we remain committed to identify and capitalize on 
emerging opportunities within the alternatives and on the PMS side. 
But as of now, I mean it's not very meaningful to really talk about. I 
mean it's not really moving the needle given the current size. Of 
course, on INR1,200 crores over a period of time and as we build more 
products we hope to make it more meaningful.  

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
On your third question, I think as I mentioned earlier that it was more 
at the scheme level, and any distributor who would have sold those 
schemes would have seen that rationalization, yes. It's same for 
everyone. Dipanjan. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Sir, can I just follow-up on the second question on the alternates. I 
mean, how does the product pipeline stack up or in terms of new 
initiatives or joint ventures, or anything that you're looking at to kind 
of scale up the non-MF portion, obviously, on a small base, but your 
incremental strategies on that part of the business? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, we are laying the groundwork for the alternative business, and 
you'll expect to hear more updates from us on this front. I mentioned 
about the VC/PE fund of fund which got the commitments of over 
INR1,200-odd crores. Additionally, our private credit team is taking 
shape, and we anticipate launching a product in this area over the next 
couple of quarters. PMS business is developing steadily. I think I 
mentioned about the GIFT City initiatives earlier. We have received all 
the necessary approvals to launch funds, but that's the feeder fund into 
the mutual fund, but over a period of time, that would also offer 
opportunities for us to offer our abilities on the alternative side. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
And no -- and is there any other sectoral NFO planned for the second 
half on the equity side? 
Navneet Munot: 
We've got the best-in-class product bouquet. Over the last three, four 
years, we have done significant number of like product launches. In 
fact, our total product count has risen to almost like 100. I think over 
the next couple of quarters, there could be a few opportunities, but 
honestly not many. We would like to really build market share in each 
and every category where we are present. We are dominant in some of 
them. We want to be dominant in each one of them. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. Thank you and all the best. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amrish, Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Amrish: 
Thank you for the opportunity. And good evening to everyone. I had 
two questions on the SIP. So first one was related to the systematic 
transactions, which you report both SIP and STP, which is at 10.31. 
There seems to be some sort of a jump quarter-on-quarter. Is there 
something happening here? If you could give some colour? And the 
second question is, is it possible to report SIP count as well? Thank 
you. 
Navneet Munot: 
That's the number. I mean the number of SIP accounts that 10 million 
accounts that you are seeing, and the jump, I mean, it's been a trend 
over the last several quarters where we have seen increase both in 
terms of number of accounts as well as the size of our SIP book. We 
have mentioned it several times. This has been one of the big focus 
areas at our end to continue to build our systematic transaction book. 
And yes, it's been a very, very healthy growth, and we remain very 
optimistic on that count going forward as well. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Sir, on second part -- I think we'll discuss internally and come back to 
you. 
Amrish: 
Thank you. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from 
Nuvama Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: Hi. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just one question. 
You're seeing a pretty big jump in admin and other opex. I'm not sure 
whether this question was asked earlier. Maybe you can clarify what's 
happening over there? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Yes Madhukar. So, the year-on-year delta for these expenses went up 
about INR19 crores, right? Of the INR19 crores, incrementally INR6.2 
crores is due to CSR, that's mandatory expense. Additional INR2.5 
crores have been spent on KYC expenses. So, our unique customers 
have increased by about 50% over a year-on-year basis to 11.8 million. 
So that's, in our mind, is an investment not an expense because more 
customers, hopefully, over time, will lead to deeper penetration and 
more AUM. So, these two are largely contributors for the increase. 
Madhukar Ladha: And so, ex the CSR, the other expenses are sort of normal course of 
business? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Yes. If you strip off almost INR9 crores, then on the base, it's a normal 
increase in expenditure. We, of course, invest in technology, 
cybersecurity, risk management, compliance, all the stuff that requires 
our investments continue. 
Madhukar Ladha: Got it. Okay, great. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Devesh Agarwal from 
IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Sir you did mention that your flow 
market share is better than your AUM market share on the active 
equity side. But can you share some trend on the flow market share 
itself? How it has been trending over the last four, five quarters? And 
is there any decline in this particular quarter? 
Navneet Munot: 
Decline on -- you're talking about a decline in the equity market share? 
Devesh Agarwal: 
No sir. Flow market share trend over the last, say, five to six quarters. 
Is there any change in the market share of the flow? 
Simal Kanuga: 
Like, this quarter versus the last four, five. I think, Navneet, the only 
thing is this time 28% was through NFOs, which was higher, and we 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
did not have any NFO. So maybe this quarter was marginally different. 
But otherwise, no major change in trend. 
Navneet Munot: 
We had two NFOs in passive funds, but that were, of course, much 
smaller than some of the other NFOs that have happened in the 
industry. You would know that we had a large NFO in the previous 
quarter that manufacturing fund, which collected good amount of 
money. So, if you see a market share relative to March, that's been 
healthy, but quarter-on-quarter. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Right, sir. And I don't know whether you'll have this number handy, 
but if you were to ex the NFO inflows, then how is the market share 
trending? Does it remain same? Or is it improving probably that will 
give us a better underlying market share trend? 
Navneet Munot: 
Ex of NFOs would be decent. if I remember correctly it's higher than 
the book share, yes. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Okay. And sir what would be the yields on the exit run rate for equity -
- active equity? 
Simal Kanuga: 
Exit at the end of the quarter almost 58 basis points. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
58 and quarter average was sir you mentioned but I did not get that 
number? 
Simal Kanuga: 
It was 58 only. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
The same number. Okay got it. 
Navneet Munot: 
Devesh I just checked the number and to confirm that, yes, ex of NFOs 
the flow share is higher than the market share -- I mean than the AUM 
share, book share. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you.  

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Raghvesh from JM 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
Raghvesh: 
Hi sir. A couple of questions. First in your book I observed that around 
47%, 48% of the book is more than INR50,000 crores AUM. So, there 
would be no further repricing. So, if for a TER build and say a 1 basis 
point reduction, does it mean that for you it would be half of that? 
Secondly, on the tax rate on a steady-state basis from now on, do we 
see -- I mean how much higher blended tax do we see at an effective 
basis compared to 20% levels we have seen in 1Q and 4Q '24? 
Simal Kanuga: 
See your first assumption is not exactly the way it works. So, in sense 
what would happen is the new flows would keep coming in at 105 
basis points as per the TER formula, but the weighted average still 
keeps coming down. So, for a scheme which is say today INR95,000 
crores AUM scheme would have a TER say of 1.35%. So, every new 
rupee flowing in would actually keep diluting that number. 
It is not like going forward there would be no so-called depletion in 
terms of yield. As the AUM keeps increasing even from say 
INR95,000 crores to say INR125,000 crores, you would see a 
depletion by whatever, a couple of basis points at every INR5,000 
crores kind of a mark. 
Raghvesh: 
Okay, sir. Got it. And on the tax? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
What is exactly your question? 
Raghvesh: 
So, with the higher capital gains the -- in general the tax -- the effective 
tax rate would increase for you from 1Q and 4Q '24 levels? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
So, see the corporate tax remains the same. The capital gains -- the 
deferred tax liability on MTM is a function of how much gains are 
there in a particular quarter. So, the effective tax is a blend of both. So 
difficult to predict. It depends on where MTM goes. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
Raghvesh: 
Okay sir. Got it. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just looking at the industry data, if you look at the redemption levels in 
-- on the equity side, they have been clocking INR70,000 crores kind 
of number for the past few months. Is there any trend to pick up there 
that while the SIPs continues to be very strong, but is that the 
redemptions kind of picking up and what is the sense you guys are 
picking up from the ground on that? 
Navneet Munot: 
The net retention would be around 50%-odd. I think gross flows in last 
quarter if I remember correctly was like INR3 lakh crores or so and the 
net flows were INR1.5 lakh crores. So, the retention was around 50%. 
It goes up or goes down a little bit here and there month-on-month. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. So, the point that I was trying to understand is generally when 
the equity markets go through a strong phase, wealth managers kind of 
start recommending pruning positions to equity funds and especially in 
a scenario where the debt -- the interest rates are likely to be cut, 
money for wealth managers particularly start moving from equity 
assets to debt assets. Have that kind of traction picked up or do we still 
see that's not happening in the near term? 
Navneet Munot: 
No, not really. And also, another trend, I mean, if you notice the SIP 
flows, a very good part of the overall flows are coming in the form of 
SIPs now. I mean you have seen a INR24,500 crores. So overall flows 
are the two things. One is the NFO flows and the second is the SIPs 
account for a very, very large part of the net flows. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. Second -- the other question was you mentioned that there are 
about 11 to 12 schemes where the rationalization of payouts have 
happened. That would account for what 75%, 80% of the AUM 
equity? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
Navneet Munot: 
I think so yes, somewhere there. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. And just last question on the debt side. How do you think the 
yield on the debt side should move? Do you see probably in the next 6 
months to 1-year time frame money moving to higher duration assets, 
which I think the flows have kind of started indicating some bit of 
trends but not so strong trends yet, but do you see this happening? And 
the debt yields kind of start moving higher? 
Navneet Munot: 
No, we have seen both actually. After 3 years of negative flows, we 
saw this year in the first 6 months, positive flows into debt and liquid. 
But a large part of that is at the short end of the curve. At the same 
time, we are also seeing some of the investors locking in into the long-
duration products. But I mean, as a percentage that money would be 
smaller. And margins have been the same and I don't see a major 
change over the next few quarters, yes, unlikely. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Thank you so much. And all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pavan Kumar from Ratna 
Traya Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pavan Kumar: 
I wanted to understand the industry, I guess, including you have been 
trying to marginally increase -- very marginally the TER increases that 
have been announced in maybe September, October. So, is this trend 
going to continue? And at a higher level, my question is, do we expect 
because of all these kind of rationalization in commission and this TER 
increase right now? Are we going to see say, flat kind of yields going 
forward instead of the sliding yields going forward? What is the 
overall -- color on that? 
Navneet Munot: 
There have been like a couple of people. This seem to be like the most 
asked question today. Let me reiterate one thing. Over the last couple 
of years, the mark-to-market gains have been phenomenal. Markets 
have been very kind to us. AUMs have gone up, and they have gone up 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
for both of us, for the asset managers like us as well as our distribution 
partners. 
 
Everybody understands the telescopic pricing that when you have this 
kind of AUM growth, both on account of flows as well as mark-to-
market, there would be impact on the margins. Over the last 4 or 5 
years since the last rationalization happened in April 2019, we have 
taken the entire brunt of that. A stage came where we had to engage 
with our partners and tell them that, I mean in the interest of healthy 
partnership we need to share some bit of it. We have been very rational 
while doing that. I mentioned like a couple of things. We have not 
done anything for any asset that was brought pre-April 2019. 
 
Also, the way rationalization has been done is like depending on the 
scheme. Wherever, I think the fall has been steep where we have 
rationalized it. And I think the partners are very important for us and 
partners also understand. And our business is like intertwined with 
them and both of us understand it has to be a win-win for both. 
Pavan Kumar: 
Perfect. But over the medium term, do we intend to keep the yields 
flat? Or is it like going to be still kind of continuous drop as we saw in 
FY '24? 
Navneet Munot: 
I mentioned earlier that equity margin will keep sliding with the rising 
AUM. That's a good problem to have. In fact, on every call we would 
have mentioned, we would like market to go up. We would like more 
flows to come in. All of us want to make absolute money, we are not in 
the business of like earning basis points. We want absolute money, and 
that will come when AUM grows. What we have tried to do is soften 
the pace at which they were falling by doing this exercise. 
Pavan Kumar: 
And one last question from my side. So, the closing equity yield is 
around -- I'm guessing, 58 bps. So where do you expect this to 
stabilize? Or there is low flow to this? That's what you are almost 
indicating? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
October 15, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
Navneet Munot: 
Like how do you think -- I mean, next year if market delivers another 
50%, this will fall but that will be very healthy. 
Pavan Kumar: 
So, at a higher level, are we saying if the market, let's say doesn't 
deliver we are going to have some negotiations with all the partners 
involved, including regulators. Is that higher level understanding? 
Simal Kanuga: 
No, nothing like that. No. I think so what Navneet mentioned is if the 
market, for example, does not move and if the flows are muted, then 
the yields will stay constant. If market moves up, right? The yield in 
terms of basis points will fall but the AUM would increase and 
thereby, the overall revenues that would come to us would be high. 
Pavan Kumar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last 
question. I would now like to hand the call back to Mr. Navneet Munot 
for closing comments. 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you so much. I wish you all a very happy Dussehra, and then 
best wishes for the upcoming festive season. Wish you all a very happy 
Diwali. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of HDFC Asset Management Company Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
