 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
 
To, 
The Secretary,  
 
 
 
 
 
The Secretary, 
Listing Department,  
 
 
 
 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited   
 
BSE Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
 
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers 
C/1 G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
 
 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
 
 
Mumbai- 400 001 
(Scrip Code: THYROCARE) 
 
 
 
(Scrip Code: 539871) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of post results earnings conference call held on October 23, 2024 with 
Analysts / Investors. 
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”) 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) and 46(2) read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing 
Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call with 
Analysts and Investors held on October 23, 2024. 
 
The same has also been made available on the website of the Company (www.thyrocare.com). 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Thyrocare Technologies Limited,      
   
 
Ramjee Dorai 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
Dorai 
Ramjee
Digitally signed by 
Dorai Ramjee 
Date: 2024.10.28 
16:56:23 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 23, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL GUHA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – THYROCARE 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. ALOK KUMAR JAGNANI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – THYROCARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. NITIN CHUGH – CHIEF COMMERCIAL OFFICER – 
THYROCARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. KAPIL GUPTA – STRATEGY AND INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – THYROCARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Thyrocare Technologies Limited Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kapil Gupta from Thyrocare Technologies Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Kapil. 
Kapil Gupta: 
Thank you, Rutuja. A very good evening to all and thank you for joining us today for the 
Thyrocare Earnings Conference Call for the second quarter of FY '25. Today, we have with us 
Mr. Rahul Guha, MD and CEO of Thyrocare; Mr. Alok Jagnani, CFO of Thyrocare; and Mr. 
Nitin Chugh, Chief Commercial Officer of Thyrocare, along with other key members of the 
senior management on this call to share highlights of the business and financials for the quarter. 
 
I hope you have gone through our quarterly results press release and earnings presentation which 
has now been uploaded on the Stock Exchange website. The transcript of this call will be 
available in a week's time on the company's website. 
 
Please note that today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in 
relation to the risks pertaining to our business. After the end of this call, in case you have any 
further questions, please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team. I now hand over 
the call to Mr. Rahul Guha to make the opening remarks. 
Rahul Guha: 
Thank you, Kapil. Good evening, and welcome to all on the call. Thank you for taking out time 
from your busy schedules to join us this evening. Just a quick introduction to us on the call. My 
name is Rahul Guha, and I'm the MD and CEO of Thyrocare, and thank you for the opportunity 
to present the Q2 results of FY '25. I'm joined with my colleague Alok Kumar Jagnani, who is 
our CFO; and Nitin Chugh, who is our Chief Commercial Officer; along with Kapil Gupta, who 
is part of our Strategy and Investor Relations team. 
 
As in all my calls, I will start with the quote from Nelson Mandela in recognition of our foray 
into Africa. It is in your hands to make a better world for all who live in it. And we believe 
Thyrocare can bring our business model to Africa to make affordable and good quality 
diagnostics available to all. 
 
I'll give you some of the key highlights of what we've been up to in the last quarter. Before we 
get into the details of the quarter, I'll reiterate the pay-for-performance pricing structure that we 
implemented last year. Last year, our discount structure was one size fits all, but now we have 
moved to a slab-based pricing model, which we implemented in May 2023. It's been 1 year plus 
since that implementation, and this has led to an increased energy with our franchisee network 
with motivation to move up volumes and enter higher slabs. It will also result in a movement 
towards larger franchisees and enable much greater reach from our large partners. 
 
Quality continues to be our top priority and we view it as an ongoing journey. We are proud to 
say that currently, 28 out of our 32 labs are now NABL accredited. Currently, 96% of our total 
sample load is processed in NABL Labs, a significant achievement considering only 2% of 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
pathology labs nationwide hold this accreditation. To validate our commitment to quality, we 
conducted an independent study published in the International Journal of Advanced Research, 
Ideas and Innovations in Technology. The findings revealed that 9 out of 10 doctors trust 
Thyrocare reports and confidently recommend our services to their patients. This endorsement 
underscores the dedication and effort we've invested in maintaining high-quality standards. 
 
Further, in September 2024, we were recognized and rewarded by the College of American 
Pathologists, CAP for short, for maintaining excellence in high-quality laboratory care for 15-
plus years. CAP is the international gold standard accreditation that represents the top-tier 
quality in pathology and laboratory medicine. We hosted our third Advisory Board Meeting in 
August 2024 with the panel of esteemed doctors to gain insights on enhancing our quality 
milestones. Doctors witnessed our cutting-edge technologies and stringent protocols, reinforcing 
our commitment to diagnostic excellence. 
 
I'm also very proud to say just this week, we launched the largest HbA1c study across the country 
where we have studied 20 lakh HbA1c results to publish the largest HbA1c study in the country. 
This quarter, we have also reduced our complaints per million samples by 58% as compared to 
last year. 
 
Beyond the work on quality, we continue to selectively expand our offerings. Aarogyam remains 
our flagship brand in the preventive healthcare segment, but now we have two more brands, 
Jaanch and Her Check. Jaanch, as I've said before, is targeted towards lifestyle challenges or for 
you to better understand your health. We have solutions across the spectrum for anything you 
might be worried about. Is it fever or something more serious? Why is my hair falling? Cancer 
screening as well as deep investigations, common chronic diseases like diabetes, heart health 
amongst others. 
 
We are very proud of some of the key milestones that we achieved in this quarter. On the revenue 
front, we have achieved a record high of INR177.4 crores this quarter, surpassing even our peak 
during the COVID period. This remarkable achievement is a testament to our strategic business 
expansions, investments in quality improvement and our unwavering customer-centric 
approach. We have 8,400 active franchisees. As a result, we processed 6.7 million samples and 
served 4.4 million patients in this quarter, which is 15% and 9% year-on-year growth, 
respectively, in volume. Total tests conducted during this quarter was around 44 million, which 
grew by 15% year-on-year. 
 
I'm happy to share that we have completed the acquisition of Polo Labs on 29 July. Polo Labs is 
a pathology diagnostic company based out of Punjab with a wide presence in Punjab, Haryana 
and Himachal. This allows us to expand our footprint in North India. Additionally, I'm delighted 
to share that we signed a business transfer agreement to acquire the clinical diagnostics business 
of Vimta Labs on 30th August. Vimta's Clinical Diagnostics division with its established 
presence in Telangana and Andhra Pradesh offers us an excellent opportunity to further 
strengthen our presence in South India. This transaction was successfully closed on 11th 
October. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
 
Partnership's business did phenomenally well in the quarter and grew as we onboarded new 
clients in Healthtech segments and continue to grow our existing accounts. Also, with the 
acquisition of Think Health, it has strengthened our offering for the insurance segment with the 
additional capability of ECG at home. This allows us to give our insurance partners a one-stop 
solution for blood and ECG testing and further deepen our presence in the pre-policy medical 
checkup and annual health checkup business. And we are now the company who offers health 
checks with ECG at home, and I'm sure that will enhance our Aarogyam brand. 
 
On the B2G side, we continue to execute TB projects in the state of Gujarat and Maharashtra. In 
Tanzania, since going live in March 2024 and processing our first sample in April, we have 
successfully partnered with over 50 health care facilities in Dares Salaam. Our mission is to 
continuously collaborate with major hospitals ensuring they have access to comprehensive 
diagnostic services. With our state-of-the-art laboratory equipped with world-class machines and 
infrastructure, we're poised to make a significant impact on health care in the region. 
 
With that, I will now hand over to Nitin to cover the highlights for the quarterly business 
performance. 
Nitin Chugh: 
Thank you, Rahul. A warm welcome to each of you. First, I would like to start with our pillars 
of growth which have been contributing strongly to our consistent performance. The first one is 
customer success. The focus is to ensure accurate, timely and affordable diagnostic services 
through quality control, robust data management and customer support. With advanced 
technology and streamline processes, we aim to enhance customer satisfaction. Launching of 
live reports for our franchise base and our D2C customers is a testament of our continuous work 
towards customer success. 
 
The second pillar is network expansion. We are deepening our presence across India by going 
deep into the country with our franchise network and through our acquisitions as well. Also on 
the partnership side, we are expanding our footprint going deep into the PPMC in insurance 
business. The third pillar is our test menu expansion. We are introducing a wider range of 
specialized tests and health packages for our partners using targeted marketing to drive adoption 
and increase value for both partners and our customers. 
 
Now I will briefly update you about the business performance highlights for the second quarter 
of FY '25. Overall, at a consolidated level, we did 20% year-on-year revenue growth this quarter, 
primarily driven by our pathology business. Our franchise business showed a revenue growth of 
14% year-on-year. We have started focusing towards opening up smaller labs in partnership 
along with franchise and storefronts, which shall lead to higher processing capabilities and 
ultimately leading to a higher franchise business growth in coming quarters. 
 
Our partnership business grew by 33% year-on-year, and if we exclude API, it showed a 
tremendous growth of 40% year-on-year. Radiology business, including Pulse Hitech, did a 
strong revenue growth of 21% year-on-year. With that, I will hand over to my colleague, Alok, 
to cover the results. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Alok Jagnani: 
Thank you, Nitin, and a warm welcome to everyone joining us today. I'm pleased to announce 
that we have achieved the highest ever consolidated revenue in a quarter with robust growth 
across all key business parameters. I would like to highlight that the pathology diagnostic 
industry is growing in the early mid-teens, whereas we had consistently delivered mid-teen to 
high-teen growth over the past few quarters. This highlights our sustained strong performance 
and reflects the strength of our leadership and strategy. 
 
For the quarter, revenue stood at INR163 crores stand-alone and INR177 crores consolidated, 
reflecting a 20% year-on-year growth. Of this, 19% was coming from organic and the remaining 
1% attributed to inorganic expansions, what we have done recently. This growth was driven by 
33% rise in the partnership revenue, whereas 14% revenue is coming from franchisee business. 
Total pathology revenue grew by 20% year-on-year, while radiology business saw a 21% year-
on-year increase. Our stand-alone gross margin for the quarter was 71% up by 95 basis points, 
primarily due to the improved negotiation, favourable revenue mix and better infrastructure 
utilization. 
 
Employee expenses increased year-on-year, driven mainly because of annual increments and 
head count increase from the new business acquisitions. The stand-alone normalized EBITDA 
margin for the quarter stood at 31%, an increase of 186 basis points, primarily due to the margin 
improvement and operating leverage. EBITDA margin in radiology NHL declined, largely due 
to the onetime professional charges and other costs. 
 
At a consolidated level, gross margin stood at 71%, while the normalized EBITDA margin was 
29%. Reported EBITDA grew by 28% year-on-year, PAT grew by 29% year-on-year despite 
some margin pressures from the recent acquisition and geographical expansions. 
 
In terms of cash flow, we have done a great job, and we generated around INR89 crores from 
the operations during H1 FY '25, which shows around 28% increase over H1 FY '24. This 
demonstrates improved operational efficiency and stronger cash flow generation, reflecting our 
strategic initiatives to drive growth and enhance profitability. 
 
Now I will hand over the call to Rahul for a strategic update. 
Rahul Guha: 
Thank you, all. Briefly, I would like to take a few minutes to recap to you a strategic direction, 
and then I will open it up for Q&A. First, I will reiterate our value proposition to the customer. 
We will continue to remain an affordable option to all patients with good quality and on-time 
reports. All our efforts on our value proposition is towards ensuring low cost to the patient, 
assurance on quality of testing through our certifications and engagement with doctors. We have 
made substantial progress on this, which I updated in my initial comments, and is reflected in 
the presentation. This will remain at our core and will continue to guide all that we will do. 
 
Second, our strategy. We continue to maintain our strategy of being the B2B partner of choice 
to all front-end diagnostic services companies in India, whether it is a small diagnostic center in 
a semi-urban area, a pharmacy in a metro, a small nursing home, an individual doctor or a leading 
online diagnostics platform or Healthtech Marketplace. We are happy to work with them to 
provide low-cost, robust testing solutions so that they can serve their patients in the most 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
effective manner. If they require phlebotomy, we are happy to mobilize our phlebotomy network 
of almost 1,500 phlebotomists, including our network partners, to serve them better. This 
strategy has been working well for us as is reflected in the really strong growth in our 
partnerships business. 
 
We remain dedicated to expanding our business, and with the acquisition of Polo Labs and Vimta 
Clinical Diagnostics, we plan to significantly increase our presence where we had gaps, 
particularly in North India and in particular, Punjab, and in South India across AP and 
Telangana. Additionally, to further boost our partnerships business, the acquisition of Think 
Health allows us to offer ECG at home services, further enhancing our value to our insurance 
partners. 
 
That, in a brief, is our mandate as management. Thank you so much for giving a patient hearing. 
I will once again end with the quote from the Mahatma, Find purpose, the means will follow, 
and our purpose remains to provide affordable, high-quality testing to the masses. With that, we 
will open up for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Spark PMS. Please go ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
A couple of questions from my end. Currently, what would be the revenue contribution from 
packages to the total pathology revenues? And if I look at the presentation, the active franchises 
further increased. So how much can it grow from here on, and partnership revenues has seen a 
34% growth. So is it low base or what is happening on the partnership side of pathology? These 
were my questions. 
Rahul Guha: 
Got it. So, I'll let Nitin take the packages question. I'll address your other question. See, we are 
-- the second question, which is how much -- with 8,500 franchisees? How much more can you 
grow? You must recall, we are a B2B partner of choice. India, depending on who you ask, but 
the rough estimate is there are about 1.5 lakh pathology labs. We work with 8,500. So, we are 
only scratching the surface when it comes to our penetration into that base. So, I think there, 
there is ample opportunity to continue to grow. 
 
On your other question on partnerships, is it a low base? Actually, partnerships now is almost 
33% of our business. So it's not a low base anymore. But as I said in the beginning, being a B2B 
partner, it allows us to service a lot of health care companies and enable them to offer 
diagnostics. Just to give you an example, if you are a hospital and you do diagnostics in the 
hospital. When it comes to home collection, it becomes very difficult for a small hospital to offer 
home collection to their patients, right? 
 
Because once they walk out of the hospital, it becomes difficult. And for those situations, they 
turn to Thyrocare. Similarly, if you are a Healthtech platform, largest being PharmEasy, but we 
work with every single major Healthtech platform. It becomes difficult for them to maintain a 
lab network, phlebotomy network for what is not exactly their core business, right? And so 
therefore, they offload or outsource that part of their business to us. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
 
And we're seeing a lot of traction on that front, Prakash. I'll let Nitin answer your question on 
the packages. 
Nitin Chugh: 
And just to add on to this, even at a franchise level, if I compare Q2 of last year versus this year, 
we have added almost 2,500 franchises, right, to the transacting base. And we feel that, like 
Rahul said, this is just scratching the surface, and we feel that over 1,500 franchisees can be 
added the next year as well, 1,500, 2,000 franchisees. 
 
Now talking about packages, more than 30% of our revenue -- a little more than 30% of our 
revenue comes from packages and rest is all stand-alone tests. And when I say packages, I 
include all our brands, Aarogyam, Her Check, etcetera, and Jaanch. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Okay. And just one last thing, if I may. In terms of the pathology revenues over the long run, in 
case there is a mix change between franchisee and partnership, does that change the overall 
margin profile of the company or no? And is there any broad direction which we are working to 
have a mix or grow franchisee at a certain level or partnership at a certain level? 
Rahul Guha: 
Maybe I'll take that. The Partnerships business does come at a lower margin than the Franchise 
business, marginally, not a big difference, but yes, it comes at a lower margin. But our aspiration, 
and I have always been saying this, I expect Franchise business to grow in the early double digits 
to mid-teens, and we have been consistently performing on that front. And I expect our 
Partnerships business to outperform our Franchise business, and that is what is panning out. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nilesh Sharma from Anantnath Skycon Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Nilesh Sharma: 
My question is regarding the shares pledged by parent company. So is there any clarity how we 
can see in future the pledge will be removed? 
Rahul Guha: 
See, we, as management, are operating Thyrocare Technologies Limited. We are not privy to all 
the discussions on the pledge front. So, it's difficult to comment or give any guidance on this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amey Chalke from Jio Financial. 
Amey Chalke: 
So, first question I have is on the franchise sales, which is around 68%, shown in the PPT. Is it 
possible to give a breakup in terms of how much would be roughly coming from mom-and-pop 
local labs and nursing home and hospital? 
Rahul Guha: 
For the Franchise business? 
Amey Chalke: 
Yes. 
Rahul Guha: 
So I would say -- I'll let Nitin take that. 
Nitin Chugh: 
Yes. So see, generally, because our end customer is the franchisee, right? So, we only categorize 
our franchisees into, say, large and small franchisee so the end customer for a franchisee, like 
you rightly said, can be a mom-and-pop laboratory or a direct consumer or a hospital wherever 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
they are picking a sample from. We generally, at our end, only categorize those as large 
franchisees or small franchisees. But we have a rough estimate in mind, but... 
Rahul Guha: 
But just to give you a broad -- I mean, broadly, I would say 90% of our franchisees are pathology 
labs. They in turn may be servicing hospitals, but direct hospital as franchisees, actually, that's 
not a very large number. They get served -- because there's a fair amount of credit and all of that, 
and we work in our franchisee model as a prepaid company. So therefore, our franchisees service 
those hospitals. Direct hospitals would be a very small proportion of our revenue. 
Amey Chalke: 
Got it. And one more question. On the volume growth side, is it possible to give a breakup like 
the franchise growth is around 14%. So, is it possible to give the price and volume breakup here? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes, yes, it's there in the presentation, but Nitin can clarify it. 
Nitin Chugh: 
Yes, around 9.5%, 10% has come from volume growth out of the 14%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bino Pathiparampil from Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
A quick question on the number of labs added. This Polo which you have acquired, does it come 
with the lab or so? 
Rahul Guha: 
So, Polo comes with, I think, 3 or 4 labs, which we have not included in our lab count. It's a 
good call out. But our total -- of about 8,500, we have not included the Polo count as yet because 
it's too early. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Okay. So, I mean, is it just this quarter thing, next quarter onwards, I assume you will add that 
to the number of labs? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Okay. And you have added 2 labs on your own in the quarter. So going ahead, what would be 
the plan to add more labs? Would you be organically adding a couple of them a year or so? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes, I would say -- as I guided, maybe a year ago. Today, there is a Thyrocare lab anywhere in 
India within -- if you drop a pin anywhere in India, roughly in 200 kilometers. There are still 
some white spaces that we don't occupy. Those -- you can expect at best 3 or 4 labs a year. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Understood. And finally, on the imaging business, this 21% growth that we have seen in the 
quarter, is that sort of a sustainable number? Do you plan to invest more there, accelerate it? Or 
is it just a base effect and it will gradually come off a little bit? 
Rahul Guha: 
See, I have always been saying you should expect -- I will be happy if we do mid-teen growth 
with stable EBITDA. I don't think we are in a position at this point to change the guidance. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Khemka from Incred PMS. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Khemka: 
Rahul, on the EBITDA margin guidance, just a little perplexed. In your opening remarks, you 
made a comment that you guys have been able to maintain EBITDA despite the operating 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
deleverage of opening new franchisees, expanding your reach. So natural corollary would be 
that once your new franchisees become productive enough, breakeven and then start producing 
profits, your EBITDA margin should expand from here. So care to clarify on that? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes, but we'll continue. This expansion, Aditya, is a never-ending journey, right? So as the 
current franchisees stabilize and come back to normal EBITDA, we will continue to add new 
franchisees and I don't expect that journey to stop anytime soon. And we are also, as you know, 
on the lookout for more acquisitions. So therefore, what I've always been saying is, any operating 
leverage coming out of the business, we will invest back into growth, and I continue to maintain 
that. 
Aditya Khemka: 
Understood. That's helpful. Secondly, I saw a 4% increase in realization per test in your deck. 
Again, can you sort of explain if this 4% realization per test is a function of the mix or is it the 
pricing that we have used to produce this? 
Rahul Guha: 
It's mix. We haven't raised prices, so it's only mix. 
Aditya Khemka: 
It's all mix. Okay. On that side then, Rahul, if I look at Thyrocare historically, one of the strengths 
or weaknesses of Thyrocare was a narrow test menu, which obviously limited your ability to 
attract customers, but at the same time, it gave you operating leverage because you were able to 
use the same analyzers a lot more than other labs are able to do. So when you expand test menu 
and you offer new more esoteric tests, wouldn't that sort of impact asset utilization adversely? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes and no. We are very cautious about the menu that we expand. We try to -- without getting 
into the technicalities, right? If you have an analyser that can do, let's say, 20 tests. Currently, 
we do 10, right? We know there is a demand for 5 more, but it does not require any additional 
CapEx. It does introduce complexity in the number of reagents that you store and the number of 
controls that you have to run and all of that. But from a capex point of view, there's hardly any 
additional investment. 
 
So our expansion of test menu is what more can we do with the technologies that we have rather 
than entering into new technologies. The exception is histopathology, where we felt there is a 
definitely large market there, which we have been unable to tap into, right? And we invested in 
that technology. 
 
Also, with the acquisition of Vimta, they had a much larger test menu than us. And we were able 
to see areas which were white spaces, which we hadn't tapped into, right, where there is a 
significant demand, but we hadn't gone into that test menu. But I think with the exception of 
histopathology, we haven't expanded our technology platform. Our technology platforms remain 
the same. Within the technology platforms, we have expanded the menu. 
Aditya Khemka: 
Got it. And actually, my last question was on Vimta itself. So you have recently closed the 
transaction. Could you give us a flavor of what it's looking like? Or is it too early to say? 
Rahul Guha: 
It's quite early, but I'll let Alok give you some snapshot. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Alok Jagnani: 
So, Aditya. So we have recently completed the Vimta deal BTA on the 11th of October only. 
And in the presentation also, we have given some highlights that what the turnover of business, 
what they had. Around INR30 crores of top line, what they are carrying. And they have a more 
or less very close to breakeven or some minor negative EBITDA margins, what they are 
currently managing. We are very hopeful that now it's going to be in our portfolio, we are going 
to change and turn around the same over a period of next 9 to 12 months' time and going to bring 
back to the Thyrocare parameters and margins what we are looking for, normally what -- so 
that's what we are expecting. 
 
Vimta was having around 7, 8 labs, but all the labs we have not taken over. We have a 
consolidated a few labs. A few labs, we have taken over and continue to do what they are having. 
And over a period of time, we are going to review that what can be consolidated and what can 
be expanded depending upon the volumes and other things. So next 6 months, let's wait and 
watch how Vimta businesses are moving towards. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nilesh Sharma from Anantnath Skycon Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Nilesh Sharma: 
Sir, will you please guide us any improvement from the front of insurance company tie-up that 
you were talking in your last con call, that you're planning to tie up with the insurance companies 
for a big corporate tie-up where we can increase our regular checkup. So is there any significant 
development on that front? 
Rahul Guha: 
Sure. I'll let Nitin take that question. 
Nitin Chugh: 
Yes. So see, our focus continues to be on the insurance business, both on the annual health 
checkup as well as the PPMC. Yes, we have made some strides because I cannot obviously name 
the people that we are working with and name the companies. But yes, there are a few clients 
that we have added on and we are adding regularly every quarter. 
Rahul Guha: 
Just to clarify also, the July, August, September period tends to be a low period for insurance. 
You will actually see the pickup as we come into November, December and then, of course, the 
peak is Jan, Feb, March. 
Nilesh Sharma: 
Okay, sir. Sir, in continuation of this answer, roughly how much percentage of revenue we can 
capture from this segment? 
Rahul Guha: 
Difficult to give you an estimate at this point in time. It's still early, but I would say our insurance 
segment roughly in partnerships is how much? 
Nitin Chugh: 
Okay. Under partnerships, you say... 
Rahul Guha: 
It's about -- 30% to 40% of our partnership business is insurance. And that, of course, is a very 
low base compared to the opportunity in the insurance space. 
Nitin Chugh: 
Addressable market is very high. Yes. We have hardly touched anything on that. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Rahul Guha: 
But difficult to give you an estimate. I think as we come into the March quarter is when I will 
be able to have a clearer view on how large this segment can be for us. 
Nilesh Sharma: 
Okay. Sir, our focus in this area is because of the GST council meeting, which is going to happen 
in October, where the GST decision will be taken on health insurance segment. So, is there any 
positive outcome that we can also expect from that GST meeting that's indirectly favourable for 
our business as well? 
Rahul Guha: 
Alok? 
Alok Jagnani: 
So, I think it's going to be early to comment on that, but valid point, may be possible that like 
currently, we are not getting any standard credit on the procurements, what we do. But once the 
GST is going to come, then maybe we are going to get a cost benefit on the inputs, what we are 
going to have. But let's see if some amendments come, then what will happen? 
 
Another impact is going to be that like currently, customers are not paying GST. Once GST is 
going to be cost to them, then the price how it's going to be cover up in the price or we are -- 
customers are ready to pay additional GST, that we have to see in the market also, how market 
responds to that? 
Rahul Guha: 
So, I think this question -- so just to answer for us, at least our internal view is that GST in 
diagnostics will only give a boost to the organized segment where we are present. On your 
question on the GST Council meeting in insurance segment, we haven't studied the outcomes of 
that. So difficult to comment at this point. 
Moderator: 
As this was the last question, I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Guha 
for closing comments. 
Rahul Guha: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us and spending the time with us this evening. As always, we 
continue to remain focused on our strategy, which is to be the most affordable, good quality 
diagnostic testing partner for anyone in the health care business, and we continue to execute on 
that strategy. We have been investing in improving our quality, improving our reach and 
ensuring our turnaround time is as close to best-in-class. We've made substantial progress on all 
of this, and I thank you all for your support in this journey. With that, we can close the call. 
Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Thyrocare Technologies Limited, we conclude this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
