 
 
 
Date: November 05, 2024 
Ref. No.: KDL/SE/106/2024-25 
 
To,
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code: 543328 
To,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051 
NSE Symbol: KRSNAA 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 for Transcript of Earnings Call for quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024. 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 and 46 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call held with the analyst and 
investors on Monday, October 28, 2024 at 13:30 Hrs. (IST) to discuss the Unaudited (Standalone and 
Consolidated) Financial Results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024. 
The above information will also be made available on the website of the Company. 
Request you to take the same on your records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely, 
 
For Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited  
 
 
 
 
 
Sujoy Sudipta Bose 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
SUJOY 
SUDIPT
A BOSE
Digitally signed 
by SUJOY 
SUDIPTA BOSE 
Date: 2024.11.05 
13:37:02 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
“Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 28, 2024 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJENDRA MUTHA – CHAIRMAN AND WHOLE 
TIME DIRECTOR – KRSNAA DIAGNOSTICS LIMITED  
MR. YASH MUTHA – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
KRSNAA DIAGNOSTICS LIMITED 
MS. PALLAVI BHATEVARA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
KRSNAA DIAGNOSTICS LIMITED 
MR. MITESH DAVE – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – KRSNAA DIAGNOSTICS LIMITED 
MR. PAWAN DAGA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
KRSNAA DIAGNOSTICS LIMITED 
MR. VIVEK JAIN –HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
KRSNAA DIAGNOSTICS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. JAINIL SHAH – JM FINANCIAL 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
Page 2 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited Q2 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by JM Financial. Before we begin, I would like to remind all 
participants that today's call may contain statements that are forward looking, including but 
without limitation statements relating to the implementation of strategic initiatives and other 
statements relating to Krsnaa Diagnostics' future business development and economic 
performance. 
 
While these forward-looking statements indicate assessment and future expectations concerning 
the development of our business, a number of risks, uncertainties and other known factors that 
could cause actual developments and results to differ materially from our expectations. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jainil Shah from JM Financial. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Jainil Shah: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Q2 FY 2025 Results Conference Call of Krsnaa 
Diagnostics Limited. Joining us today on the call are Mr. Rajendra Mutha, Chairman and Whole-
Time Director; Mr. Yash Mutha, Joint Managing Director; Ms. Pallavi Bhatevara, Executive 
Director; Mr. Mitesh Dave, Group CEO; Mr. Pawan Daga, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. 
Vivek Jain, Head, Investor Relations. 
 
I would like to now hand over the call to Mr. Rajendra Mutha for his opening remarks. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Rajendra Mutha: 
Thank you, Jainil. Namaskar, , good afternoon. I wish you all a very happy Diwali. I am very 
happy to welcome you all to this conference call. I am grateful to all of you for joining us. In 
this conference, we will discuss our company's performance and strategic decisions. 
 
In the first quarter of this year, our company is showing strong operational performance in both 
the segments of our business . This success is mainly due to the increasing number of diagnostic 
services and the increased operational efficiency. The industry is ready for significant growth in 
the coming years. The Indian diagnostic market is expected to reach US$20 billion by 2026, 
which represents a 14% CAGR growth. We are very happy to announce our expansion in 
Jharkhand. The aim is to provide high-quality diagnostic services in those areas where there is a 
shortage of such services. So that we can provide our services to the needy in urban and rural 
areas. 
 
. We have made a strategic investment in Apulki Healthcare, which is a partnership between  
Krsnaa and the hospital which would specialise in Oncology and Cardiac . This hospital is 
modelled on a  unique business model  The partnership allows us to provide our diagnostic 
services for oncology and cardiac hospital, also it enable us to provide our services in retail 
specially considering the urban areas where the hospitals are built. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
Page 3 of 23 
 
 
Let me tell you about the partnership with United Imaging and Medikabazaar. The partnership 
with United Imaging and Medikabazaar is important to increase our diagnostic capability. With 
the help of United Imaging's advanced equipment and Medikabazaar distribution network, we 
will be able to provide better and advanced diagnostic services. This will help efficiency and 
better service to the patient. This investment reflects our commitment to provide innovation, 
strategic growth and integrated diagnostic solutions. 
 
We believe that this step will make us more capable and stronger in the diagnostic services of 
advanced and specialty medical fields, such as cancer and cardiac care. Finally, I would like to 
say that our company's business model is unique and the various strategic steps that we have 
taken have made the unique business model even stronger, which makes it incomparable and 
unique to other companies. 
Now, I would like to invite Mr. Yash Mutha, who will tell us about our financial performance 
and operational achievements. Thank you. 
Yash Mutha: 
Thank you, Mr. Mutha. Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining today's earnings call. We 
are pleased to report yet another strong quarter marked by significant progress in our initiatives 
taken in the earlier years. Your company, Krsnaa Diagnostics, continues its upward growth 
trajectory, expanding our geographic footprint across multiple states and territories. Notably, we 
have secured major contracts in Jharkhand, Assam, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Odisha. 
 
With these recent wins, we are well positioned to establish additional 45 radiology centers, 1 
pathology lab and 731 collection centers across India further showcasing the exceptional 
capabilities of our in-house teams in delivering accessible and reliable diagnostic services. 
 
We are focused on expanding our reach by strategically opening new diagnostic centers in 
underpenetrated markets, particularly across Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities. This initiative ensures that 
individuals in even the most remote areas can benefit from advanced diagnostic services thereby 
contributing to the equitable access to high-quality health care beyond metropolitan regions. 
 
Our unwavering commitment to the highest quality standards certified testing reagents and 
consumables and the expertise of qualified radiologists and pathologist ensures unparalleled 
accuracy and precision in all our diagnostic services. 
 
Let me now walk you through some of our key developments for this quarter. The first one are 
strategic investments in oncology and cardiac hospitals, which is Apulki Healthcare Private 
Limited. As part of our long-term vision, we have placed strong emphasis on expanding into 
high-growth health care sectors particularly oncology and cardiac care. These sectors represent 
tremendous demand for advanced diagnostics and provide significant growth opportunities for 
our company. This quarter, we have received board approval for a strategic investment in 
oncology and cardiac hospitals through our partnership with Apulki Healthcare. 
 
By aligning ourselves with these specialized institutions, we are enhancing our ability to offer 
cutting-edge diagnostic services. In oncology, this investment enables us to leverage the latest 
innovations in molecular diagnostics and immunotherapy. For cardiac hospitals, we would be 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
Page 4 of 23 
 
focused on advanced biomarkers, significantly improving patient outcomes in areas such as early 
heart disease detection and monitoring. 
 
The investment offers several strategic advantages. Number one, we will be exclusive diagnostic 
partner to the hospital securing a 30-year contract with an option to extend for an additional 30 
years, providing us with long-term revenue visibility. Our presence within the hospital allows 
us to offer integrated diagnostic services, providing a comprehensive range of diagnostics under 
one roof, a capability that extends beyond our typical PPP project scope. 
 
Additionally, these services will be priced according to the CGHS' rates, which is expected to 
enhance both our revenue realization and profit margin. This investment is a key component of 
our broader strategy to capture the growing demand in the oncology and cardiac care, positioning 
us as the go-to diagnostic partner for hospitals at the forefront of patient care. 
 
Furthermore, it grants us access to a larger pool of clinical data, enabling us to further refine our 
AI-driven diagnostic pools and improve diagnostic accuracy across our service offerings. The 
next one is about our strategic partnership with United Imaging and Medikaa Bazaar, we are 
soon to announce our strategic partnership with Medikabazaar, India's largest B2B healthcare 
procurement and supply chain solutions provider and United Imaging, a global leader in 
advanced imaging technologies. 
 
This collaboration represents a INR300-plus crores investment targeting the establishment of 
our 30-plus cutting-edge imaging and pathology centers across Tier 1, Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities in 
India. This partnership, one of the largest and the most innovative in the Indian diagnostics space 
brings together the best of technology and health care expertise. Significantly enhancing patient 
care and accessibility. 
 
United Imaging, known for its state-of-the-art MRI-CT, PET-CT and other advanced imaging 
solutions, along with Medikabazaar, extensive distribution capabilities to recognize Krsnaa 
Diagnostics as a pivotal partner due to our expansive reach and established reputation for 
delivering high-quality affordable diagnostic services. 
 
The key features of this partnership includes special financing terms where you have to pay 10% 
of the equipment with the balance to be paid over 6 years, allowing us to improve cash 
management and bid for larger projects without putting immediate strain on our balance sheet. 
 
This collaboration will also allow us to scale our diagnostic capabilities in new markets with 
newer and cutting-edge technologies, enabling us in expanding our footprint in regions with 
significant healthcare needs. Together, we will accelerate innovation and offer comprehensive 
diagnostic solutions to the hospitals, clinics and health care providers across India. 
 
In conclusion, Krsnaa Diagnostics continues to gain market share across multiple regions 
supported by strategic investments and partnerships that reinforce our leadership in the 
diagnostic space. As we expand, we are also focused on building a robust team and adopting 
new systems and processes that keep us ahead of the curve, while maintaining our commitment 
to providing the best quality diagnostics at affordable prices. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
Page 5 of 23 
 
 
Thank you for your time. And with that, I will now hand over to Ms. Pallavi to take you through 
our recent project wins as well as the status of our PPP projects in the first half of the financial 
year. Over to you, Pallavi. 
Pallavi Bhatevara: 
Thank you, Mr. Yash. Good afternoon, everyone. And I would like to take an opportunity to 
thank each one of you in spite of being in a festive mood to take time out and join today's 
afternoon call. 
 
India diagnostic landscape is undergoing rapid transformation largely driven by the growing 
prevalence of both non-communicative and infectious diseases. This has heightened the demand 
for evidence-based treatment and prevented health care solutions. In response, we are investing 
in building an efficient technology-enabled network design accommodate the increasing volume 
of samples and to enhance patient accessibility. 
 
Our focus continues to be on expanding and strengthening our Pan-India network, ensuring we 
are well positioned to meet the evolving needs of health care consumers. This strategy not only 
reinforces our market share but also allows us to stay ahead in the states where we already have 
a significant presence. 
We are pleased to share that we have successfully secured contracts to provide radiology and 
pathology services in two major hospitals in Ranchi in the state of Jharkhand. This win not only 
marks our entry into a new state, but also opens up opportunities for further expansion to 
additional PPP projects and retail operations within Jharkhand by establishing a strong presence 
in this region, we aim to bring high-quality diagnostic services to a broader population. 
I would like to now highlight some project updates in the recent time. The CT scan project in 
Maharashtra. The implementation of this project is progressing swiftly. We have operationalized 
11 centers in Q2 FY '25 and the remaining centers are on track to be fully operational. From the 
next financial year onwards, we expect a significant ramp-up in business from this initiative. 
MRI project in Maharashtra. We are set to establish 17 new MRI centers. And as of now, five 
centers are on track to be operationalized by the end of this financial year. Once fully 
implemented, this project is expected to deliver improved realizations due to better pricing 
terms, boosting overall revenue performance. 
MRI project in Madhya Pradesh. Similar to Maharashtra, we are setting up five new MRI 
centers, two centers are expected to fully be operational by the close of this financial year, 
contributing to our continued growth in this region. 
Odisha expansion. Based on the exceptional quality of our services we've delivered, the state of 
Odisha has requested that we extend our services to an additional 600 centers in this quarter. We 
were able to begin our operations in all 600 centers. This is a testament to the trust and 
confidence that our stakeholders have placed in our services. 
Assam. As of Q2, we have all 10 labs operational and 652 collection centers are already 
operational, showing positive traction and contributing to early revenue growth. Over the past 
three months, we have successfully established 11 new CT centers, one pathology lab and 869 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
Page 6 of 23 
 
pathology collection centers. Efforts are ongoing to stabilize operations and ensure that every 
center starts generating revenue in line with its operational expenses. 
I would now like to hand over to Mitesh Dave to take you through our business, including 
initiatives in retail business in the first half of the financial year. I once again thank you all and 
with you a very Happy Diwali. 
Mitesh Dave: 
Hello, good afternoon, everyone. Let me come straight to  our retail strategy and the expansion 
So as a part of our growth strategy and considering a big vacuum around qualitative integrated 
radiology and pathology services today, right from metro to Tier 1 and Tier 2, 3, 4 towns. 
We are focusing on developing end-to-end retail capabilities and not restricted to any one 
particular business channel. Our approach would be holistic in nature and would be patient-
centric mainly, which resonates with the right to quality health care at pocket-friendly pricing 
and available 24/7. 
Our multi-mode study includes from online to offline, from analog to fully automated, from 
comfort of their homes to the critical needs during hospitalization, ensuring that our customers 
have access to quality and advanced diagnostic services all throughout. 
With increasing health awareness among the consumers, the demand for regular checkups and 
preventive screenings is also on the rise. By tapping into this demand, we aim to go into the 
regions where we are already present and having existing diagnostic infrastructure. Our retail 
strategy would have strong focus on expansion in the B2C space and penetration in B2B. 
And having PPP presence allow us to leverage these centers to bring in desired synergies. The 
diversification of our revenue stream is expected to add up our profit margins and further 
enhances returns. Our retail business strategy will be rolled out into the phase manner from major 
cities to begin  with having high population densities, followed by Tier-2/3/4 towns, where we 
have already established a presence through our existing PPP projects 
Taking a little deeper into the business channels. In B2B space, our operations will be poised to 
penetrate deep within the geography across India with multiple online models and offline state 
of our logistics. And primarily to solve the private hospital, nursing home, smaller labs, our 
existing infrastructure, well geared up to meet the design requirements around the quality and 
tech, which is of the major challenge today. 
In the B2C space, the core focus on the retail expansion will be through building a strong B2C 
channel through multiple models, including COCO, FOCO, FOFO and many more to it, having 
dedicated home visit team to cater the patients at their home. Our aim is to get into the space of 
holistic diagnostic covering both illness and wellness together with integrated services of the 
radiology and pathology at most of the location. 
To further make this diversification patient centric, overall operations would be backed by user-
friendly apps and many more digital initiatives with fully integrated systems at the back end to 
support entire operations in most agile and efficient manner. It will be supported by the highly 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
Page 7 of 23 
 
efficient call center operations to 24/7 and any -- to handle any inquiries and well-trained feet 
on street to engage and leverage entire medical fraternity. 
Key differentiator that we are really looking for is the patient experience, where we believe to 
enhance the experience through the technology and technology plays a vital role in keeping the 
experience and quality in forefront. We have designed our patient journey, which is fully 
automated, right from test booking to report delivery and backed by post-test consultation from 
registered health care professionals. Our retail website is ready to be launched soon, and we will 
further integrate into the automated processes. 
Talking a little around marketing and other engagements, our marketing strategy is designed to 
engage both consumer and the health care professionals. We have developed wellness packages 
tailored to the patient needs with a strong emphasis on digital marketing for consumer outreach 
and the lead generation. Additionally, CRM integration has been deployed across all the lead 
channels supported by our call center to ensure seamless end-to-end user experience. 
 For Health care professionals engagement, we have implemented a robust strategy, including 
Continuous Medical Education (CME) programs, roundtable meetings (RTMs), case study 
publications, and other academic activities to foster deeper relationships. 
And to talk a little on training and development to ensure ongoing excellence, we are 
continuously training both our on-ground sales as well as inside sales teams. This focus on skill 
enhancements ensures deep understanding of our services, leading to improved communication 
with the clients and higher conversion rates.  
We have ambitious plans to unlock growth opportunities, positively impact the people's lives 
and contribute to the advancement of the health care sector. Our commitment remains steadfast 
in delivering accessible, accurate and afforded diagnostic solutions across the country. Further, 
test marketing and soft launch is already in progress in a few of the cities, soon will be followed 
through the hard launch and expansion. 
With that, I would like to hand it over to Pawan to take through the entire financials and wishing 
you all a very Happy Diwali and New Year in advance. Thank you very much. Over to you, 
Pawan. 
Pawan Daga: 
Thank you, Mr. Mitesh. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to present the financial highlights 
for the quarter and half year ending financial September 2024. In the first half of FY '25, we 
witnessed a robust performance with total revenue from operations reaching INR356 crores, 
reflecting a significant 21% year-on-year growth. This growth is a direct result of our continuous 
focus on operational efficiency and increasing contribution from recently operationalized center. 
Our EBITDA for the first half stood at INR94 crores, representing a 48% year-on-year growth 
and our PAT grew by 49% to reach to INR38 crores, driven by our commitment to improving 
operational metrics and optimizing resource allocation. 
Now moving on the second quarter of FY '25. Our total revenue amounted to INR186 crores, 
achieving a 20% year-on-year growth. EBITDA for the quarter was INR51 crores, reflecting a 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
Page 8 of 23 
 
57% year-on-year increase. Furthermore, our profit after tax stood at approx INR20 crores 
demonstrating on 87% year-on-year growth with a margin of 11%, which underscores the 
financial strength of our operation. 
From a balance sheet prospective, the company remains net debt free with cash and cash 
equivalent standing at INR220 crores. Further, as we continue to grow our PPP business, the 
initial ramp-up also has been bearing on the receivable as the invoicing and the billing process 
system are stabilized. 
As of 30th September 2024, the company receivables are valued at INR243 crores, out of which 
approx INR125 crores is attributed to 2 states and balance INR118 crores is attributable to a 
balance 16 states, which equates to less than 60 days. The 2 states have principally agreed to 
release our outstanding dues in a subsequent day. These delays, which are largely on account of 
procedural as well as certain budgetary approvals. The company is taking all required steps to 
recover its outstanding dues. 
However, we would like to add that almost all our projects are backed by NHM. And we are 
confident of recovering all our dues in subsequent month. Based on our initial estimates, we 
believe the receivable days will be around 90 days by the year-end. And we are confident of 
continuing our trend to having a no bad debt, which have been our history since inception. 
During H1 FY '25, we incurred a total capex of INR86 crores. –As previously communicated 
that the total capex for FY '25 is expected to be approximately INR170 crores, subject to 
execution, timelines and existing projects. 
Now I end opening remarks and open the session for question-and-answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Rajat from Tata MF. 
Rajat: 
Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Sir, firstly, when I see your quarterly P&L, I see that your 
top line has grown by 20%. But when I see your other expenses and fees to hospitals and others, 
they seem to be largely flat or actually marginal decline there. Could you just explain what has 
happened here, because these costs seem to be quite variable in nature, but instead they have 
declined on a Y-o-Y basis? 
Pawan Daga: 
Yes. Rajat, this is basically how the business mix of revenue from project to project. That's why 
the revenue share, which is fees to hospitals and others, which is variable in nature, which has 
been in line with the agreements with the business coordinators and the sharing, which we have 
agreed on the respective projects. Plus the operational or other expenses, which have a 
significant improvement in the cost savings related to the maintenance, the CMC, which we 
negotiated well with the vendors and also a saving in variable expenses, that's all. 
Rajat: 
Sure. But I still don't understand why should the fees to hospitals come down on an absolute 
basis also because your top line has grown by 20%, but there is a decline in fees to hospital. So 
is this the new base should we take in terms of percentage to sales? Or there is some cost which 
you expect to come back in the subsequent quarters? That's what I was trying to understand. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
Page 9 of 23 
 
Pawan Daga: 
No, no. So as we mentioned in last year Q4, where our negotiations with the vendors -- we 
continuously to take our business coordinator on our payroll which significantly -- basically 
change in mix and we onboard these employees on our P&L instead of outsourcing to business 
coordinator. 
Rajat: 
Sure. And in terms of new business initiatives, especially our B2C business, which you're trying 
to build, can you throw some more color on where exactly are you in that journey? And how 
much investment is it going to take for you over the next 3 to 5 years with geographies you are 
targeting? Can you throw some more color here? 
Mitesh Dave: 
Yes, hi. Mitesh this side. , I would be taking up this question. So, hi, good afternoon. So, while 
I'll take up the question in 2 parts. One is what is the current status of where are we currently 
standing in our B2C journey or retail journey? And secondly, what is the investment which is 
expected over the 3 to 5 years. So, to answer the first piece, as I said, we have already started 
our test marketing and the soft  launches  currently in few  cities. 
And basis the, what all -- initial feedbacks which all are coming or observations which all are 
coming. We are trying to plug it in, number one. Parallelly, what all the initiatives that we are 
taking it up are having a very encouraging response from the overall market space, be it is the 
client side, be it the consumer side or it is the health care professional sides. So maybe in a month 
or so, we'll look to get into the hard launch around the cities, which are of the focus in nature.  
And soon maybe by November, mid or by December, we can expect to roll out and complete in 
2 or 3 cities to begin with, to answer first. To take up the second piece wherein what is the 
investment, which is really  spanning over the next 3 to 5 years. So having said that, we are 
trying to building it our synergies in-house because we have our existing infra available through 
the PPP model. And which, as such, supports our overall back-end operations right from sample 
collections to the sample processing and result out. 
So what really which is required is the adding at the feet-on-street and which caters out to the 
clients into the market, which is not really much of an investment that we are as such looking 
for. Parallelly, getting into the penetration towards the business models. We have developed and 
further, we are adding it up to the -- our capabilities towards the digital space, which will suffice 
the need of penetration and expansion to that matter. 
Rajat: 
Sure. Sir, if I understand it correctly, wherever you have existing PPP projects, there you will 
set up these. There, you will -- those are the geographies which you will look to enter, right? 
Mitesh Dave: 
Correct. So current span is around 18 states, if I have to tell you in brief. So itself caters to close 
to 70% of the -- or 80% of the overall diagnostic market. 
Rajat: 
Sure. And lastly on this Rajasthan tender, can you make some update what is happening there? 
Pallavi Bhatevara: 
Yes. Hi, good afternoon. The matter is still in the court, and we are also awaiting for the positive 
results. However, we would like to emphasize on the point which we have always told is that 
with or without Rajasthan, our growth numbers, what we have projected will continue to grow 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
Page 10 of 23 
 
in the same manner. If we – if the court matter and things proceed further, that Rajasthan would 
be an additional revenue to our existing performance. 
Rajat: 
Sure. When is the next hearing expected for you? 
Pallavi Bhatevara: 
So currently, the date has not been come on the Board. But what we understand is from our legal 
teams is roughly anywhere in end of November. 
Rajat: 
Sure. Okay, thanks. That’s it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Surya Narayan from PhillipCapital. 
Please go ahead. 
Surya Narayan: 
Hi. Thanks for this opportunity. Sir my first question is about the investments that you would 
have... 
Yash Mutha: 
Mr. Surya Narayan, you're not very clear. If you can speak closer to the mic, please? Hello. We 
are not able to hear you. 
Moderator: 
Sir the current participant in the question queue seems to be disconnected. May we move on to 
the next question? 
Yash Mutha: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pranay Khandelwal from Alpha Invesco. Please go ahead. 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Congratulations on a very good set of results and Happy Diwali 
to all of you as well. Just wanted to know some clarification was given on the receivables in the 
opening commentary as well. So I believe there's some INR120 crores from 2 states. Can we 
have a little more clarification how old are these receivables one, and if -- like is it one of the 
states Himachal Pradesh or is it some other states now because I think these are having some 
trouble before with Himachal Pradesh? 
And like last quarter's commentary was that we had in fact, received some INR40 crores also. 
So some clarification on that? 
Yash Mutha: 
So like we mentioned and Pawan has spoken in his commentary the receivable are for 2 states, 
one of them is, of course, Himachal Pradesh. The receivables are outstanding for various reasons, 
like you mentioned, there are certain procedural delays as well as some of the budgetary 
approvals that we have to get in place. But whatever communications we've had, even recently 
a couple of days before, this call as well, we received principal commitment by the authorities 
to release their outstanding dues, which we expect in the subsequent days to come through, and 
we are equally tracking all these receivables. 
So apart from this, if you look at our overall business and the receivables it is well under control, 
given in a space around 18 states, there are 1 or 2 states which come up with these problems at 
certain points in time, but this is not a regular feature of a business, it is certain states, which has 
certain challenges. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
Page 11 of 23 
 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
Okay. So we are expecting to get back to 90 days or so by the end of the year? 
Yash Mutha: 
Yes. We are very confident about receiving this money. And as well as by the end of the year, 
looking at a receivable position well within 90 days. 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
Okay. And just on the breakup on the revenue side for the first half. Let's say, INR357 crores 
that you have done -- how much is it from those 2 states and how much is from the balance 16 
states that we have? 
Yash Mutha: 
I don't have the numbers with me at the moment, our Investor Relations, Vivek to share these 
details. 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
Okay, right. And just on the same time, while we are talking about the working capital, we see 
that our debt has increased. So what is our expectation on that front. We are also planning a 
capex for like, I think, on the commentary, the commentary is that INR86 crores has been done. 
But based on the cash outflow for the first half, it is only INR55 crores. So I wanted a 
clarification on that as well, why is there a difference? 
And if, let's say, however, much INR100 crores, INR120 crores whatever is left, and our working 
capital cycle is a little extended right now. So what is our outlook on debt by the end of year and 
maybe, let's say, next year as well, considering all the execution we are going to be doing. 
Pawan Daga: 
Out of INR86 crores, like some assets are procured or capitalized on a deferral payment where 
we're using a pay per scan model, so basis on that. We have seen this working capital has been 
increased in this quarter. But as our receivables in future will be within 90 days. So our working 
capital requirement will further go down. 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
Okay. So we are expecting the debt to come down, stay at the same level? Or how are we 
thinking about it? And also this deferral payment, does that mean that the United Imaging deal 
has already started like have we already started procuring from them? 
Pawan Daga: 
United will begin now in Q3. These are all from our previous vendor, which GE, Fuji, and the 
Philips has provided certain approvals or limit in that. And United also we’ll start it in Q2, where 
we have procured one machine and we further procured more equipment’s as the days passes. 
Our receivable -- on the first part of your question, our receivable will go down by March '25 as 
our receivable from the debtors will subsequently get collected, as we mentioned, 2 of the states 
where the receivable is slightly higher. So as we already received the commitment from these 
respective customers. 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
Okay. What are you expecting the absolute amount to be? 
Moderator: 
Mr. Pranay may I please request you to re-join the question queue for a follow-up question. 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
Just this one last question, just one last. This is an absolute amount for receivables, that's it -- 
like what are we expecting an absolute amount of receivables… 
Pawan Daga: 
Yes, yes. So our target is to collect all the value. It's not any specific number, both the customer 
has given us the confirmation or assurance to get -- amount will be released very soon. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
Page 12 of 23 
 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
Okay. All right. Yes, I’ll re-join the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Surya Narayan from PhillipCapital 
India Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Surya Narayan: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity sir. My first question is about this -- arrangement. We have 
talked about -- this is a special financing arrangement with the partners, which offers us a 10% 
-- means scheme that 10% kind of upfront and balance over 10-year period. But in terms of the 
30 imaging center creation, what are the timeline that we would be expecting there and what 
would be our strategy to tap the patient for the PET CT the cancer oriented because we could be 
possibly in the Tier 3 their Oncology doctors may not be there and hence tapping those kind of 
patient would be a difficult one. So your thought process here? 
Yash Mutha: 
So answering your first part of the question for the 30 center we except the commissioning to 
happen anywhere between 18 months to 24 months given there is a lead time to order the 
equipment and equipment getting delivered and regards the PET CT. Yes, there are various 
strategies that we have currently put through in place to get these patient into our center and one 
of the biggest advantage that we see is the centers are at prices which are highly affordable 
especially on the CGHS price list and again these are in high urban centric areas.  
So this allows us to leverage these captive kind of footfalls that come into these centers. Secondly 
also the reporting that we will be doing through blend of teleradiology as well as advance 
reporting will allow us to cater to this patient and thereby generate good footfalls at the centers.  
Surya Narayan: 
So this is under the PPP arrangement only that you will be deploying the machinery, sir? It is 
not over and above this arrangement. So that you will not be requiring any infrastructure to be 
created by yourself? Is that understanding correct? 
Yash Mutha: 
So these PET-CTs are again through the PPP model itself where it allows us to leverage the 
captive footfalls which are not being served in the market today. 
Surya Narayan: 
Sure. Second is about the Apulki investment . So what is the kind of investment? You said that 
the investment has been done, right, sir? So no cash outflow that would be claim year onwards. 
So could you quantify that? 
Yash Mutha: 
Yes. As of now, the investment has not been done. We have received board approvals and 
currently -- there are various condition predecents which are being finalized. The investment 
amount that we expect is in the tune of around INR25 crores to INR30 crores. And we'll provide  
more details as we sign up the definitive agreements and we'll keep you informed. 
Surya Narayan: 
Okay. Just last one question about the B2C strategy, the commercial launch you indicated that 
into commercial launch of this strategy would be happening by December in two cities at least. 
But here is that to understanding correct that you would only be requiring the additional 
collection center for getting the samples and whatever investment that would be required to build 
the collection center collection point, that is the only kind of investment. If yes, what would be 
your strategy about those collection centers or getting arrangement for the getting samples? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
Page 13 of 23 
 
Yash Mutha: 
As we mentioned in the past as well, we continue to focus on creating or leveraging the 
infrastructure using an asset-light model. So like Mitesh mentioned in his commentary as well, 
the investment will only be to setting up, let's say, the collection centers or the FOCOs and 
COCOs. So these do not require significant investment per se because the significant investment 
is mostly in the labs. The labs have already been put in place with the necessary equipment and 
the infrastructure. So we continue to harness this model of leveraging asset light model to deliver 
more value for everyone. 
Surya Naryan: 
Okay. Sure. Thank you sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Neha from Abakkus. Please go 
ahead. 
Neha: 
Good afternoon everyone and thanks for the opportunity. Sir if I look at the investor presentation, 
so the existing centers margins have come down in the quarter 2 versus quarter 1. So any specific 
reasons to that and also like how should we look at it going forward? 
Yash Mutha: 
I don't think so the margins have reduced. It has actually -- because there's a contribution from 
the ramping up of the new centers. So that is where you see and there are some of the centers 
which have some -- we are putting some clinical costs, but the margins would be more or less 
sustainable, and that's how we see it in the future as well. 
Neha: 
Okay. Because if I -- in Q2 presentation if you say H1 FY '25 numbers mentioned. And in Q1, 
it is the Q1 number, so if I subtract that from the revenue and EBITDA numbers provided it 
seems that margins have come down quarter-on-quarter. And also like for the H1 as well, the 
margins for the existing centers is about 36%. You're saying there is no reduction in the margin? 
Yash Mutha: 
Yes. First there is no change or reduction in the margins. Yes, Pawan please go ahead. 
Pawan Daga: 
Pawan, this side. So there is no change or significant change in the margin. This is just basically 
quarter-on-quarter where we see the seasonal impacts in the respective locations for couple of 
days, the machines break down  &  other parameters. But apart from there is no significant 
change in the margin. Yes, we can see slightly change, but which are one-off or maybe then the 
expenses which are -- or as Yash has rightly mentioned which is basically improvement in the 
new centers or new projects where the margin has improved. That's why this slightly have a sub 
section compared to the last quarter. 
Neha: 
Okay. So going forward, how should one look at the margin for the existing centers? Is it 
expected to increase or do we expect it to slightly taper down because there will be more addition 
as a transformation of new centers into existing centers? 
Yash Mutha: 
So I believe the margins going forward will be sustainable and consistent with what you are 
seeing. Of course, our efforts really to increase the margins through various operational 
efficiencies like what we've demonstrated in this quarter and we'll try to work on deliver on these 
in subsequent quarters as well. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
Page 14 of 23 
 
Neha: 
Okay. Fair enough. And also like for revenue and EBITDA margin guidance. So we are largely 
in line with these guidance... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, but can I please request you to rejoin the question queue for a follow-up 
question. 
Neha: 
Okay. Just one question I'll ask and then will rejoin. Is that okay? It's just the second question. 
Yash Mutha: 
Go ahead, please. 
Neha: 
Yes. So regarding the guidelines I wanted to understand that largely do we remain on the same 
line for revenue and also for EBITDA margins since our margins have improved in this quarter. 
Should one expect going forward that the margin should sustain in H2 to somewhat similar level 
to quarter 2? 
Yash Mutha: 
Yes. So the guidance that we have given and we are committed to delivering on those numbers 
that we've given as guidance both in terms of EBITDA and revenue. The efforts will, of course, 
be to increase both on the revenue front as an EBITDA, but these are what we believe are 
sustainable and that which we can achieve in the H2 as well. 
Neha: 
Okay. Understood. And also regarding the fee to the hospital line item like as the previous caller 
had also asked. So like can -- is there a direct relation with the percentage of sales or like there 
will be some variable cost because of which it is difficult to like predict that what fee to the 
hospitals can be going forward? 
Yash Mutha: 
Yes. So the fees to hospitals depend on each agreement that we have with the hospital as well as 
the business partners on the various PPP projects. It keeps on varying. And as we maintained 
even in the past as well, we try to see how we can reduce these as a percentage of the overall 
revenue. So various initiatives like Pawan mentioned, where we take certain of the employees 
on our payroll as well as other initiatives. So I believe this could be a baseline, but yes, we'll try 
to see how we can reduce it even further as well. That's our effort along with other operational 
efficiencies that we're trying to bring in. 
Neha: 
Okay. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Subrata Sarkar from Mount Intra 
Finance Private Limited. Please go ahead. Hello Ma’am. Ms. Subrata. Since there is no response 
from Ms. Subrata. We'll move on to the next question. The next question is from the line of 
Lokesh Manik from Vallum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Hi, good afternoon to the team and wishing you all a very Happy Diwali in advance and a Happy 
New Year. I just had one question on the business strategy which is moving from capex driven 
to opex driven wherein you mentioned a lot of the equipment should be done through vendor 
financing. So this would ideally result in growth cash flow in your hand. So any discussion at 
the board level in terms of deployment of this excess cash flow? How do you plan to proceed 
with it? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
Page 15 of 23 
 
Yash Mutha: 
Yes. So if you see this, all the initiatives that we are taking action to ensure that the company 
creates significant value whether it is in absolute cash which can be reinvested into various new 
business opportunities, new projects which will further create value for everyone, including our 
stakeholders. This could also result in as and when the cash flows improve for us to declare 
additional dividends if that is the need. The whole idea behind this is to see how the company 
continues to grow, continues to create value for its stakeholders and thereby even tapping into 
more areas or opportunities that we have not entered into. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Great. That’s it from my side. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pallavi Deshpande from Sameeksha Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Yes. Thank you for taking my questions. Just wanted to understand in terms of which are the 
new states that are likely to go for our PPP model because given we're already in 17 -- 18 states 
and the Southern state seems to be pretty self sufficient in how they're able to manage it in-
house. So just wondering where is the new -- on the radiology side, not pathology, but on 
radiology, which are the new space that we can target? 
Yash Mutha: 
Ma'am, I'm sorry, if you can just repeat the question, your voice is not very clear. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Yes. Sir, my question was regarding growth, which are the new states that you can target for the 
radiology segment. Given that the Southern states seem to be pretty self-sufficient and doing a 
good job in-house. So on the radiology side, which are the new states that could come up for 
PPP model? 
Yash Mutha: 
So in terms of PPP states, while it's too early for us to give any comment, but yes there are 
around 5 to 6 states that we are aware of, which are -- which may come up with these PPP 
projects including some of the Southern states. So there is a significant opportunity that still 
exists for Krsnaa to tap into and we are currently looking into these opportunities and we'll give 
you timely updates. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
And my second question would be with regard to -- like you mentioned about the number of 
employees I wanted because you mentioned about the fees to hospitals coming down because of 
the employees been coming on our roll. But given that share percentage, it's not increased, the 
share of employee expense to revenue is stable at 18%, 19%. I just wanted to understand that 
better? 
Yash Mutha: 
Yes. So typically, how it works is when we give revenue share to these business coordinators 
who work with us on the PPP projects. Sometimes they support us through various employees 
work that they do for us. And over a period of time, when we onboard these employees so the 
share of -- that we give to them has to, of course, go down. Now that doesn't necessarily translate 
into -- if there's X percentage dropping the revenue share, that means there's a Y or equivalent 
increase in the employee cost. The revenue share is a combination of various elements or the 
work that do for us. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
Page 16 of 23 
 
 
But yes, as I mentioned earlier, our plan is to continue focusing on how we bring in operational 
efficiencies, looking at these various costs and how we can streamline them to create better 
margins. largely. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
And lastly, on Maharashtra, the contract is at a pretty good rate. I understand close to CGHS 
rate. so what is the kind of machinery, the CT scan machines that is -- as a part of the contract 
that is being offered. 
Yash Mutha: 
So the equipment that we'll be deploying, these are all as per the tender specification that the 
government has given as part of the tender. So those are the equipment that will be different. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
So it will be 64 or 32? 
Yash Mutha: 
Could you repeat the question? 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Yes, I said this would be 64 or 32 slides. 
Rajendra  Mutha: 
That was 1.5 Tesla MRI, 32 slidesCT Machine. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Krishna Raj from Ekvity. Please go 
ahead.  
Krishna Raj: 
Good afternoon, thank you for taking my question. So could you please help me with the 
breakdown of margins between radiology and pathology in an EBITDA level? Where is it 
higher? And where is it more? 
Yash Mutha: 
Yes. So typically, at the center level, the radiology margins are higher than the pathology 
margins, primarily because the pathology consumable rates are higher, and that's how the overall 
-- the way the business we do at Krsnaa. 
Krishna Raj: 
Okay. And if you were to set up a new lab in any city, what is the tentative time from getting the 
lab set up and getting the approval, what would be an ideal time frame? 
Yash Mutha: 
You're asking this question from a PPP perspective? 
Krishna Raj: 
Yes. 
Yash Mutha: 
Yes. So when we have to set up a lab in any of the PPP projects, the timeline could be setting 
up and getting the approvals could be as couple of months and sometimes in some cases, 
depending on the government, when theygive us site handover , it might take anywhere between 
3 to 6 months. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Dhwanil Desai: 
Sir, I think in the beginning of the year, we had guided for 25% EBITDA margin, and we are 
now significantly above that, and we are saying that we'll be able to maintain it. So is there any 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
Page 17 of 23 
 
change in the earlier assumptions which have happened, which is making you confident for 
maintaining higher margin than what we expected. 
Yash Mutha: 
There haven't been any changes. This is something we've been communicating even in the last 
year and the year before whereas the business keeps on maturing the centers ramp up, you will 
see certainly an improvement in the margin. 
 
Number two, we've also taken various strategic initiatives in bringing in operational efficiencies, 
which have also helped bring in more contribution from respective projects. So overall, we are 
committed to delivering the EBITDA margin as the guidance we've given, and we look forward 
to ensuring how we can further improve from what we've delivered in the past. And hopefully, 
we'll be able to continue to maintain a trend that we've achieved so far. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. Okay. And second question, probably more of a clarification. I think you said that in 
Odisha, because of our good work, the government has asked us to set up another 600 center. 
So is this in addition to whatever we have done till now, right? So additional 600. Is that right? 
Yash Mutha: 
Yes. So these are additional centers that they wanted us to cover under the PPP initiative and 
which we are gladly happy to do it, which will ensure that Krsnaa is able to deliver its diagnostic 
services even in the underserved regions where today, there is a lack of the kind of advanced 
facilities and advanced diagnostics services. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Anil Sarin from K16 Advisory. 
Please go ahead.  
Anil Sarin: 
Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for the opportunity. I think this question has been asked earlier also, 
but I'm still not clear about the gross margin and the EBITDA margin profile because the margins 
have gone up. The EBITDA margins have gone up, vis-a-vis the previous year, thanks to the 
other expenses being lower this time relative to what they were last time. And the reason given 
to the earlier caller was that some of the outsourced services have been in-house. And as such, 
the other expenses or the overheads are going to be lower on a continuing basis on a permanent 
basis going forward. Is my understanding correct? 
Yash Mutha: 
Correct. So we've mentioned this in the previous calls as well, what we do is the fees to hospital 
and to give you a bit of context whenever we start up a new PPP project. These are far from 
locations so we leverage the local partners there. And since it's a ramp-up phase, there are -- we 
require that support, whether it is manpower, processes, even infrastructure. 
 
So there's a certain amount of negotiations that is given today over the years, as the business 
stabilizes, we look at these business arrangements and try to see how we can negotiate it better 
and further see how the expense is because when we do it in how there are certain economies of 
scale that Krsnaa has today, which we can leverage. -- and, therefore, expect of reducing these 
expenses. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
Page 18 of 23 
 
 
So we believe this trend will continue. Yes, as and when a new PPP project comes, you might 
see for a particular project, the regulation or there might be a certain increase. But on a long-
term basis, on an annual basis, this is the kind of fees to hospital or expense that we see in the 
coming quarters. 
Anil Sarin: 
Okay. So my next question is about the revenue growth. Earlier, we were targeting around 25% 
revenue growth, even in a good scenario, thinking of going much beyond that and reaching 30% 
also during the fiscal year '25. However, at the halfway point, we are around 21% up. So that 
puts a lot of stress on the second half. Are we good with the 25% revenue growth for this year? 
Yash Mutha: 
Yes. We are confident and committed to ensure that we'll achieve the 25% growth guidance that 
we've given for this year. See, these are PPP projects and at certain times, there are delays or 
there could be cases of the ramp-up. But when you look at it holistically for the entire year, we 
are good to achieve is what we believe for the 25% guidance that we've given. And this is 
excluding Rajasthan project that we've been discussing about. 
Anil Sarin: 
Understood. Just the last point that I had or the last question that I had, this could be -- there will 
be only 2 radiology labs that you will set up for this? 
Yash Mutha: 
So as of now, they have 2 hospitals coming up as and when they are also working to have more 
hospitals in various specialised segments As and when these hospitals come in, we are the 
exclusive partners with them, so we will be able to open this. And these will be both radio and 
path both. 
Pawan Daga: 
And this will be complete diagnostic setup. It's not restricted to radiology. The Apulki, where 
we are setting up the entire diagnostic facility. 
Anil Sarin: 
Okay. And the 23% stake, are we going to hold it here or gradually increase it? Or I mean, what 
is the outlay towards this part of the business? 
Yash Mutha: 
Well, as I said, this is a strategic initiative we've taken. As of now, whether we'll take more stake, 
I think it is a bit too early to comment. I think once both the sides work towards it and we see 
whatever milestones we've set up for being achieved, we can certainly come back and update 
about how we look at the future stake. 
Anil Sarin: 
Great, thank you so much and Happy Diwali to all of you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Vivek Kumar from Bestpals 
Research and Advisory. Please go ahead.  
Vivek Kumar: 
So what is the receivable amount you said from these 2 states? Outstanding, which you are 
expect to receive in a few days or weeks? 
Yash Mutha: 
This is around INR120 crores. 
Vivek Kumar: 
Sir, I understand this procedure and one-off, but these one-offs keep happening every 1, 2 year 
because 1 or 2 states here and there will keep happening, and you have to model for these kind 
of things happening, which you can be able to collect, I understand, but what we said procedural 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
Page 19 of 23 
 
and technical -- what are the -- you can throw more light because -- why will governments stop 
this in the sense, like you can -- it's not for elections, okay. Elections, I understand, but any other 
reasons which looks like a risk to you? which we're you not able to imagine as investors because 
you're working closely with them... 
Yash Mutha: 
It's a fair question. See, basically, what we spoke about the procedural delays is certain approvals 
that the authorities have to take in place. And this is something we were to see now. Over the 
last 10 years, we've seen that some of the states when they plan for the tender, there are certain 
approvals when the business increase you also have to take it internally. As well as there are 
examples, some of the officers get transferred. 
 
So there are multiple reasons why these delays happen. I wouldn't be able to pinpoint a specific 
reason, but, yes, considering that we're working hand-in-hand with the government as well as 
the NHM and like Pawan also mentioned, we have received commitments from the authorities 
that the money will be leased in the subsequent month. 
 
Just to add, if you see the way at Krsnaa, given that we are the largest PPP player, our experience 
is the biggest in the PPP, and we have continued to maintain a 0 write-off on our receivables till 
date. So that is where this confidence comes up. But yes, these are delays and they are part of 
the business, and we expect to receive -- recover our receivables in the subsequent days. 
Vivek Kumar: 
Okay. So these are bureaucratic procedural delays, nothing to do with some doubts that they 
have or some issues that they have with our company, right? 
Yash Mutha: 
No. So these are all procedural, they will come up with their respective audits and checks and 
balances. But in our -- whatever information here, these are all procedural delays that we are 
currently seeing it with these projects. 
Vivek Kumar: 
Because we will not be able to imagine what kind of risk play out. So that's why I asked this 
question. So is there anything that can be different in other states? 
Yash Mutha: 
No, the risk has also been seen both by the management as well as in different levels. So we 
don't anticipate any of the risks attached to these receivables. 
Vivek Kumar: 
Okay. I mean have seen her any state government refusing -- and what do you normally do if 
they refuse for some unreasonable reason they given, they just stop -- is there something that we 
can do as a part of the tender or just talking? 
Yash Mutha: 
Could you just repeat the question? 
Vivek Kumar: 
No, in somebody -- is there are cases where state government refused to do giving unfair reasons 
then is Krsnaa can do something about it? Like I'm just asking a lot about this receivables in 
general... 
Yash Mutha: 
Yes. See, we are not just a service provider, and we are PPP partners. So if the partner is for 
whatever reason is not able to fulfil that commitment, we stand by our commitments, and we'll 
continue to provide the services, but if necessary, we'll also suspend our operations --  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
Page 20 of 23 
 
Pallavi Bhatevara: 
To answer this question further, the agreement what we've signed with the state government is 
not only the state government, all our projects are NHM backed. So these projects have 
budgetary compliances, which comes from NHM also. Also, most of the states have now a 
dedicated team like a post-monitoring unit there are monthly governance meetings. So I don't 
think abruptly some state will just stand up and say that we will not pay you, because this is a 
monthly cycle what follows. And hence, we don't foresee this. However, to answer your question 
that in the agreement, there are clauses which protect us as a service provider in case of such 
incidences, we have the arbitrary paths to take. 
Yash Mutha: 
And we've not seen any such kind of event in the entire history so far where we had to go. I think 
a partnership that we are working towards. 
Vivek Kumar: 
Thank you very much, sir. Thank you, ma'am. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Deepali Bansal who is our Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Deepali Bansal: 
Good afternoon. My first question is I wanted to know the extent of Apulki revenue potential. 
Like what is the timeline of revenue when looking at the 30 year contract and we are investing 
somewhat INR30 crores on it. So what kind of revenue are we looking from Apulki and from 
Medikaa and United Imaging? 
Yash Mutha: 
So Apulki -- they are -- hospitals will be operationalized in the next, I think, from January 
onwards. And in terms of the revenue potential, I think we'd be able to predict that in the 
subsequent quarters once the agreements are executed, because, as I said, there are a couple of 
conditions that have been finalized. So hopefully, in the next quarter, we'll be able to give you 
guidance in terms of what revenue we expect out of these projects. 
Deepali Bansal: 
And what about United Imaging and Medikaa, sir? 
Yash Mutha: 
Sorry, could you repeat the question? 
Deepali Bansal: 
What about United Imaging, because you already started that you procured 1 machine for United 
imaging? And what is the timeline of revenue you are looking at, sir? 
Yash Mutha: 
So United Imaging is a vendor or OEM manufacturers who we are procuring these equipment. 
These equipments are part of our PPP project that we won. For example, Madhya Pradesh MRI 
project that we won, so some of these equipments will be sourced from United Imaging. And 
the -- as I mentioned, these investments or the centers will be operationalized in the subsequent 
quarters and the revenue will, of course, definitely come in the next fiscal. 
Deepali Bansal: 
Okay, sir. Next question, sir, there is a... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, but may I please request you to return to question queue for a follow-up 
question. 
Deepali Bansal: 
I just ask 1 question, please. There was a sharp increase in EBITDA margin for the new centers. 
Do we think we can maintain this? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
Page 21 of 23 
 
Yash Mutha: 
Yes. So as I've been mentioning, our effort is to maintain these margin trends. What have we 
achieved so far, which has been an -- upcoming of various operational efficiencies, we believe 
contain these margins in the coming quarters as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Neha from Abakkus. Please go 
ahead. 
Neha: 
So just 2 questions from my side. One is what is the split of radiology and pathology for this 
quarter? 
Yash Mutha: 
Yes. Pawan, go ahead please. 
Pawan Daga: 
Yes. Our radiology and pathology now reaches to 51%-49 in terms of the revenue contribution. 
Neha: 
Okay. So even with the pathology contribution increasing, the overall EBITDA margin has gone 
up to -- does that mean that it is basically led by the operating leverage? Yes. I was just asking 
that so even with increasing overall contribution from the pathology, the margins have gone up 
this quarter. So is this because of the -- mainly because of the operating leverage play now? 
Yash Mutha: 
It's a combination of multiple factors. One is, of course, the increase in revenues that have come 
through a combination of radiology and pathology. It is also because of the operational initiatives 
that we have taken. Some of these are cost-saving measures. Some of these are in terms of 
maintaining a lean cost model. So where of -- all these various factors have helped us to bring 
in these margins and we expect the margins to continue even in the subsequent quarters. 
Neha: 
And then secondly, so our capex, we have guided that it would be around INR170 crores for the 
year. So we stay on that? Or is there any change on the capex one? 
Yash Mutha: 
No, I think it's the same. We continue to maintain that kind of capex for the year. 
Neha: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Pranay Khandelwal from Alpha 
Invesco. Please go ahead. 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
Thanks for the follow-up opportunity. I wanted to ask about the BMC tender that we have 600 
collection centers, but I think for quite some time, they are under implementation for 473 like 
those -- like that number is not moving down. So what could be the reason for that? 
Rajendra Mutha: 
The government's clinics have not been fully opened yet, and there are no doctors. 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
Is there, I mean, there is no such thing that BMC is not able to provide all the places that are 
needed? 
Rajendra Mutha: 
No. They had plan to open 1000 clinics, phase 1 was to roll out 400 centres and phase 2 to roll 
out 600 centres , but that has not happened yet. They have just issued a tender for manpower and 
doctors. So when manpower and doctors come, they will automatically increase it. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
Page 22 of 23 
 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
And on the pipeline side, I think we had a recent call with Aryan or something so we are 
mentioned Bihar is in the pipeline -- Bihar state or something, so anything on the pipeline, or 
what do we have? 
Yash Mutha: 
Yes. So there are a couple of projects, as I mentioned earlier, we are chasing them, and we'll be 
giving you an update once we have more clarity on these projects. 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
Okay. And just wanted to clarify one thing you said about the Cancer Hospital that Apulki is 
doing, they're going to start the construction process in January? Or they're going to complete 
the construction process in January? 
Rajendra Mutha: 
Construction is completed, equipment installations still going on, maybe in February 1  hospital 
will be started. 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
February, hospital will be started -- and our center in the hospital will be -- February only or 
February itself are... 
Yash Mutha: 
In February, we expect to start our radiology, pathology centers inside the hospital. 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
Okay. And what about PET CT, as and will be following into that as well? 
Yash Mutha: 
Yes. 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
That will also be started by that time. 
Yash Mutha: 
Yes. 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
Thank you 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pallavi Deshpande from Sameeksha Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
So just wanted to understand better this coverage for above 70 citizens that the government 
announced. So we have already the NHM which provides the -- under that program, the 
[inaudible 71:08] diagnostic service. So how does this -- this will increase the scope for the 
number of patients and that you can cater to -- because as it applies to radiology first or it applies 
only for medical? 
Yash Mutha: 
Coverage is actually for both, and it is for the senior citizens who can avail these services. So 
this will certainly complement and bringing more patients to our centers. Now those patients 
who want to cover under the free diagnosis scheme, they can choose whereas the senior citizens 
can use the Ayushman Bharat rout to come in and avail the services. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
And sir, any change in that guidance? I mean, in terms of you were doing 1,000 scans per 
machine per month for this year-end, what kind of number can we look at before FY '24 number? 
Yash Mutha: 
Yes. I think that guidance still remains the same. There's no change in that assumption of the 
guidance that we've given. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2024 
Page 23 of 23 
 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Right. So the growth will be more realization that given in that case because the volume number 
is remaining same? 
Yash Mutha: 
No. This is, as I said, the baseline assumption we look at when we do our PPP projects, there are 
certain of the projects which do higher than 1,000 baseline. So yes, we focus both on increasing 
volumes as well as leveraging the price wherever possible. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions from the participants. I would now like 
to hand the conference over to Mr. Yash Mutha for closing comments. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Yash Mutha: 
Sure. Thank you, everyone, for joining us Q2 FY '25 Earnings Call. We trust that we were able 
to address all of your questions. If there are any remaining queries, please don't hesitate to reach 
out to our Head of Investor Relationships, Mr. Vivek Jain who will be happy to assist you. 
 
On behalf of Krsnaa Diagnostics, we would like to wish each and every one of you and your 
loved ones a very happy Diwali and a prosperous new year. We look forward to engaging with 
you in the upcoming quarters. Thank you once again for your time and your continued support. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of JM Financial, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
