 
 
Ref: OAL/BSE/NSE/99/2024-25 
 
19th November, 2024 
 
To  
To  
The Manager 
The Manager 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001                      Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip ID     : OAL 
Symbol: OAL 
Scrip Code: 500078 
Series   : EQ 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call with the Institutional Investors/Analysts 
 
With reference to our letter dated 11th November, 2024, intimating about the conference call with 
the Institutional Investors/Analysts on Thursday, 14th November, 2024 at 01.00 p.m. to discuss 
the Financial Performance of the Company for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 
2024, please find attached herewith transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
 
Further, 
the 
copy 
of 
the 
same 
is 
also 
uploaded 
on 
Company’s 
website 
i.e. 
www.orientalaromatics.com  
 
Kindly take the information on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully 
For Oriental Aromatics Limited 
 
 
Dharmil A. Bodani  
Chairman & Managing Director 
DIN: 00618333 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: 133, Jehangir  Building,  2nd  Floor,  M.G.  Road, Fort, Mumbai 400 001, India. 
T  +91-22-66556000 / 43214000   F  +91-22-66556099   E oa@orientalaromatics.com   CIN L17299MH1972PLC285731 
    www.orientalaromatics.com 
Dharmil Anil 
Bodani
Digitally signed by Dharmil 
Anil Bodani 
Date: 2024.11.19 18:17:25 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
Oriental Aromatics Limited 
Oriental Aromatics Limited Q2 H1 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2024 
 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Oriental Aromatics Limited Q2 and H1 
FY’25 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and 
over to you, ma’am. 
Purvangi Jain:  
Good afternoon everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi Jain from 
Valorem Advisors. We represent Investor Relations of Oriental Aromatics Limited. On behalf of 
the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company's Earnings Call for 
the 2nd Quarter of the financial year 2025. Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary 
statement. Some of the statements made in today's earnings call may be forward-looking in 
nature, such forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties, which could 
cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on 
management's beliefs as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to 
the management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-
looking statements in making any investment decisions. The purpose of today's earnings call is 
purely to educate and bring awareness about the company's fundamental business and 
financial quarter under review. Now let me introduce you to the management participating 
with us in today's earnings call and hand it over to them for their opening remarks. 
We have with us Mr. Dharmil Bodani – Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Shyamal Bodani 
– Executive Director, Mr. Girish Khandelwal – Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Parag Satoskar – Chief 
Executive Officer and Ms. Kiranpreet Gill – Company Secretary. 
Without any delay, I request Mr. Dharmil Bodani to start with his opening remarks. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Dharmil Bodani:  
Thank you, Purvangi. Good afternoon everybody. It is a pleasure to welcome you to the 
Earnings Conference Call to discuss the results of the first half and of the financial year 2025.  

 
Page 2 of 10 
 Our Executive Director, Mr. Shyamal Bodani, shall be briefing you all on the operational 
highlights for the past quarter, after which our CFO, Mr. Girish Khandelwal, will brief you on 
the financial highlights. 
Over to you, Shyamal. Thank you. 
Shyamal Bodani:  
Thank you, Dharmil. Good afternoon, everyone. It is a pleasure to welcome you to the Earnings 
Conference Call to discuss the results of the first half of the financial year 2024-25. The second 
quarter of every year is a time of celebration as our country enjoys the Indian monsoon and 
prepares for the festive season. This year was no exception. With a favorable monsoon and 
increased demand across various sectors, our sales have seen growth across all three 
verticals. In our previous investor call, we highlighted the steady growth we were experiencing. 
I am pleased to report that the company has continued this momentum, achieving increase in 
both production and sales across the verticals compared to the preceding quarter of Q2 of last 
year. Our sales for this quarter marked a 6% increase quarter-on-quarter and remained 
consistent on year-on-year basis. Our production has also shown positive growth at 15% 
increase quarter-to-quarter and a 23% increase year-on-year. 
EBITDA for the quarter has shown a substantial improvement and resulted in 12.08% as 
compared to 10.29% on quarter-to-quarter and 4.8% on year-on-year. The Camphor and 
Terpene Chemical Division performed historically well in Q2, mainly due to robust sales and 
better realization. The first half of the year in our Speciality Aroma Ingredients Division also 
showed good performance, recording double-digit growth in both production and sales 
compared to year-on-year basis. 
The sales forecasted for this division remains strong and we are encouraged by the demand 
outlook for H1 2025. The Fragrance Division continues its growth trajectory driven by new 
customer acquisitions in India and international markets. Existing customers, both domestic 
and international, have shown healthy growth. 
Notably, smaller and regional customers have also contributed significantly, underscoring the 
resilience of the India growth and consumption story. On the CAPEX front, the contribution of 
our hydrogenation plant at our Vadodara Facility that commenced production in July 2024 is 
expected to support the top line going forward. We have currently achieved approximately 
30% production capacity of the planned capacity only in our third month of operation. The 
onboarding of RFQ customers is expected to be in H2 2025. 
In the meantime, there is substantial interest for hydrogenation products shown by our global 
distributors and our spot customers, to whom we have already started commercial sales. We 
are also happy to announce that on the 12th of November 2024, we commenced commercial 
production at our Greenfield site located in Mahad, Maharashtra, dedicated towards 
production of a speciality aroma ingredient called Evermoss. This project will be a significant 

 
Page 3 of 10 
driver for the company's future growth, supporting our mission to deliver complex and high 
quality products. 
With this, I will hand over to our CFO, Mr. Girish Khandelwal. Girish, go ahead. 
Girish Khandelwal: 
 Thank you very much, Shyamal. I would like to welcome you all to the conference call. Let me 
first take you through our consolidated performance for the quarter. 
The operating revenue for the quarter was INR 237 crores, which increased by approximately 
4% on a year-on-year basis. EBITDA was reported at INR 29 crores, which increased by 160% 
year-on-year. EBITDA margins stood at 12.08%. Net profit was reported at INR 15 crores, which 
has increased more than 500% on a year-on-year basis, with PAT margins at 6.25%. Now 
coming to the first half of FY25 performance on a consolidated basis. The operating revenue 
was reported at INR 453 crores, representing an increase of 7% year-on-year. EBITDA stood at 
INR 51 crores for the period, which has grown more than 300% year-on-year. EBITDA margins 
for the period stood at 11.2%, vis-à-vis 2.84% in H1  FY24. Net profit stood at INR 26 crores, vis-
à-vis a net loss of INR 4 crores in the corresponding period of the previous year, with pet 
margins reported at 5.70%. Lastly, the net debt-to-equity ratio stood at 0.35% as on 30 
September 2024, and cash profit stood at INR 36 crores. With this, we can now open the floor 
for question and answer session. Thank you. Over to you, Manav. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. We have our first question 
from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Gupta:  
If you can elaborate on how is the demand scenario currently, along with there were some 
issues earlier on inventory, de-stocking, as well as oversupply from China. So, overall industry 
scenario, both on aroma, camphor and flavor and fragrance, if you can give a broad view of 
how the industry is doing, both from demand as well as supply side. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Good afternoon, Ankit. So, as we have mentioned in the opening speech, I think all the 3 
verticals that we currently operate on seem to show a steady performance where there is a 
good balance between the demand as well as supply and if you look at, as we have highlighted 
in our Fragrance and Flavor division, we have seen acquisition of new customers and the old 
customers showing growth in the products that they are buying and new product launches. On 
the Speciality Aroma Ingredients vertical, with the advent of the hydrogenation products and 
a steady state in terms of availability as well as demand for the specialty aroma ingredient 
division. I think overall we see that the demand and the supply situation seems to be very 
stable. We are still a bit cautious on the camphor and the terpene chemical side, where we still 
have some price pressures and we will see how it evolves going forward.  
Ankit Gupta:  
Sure and my second question was on the EBITDA margin. This is the second quarter in a row 
where we have seen double digit kind of margin and prior to the last 2-3 years, because of the 

 
Page 4 of 10 
issues that the industry went through, do you think given how the industry scenario is 
currently, we can sooner or later come back to our old margins of around 15% if not more? 
Dharmil Bodani:  
Okay, no problem. So I will take that question on his behalf. I think we have probably gone 
through the worst and I think the situation has stabilized reasonably. As much as we are 
cautious, we would still stay between the guidance that we have given of 10-12% considering 
the fact that we have 2 new plants that have already been commissioned. So we are going to 
just stay with the 10-12% for now and going forward, I don't want to commit. I would just like 
to stay with this for now. 
Ankit Gupta:  
 Sure. The last question was on the kind of revenue that we can generate from all the 
expansions that we have done. So this Vadodara Hydrogenation Plant is operating at 30% 
capacity. Plus, your hard will start contributing hopefully from Q4 of this financial year, maybe 
Q1 of this financial year. So on an aggregate basis, once both these hydrogenation plant in 
Vadodara and Mahad side ramps up to 70-80% capacity, can we touch 1300-1400 crore kind of 
runrate? 
Parag Satoskar:  
So Ankit, primarily if you look at broadly whenever we have a Brownfield Project, we always 
say that the top line expected, with a 500-day lag, because we are in generic material and it 
takes a year, year and a half for us to kind of get all the approvals, is anywhere between 1.5 to 
1.7 on a cautious approach and for a greenfield, we are looking at anywhere between 1 to 1.2. I 
think if you add Vadodara, if you add Mahad, and if you add the process reengineering and the 
growth that we will experience in our current set of products, I think we shouldn't be surprised 
to probably see an addition of anywhere between 250 to 300 crores in the next R: years to the 
top line. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Kaustav Bubna from BMSPL Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Kaustav Bubna:  
So mainly I have two questions. The first one is on this on these capacities which have been 
recently commissioned, one Greenfield which has been recently commissioned. I understand 
you just gave some sort of a revenue estimate for the next 2-3 years, what these capacities can 
do if they reach optimal utilization. But what about the second half, I mean, how much – I am 
just trying to understand how a second half could potentially turn out. So how much 
incremental revenue, apart from the normal business, how much incremental revenue do you 
think you can see from this plan that has been commissioned in the second half? 
Parag Satoskar: 
 So without actually getting into the numbers, I can say that we are with our existing set of 
businesses across the 2 verticals, which is the fragrance, flavors, and the aroma ingredients 
verticals. We are seeing that it's going to be a healthy growth of anywhere between 5 to 10 
percent. On the camphor side, since it's a cyclical product, we need to kind of wait and watch 
what happens in the off-season. So we will kind of update you by the end of next quarter and 

 
Page 5 of 10 
when we are looking at the contribution of the newer products coming from the hydrogenation 
facility and the mark facility, we are still kind of at the beginning of our commercial transactions 
with our customers. I can only say that the feedback is pretty positive, and we should be in a 
position to close commercial sales. But I wouldn't really get into the numbers there because 
we are still in the process of having those conversations. 
Kaustav Bubna:  
So, the second question was related to the camphor business. You just spoke about how you're 
not sure about camphor margin performance because of the seasonality of the product. So I 
wanted to understand two things. Firstly, you know, if you look at your competitors' numbers, 
who is mainly camphor, they have posted quite good turnaround in margin performance in the 
first half, which kind of indicates that, I don't know what it really indicates, but that camphor 
prices are probably stabilized. So could you explain where camphor yields are now versus what 
it was in the first half of the previous year, and what the exact situation is and also, if you're 
talking about camphor being seasonal, so will that affect our margin guidance for the second 
half overall as a company? Should we expect lower margins? 
Parag Satoskar: 
So to answer your first part of the question, I mean, I can only speak for ourselves and I can 
definitely tell you that the camphor and the terpene chemical space continues to be under a 
price pressure, multiple reasons, point number one. Point number two, I mean, we would like 
to be cautiously optimistic about the guidance that we give on EBITDA and although we have 
had 2 good quarters, but we still maintain, our expectations of EBITDA to stay between 10% to 
12%, because we have a lot of brand new plants that are coming with brand new products, and 
they take time to stabilize and get accepted. So we would like to be cautiously optimistic for 
the whole business. The camphor and the terpene chemicals definitely stay under 
pressure. The camphor in the religious space is a cyclical product, and our guidance for EBITDA 
stays between 10% to 12%. 
Kaustav Bubna:  
And the last question I had was your current depreciation is around 5 crores a quarter. So with 
these new plants coming in, what will that number go to? What depreciation number should 
we expect in FY’26? 
Dharmil Bodani:  
Girish, you want to answer this, or you can probably, you know, you can send us an email to 
Anuj's team and we can respond to that. 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Parag, it will be 6.5 to 7 crores a quarter. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruva Patel from Dhruva LLP. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhruva Patel:  
I just wanted to ask that we talked about some kind of a revenue growth in this quarter and 
then the following quarter. So I can see that in quarter-on-quarter we have a 10% sales growth, 

 
Page 6 of 10 
but year-on-year we have not grown much. So your guidance was regarding the year-on-year 
numbers or the quarter-on-quarter numbers? That's what I wanted to ask. 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Yes, so our guidance was for the yearly numbers and this growth he is talking about the sales 
growth, it is there, but on year on year because our corresponding period in June quarter it 
was weak and our first quarter was weak. That is why it is showing low. 
Dhruva Patel:  
Okay, right. And do you expect the camphor prices to stabilize or go down or like, what do you 
expect from the camphor prices specifically? 
Parag Satoskar: 
So I think it is a market which is governed by demand and supply. Like I said that inherently the 
demand supply situation on the camphor piece stays a bit tricky and once we get into the off-
season you probably would have some level of negativity coming in terms of pricing. So we will 
have to wait and watch, but I wouldn't be able to comment exactly on what would happen. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Saket, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Saket:  
Thanks for the opportunity and again congratulations to the team on a good performance and 
belated wishes for the festive season. So this was pertaining to this upcoming Greenfield 
expansion. So you have talked about this. It's a single chemical ingredient, so 
Evermoss AB20018. 
Now if I look at the expectation that we have set, so basically at 160 crores we could look at, 
say, 160 to 200 crores from this molecule itself. So can you talk us through a bit about 
molecules? Are we the only supplier because it seems 200 crores seems to be big both at a 
company level as well as from a molecule level. So what are the used cases and assuming that 
we are largely into generic products only. So are we making it for a particular client or is it 
backed by purchase order for multiple clients? So something if you can share about this 
molecule. 
Parag Satoskar:  
So, Saket, if you look at the Greenfield project at Mahad and the investment that has been 
done, the investment probably has two elements. You know, one element is the overall 
development of the plot because the plot is a substantially large plot and we have just taken a 
part. So primarily if you look at the investment that has been done, I think close to anywhere 
between 50% to 55% of the investment has been done towards development of the plot, 
towards establishment of the basic infrastructure and a utility block, which can be further used 
for multiple plants. So if you look at the actual investment done for this product that amounts 
to anywhere between 70 to 75 crores and from a demand perspective, I think it is a generic 
material which finds wide application across fragrance applications. So we are pretty confident, 
like we are with all of our new product launches that we will be able to, in the first 500 days, 
get substantial share of the global market in this product.  

 
Page 7 of 10 
Saket:  
Okay. Fair point. Now, another question that I have. So if I look at, say, hydrogenation and both 
this new molecule, is it safe to assume that these would be higher in terms of EBITDA margin 
vis-a-vis, say, the overall company, which was, say, 14 to 17 in a more stable environment? I 
know currently you are guiding for 10 to 12, but will this to be margin accretive, higher than 
normal? 
Parag Satoskar:  
So if you look at the overall product mix, hydrogenation plus smart plus our existing products, 
I think it kind of gives us a very interesting global role across a wide range of products. I mean, 
that's the ultimate objective that we have. I mean, to really offer a basket of products to our 
customers globally and so, yes, I mean, when I say that whenever we select a product, we 
ensure that it kind of fulfills the basic EBITDA requirement over a longer period of time, 
depending on the competitive landscape. But as we move on as we supply a basket of products 
to our customers globally, I think we become a little more important because of the ability to 
give a wide range of products and that will help us kind of look at profitability in a more macro 
sense rather than micro product wise. 
Saket:  
Fair point. If I look at, say, relative ranking of the margins for the 3 divisions, how would they 
rank up? Is it like Aroma had the best margin and Camphor the lowest and Speciality 
somewhere in between? How would that stack up for Q2 only? 
Dharmil Bodani:  
So, basically what happens is it's all interlinked. So, if the chemical prices continue to go down, 
you will see an improvement of margin in the fragrance business or the flavor business. So, 
there is no fixed rule of which one contributes what. It depends on the quarter. Parag, anything 
else you want to add?  
Parag Satoskar:  
No, I think that's what I was going to probably tell him that for us, since we are backward 
integrated, it kind of acts as a, I wouldn't say a hedge, but we have this internal rearrangement 
that happens on profitability depending on which area of the business is under pressure on 
price. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. 
Please, go ahead.  
Rohit Nagraj:  
Sir, first question is about the exports market. So, what are you, I mean, we are gauging from 
the exports market in terms of all the 3 segments. How has been the demand environment? 
How has been the inventory situation and based on our dialogue with customers, how do we 
foresee that whether we have bottomed out and the demand is picking up strongly in certain 
segments or it is growing gradually? Thank you.  
Parag Satoskar:  
So, you know, if we look at overall the demand scenario, broadly we can very comfortably say 
that the whole discussion on destocking and reduced demand probably has come to an end 
definitely in H2 2024. Going forward, unless there are no global shocks to any of the major 

 
Page 8 of 10 
economies, I think we will see a steady demand for most of the products that we sell on the 
ingredient side and if you look on the fragrance and flavor side we continue to grow and we 
continue to grow by acquiring new customers and when they grow with new product launches, 
etc., we grow along with them and we are seeing that product launches after a gap of a year 
or so are now also happening at a relatively fast pace. So, I think there is good situation in terms 
of demand on the 2 divisions. On the camphor side, it's seasonal. So, we have had a good, I 
mean, the season went off very well. We will now see what happens to the demand in the off-
season. 
Rohit Nagraj:  
So, just one clarification. The inventory rationalization, is it largely over now and the fresh 
orders have started coming back to normal growth rates have started coming? 
Parag Satoskar: 
 Yes. I mean, we've seen, I mean, we have already had multiple rounds of conversations about 
H1 2025 demand from our RFQ customers and we see the numbers pretty healthy for the 
requirement of H1 2025. 
Rohit Nagraj:  
And second question, in our presentation, we have also said that most raw material prices have 
been stable or showing some signs of marginal price increases. So, for the next set of RFQs, are 
we more or less protected in terms of the raw material price increase if they happen even in 
gradual cases or will there be a lead lag impact in terms of passing on those price increases? 
Thank you. 
Parag Satoskar:  
So, I think when we, because the exposure is, I mean, when we look at the fragrance and flavor 
business, the palette is close to 2,000 materials and when we look at even our aroma 
ingredients, it's a basket of more than 60, 70 materials that we actively commercially offer. You 
can't really go very micro, but broadly we can say that there seems to be, there seems to be a 
stability. We are always going to have some situations where some of the raw materials are 
unusually high or unusually low. But, but it is safe to say that everything looks stable in terms 
of inventory, in terms of availability and in terms of pricing on the raw material side. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
 Yeah and just to add to that, we will have to also consider the outlook on the Indian rupee. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Aniket Kulkarni from BMSPL Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Aniket Kulkarni:  
So, I have a question regarding the camphor market. So, Trump is speaking about imposing 
stricter tariffs on China. So, if you can tell me how much camphor does China sell to the US and 
does the current pricing levels indicate any sort of dumping of camphor by China in the US 
market and how much of camphor do we export to the US and if there is increased scrutiny of 
exports, can we benefit from the same? 

 
Page 9 of 10 
Parag Satoskar:  
So, I think if I have understood your question correctly, I mean, to the best of our knowledge, 
the United States market is not a major consumer of camphor per se. We can very gladly say 
that we have a sizable position of whatever camphor is sold there in the healthcare space and 
definitely, like you mentioned, if there are any opportunities because of a review in the 
relationships, I mean, I am sure whichever country can benefit from it would be able to benefit 
from it. But I think that's purely speculative for now. 
Aniket Kulkarni:  
So, in this medical camphor space, can you tell me how much is the presence of Chinese players 
in which we are present? 
Parag Satoskar:  
So, I think in the healthcare space globally, there are players from other countries who are 
active in selling there. But I think certain advantages in terms of regulatory certifications that 
we have kind of help us in having a much better position with the customers globally. 
Moderator:  
Thank you.  We have our next question from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Ankit Gupta: 
 Just some clarification, the addition depreciation which will come from the Mahad plant will 
be around 5-6 crores per quarter is what we have stated? 
Parag Satoskar  
Per year. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay and it will start coming from, let's say, Q4 of this financial year? 
Parag Satoskar: 
 Yeah. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure and my second question was on Mahad is in the first phase of expansion. Any timeline 
that you can give from where we can start the next phase of expansion or it's too early to say 
anything? 
Parag Satoskar: 
 I think currently we probably will stick to the product portfolio and the expansion that we have 
already announced and if there is anything that comes up, we'll definitely be informing the 
investor community. 
Moderator:  
That would be the last question for today and I now hand the conference over to Mr. Dharmil 
Bodani from Oriental Aromatics Limited for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Dharmil Bodani:  
Thank you for participating in this earnings conference call. I hope we have been able to answer 
your questions satisfactorily. If you have any further questions or would like to know more 
about the company, we would be happy to address the same. We are thankful to all our 
investors who continue to stand by us and also have shown confidence in the company's future 
growth plans. And with this, I wish everyone a great evening. Thank you.  

 
Page 10 of 10 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Oriental Aromatics Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
