 
 
 CIN : L30009GJ2003PLC043419 
                  November 18, 2024 
To,  
The Listing Compliance Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
‘Exchange Plazza’,C-1,Block G,  
Bandra kurla complex (BKC),  
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051,  
Maharashtra, India  
 
Symbol: MACPOWER  
Series:EQ  
ISIN: INE155Z01011  
 
Subject: Submission of Conference call transcript.  
 
Dear sir/ Madam,  
 
The Company had organized a conference call for the Investors on Thursday, 
November 14, 2024 at 3:00 PM to discuss the financial results for the 
quarter and half year ended on September 30, 2024.  
 
The transcript of the said conference call held with the Investors is enclosed 
herewith. The Company shall also disseminate the above information on the 
website of the Company- www.macpowercnc.com.   
 
Request you to kindly take note of the same.  
 
Thanking you  
 
Yours Faithfully 
For MACPOWER CNC MACHINES LIMITED  
 
 
____________________ 
KISHOR KIKANI 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
KISHORBHAI 
MADHUBHA
I KIKANI
Digitally signed by 
KISHORBHAI 
MADHUBHAI KIKANI 
Date: 2024.11.18 
17:55:02 +05'30'

 
 
 
Macpower CNC Machines Limited  
 
Q2 H1 FY25 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
November 14, 2024 03:00 PM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Rupesh Mehta - Chairman and Managing Director 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 
Disclaimer: - This transcript is edited for factual errors 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd  
Q2 H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2024 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you all to the Q2 and H1 FY25 post-
earnings conference call of Macpower CNC Machines Limited. Today 
on the call from the management, we have with us Mr. Rupesh Mehta, 
Chairman and Managing Director.  
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements which may involve risk and 
uncertainties. Also a reminder that this call is being recorded.  
 
I would now request Mr. Rupesh Mehta to detail us about the business 
and performance highlights for the quarter that went by and his growth 
plans and visions for the coming year, post which we will open the floor 
for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Good afternoon everyone. First of all, I earnestly welcome you all to 
Q2 FY25 post-results conference call. Thank you very much for 
believing in your company as an Investor. I wanted to assure you that 
we are fully committed to maximize value for our shareholders and we 
promise to deliver the best with your support and backing. We are 
confident to achieve even greater heights in the day and years to come. 
We will have a brief about our overall performance of the company for 
the quarter ended 30 September 2024, post which I will take your 
questions. 
 
The financial results and presentation have been posted on the 
company's website and hope you have had an opportunity to go through 
the same. So I will start with the one-by-one highlights. I will give you 
quickly brief about the Q2 FY25 revenue is increased to INR 71.10 
crores. Q2 FY25 EBITDA margin is also increased by 41% on YOY. 
Q2 FY25 PAT is increased to INR 8.30 crores which is 35% on YOY. 
As I announced that right now our production capacity is 2,000 
machines.  
 
A new 500 machine capacity CapEx and some of the machines and 
construction work is on progress. We hopefully complete these 500 
machines adding capacity on new financial year maybe in April will 
utilize this 500. And as I promised on quarter-on-quarter will increase 
the CapEx also. So Q2 our CapEx was INR2.52 crore. So we are 
increasing the CapEx also. 
 
Our 600-kilowatt solar is almost 60%, 70% work will be completed 
within a short time. We will utilize the solar power plant and I would 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd  
Q2 H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2024 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
like to announce that right now we have 209 people in sales and service 
and which is almost double than last quarter. So, we are increasing our 
distribution network and we are going to start the new office and tech 
centre. 
 
Right now we have Shapar, Jamnagar, Ahmedabad, Mohali, 
Coimbatore and new tech centres and office will be inaugurated in 
November and December respectively in Faridabad, Hyderabad, 
Mangalore and Pune. We are going to start the new tech centres and 
offices.  
 
I would like to announce that in January as in my last concall I 
announced that we are going to display the latest technology machines 
in the January IMTEX Exhibition in Bangalore where we have 
successfully completed the trial of 5-axis machines and we are 
displaying these machines for our customers and the segment. Normally 
this 5-axis machine used for the aeronautic industries and defence 
industries.  
 
Second machines we are displaying that high speed 20,000 RPM drill 
tap centre. Normally, this kind of machine is used for the EMS sectors. 
So, we are displaying the double-digit machines in this exhibition and 
we are participating in the India's largest exhibition IMTEX Bangalore 
with the double-digit higher end new technology where we will use the 
robotic and gantry also and some of the new generations features we are 
adding in this exhibition is IOT 4.02. So, where our customer can track 
the machines through their mobile. They can get the all kind of the 
programming, modifications, everything is through the mobile.  
 
So, we are entering into the world market and second update is that as 
slowly our production capacity is increasing, so slowly we are 
expanding our distribution network also. We are expanding some of the 
sector also. In Q2, we already start the export also. In Q2, we get the 
good significant growth on export also. So gradually we will increase 
the export as our production capacity will increase and the world's 
largest exhibitions held at Hannover, Germany. It is called EMO. It is 
the number one exhibition for the machine tools business. So, we are 
participating in that exhibition. It will be on September 2025. So, we 
are expanding our production, productivity. We are adding the new 
product basket. 
 
We are expanding our distribution network and now slowly we are 
entering into the world market also. And as I announced in last press 
conference that we received the one order from the defence sector. The 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd  
Q2 H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2024 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
one machine's cost is INR2.95 crores which is the second highest value 
in Macpower history for the one machine's cost. So INR2.95 crore order 
also we received. And more detail it is in presentation. Our order book 
is significantly increasing. 
 
So all the detailed data it is in presentations. And Vinayji, shall we start 
the question-and-answer? 
 
Moderator: 
Sure, sir,sure. All those who wish to ask a question, we use the option 
of raise hand. In case you are unable to raise hand, you can just drop a 
message on chat and we will invite you. 
 
We'll take the first question from Kush Nahar. Kush, you can go ahead. 
 
Kush Nahar: 
Hello, sir. Am I audible?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yeah, yeah. You are audible.  
 
Moderator: 
Can you be a bit louder, Kush.  
 
Kush Nahar: 
Yeah. Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Two to three questions I had. 
One, sir, any particular reason why our sales in this quarter was only 
12% compared to our previous three quarters where we have grown 
around 24% and 30%? Second, our EBITDA margins are 18% in this 
quarter. So what kind of EBITDA margins can we close the year in? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No. First question, we have a good order book. And as I told you last 
meeting that we are increasing the production productivity. So 
definitely we delivered some of the machine very quickly from our 
order book where we are getting the good three-to-four-month delivery 
time. So we increased the manpower, we increased the productivity. So 
according to the order books and according to our capability and 
capacity, as we promised, that will increase by 20% to 30% gradually. 
 
Second, margin is improved with the two, three things. The top line, as 
it increases margins will definitely improve. And because of the high-
valued machines, some of the high-valued machines. And third thing is 
some of the major component which we are buying from the market, 
almost more than 50% of that component we are manufacturing in-
house. So, our margin is improved by the top line. Our fixed cost is 
almost the same. 
 
Second, some of the export we completed in this Q2. And third is some 
of the component we manufactured in-house. So that's why our margin, 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd  
Q2 H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2024 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
and as we promised is that this margin will gradually improve by quarter 
on quarter and year on year. So, it may be once in this financial year, it 
may be a 17% to 20% will finish in this financial year. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Sir, he wants to ask a question that this time your revenue has only 
grown by 12% at INR71 crores versus the last time, in Q1, we had 
grown at a higher pace. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
13%, yeah. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
So why is it lesser in terms of 12%? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
The rest of the payment, the production has also been very good. The 
order book is also good. But due to the lack of payment, we have grown 
by 13% at the top line. But some higher-end machines which are 
processed, we gave 6 to 7 machines for export. So, we paid attention to 
the margins. And secondly, as I told you, there are some special purpose 
machines, some big preparations for IMTEX are going on. So in the 
margins, our top line, there was a little less payment from the market 
side because after the payment, we give most of the machines. So this 
is one reason.  
 
But we have worked more on backward integrations in this quarter, we 
have worked more on export and now that we had some inventories 
forwarded, the advance came, the payment realization was left. 
 
Kush Nahar: 
So do we see this as a temporary problem? And you're confident that 
we'll close the year with 25% top line growth in FY25? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, definitely. We'll grow, get the 25% growth as I committed in the 
last meeting. More than that, more than the top line, we have also 
focused on the margins this time. We have a telescopic cover, some 
hydraulics kits, next phases we have a turret, we are importing some 
spindles. So, we are working in two ways. We will also focus on the 
components, backward integration, so that the margin will also look like 
an improvement. 
 
And for the order book, we have done expansion team, tech centres. So 
yes, you can say 25% year-on-year growth target, will be achieved 
100% this year . 
 
Kush Nahar: 
Thank you for those answers. Sir just two last questions. Export, can 
you tell us the segment, the export product, where was it used in which 
segment? 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd  
Q2 H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2024 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Exactly, it is a little forward-looking, but it will go through dealers only. 
And along with dealers, we have also done some MOUs, because 
exporting there means service, spares and training. So, most of the 
exports that will be there for the next year, it will go through dealers to 
make networking. 
 
Now where the dealer gives on the segment, a little detailing is yet to 
come, but we will not go directly. We will go to any country's dealer, 
we will export that, then he will distribute the local network, through 
local network. So, we will not know about the segment, but normally 
the countries we are doing, oil and gas and pump and valve are the most, 
so it must have gone there mostly. 
 
Kush Nahar: 
And so margin will be better in export compared to domestic sales? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, it is better than domestic sales and we can get the DPB also, the 
government's export DPB scheme, so margin definitely, that is the 
reason. 
 
Kush Nahar: 
Right, so just one last question, so we are planning for CapEx in 
Gujarat, once the land is allotted, so are we hiring any senior 
management level people, so that you know -- do we have the appetite 
to digest such a big expansion or do we need more manpower, more 
senior management personnel going ahead? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yeah, we have right now very good senior people in our team. For sales 
we have a 25 year experienced Vice President. A new one we 
announced, Ravi Modi, he is also a more senior person. And what we 
need is more at the research level, for which we have interviewed, in 
Bangalore, our new R&D centre is starting next month, so technically 
we need more at the background level.  
 
And yes, we have a team of approximately 1,000 people in total, and in 
the future, the requirements of R&D and the production, productivity 
and expansion, definitely we require the good senior level people. And 
for that we need more plant heads, project heads all that management, 
and for that we have more than 12 people in the HR team. They are 
conducting the interviews, because we have diverted a lot to the branch 
level work, from HR to training to service. So yes, we will definitely 
hire this kind of people. 
 
Kush Nahar: 
Okay, thank you so much for the answers. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd  
Q2 H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2024 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Kush. We will take the next question from Jaiveer Singh. 
 
Jaiveer Singh 
Hi, hello sir, good evening sir. Congratulations for the good set of 
results sir, and I have a few questions. Sir, what is the status of the 
defence MOU we have signed with the Gujarat government? Can you 
provide a timeline for this project sir? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
It is the government of Gujarat, so there are steps, almost, I can say that 
there are six steps to start up this new land and new factory, almost 
halfway we completed, through the primary approval from the Ministry 
of Industries. After that they send this to the local level body, and after 
that it will be in the collector, so almost half level journey is already 
done. So we hope that we will get this new project land before March 
or April. 
 
Jaiveer Singh 
Sir, any finished timeline sir, that it can be, the project can be completed 
by till FY26, '27, like that only? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
After receiving, we will work phase wise. We have a huge land, we are 
–(technical fault) we demanded, but we will add the capacity by 2000 
machines in first phase with the foundry and some of the backward 
integrations for the some components. So, we will add the 2,000 
machines in phase one. Simultaneously we will add the foundry for 
more than 5,000 machines, approximately our casting capacity would 
be more than 2,000 tons.  
 
So, we will add the backward integration unit and the foundry and 2,000 
machine extra capacity. It will require us to complete by 15 months to 
16 months for phase one. After that according to the market, according 
to the need, we will add more and more capacity. 
 
Jaiveer Singh 
Sir, you have mentioned about backward integration sir, my next 
question sir. Can you shed some light on the backward integration and 
what value it will bring for our company sir? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Backward integration means right now we are buying the castings from 
the vendors. Last year we are buying the telescopic from the vendors. 
So almost 50% telescopic we are manufacturing right now in-house, 
50% spindle we are manufacturing in-house. So, some of the 
component we are buying from the import or buying from the some 
vendors, that component will manufacture in our existing plant or in 
new plant, it gives us the opportunity to increase the quality, delivery 
and cost effective also. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd  
Q2 H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2024 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Jaiveer Singh 
Sir, one more question sir and it will be my last sir. Sir in previous 
concalls you have guided that we will achieve 20% to 25% in EBITDA. 
So but we have achieved 18% till now sir, so any further, can you tell 
me that by which quarter or by which year we can achieve that? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Not normally in capital goods industries, as I always told you many of 
our in our concalls that quarter 1 business is 15% to 20%, quarter 2 is 
20% to 25%. So capital goods business is increased by quarter on 
quarter. Quarter 1 is average slightly down, quarter 2 little bit high, 
quarter 3 and quarter 4 if you go through all the companies balance it 
on quarter 4. So year on year definitely we will achieve 20% to 30% top 
line, 20% to 30% on EBITDA margin and 20% to 30% on the PAT 
margin, so definitely we will achieve that. 
 
Jaiveer Singh 
Sir, if you permit me sir, one last question sir, regarding R&D centre 
Bangalore, can you tell me what value addition will be after the R&D 
centre Bangalore? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Now we will get the some of the new generations machines technology 
and that R&D centre we will utilize for the two three aspects. One is for 
the service centre, one is for the sales, one is for the R&D centre, so 
we'll utilize these premises for three different aspects but definitely 
we'll get some of the new generation's technology through this 
Bangalore R&D centre. And some of the new things we learn, we 
achieve the good result from the Bangalore R&D centre. That's why 
we'll display the new generations machine on January 2025 Bangalore 
exhibition where we are going to display the new generation 5-axis 
machines and high-speed EMS segment machines.  
 
So backward integration for the turret, ATC or rotary table, so some 
kind of the component we will develop over there in Bangalore R&D 
centre and new generations machines we will develop in the Bangalore. 
 
Jaiveer Singh 
Sir, thank you, thanks a lot sir and congratulations, sir 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you, thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks Jaiveer. We'll take the next question from Pranav. Pranav, 
please unmute. 
 
Pranav Shikhare: 
Yeah, hi sir, congratulations on good sets of number.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you very much Pranav bhai.  

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd  
Q2 H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2024 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Pranav Shikhare: 
Yeah, yeah, so Rupesh bhai, my question was what is the demand 
scenario currently looks like overall in the CapEx cycle going on? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Overall index is by market growth is compared to Indian machine tools 
data compared to Indian machine tools data and some of the FANUC, 
Siemens and Mitsubishi jointly if we calculate it, the growth is 15 to 20 
percent in India compared to last year. But I think for us, if we require 
the more growth, then we have to expand our distribution network. 
Almost our distribution network is double than compared to last year. 
So our market share is just 2%, 2.5%. So yeah, I think still we have a 
lot of areas is vacant. So market scenario is almost if you go through 
the order book, is the highest ever order book right now we have.  
 
We are facing the challenges of Diwali holidays and Navratri, Dussehra, 
so lots of holidays, so we'll ramp up this production on this quarter 
because of this eight to ten days holidays we have in last October month, 
but the demand wise there is a 15% to 20% according to my personal 
data from the various expect is increased, but definitely we'll increase 
more growth from the year on year. 
 
Pranav Shikhare: 
Okay, Rupesh, my next question is we are already focused more on 
aerospace and defence, can we expect some order inflow from EMS 
because that is quite a rising sector and I also remember once you told 
that if Apple has to do manufacturing in India, it needs around 50,000 
to 55,000 CNC machines. So our peer who is present is setting up a lot 
of assembly lines for manufacturing for EMS services. Do we also have 
plans to enter this segment and how much margins can we make in that, 
and what is your take on this? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I will say that if you take any product to market, for that product 
manufacturing will be a challenge, because for this country it is 
difficulty to make this type of product. So first we will get the product. 
After this it is not that Apple or Samsung -- there are a lot of their 
vendors. In future the market size of 50,000, so only single company or 
two or three companies won't take. They are also developing a very big 
vendor base. So, we will plan that if we give direct in the first phase as  
they will ask lots of machines. And terms and conditions also will be 
tough.  
 
So, these machines are a product of a R&D centre, to show our strength 
to the market, that we can manufacture these machines. And for that the 
customers which we have, they will have their ancillaries or subsidiaries 
or vendors. And we will increase this product gradually, just like our 
VTL (vertical turning ledge). As the capacity increased, we focused on 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd  
Q2 H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2024 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
two machines of VTL every month, which is a big ramp up compared 
to last year of this product.  
 
After this double column machine in tenders, which we made only one 
machine last year, against this we are making one machine per month. 
So, we are ramping up this product to our product basket after the new 
plant comes. And the sectors of defence, aeronautic and EMS for that…  
 
Pranav Shikare: 
[Indiscernible] 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
What, I didn't understand the question. You voice broke up.  
 
Moderator: 
Pranav can you speak a little louder please?  
 
Pranav Shikhare: 
Yeah, Rupesh bhai. I was asking what are the margin difference, 
meaning what is the margin difference between the three, what is the 
margin in aerospace, after that what is the margin in defence and what 
it can be in EMS? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
It will vary from project to project. Almost your margins in defence will 
increase 5% to 15% than normal. If they are asking more and more 
services, if there is more training, component development, then the 
margins will definitely improve, because they want lot of value added 
services. So, the margins increase from 5% to 15% than normal. 
 
Pranav Shikhare: 
Okay, okay. Yeah, thank you, Rupesh bhai. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks Pranav. Before moving on to the next participant I would 
request the participants to restrict their questions to two per participant. 
We will take the next question from Samarth Nagpal. Please go ahead.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, Samarth bhai. 
 
Samarth Nagpal: 
Good afternoon, sir. How are you, Rupesh sir? Sir, congratulations for 
a great set of numbers. I had 2-3 questions. I will restrict it to two sir, if 
I compare our capacity with the last Q2 sir, if I compare our capacity 
with the last Q2 then almost 30% capacity has increased, more than 
30%. We were at 1,500 machines capacity and now we are at 2,000 
machines capacity. If I see my number of units sold, if I see number of 
machines sold in this quarter, my dispatches and my revenue has 
increased from 13% to 14%. If I see the number of machines and if I 
see that also. Has the capacity utilization maxed out or has the 
productivity decreased? 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd  
Q2 H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2024 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Productivity has increased by more than 80% but some inventories we 
have not received their payment and when we close the 30th and when 
we close the 30th the billing and which payments have come. Now if 
the payment comes on the 1st, 2nd, for production we have utilized 
80%, 85% plant capacity, and with that, the inventory we have done this 
time is different because there is more demand in the festival season. 
So, there is no issue in production, there is no issue in order book, the 
holidays that have come due to which we could have taken the top line 
up but there is no issue in production. 
 
Samarth Nagpal: 
Sir, one more question, my order intake is also there, in Q1 when we 
had the call, you told us that the defence orders will start getting picked 
up. So my order intake in Q2, if I compare with last year, my orders 
received in Q2 of this year compared to Q2 of last year and our sales 
team has also added a lot, so I am sure our foot on the ground is also 
more, in that also 13%, 14% increase has come so in terms of training 
or productivity wise, we will get more orders in Q3, or the tenders that 
were filled have not been allotted yet, is there anything like that? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
There are two reasons. Our first reason is that the sales force that you 
keep, they will not go to the field in the same month and bring orders. 
You have to give them 2-3 months minimum. They have 1 week or 10 
days training in the plant, after that understanding our product, 
understanding our customers and adding to the process, so any team that 
is kept in a quarter will not give you results in the same quarter for that. 
For that, the order book that we have increased, compared to that our 
quarter order will also increase because month on month we calculate 
the orders. We do week on week analysis, and now we do day on day.  
 
So, the average order that we have is 4 or 5, that is 100% 6 to 8 per day, 
so order intake is also increasing because we have trained and recruited 
a big sales force and because of the holidays, the ratio of opened tenders 
to bid tenders has decreased to 10%. Normally it is 20%, 25%. For 
example, if we bid for INR100 crore tender, then the open tenders are 
INR20 crores, INR25 crores, but this time because of the holidays, the 
average in last 2 months is INR10 crore against INR100 crores, so only 
10%. But for their validity it is only 90 days.  
 
After that they will have to do a big process on the jam for extension. 
So I think the tenders that were not opened in the last month there is a 
big chance of their opening. The flow of tenders compared to last year 
is also more, there are more tenders compared to last year. You will see 
a lower figure because the INR200 crore tender which got cancelled of 
MSME, Ministry of Small and Medium for India's ITI, that tender was 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd  
Q2 H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2024 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
cancelled last year, so there is a gap between last year's tender fill up 
and this year's tender fill up because of this big tender that was 
cancelled.  
 
But in general, the tender filing has increased, order intake has 
increased, payment realization has slowed down and the opening of the 
tenders also has slowed. So I think we will ramp up in this quarter. We 
are going to do a big exhibition on plant capacity and production 
capacity, we are going to display 10-12 machines that are new 
generation technology, we have to show the capacity in the exhibition, 
INTEX, what we can make and what we can do. Some of the capacity 
in this quarter is used to make new generation product because if we 
used whole capacity in one month, then it can be cause disturbance. So, 
2-3 reasons are there. With same manpower, we have worked on 
Backward Integration. But the plant capacity realization is 84%, 85%. 
And some machines we have got the advance, the delivery is pending, 
payment done but shed work is remaining, due to the holidays it was 
pending. So due to this, it has got forwarded to the future, there are no 
other problems, but definitely we will achieve 20%, 25%. 
 
Samarth Nagpal: 
Sir, I had one final question if the time can be squeeze in. My NEXA 
vertical, what is the percentage revenue in this quarter, because we 
normally have 7% to 8%. And our plan is to take it to 12% to 14%. So, 
is there any substantial improvement in this quarter? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
The order intake is very big, almost if I say, double column machining 
and VTL, our NEXA product basket and automation, in that we have 
received double digit order in crores, we will execute that in this quarter. 
So yes, our NEXA basket has got a big order intake, but due to the very 
big machines and long process times, we will deliver in this quarter. So 
definitely in that quarter the capacity is more so order and delivery both 
will be executed. 
 
Samarth Nagpal: 
Okay, sir. Thank you, sir. I will come back in the queue. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from Deepak Pandey.  
 
Deepak Pandey: 
Hi, sir. Congrats. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, Deepak ji. Thanks. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd  
Q2 H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2024 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Deepak Pandey: 
Rupeshji, three to four short questions from my side. First question is 
the credit period which we are giving, which we are selling in advance. 
Is that somehow impacting the sales growth. So are we not giving the 
customer a short period and impacting our scaling up impact? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
First of all, we never give credit to a direct customer. The credit facility 
to stock and sale which I told in the last quarter, that is for our 
distributor, the dealers who are working exclusively 100% for 
Macpower, we will avail for them. But there are not that many machines 
that it will impact us. But yes, their and our salesperson believe that if 
they get to see the catalog product ready in the showroom, then it builds 
confidence with the customers. So, we have experimented in some new 
markets, in which we do not give credit to the customer.  
 
Deepak Pandey: 
Understood. Sir, Second question, our realization for the quarter was 
INR18.7 lakh per machine, so how is it looking in the next few quarters? 
And again, what are you expecting in FY26? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I am expecting that the value of our average NEXA product is quite big, 
and we have some orders of INR 2.95 crore for one machine so the 
average price will definitely improve. My target is around INR 25 lakhs 
in the next financial year. If your average price increases, then your top 
line will also decrease. Suppose, if I am doing 20 lakhs of 2,500 
machines, then it will be around INR500 crores, but if I make an entry 
level product of INR15 lakhs then instead of 2,500 machines, it can be 
2,700, 2,800 machines.  
 
So if we catch the big ones, the same growth as we have committed, the 
25% journey from the top line to the bottom line will continue, in which 
we will focus on margin improvement, new technology, and some new 
sectors. We are doing a lot of exhibitions to focus on the international 
market and corporates. So you have to start working six months to 1 
year in advance. So the pre-operating preliminary expenses will also 
increase. So, the growth journey will be around 20%, 25%, which we 
are talking about every year. 
 
Deepak Pandey: 
Sir, where I was coming from is, one of the peers that is also listed, they 
are actually targeting INR50 lakhs per machine so when can we get your 
visibility to that level, where we are manufacturing higher end machines 
and hitting that run rate? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
So when there is more work on export, we can talk about that level but 
I don't think anyone has an average of INR50 lakhs in India. We have 
to see how much it is right now, according to the total numbers. So more 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd  
Q2 H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2024 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
than the average price, if you look at ace designer number 1, his average 
price is INR15 lakhs to INR16 lakhs, you add VMC, so its INR20 lakhs 
but he has a capacity of 8,000 machines and he does realizations of 
6,000 machines. So his capacity, his realization is more than the average 
price suppose in India, DMG imports from Germany, their average 
price is around INR1 crore, he sells 100 machines for INR100 crores. 
So the numbers will decrease when you talk about the average price. 
You don't have to look at INR50 lakhs, in front of that 5,000 machines 
will be made or 6,000.  
 
So the average price is a little bit tricky because the most consumption 
will be of two wheelers like an automobile similarly, it will be of turning 
machines. More numbers than that will not come in any segment. It will 
come on second in VMC, no one will come more than that. So, as we 
develop higher end products, the numbers will decrease. So I think the 
average price will be around INR25 lakh INR30 lakhs is realistic and 
possible for the coming 2-3 years but in front of that, the numbers can 
be very big if we talk about 2,000 machines, the ace designer is building 
a capacity of 10,000 machines. He focuses more on the number of 
machines than the average price where there is a lot of demand. So, the 
focus will be more on the average price of INR20 lakhs, INR25 lakhs I 
don't think it is very easy to do a very big average price. 
 
Deepak Pandey: 
Sir, last question from my side. Any updates on the JV or partnership 
that we were planning? How could that impact us in the next 3 to 5 
years? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
There are two ideas in that, for the expansion of the new plant, the 
technology that will come for that, the worldwide market in that, the 
meetings that we did with the Japanese and Taiwanese in that, the issue 
of Japan's MATI is more because it will restrict more on defence and 
other sectors if we bring it only in strategic partner in technology. So in 
January, the meeting in IMTEX is with the Germans. So definitely, as 
we start the work of the new expansion before that, we will complete 
this work because this is more than our brand, worldwide more than 
their distribution network, the new generation technology that they have 
in that, in many places, it will help us in significant growth and 
branding.  
 
So those discussions have started in that. There is a big announcement 
in their travel plan, Bangalore exhibitions at the end of January in that, 
we are meeting three big leaders because of JV, and we will make some 
products in India. So in short, before we start new work, we will move 
forward. 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd  
Q2 H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2024 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
 
Deepak Pandey: 
Thank you sir. Wish you the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you Deepak. We will take the next question from CA Amit 
Kumar. Please go ahead. 
 
CA Amit Kumar: 
Thank you for the opportunity sir. I would like to know what is the 
market size of CNC machine in India and in the world in terms of 
volume and value and what is our market share. This is my first 
question. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Market size, consumption wise I think it is 16,000 crore to 18,000 crore 
and manufacturing wise, 8,000 to 9,000, rest is import. And compared 
to consumption, our market share is less than 2%, and compared to 
manufacture in India, our market share is 3.5% to 4% 
 
CA Amit Kumar: 
Ok, I have just started following this company if you could give some 
idea like this turning centre, vertical machining centre, tuning lathe 
where these machines are used and for what purposes? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Machine tools, Amit Kumar ji is the backbone for any of the 
manufacturing segments. Machine tools, I think we are contributing to 
more than 3,000 segments for example, aeronautics, railway, defence, 
pump valve, general engineering, plastic injection, moulding, pharma, 
textile. So everywhere machine is the basics for any kind of 
manufacturing segment, automobiles, EMS, so many segments we are 
capturing. And the use for this machine is for plastic industry also. So, 
I think if you want to grow manufacturing then machine tools is must.  
 
So it is basic, it's essential and in this, we have 5 to 6 players with almost 
85% to 90% production. In this we have various types of products like 
automobile is a general word, just like automobile, machine tools is a 
general word like entry level, two wheeler, which has the most 
consumption in our line is the turning machine, which machines the 
round part. After that comes 3 axis machining centre, vertical 
machining centre which is mostly used for square part and for die and 
mould. Then 4 axis for some gears, some valves. After that 5 axis for 
aircraft components. So, we have more than 65 different variants and 
compared to our competitors we have all product basket, all distribution 
network.  
 
Our challenges in the past was of production. We used to make 600 
machines then 1,200, then 1,500, then 2,000. Now we have 2500 and 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd  
Q2 H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2024 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
after that we are doing projections for a big expansion. So, overall 
machine tools is the backbone of manufacturing segment. 
 
CA Amit Kumar: 
We have bids of INR765 crores. So how much we can expect to convert 
it into orders? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Generally whatever order we are receiving say for example per day we 
are dispatching 4 to 5 machines and we are receiving 6 to 7, our target 
is that we will receive at least 15% to 20% minimum extra order so we 
can have a plan out because we have a lot of variants and models. So 
some orders are in book and bill, whose average out is of 20 to 25 
numbers which will ask in the same month that you have to give and 
some orders have a big lead time. This 2.95 crore order of a single 
machine order, time is 6 months. But big order forwarded will be more 
than last year because per day you are dispatching you should have 
more orders. Order book will never end. 
 
CA Amit Kumar: 
Thank you very much 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you Amit. We will take the next question from Abhishek Garg. 
Abhishek please unmute. 
 
Abhishek Garg: 
Thank you for the opportunity Rupesh ji. Thank you for very good 
result. I had a question, you guided us on the last call in FY25 we were 
targeting 25% revenue growth, in Q1 there was 25% growth in Q2 we 
grew 13%. So do we expect to grow more in H2 than 25%? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
We focused more on EBITDA, we improved margins, by providing 
some services your profitability increases. Suppose you have to provide 
one month training and in some projects, you have to prove out 10 
components. So, your production capacity will be utilized but your 
margins will improve. So, if you want to do backward integration if you  
bring a new team it will take one year. So utilize 10 people for backward 
integration so that your margins improve. I have always said that I will 
bring more improvement on cost, expenses and margins rather than to 
get the stretch of top line. But we will work simultaneously. Some 
services and some components to prove out if two machines are made 
less but their margins are ramped up it will be a strategic decision.  
 
We see a good impact on EBITDA and I have a good inventory. 25% is 
for the whole year and business of machine tools it is like a match, 
everything happens in the last 5-10 overs. So quarter 2 versus quarter 3 
if you look at the last two years results you will see that in every quarter 
and in the fourth quarter it is challenging for any capital goods, in which 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd  
Q2 H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2024 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
there is maximum revenue and maximum margins. So definitely I am 
confident that we will achieve more than that in Q3, Q4. 
 
Abhishek Garg: 
Thank you sir. Thank You 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you Abhishek. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Abhishek. We will take a follow up question from Samarth 
Nagpal. Samarth, you can go ahead. 
 
Samarth Nagpal: 
Hi Rupesh, sir. Sir, I have a suggestion if we see consistently our 
performance in top line has been 20%, 25% we have grown. And if I 
take out this year's festival period, we have seen competition growing 
by 30%. It could be due to capacity or other factors. Our capacity 
expansion will be in January which will be completed in March. Order 
book is already very strong. So just a suggestion and maybe a feedback 
keeping aside the payment issue where we are not getting payment, 
have we explored overtime scenario wherein we pay more wages and 
run our factory more, so that our throughput increases. Let's say we are 
at 80%, 82% throughput if we take it to 90%, 92% because order book 
will keep swelling and we are going at 2,500 machines just a suggestion 
and a feedback from you. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
First of all, to increase the productivity of production, there are two 
reasons, more than overtime and manpower, we have to do supply chain 
because in different variants in one machine we have more than 1,000 
components. And if we talk about total basket, it was calculated that we 
are managing inventory of 19,000 components which will be used in 
different models. So supply chain and the component coming from 
supply chain, the backward integration we have done, its component 
and its quality, if we have to ramp up this production so for that supply 
chain, backward integration and the quality of your skilled component 
has to be improved. Just by doing overtime, assembly will increase but 
for assembly, component is short. So most of the time, we have focused 
on backward integration. The target was this year that we have to bring 
the jump in EBITDA, if supply chain will be smooth then definitely 
production will be improved and here you know on Janmashtami we 
have a week off. So, we ramp up it in overtime.  
 
So, to increase production the biggest challenge will be inventory of 
component, quality of component and supply chain should be smooth 
so that production can be increased by 90%. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd  
Q2 H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2024 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Samarth Nagpal: 
Sir, one final question again on the JV front. Let's take in next quarter 
JV will be done. One scenario is JV will be done and another scenario 
is JV will not be done. And I will get land allotted which is very clear. 
So if I have JV then how much capacity will we expand with partner 
and if JV is not there, we don't have internal accruals then what will be 
the plan and how much time will it take lets say we have 2,500 capacity. 
What would be the next plan?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
See we have to do it from outside, JV's objective is not finance model 
JV's objective is different, expansion’s objective is different. To expand 
in phase 1 the fund, we are debt free, you can take some debt and with 
some equity you can expand the new plant. If there is a partner in JV, if 
he gives technology then he will be interested to give 2%, 5% so that I 
can give world's best technology and world's biggest distribution 
network. So, for that that place is open. So expansion has nothing to do 
with JV. The expansion which we have to do has to be done. For that if 
there is a demand in JV, for that there is a space for strategic partner.  
 
So first objective is expansion which we will do in next financial and if 
JV after project is completed then no one will be hard and fast but there 
was a thought process in our consulting team, and Kaptify team that if 
we do JV then we will do it strategically because they will need 
something with giving but connecting with them is not right for 
expansion. We will complete it and strategically we have this idea for 
JV open. 
 
Samarth Nagpal: 
Thank you sir. Thank you for answering all the questions and all the 
best for the remaining two quarters. I hope we get 90 or 100 quarter, we 
are waiting. Thank you for answering the questions. All the best. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
Sir, there is a question on chat from Mr. Gaurav Chandra. Can we 
expect international tie-up in Q4, and do we plan to build a factory 
together with them? Can we expect all of this to be completed before 
31 March 2025?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Gaurav ji, we have three major JV partners meeting at Bangalore 
exhibitions. They are specially coming to discuss about this JV and they 
wanted to see our product also, and they wanted to see the exhibition 
also. So definitely our objective is to complete the JV in this financial 
year. But without JV also we are ready to gear up our new expansion 
plan in next financial year. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd  
Q2 H1 FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2024 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
The second question is can we run the factory 24 hours a day if needed 
to get velocity in sales? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, but we can run the 24 hours factory but to assemble the machine 
in two shift, three shift it's not that much good idea. In India, nobody 
assembles the machine on two shift, or three shift. We assemble the 
machine on 12 hours to 14 hours but our costly machine shop, costly 
powder coating plant, costly sheet metal plant is working on 24 hours. 
 
Moderator: 
Sure. That was the last question for the day. Would you like to give any 
closing comments? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
As we discussed in all the quarters that machine tools business first 
quarter is slow, second quarter is little bit 20%, 25%, third quarter is 
25% to 30%. Fourth is whatever, last question INR90 crore, INR100 
crore. So, all this speed will come quarter-on-quarter and market share 
is not that much, that any market impact will come. We have to ramp 
up our distribution network. In earlier phases, we ramped up our 
production and productivity which we are streamlining.  
 
And now we are increasing sales force, service network and tech 
centres, some new areas product consumption like 5 axis machining 
centre, for EMS sector high speed 20,000 RPM drill tap centre and in 
world market to enter we have appointed export dealers. And in next 
financial year in Germany, we will display big technology, business 
with worldwide export distributors and for expansion we talk a lot, 
government has done a lot of that work and within this financial year, 
we will definitely announce about this new land. And the promises we 
have made 20%, 25% we will definitely fulfil and market is supporting 
us with this significant growth in our order book also. And we will 
perform better in Q3 and Q4. This is our expectation. Thank you very 
much.  
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you sir. Thank you to all the participants for joining us on the 
call and thank you to the management team for giving us their time. 
This brings us to the end of today's conference call. Thank you sir. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you. 
