 
 
 
 
Date: November 05, 2024 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
Symbol: FIVESTAR 
BSE Limited  
Listing department,  
First floor, PJ Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip code: 543663  
 
Sub: 
Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on 
Tuesday, October 29, 2024. 
 
The transcript can also be accessed from the link: https://fivestargroup.in/investors/ 
 
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
 
For Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
 
Shalini Baskaran 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
BASKARA
N SHALINI
Digitally signed by 
BASKARAN SHALINI 
Date: 2024.11.05 
11:59:36 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
“Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
Q2FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 29, 2024 
MANAGEMENT: MR LAKSHMIPATHY DEENADAYALAN – CHAIRMAN & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, FIVE-STAR BUSINESS FINANCE 
LIMITED  
MR RANGARAJAN KRISHNAN - CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
FIVE-STAR BUSINESS FINANCE LIMITED 
MR SRIKANTH GOPALAKRISHNAN - CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, FIVE-STAR BUSINESS FINANCE LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR RAGHAV GARG – AMBIT CAPITAL 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Five Star Business Finance Limited 2QFY24-25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Ambit Capital. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr Raghav Garg from Ambit Capital. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Raghav Garg: 
Good afternoon, everyone. We have with us today the management of Five Star Business Finance 
Limited represented by Mr Lakshmipathy Deenadayalan – Chairman and Managing Director, Mr 
Rangarajan Krishnan – Joint Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, and Mr Srikanth 
Gopalakrishnan – Joint Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer. 
Without much ado, I would like to hand over the call to Mr Lakshmipathy Deenadayalan for his 
Opening Remarks, post which we can open the floor for Questions: 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Lakshmipathy Deenadayalan: Yes. Thank you, Raghav. Good evening, everyone. A warm welcome to all the people who are on the 
line. Happy to take you through on the Second Earnings Call for this Financial Year. 
So, let me straightaway jump into the “Operational Numbers and Few Updates” which I wanted to 
share with you all. First, let me take you through on the branches. We have opened 113 branches in 
the September quarter, out of that, 32 are new branches and 77 are split branches. Hope so that you 
people know what the split branch concept what Five Star has put in. Let me repeat, the split branches 
will address the concentration risk in a location. So, we will keep continuing the split branches as we 
go forward. 
Now let me take you to the Disbursement: 
We had a good disbursement of 1,251 crores versus 1,204 crores last September, registering a growth 
of 4% YoY and 1,318 crores in June quarter, which shows a negative growth of 5% QoQ. Yes, we 
have slowed down our disbursement. This is a conscious strategy to moderate our portfolio growth 
for the full year. 
Let me take you to the Portfolio: 
Our portfolio stands at 10,927 crores versus 10,343 crores in June and 8,264 crores in last September, 
registering a 6% QoQ growth and 32% YoY growth. 
Considering the current environment and regulators views what we hear, the board has taken a call to 
slow down the growth. So, our guidance for the financial year '25 will stand at 25%. We will take a 
call in the next financial year. 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 20 
Let me now move towards the Collections: 
We have done well in our collections. Our September quarter collection efficiency was at 98.4% 
comparing with 98.5% in June. And the unique customers collection which we call, “Due One, 
Collect One” was at 97% in September versus 97.2% in June. 
Now, taking you through NPA: 
Our gross Stage-III assets was at 1.47% versus 1.41% which had an increase of 6 bps. At the current 
scenario, we have performed well, both in collections and maintaining a good asset quality. 
Now, let me take you through on the Liability Side: 
We were able to diversify our liability from banks to other forms of borrowing. Srikanth, CFO, will 
speak more about that. On the borrowing cost, the borrowing cost for the quarter was at stable at 
9.65% versus 9.65% last June. Incremental borrowing cost was at 9.52% versus 9.47% with an 
increase of just five bps. 
Now, let me take you through “Other Updates” which I wanted to share with you all: 
• 
First, the rate of interest. In line with our commentary over the last many quarters, we have now 
decided to drop our lending rates on incremental disbursal starting from 1st November 2024 by 
200 bps, that is from 24.5% to 22.5%. I am happy to say this. Since our portfolio is a fixed rate 
portfolio, the spread compression impact will be on the incremental disbursement. 
• 
On the second update which would be more interesting. We have done a bureau scrub of all the 
primary applicants on active loans as on September 2024. Out of our total active loans of 4.3 
lakhs, we find that about 14% of our loans which is 59,000 loans are overleveraged, that is, the 
applicant having three or more loans with other financial institutions. Of the loans, which are 
overleveraged, only above 1,600 loans translating to just 0.4% of the total active loans, have 
exhibited lower collection efficiency in the last six months. Let me repeat, “only 1,600 loans 
translating to just 0.5% of our total active loans have exhibited lower collection efficiency in the 
last six months”. We are monitoring this portfolio very closely and also decided to implement 
stricter underwriting norms for overleveraged loans going forward. 
So, with those updates and the numbers now, I will hand it over to Srikanth to go more deeper into it. 
Thank you. 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
A very good evening to all of you. As Mr Pathy has highlighted, we had a good quarter in the second 
quarter as well despite some sectoral headwinds, especially those that are being faced by the 
unsecured lenders. But we being a fully secured product with strong underwriting and collections 
mechanism, I think we have managed to come out with a good set of results even during this quarter. 
We have an active loan base of 4.3 lakhs. So, we are still not really putting too much of monies into 
the hands of the same borrower but diversifying our portfolio into a much larger base of borrowers. 
Our yields continue to remain consistent at around 24% or so. With the drop in yields that we will be 
doing from 1st November, you will see the incremental yields going down, but for it to get reflected 
in the portfolio will take some time. 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 20 
The cost of funds again remained flat at 9.65%. This is ensured that our spreads have remained flat 
compared to the last quarter. There has been a slight drop in the net interest margin, primarily on 
account of leverage with the quantum of debt going up. 
Our cost-to-income again pretty much stable compared on a sequential quarter and as we've been 
guiding in the past, we expect our cost-to-income and when we mean cost-to-income, we are also 
including the credit cost into this. So, including our credit cost, we will be at about 35% of cost-to-
income even in a steady state scenario. 
Healthy ROA is at around 8.3%. Our ROE has just crossed 19% for the first time. So, this is again on 
anticipated lines, compression in ROA and you'll see ROE sort of going up. 
From a borrowing, we have 43 lenders who have financed to us. As we have guided in the past, we 
are clearly looking at moving towards other than banks to get our debt, and to that extent we have 
onboarded Nippon Mutual Fund and Kotak Mutual Fund as lenders to us. They have subscribed to 
our PTC transaction. Incidentally given that this is a public call and today it could be public news, 
we also had HDFC Mutual Fund and HSBC Mutual Fund subscribing to our PTCs today. 
So, clearly the intent to diversify the borrowings out of the bank is showing a good traction. We have 
dropped on other than bank borrowings from 74% to 70% during this quarter. These come in at 
slightly higher rates, which is why we are seeing the incremental debt coming in at 9.52% as against 
9.47% last quarter. We continue to be good on the liquidity buffer and Unavailed sanction lines. So, 
we had a liquidity buffer of close to 1,700 crores and close to 250 crores of undrawn sanction lines 
from banks and other institutions. 
On the collection efficiency, there was a very marginal dip, which has also contributed to a slight 
increase in our DPDs. But if looked at from the context of what is happening around in the industry, 
I think the numbers that we have delivered are very impressive. 
On the provision coverage, we continue to be attractive. We are maintaining about 1.65% of ECL on 
the overall AUM and about 52% of provision coverage on Stage-III assets. Like we said, we will 
continue to remain cautious on this and build adequate buffers in good times for any contingencies 
that might arise. 
We clocked a PAT of 268 crores for the quarter, which is a growth of about 34% on a YoY and on a 
sequential basis our PAT went up by 6% from 252 crores to 268 crores. Networth is strong at about 
a little over 5,700 crores. So, Mr Pathy has already given the updates. The overleverage issue has not 
really caused much of an issue for Five Star, the borrowers of Five Star are continuing to pay to us. 
So, given all of these things, I think we will continue to remain very focused, remain cautious and 
look at the environment closely before taking any of the decisions, because we all know what is 
happening around. But the silver lining for us is the portfolio of Five Star is continuing to perform 
extremely well and we will continue to keep monitoring this as we go forward. 
So, on that note, we will take a pause, and we will open up for any questions that any of you may 
have. Thank you. 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 20 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of Renish 
from ICICI. Please go ahead. 
Renish: 
Just two things from my side. One, on a few business model changes what we have done, like lower 
growth and a rate cut. So, what kind of profitability impact do you see in FY'25, FY'26 and does it 
also mean that this steady state ROE which you guys might have thought about maybe when we 
started this business? And now given the changes which are sounding more of a structural in nature, 
what kind of ROE this business can now generate going ahead and the short-term impact because of 
the changes? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
So, on the first point, definitely there will be an impact on profitability more so in FY'25 on account 
of the lower growth, because like we said, the yields dropping, will not have much of an impact 
because it's going to be on a very smaller portfolio rather than we have about 11,000 crores of 
portfolio, which are fixed rate and running at a higher rate. But because we would grow about 4%, 
5% lower than what our original guidance was, there will be an impact on profitability. See, we have 
not really worked out our numbers, but I don't think there is going to be a significant compression in 
our ROA. So, given where our assets will end at, I think we should be closer to about 8% of ROA for 
this year. But over a period, I think that definitely will drop to about 6% or so. But, Renish, this is not 
a new information that we are giving to you today. In fact, all the while we have been saying that our 
steady state spreads will be about 12%, which will translate to a steady state ROA of about 6% or so. 
So, on a steady state, there is actually no change in our guidance, only change will probably be on the 
growth. But at this point of time, we are not giving you growth guidance for a longer term. Like Mr 
Pathy said, the 25% growth is for this year, but we will continue to keep monitoring how things 
change, and growth is something that we can always fine-tune as we go forward. So, I don't think 
there is an issue from a steady state ROA, ROE as against what we have been talking. It is just that 
maybe it will happen in a little more faster manner than the sort of gradual manner that we highlighted 
you maybe when we have been meeting with you in the past. 
Renish: 
We don't see any risk to our 12% steady state. 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
At this point of time, no, Renish. Today, I think the way that the environment is changing, while we 
can be as proactive as possible, there are times when we will have to be reactive. But at this point of 
time, we don't really see a challenge to our 12% spreads. 
Renish: 
My second question is on the borrower base, right? So, given the kind of things flows what we are 
getting on the MFI side and given our ticket sizes, maybe if you can just clarify what percentage of 
our borrowers base are having MFI loans and how is the behavior of that pool? And link to that, do 
you foresee any, let's say collection challenge in that pool aspects actually the ones who might have 
two, three, four other MFI loans? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
So, Renish, just to give you a little bit of context, what we have been telling even in the past, our 
belief and today with data stands lot vindicated, is the fact that the borrowers have not seen a 
compression in their incomes. But obviously there is some level of overleveraging that has happened. 
So, what is happening is, people are starting to prioritize and in the order of their priority, we stand 
almost on top so which means that they are repaying us. And out of this scrub which we have done, 
we see that about roughly 30% of our borrowers also have an active microfinance loan as we speak. 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 20 
While we have not looked at what kind of delinquencies those microfinance institutions are facing, 
we would just have an overall number and not an institution wise number. But even on the portfolio 
where there is a microfinance overlap, we have not seen any deterioration. So, the lower collection 
efficiency that we are seeing is just on about 0.4% of our base, which is about 1,600 loans. So, at this 
point of time, we don't believe that the issues that are being faced by the microfinance companies 
from their borrowers, the similar borrowers are prioritizing us and repaying us without any issue and 
there is no early warning signal or whatever it is that this could also percolate to our portfolio. But 
like we said, we will continue to keep monitoring the overleveraged portfolio very closely and be 
ready for any actions if they are warranted. 
Lakshmipathy Deenadayalan: So, Renish, let me repeat and give confidence to the listeners. Five Star in the last 22 years, see, we 
have seen five crises starting from Andhra crises what happened to MFI and then reborn, then COVID 
and COVID-2 and now what we all call as overleverage crisis. In all the above 4 crises, Five Star 
came out very successfully because I keep repeating, even though we lend to middle and lower 
middle-class people, during the stress time, they prioritize whom to pay, whom not to pay. So, that is 
why you see the other players who are suffering, whereas the mortgage players like housing and us 
are comfortably placed because of strong security what we have and our collection infrastructure what 
we have put at the ground level, both are giving a good result in this quarter, and I hope and I am 
confident that this will continue till this gets settled. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Viral Shah from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Viral Shah: 
I had two questions. One is that with regards to the growth rate percentage specifically, which is 25%, 
is there any logic behind that or is this just based on the discussion with the regulator or the feedback 
that you would have gotten? 
Lakshmipathy Deenadayalan: See, as I said in opening remarks, board has considered the current environment and regulators view, 
which you and me hear from all sources. So, Board has taken a very conservative call that to slow 
down the growth in this overleverage time. So, we feel that our board has taken a right call and not 
grow at the time when everyone speak about overleveraging. So, we have taken a call to step down a 
growth a bit from 30% what we said to 25% for this financial year. As I said in opening remarks, we 
will revisit this in the next financial year when we feel and when the board feels the environment is 
good we will go back to our stronger growth as we have been doing in the past. 
Viral Shah: 
My second question is that you mentioned that the 14% of your portfolio is basically overleveraged. 
Is this on a value basis or on volume basis like is it in number of the customers or by value of the 
loans that these customers have with you? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
So, this is on the basis of number of accounts, Viral, not on value. In fact, on value it will be slightly 
lower than this also, because if they have taken so many loans our loans also will not be at let's say 
3.5, 4 lakhs. So, our amount would have been lesser. So, this is on an account basis. We have not 
done the analysis for the value, but very clearly, at the value basis, this number will be smaller. 
Viral Shah: 
Also, because there would have also been a rundown on your exposures will be lower level. But as a 
corollary to that, if we get a color in terms of the definition that you use for the overleverage customer, 
is that they have three or more other loans, do you have color on what are these other loans, are they 
secured, unsecured, what is the value of the outstanding of other loans, any of those things? 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 20 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
So, again primarily unsecured, Viral. So, we have seen overlaps with MFI, overlaps with gold loans, 
overlaps with vehicle loans and agri kind of loans. The overlap with LAP, housing or secured business 
loans are very, very small. And typically, the number is, yes, like we said 30% overlaps with the 
microfinance and maybe a similar overlap with gold, rest of the overlaps are smaller than 30%. 
Viral Shah: 
When you mention that this overlap with vehicle loans, which vehicle, you mean to the two wheelers? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
Two wheelers. Yes. Some CVs could be there, but predominantly two wheelers. 
Viral Shah: 
When you mentioned the LAP or the housing piece, do these borrowers have another house or the 
property against which they would have taken this? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
They should be having Viral, because we don't do any paripassu charge, it's an exclusive charge. So, 
if they have taken money from us on one property and if they have taken another housing loan, it 
should be on a different property. Like I said, the numbers are extremely small. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manik Bansal from Master Capital Services Limited. Please go 
ahead. 
Manik Bansal: 
So, I am having a question on like average loan to value ratio has reduced from 40.5% in Q1 to 39% 
in Q2, which means that underlying collateral increased around 2,200 crores, loan book increase of 
583 crores. What can be the possible reason? Is the bank focusing on prudent lending? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
So, the growth has slowed, right, the disbursal is lower. And on an LTV basis, when the loans run 
down, we don't revalue the collateral, but even assuming the same collateral value when the loan runs 
down, obviously, there will be a drop in the LTV. And when you are not adding higher LTVs at the 
pace that you have been adding in the past, this number will continue to keep dropping. So, you will 
always see a portfolio in a lower growth phase the portfolio LTV will continue to keep dropping a bit 
quarter-on-quarter. 
Manik Bansal: 
We added 113 new branches this quarter, right? But the company's loan portfolio has grown by about 
583 crores only in Q2. What can be the possible reason for this slower growth? 
Rangarajan Krishnan: 
So, Manik, we have clarified that most of these branches are split branches. So, split branches 
essentially one larger branch getting broken into two so that does not automatically increase your 
business outcome or portfolio. So, it's more a risk management measure which we've been explaining 
in the past few quarters. So, over the last quarter specifically, we had focused on most of the branches, 
which have more than 1,500 loans and that's the effort which has happened. So, almost 77 branches, 
out of the 113 that we have opened are split branch category. Also, the other point to note is when 
you open a new branch, it takes at least three to six months for the branch to stabilize. So, these are 
investments that we are doing now and over a period of time, these will yield results. So, it's not an 
immediate and automatic increase in business. 
Manik Bansal: 
The securitization portfolio has grown from 14% to 18%. So, there's a 4% increase on securitized 
borrowing. And as the company's con call shows that we have onboarded Kotak Mutual Fund and 
Nippon Mutual Fund. So, will this impact the cost of funds in the coming quarters? 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
Sorry, we missed. What is the question? 
Manik Bansal: 
So, will this impact the cost of funds or the overall borrowing mix? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
Like I said, Manik, this is slightly at a premium compared to our, let's say bank borrowing, but we 
are very clear that we want to diversify our borrowing sources. So, we end up paying about 20, 25 
basis points premium on this. But generally, the way these things work is it will typically be higher 
cost in initial transactions, but once they get comfort, subscribing to our portfolios and seeing the 
performance, we are hoping that at some point of time the cost will start going down. So, we don't 
really see a long-term impact of these transactions on the cost of funds, but for getting the 
diversification impact, we have paid a little bit of premium. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Srikanth Sir, firstly I just wanted to understand, I am seeing on our slide 6, NIMs have expanded by 
almost 20 basis points QoQ. Is that the right observation? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
Yes, Abhijit NIMs have been expanded a little bit. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
I mean, how should we understand this, because I mean, all along what our understanding is there are 
no yield increases that you are taking, on top of that. I mean I would say cost of borrowings what 
you've reported is also largely stable and leverage is indeed going up. What explains this NIM 
expansion? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
So, last point is where the difference is. The leverage for this quarter has actually come down a little 
bit. While it's not material, but if you look at our debt-equity, it's come down from 1.23 to 1.20. So, 
the pace of net worth growth is higher than the pace of the borrowing growth. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Obviously, I mean audit for the last year I am guessing would have happened by now. I mean in 
addition to the industry loan growth and pricing that you have spoken about, any other observations 
in the RBI audit? 
Lakshmipathy Deenadayalan: Abhijit, I have not said this is the outcome of the RBI audit. I said the board has taken a clear view 
and what commentary that we have been saying for the last quarters based on that, the rate of interest 
has been reduced, 200 bps, which we have been saying to the market for some quarters and we have 
done it now with the approval of the board and this gets effected from 1st November. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
But what I was trying to understand, Pathy, sir, is the audit is over now, there are no observations 
from RBI, right, is what I am saying. 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
FY’23 inspection report has come. There are no material observations. There are qualitative 
observations obviously how we can strengthen our process around the complaints management. So, 
there are qualitative observations, and we have very clearly taken those suggestions from RBI and we 
have implemented most of it and given compliance to RBI also. FY'24 has also been completed, but 
we have still not got the final report from RBI. Our interaction with the inspection team during the 
inspection leads us to believe that there are no red flags, there are going to be no major observations 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 20 
or inspection findings. But again, we will just want to wait for the final report to come in before we 
give you a very clear answer. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
I wanted to understand while you have already articulated this 200 basis points cut in our incremental 
lending rates that we are taking will obviously not have too much of an impact on yields this year, 
but given that, I mean in the past you have said, roughly around 25% to 27% of our existing loan 
book runs down every year, how will this impact come into the portfolio yields over a course of time? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
Over a period of time, what you are reading as 24%, 24.1% today will go down much more quicker 
than what we have been guiding in the past. So, that's what I answered Renish also initially. The 
impact will be on the faster pace of yield coming down on the book than what we had guided. So, 
originally we were thinking that the book will start being at around incremental yields in three years, 
but maybe today that could probably be in FY'26/27 you will start seeing some impact which is more 
sharper than what we would have guided. So, '25 I think we will largely be around 24% or slightly 
lower than that, but in '26-27 the drop will be a little more sharper than what we have been guiding 
in the past. 
Lakshmipathy Deenadayalan: So, Abhijit, let me reiterate what Srikanth said earlier. So, our long-term guidance, three years, five 
years down the line, we will be in the spreads of around 12% and our return on assets will be around 
6% and that's the steady state scenario that we are looking for. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dinesh from Finsite. Please go ahead. 
Dinesh: 
My question is I would like to know we have split the branches and if I remember you mentioned in 
the previous call that we would like to reduce the number of employees per branch from somewhere 
around say like 20-odd we have right now from. What kind of a number we are looking at like, I mean 
will it be somewhere in the range of 10 to 12 because definitely some of the employees will get split, 
right? 
Rangarajan Krishnan: 
Dinesh, on a steady state, yes, we expect once the branch reaches what we call as an ideal branch 
kind of a scenario it will have an average of about 10 to 11. 
Dinesh: 
So, second question, I mean on the same line, we are increasing our branches, we are definitely adding 
more employees here and we are reducing our interest rates maybe like whatever 200 basis points 
and we know the situation is very tough. What kind of situation actually is this out in the market and 
we are reducing our growth targets as well like I mean, are we expecting the situation will become 
even worse in the next maybe 2-3 quarters or are you seeing maybe the last signs of  the revival are 
there, if you could just give on the overall macro what's your view? 
Rangarajan Krishnan: 
Dinesh, I will add a couple of things, probably invite Srikanth also to add his viewpoints. I think the 
first point on the interest rates, we have repeated multiple times even as part of this call like this is a 
well-articulated strategy that we have had, and we have been sort of talking about this for the last few 
quarters. The spreads that we had additionally enjoyed was because of the lower borrowing cost and 
we were waiting for the most appropriate time to pass this on. And today the board has given us the 
final approval and we are going ahead with passing of about 200 basis points benefit to the customer. 
So, this is exactly as we have anticipated and this does not deviate from any of the guidance that we 
have given on the spreads part. So, that's clear. The second part I want to also reiterate is that we are 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 20 
not seeing any stress scenario from our books at this point of time. And the bureau scrub that we have 
done is additionally giving us the confidence that if at all we will have to look at overleveraged 
customers who are sort of not behaving well with us from a collections perspective, it's hardly about 
0.4% of the portfolio, well in control, and anyway the situation is getting very, very closely monitored 
including some tightening of underwriting process as we proceed. But while things within your 
control are fairly okay, but there will also be scenarios that you have to watch out for from 
macroeconomics perspective and what's happening in the sector. So, the call to reduce the growth 
rate from about 25% now is more in line with what we are seeing around us rather than what we are 
seeing within us at this point of time. And Mr Pathy has very clearly sort of detailed that out is that 
we are not revising any long-term guidance. We are revising the growth guidance given for this year 
and we will of course wait and watch as to how the situation evolves and take a call appropriately at 
the end of this financial year. 
Dinesh: 
My last point is on the things we discussed. We mentioned about overleveraged loans maybe around 
1,600 accounts, right? My question is how do you come to know like did we give the loan them 
towards the end like they have already borrowed from some other MFI and then we gave the loans or 
what is the sequence of loans that have you done that study as well like I mean they were already 
overleveraged and then we gave the loans because I want to understand the collection efficiency of 
this particular 1,600 accounts, below the average or what's the situation out there? 
Rangarajan Krishnan: 
So, Dinesh, both the scenarios are possible. Firstly, let me clarify that at the time of sanctioning of 
the loan, any loans that they would have had outstanding at that point of time, we would have taken 
it into account before sanctioning our loan both from a DBR perspective and from our own risk 
management perspective. So, that's clear. But especially with respect to unsecured loans, you cannot 
stop any of these people to go and borrow from unsecured loans and that's where the overleverage is 
sort of creeping up in the sector. So, I don't have an exact answer how much proportion of this 1,600 
had three loans or more at the time of sanction and how much borrowed one more loan post sanction. 
So, today it stands put together about 1,600. But if I were to take a guess, it will be more than 50% 
of people would have taken a loan after we have sanctioned rather than the other way out. 
Dinesh: 
But has this impacted our collection efficiency because it has marginally gone down, right, the risk 
is there, right? 
Rangarajan Krishnan: 
Yes, the risk is there. That's why we are sort of isolating this 1,600 loans and then monitoring closely. 
Srikanth can give some more color about 1,600 loans. 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
So, see, even on this 1,600 loans, it's not like none of these guys have paid any time during this six 
months. There are customers who have been paying maybe two installments, three installments during 
this period. But we are definitely seeing drop in collection efficiency which means there is some level 
of issue at their cash flow level which is why we are monitoring this portfolio. See, the other point 
what you said, at the time of underwriting we have a very stringent mechanism in terms of not going 
beyond 50% debt burden ratio. So, when you take all of that, it's little unlikely to presume that these 
customers would have had all this overleverage even at the time of underwriting the loan. So, it's 
more likely that they would have actually taken the loan post we are sanctioning the loan and that's 
what Mr Pathy also alluded, right, in the personal loan there is no security. So, for others to just come 
and give the loan is a lot more easier than when you are doing a secured loan where it can typically 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 20 
be only one lender who can give. So, when there is a little bit of laxity in the discipline in the entire 
lending ecosystem, everybody in the ecosystem tends to get affected. The good part is the effect on 
us has been extremely marginal and unlike many other players who have suffered big on the collection 
efficiency drops or credit cost or NPAs going up, the impact that we have seen is almost close to 
nothing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak Institutional Equities. Please go 
ahead. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
On the credit cost side, I know we are slowing down looking at what's happening around, but given 
the ECL coverage that we are sitting right now, which is closer to 1.6%, do you think it is required 
that we kind of just inch it up a little bit and build a little bit of a buffer, let's say that something that 
you would have done during COVID or any of the stress periods? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
If you look at between the last quarter and the current quarter, it has inched up by about two basis 
points, while obviously you may think that this number is not a big number but the ECL model also 
gives us not too much flexibility to sort of keep pushing these numbers especially when you have 
strong PDs and LGDs, but yes, we are fairly in sync with the thoughts that you have echoed that we 
will continue to keep monitoring this portfolio and wherever there is a possibility available to us to 
push up some of these numbers, we will continue to keep doing. So, our ECL will always be at an 
appropriate level depending on how the portfolio is behaving. The bigger impact for us is on the LGD. 
So, even if the loan becomes default, kind of loss that we suffer. And I can give you a number, if you 
sort of put a weighted average LGD on the loans that have turned default, it's at around 10%, while 
if you look at Stage-III, we are holding almost 52% of provision coverage. So, it's a very high number 
that we are holding. While it maybe a little archaic from a comparison perspective, but if you look at 
this to the IRAC provisions that's required, we are almost sitting on 100, 120 crores of additional 
provisions. We had a very detailed discussion, and I think all of us including the management, the 
board and the auditors feel this is a very appropriate level of provision that we are sitting on. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And are there any covenants with banks on net NPA or any of that? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
There are covenants, Nischint, , but those are more like 3-4% nowhere near our current levels. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
I think what you mentioned is that you have around 46,000 odd customers who have more than three 
loans. Is that what you mentioned? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
It's about 58,000. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Total customers as of now are? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
About 4.3 lakhs. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And what we are then saying is that out of these, around 1,600 are the ones who probably have 
exhibited some stress? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
Correct. So, it is 4.3 lakhs, out of which about 13.7%, 58,000 customers who have three or more 
loans. Out of this 58,000 customers, 1,600 customers have seen some lower collection efficiencies, 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 20 
which could possibly indicate towards some stress in their cash flows and we are monitoring that 
portfolio. So, on an overall basis, it translates to about 0.4%. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And just a little bit of a waterfall on the steady state 6% ROA that we are looking at. If you could 
give some color on that? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
The way that we are looking at is about 12% spread, which will mean about 14% to 15% of net 
interest margin at let's say 3, 3.5x kind of a leverage. From there, if we are looking at maybe about 
5%, 5.5% of OPEX and about a percentage of credit cost, we will broadly be at about 8.5% of pre-
tax profit, on a post-tax basis it should be about 6%. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
3, 3.5 times of equity is something which we agreed with the lender? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
See, it's comfortable at the lender level and with the kind of profits that we also keep generating, we 
would want to get there first before moving to the next level. 3, 3.5 times is a very, very comfortable 
number for lenders, rating agencies and the external stakeholders. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aravind from Sundaram Alternates. Please go ahead. 
Aravind: 
One question is so we have revised down our guidance on growth. Like if I back work, I could see 
like disbursements has to be flattish or even go down a bit in comparison to the second quarter. Like 
if that is going to be the case, would we slow down on the branch addition or is my understanding 
right? 
Rangarajan Krishnan: 
So, Aravind, branch addition is more a long-term strategy of the company. You will have to keep a 
lot of things into consideration including, putting up the distribution network, infrastructure, the 
people that you want to put in a branch and the risk management. So, it's not about the quarter-on-
quarter growth or in terms of adjusting based on the specific disbursement requirement of a company 
for a particular quarter. So, our branch expansions are more from a perspective that we have to 
become a company with larger distribution outlets, and we are also becoming a lot more well risk 
managed company. So, that has no direct impact on quarter-on-quarter disbursements. So, we will 
continue to do it. And usually also if you look at our historical track record we always upfront the 
branch addition. So, any branches that we wanted to put, it will obviously be much higher in the first 
half of the year rather than in the second half of the year which is what you are seeing even now. So, 
you will automatically not see us expanding branches in the same pace in the second half of this year, 
which is in line with what we have been doing for the last few years. 
Aravind: 
On the slowdown in disbursements, what kind of additional guardrails in terms of underwriting are 
we going to take like because we are going to slowdown disbursements, like, are we going to require 
a much more comfort on LTV or like DBR like what are the things that we are going to do like in the 
near term? 
Rangarajan Krishnan: 
So, Aravind, broadly, two, three things we have identified certain pockets where the stress could 
potentially get built. It could be based on a profile of customer, or it could also be based on the 
leverage of these customers. So, for these cases, we will definitely be tightening the underwriting 
norms both in terms of LTVs and DBR. So, that's the first step. And second, if we are also seeing any 
collection inefficiencies in particular pockets, there we will be tightening the entire credit 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 20 
underwriting norms in a much more stringent manner than what we are normally doing for the other 
part of the portfolio. So, we will take a call based on what we are seeing. The bureau scrub gives us 
a lot more insights and we will be using that to form the basis of underwriting principles. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chandrasekhar Sridhar from Fidelity International. Please go 
ahead. 
C Sridhar: 
I have a few questions. So, when you dropped the disbursement rate from November and 
disbursements are really going to be weak in the second half given your sort of a number. I mean, if 
you look historically, I mean typically 40%, 45% of your AUM is contributed by that year 
disbursements, that number is actually going to be pretty minimal for this year, and even if we move 
it to next year, the impact is not going to be very significant So, I am a little curious to understand 
why you are saying that sort of we will get to 12% spreads on an accelerated fashion, especially when 
the disbursement growth is slowing down and the impact on AUM in anyways on 12 months is not 
particularly significant. And obviously coupled with that 70% of the borrowings are variable 12 
months out. Even if you have a 25-bps rate cut, it means sort of we get some maybe 8 to 10 bps or 15 
bps some sort of an advantage on the borrowing cost. So, just curious to understand how you sort of 
get to 12% spreads in two years? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
So, Chandra, what we guided is for this year it will be at 25%. For next year, we are not predicating 
these numbers on a 25% growth. Hopefully, there will be some betterment of conditions and we could 
look at a different growth. But if you are going to grow at 25%, let us say for the next three years if 
the environment is going to stay where it is and we will have to grow only 25%, then I agree with 
your point, it may not happen in two years. In our guidances that we gave, we have not factored in 
for any of the rate decreases part. Because I think we also believe that if there is a rate drop by the 
RBI and our spreads are sort of inching up, we would want to continue to keep passing these rate 
benefits to the customers. We would like to operate at around 12% spread in a steady state scenario. 
So, the question is not whether the spread will go up. The question is we would want to keep the 
spread at around 12%. The only variable in that is the impact of the existing fixed rate book of about 
10,900 crores. How that is sort of going to run down and how the new disbursals come in. There I 
agree with you if the growth rate continues to be slow, then yes, two years may not be a point, it may 
get pushed even beyond that. But if we are able to get to a little better growth rate in the years to 
come, maybe we will be able to accelerate that a little bit. 
C Sridhar: 
You are not ruling out more than 200 bps. You are starting off at 200, at some point in time, maybe 
12 months out, if you get a further rate cut, you'll just pass it on further disbursements? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
Yes, we will continue to keep evaluating the scenario and give the benefit to the borrowers. We don't 
want to unduly increase our spreads. We would like to operate around the 12% spread and the sooner 
that we can get there I think that's also a comfort internally as well as for the regulator. 
C Sridhar: 
The OPEX is also largely sort of disbursement-driven business, I mean, if the disbursement growth 
itself slowdown, so wondering how do we start thinking, you said 5%, 5%, curious to understand, I 
mean ideally if your disbursements slows down your OPEX should actually start slowing down? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
Our OPEX is a little more skewed towards fixed, Chandra, rather than variable. So, while the 
incentives are variable and are linked towards the disbursals, the proportion of the variable as a 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 20 
component of the overall salary is more like about 30%, 35%. So, there is a 65%, 70% component 
that is fixed. So, even if there is a slowdown in disbursal you'll have to see that. In fact, if you currently 
look at it, our OPEX is not even at about 5.5% or so, it's lower, but we are not even assuming any 
scale benefit to come through there. For the current quarter, the OPEX is about 5.1%. But I am even 
assuming a little higher number because if the disbursal continues to remain slow, maybe the benefit 
of scale may not come through. So, it's actually the other way than what you are thinking. Our OPEX 
is not much variable, it's about 60% fixed. 
C Sridhar: 
Just when you put out a credit cost number sort of steady state in your ROE of 100 bps, I mean you 
said that your LGD historically has been 10%. Just curious trying to put the two and two somehow 
don't make sense together when you are talking about that. I guess it will be the sort of worst-case 
scenario you would be thinking of in terms of credit cost, right, unless basically you want to up your 
PCR to a certain substantially higher level? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
See, there is a buffer built there. Let me not disagree with that. It is also a question of how does the 
numbers look like when the portfolio start getting seasoned. See, what happens, when the growth rate 
slows, is that some of these things that we probably have not seen in the last five, seven years could 
probably come through. So, we are making necessary allowances for all of that. So, if the portfolio 
seasons, are we going to start looking at some of these things and when there are more of legal actions 
that we take, would that mean that there will be a little more discount that we will have to give to the 
customer, which means the LGD which is at 10% today will probably go up. So, some of these are 
points that we actually assume when we put out a 1% rate. But you are right, the 1% rate is probably 
on the higher end of the range. What we typically guide is about 75 to 100 basis points. When I gave 
you the ROA tree, I took the higher end of the range. 
C Sridhar: 
What's the write-off number for the quarter? My calculated number is about 10 crores. 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
It's about Rs.11 crores for the current quarter vis-à-vis Rs.7 crores for last quarter. So, for the full 
year, we have written off of about Rs.18 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Pal from MSC Capital Partners. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Pal: 
Sir, wanted to understand that now on the ground any issue that you are seeing, are there any particular 
geographical pockets that you want to call out where you are seeing a lot of stress? 
Rangarajan Krishnan: 
No specific geographical pockets, Aditya. I think the bureau scrub gave us some insights in terms of 
particular category of customers, but it is not concentrated to any single geography. 
Aditya Pal: 
And sir, a broader point would be that is this a longer-term issue that you are seeing because what we 
are hearing from the listed microfinance entities that by Q4 the balance sheet of the customers should 
be fine with the good monsoon and income picking up in the rural areas. Anything that you want to 
highlight over there? 
Lakshmipathy Deenadayalan: Aditya, my hope is this is not going to be a longer-term issues. When the microfinance companies 
slowed down their growth, when they are very clearer on whom to lend, how to lend, this scenario, 
that is we call that as overleverage scenario will slowly come down and it will die soon. We are 
hoping for that. And regulators also are taking tighter norms on the unsecured loans. So, I don't see 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 20 
this panning out for a longer period of time. It's going to be a shorter period of time. The board has 
taken a very clear call. During the shorter period of time, let's focus more on collections and credit 
underwriting rather than growing at this overleveraged time. So, that's why we have brought down 
our growth. So, my hope is it should be shorter, not more than two quarters from now. 
Aditya Pal: 
Another question was that, so now we are splitting our branches, how long do you foresee where we 
are splitting our branches and then finally we will be following the organic branch growth, whether 
this entire program is completed? 
Rangarajan Krishnan: 
Aditya, the split branch concept is not for growth. That's for addressing the concentration risk at a 
particular location. We have been explaining in a few quarters that when a branch grows beyond a 
size, we don't want the bunch of our employees in the same location and bunch of our customers in 
the same location. So, to address the concentration risk, we are splitting that branch into two. So, the 
accounts are equally split, the employees are equally split. So, the growth will be as normal. Don't 
take these branches as new branches because those are old branches where the concentration risk is 
being put in place. The new branches which we opened 36 and which we will open as we go forward 
that will drive the growth much faster. 
Lakshmipathy Deenadayalan: But, Aditya, if I were to just add a little more context to it because I understood your question slightly 
differently. You are probably asking us how long when we come back to you and say the entire 
branches are split and it is we are done with it. 
Aditya Pal: 
Exactly. 
Rangarajan Krishnan: 
We started this about in a more focused manner about two quarters back and we don't want to do all 
of it together. So, we are very choosy and careful in terms of how much we can do in a particular 
quarter and which states to focus in a particular quarter, like for example, this quarter, we focussed 
extremely well on Tamil Nadu, in Q1, we focussed a little bit more on AP. So, we will split it out in 
such a manner that we are able to digest it well without any undue risks at the ground level. We are 
right now focusing on any branch which has more than 1,500 customers. So, that's the first port of 
call. Once we are done with it, then we will get down to any branch which has sort of more than 1,000 
accounts. So, I think in about two to three quarters, we should have been done with most of the splits 
which are already pending at this point of time. Beyond that, it will only be incrementally, and 
organically whichever branch gets to that stage, we will get to a split stage. So, it's not going to be 
accelerated like what you are seeing now. 
Aditya Pal: 
So, by mid-FY'26, should have been completed and we can start putting on an organic growth basis? 
Rangarajan Krishnan: 
Correct. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Seeraj Khan, who is an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Seeraj Khan: 
First question is with respect to our borrowing mix, how much is linked to the floating rate, the 
external EBLR, MCLR what is the percentage of it? 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
We have given this number. So, roughly about 35% is what is the floating rate book, which is typically 
either linked to about 37% is fixed, I am sorry not variable, about 63% is the variable rate which is 
linked to MCLR or EBLR. 
Seeraj Khan: 
One of the earlier questions that was asked with respect to which of the states the bureau scrub 
showing any stress? I didn't catch that. Were there any specific states that are maybe in our core 
geography that are showing our stress? 
Rangarajan Krishnan:             No, we answered it earlier also. So, we are not seeing any geographical concentration of stress. The 
stress is more about the particular category of borrowers who are showing overleverage rather than 
any geographical concentration. 
Seeraj Khan: 
In the states like Rajasthan, Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh, new branches that we have opened, how many 
were in these states? How much of a learning curve do you see and when do you start to see any one 
of these or maybe all of these becoming core geographies? 
Rangarajan Krishnan: 
So, just to answer, I think in the last quarter in Maharashtra, we opened 8 branches. So, we have not 
opened any other location. So, Maharashtra is only new learning state where we opened eight 
branches, and in the previous quarter, we sort of commented that in Maharashtra we are seeing very 
good signs of growth at this point of time, we have had more than four to five years of experience in 
the state and you will see us a little bit growing in a more accelerated phase in Maharashtra. So, 
Maharashtra is coming of age in that sense from a learning state to becoming one of our important 
states. The other states will take a little more time for us. 
Seeraj Khan: 
Incrementally, are we seeing a higher growth in the ticket size because gradually our ticket size on 
an overall basis has increased. So, how much of this is natural and how much of it is purely credit 
hunger that is there in the system? 
Rangarajan Krishnan: 
See, for us most of the ticket size growth has only been natural and more inflation-driven. So, we are 
still continuing to maintain about 3.5 lakhs ticket size which is what we were pre-COVID and we 
have been guiding you that any ticket size increases will largely be inflation-driven rather than 
anything else. Yes, you are right in the sense that this profile of customers are credit hungry, but we 
are not changing our underwriting practices. So, we will only go with what we are comfortable with 
and from a ticket size perspective it will only be inflation-driven for us. 
Seeraj Khan: 
And finally, with respect to the credit cost, you had said it was 11 crores for the current quarter, 7 
crores for the previous quarter. Was that correct? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
That's only the write-off, it's not the credit cost. Write-off is 11 crores for current quarter and 7 crores 
for last quarter. 
Seeraj Khan: 
And a final data keeping one. What was the sanction to disbursement and the login to the sanction 
ratio in amount and the size if you could share? 
Rangarajan Krishnan: 
So, they have not seen any big differences. The usual login to sanction ratio is about 75% for us and 
sanction to disbursement ratio is close to 95%. So, these ratios are at similar levels at this point. 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Seeraj Khan: 
So, we should look for value of loan and cases or is it different? 
Rangarajan Krishnan: 
More value, but these numbers are very close to each other. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya from Securities Investment Management. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya: 
We have taken this decision to cut our disbursal yield by 200 bps. But sir, in the previous quarter's 
concall we are looking for a rate cut of around 50 to 75 bps. So, what has led to this decision of 
increasing the rate cut? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
So, I think Mr Pathy sort of alluded to this that we have always been wanting to operate at around 
12% spread, but what's happening in the external environment, the views of the regulators in terms 
of what we are hearing on the public domain, so some of these things have made us to take a call 
where we are cutting the rates a little more sharply than what we have been guiding in the past. So, 
we want to get close to the 12% spread as soon as possible rather than sort of waiting it out and getting 
it in a more gradual manner. 
Aditya: 
And has that been nudged by the regulatory authority to cap the rate at which we can give the loan to 
the borrowers? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
There has been public commentary by the regulators, which all of us are aware of, and in some 
interactions they have also been sort of trying to understand the reasoning behind the rate that we are 
charging to the customers and they have had some inputs, while they've not really pushed or nudged 
or forced us to do any of these things, but we are taking it more on our own, but at the same time we 
believe that this will also put us in the good books of the regulator. See, at the same time our spread 
being at 12%, two, three years back and today it's at 14%, doesn't really gel in well. And this is the 
guidance where we've been consistent. Aditya. We want to get back to the 12% levels. Today, we 
want to get back to that in a little more quicker manner. So, that is why it's a decision to cut the rates 
a little more sharply. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manav, who is an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Manav: 
Sir, as you said that your AUM growth will be slowed down by now because in Q1 it was around 
30% and now you have said around 25%. So, what will be the disbursement growth for this year 
FY'25? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
So, Manav, what we have always been saying is, don't get too focused on the disbursal growth because 
the disbursal growth is not the only determinant, while it's definitely a pointer towards the AUM 
growth, it's not the only determinant. The way we will sort of fine-tune our disbursement growth is 
depending on how the runoffs also stack up. We will ensure that we do adequate disbursals to get to 
the AUM growth that we want. So, while the disbursal growth may not be much for this year, our 
thought process is most likely you will probably see a flattish disbursal in the second half or maybe 
a very small increase compared to H1. So, if we do a flattish disbursal, we will probably end up with 
about 5,200 crores of disbursal for the full year as against about 4,800, 4,900 last year which will 
mean like a 10%, 12% disbursement growth translating to about 25% AUM growth. So, it also 
depends on what is the vintage of the portfolio, what kind of runoffs are we seeing on the portfolio. 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 20 
So, our point is don't get too glued on to the disbursal growth. That will be determined by the company 
in order to achieve the 25% AUM growth that we are guiding you. 
Manav: 
Sir, on the ROE numbers, on a long-term basis, you said that ROA will be around 6% and the leverage 
now I think around 2.2, 2.3. So, what will the ROA numbers be shaping up for the next one to two 
years? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
So, see, this year we are not seeing too much of a compression in ROA because the rate drops that 
we are doing is only happening maybe for about five months of disbursals. So, there will be some 
compression, but our steady state guidance, Manav, is which we are thinking in about two to three 
years it will happen. What we are saying is the ROA will drop to about 6% and depending on where 
the leverage is at that point of time, the ROE will be a determinant number. 
Manav: 
Can I assume that ROE would be around 21%, 22% in two, three years time? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
See, if the leverage is around 3, 3.5, it's anywhere around 20% to 22%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Viral Shah from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Viral Shah: 
I had a question with regards to the comment again that you had mentioned about the overleverage 
portfolio and also what is happening in the environment, especially when customers are going out 
and taking a loan after you have, say, given a loan. So, at a sector level, in case of MFIs we have seen 
that MFIN has now come out with a regulation stating that the loans need to be capped at four lenders. 
Similarly, have you internally thought about capping, bringing in some say underwriting norm when 
you onboard the customers or conversely is this under discussion with MFIN to ensure that this kind 
of lending after some other lender has lent does not happen, not just on MFI loans, but even any other 
loans? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
See, whereas MFIN can control the MFI loans, I don't think MFIN can control any of the other loans. 
What we are saying is we will put some stricter underwriting norms whether we want to disburse 
loans to overleveraged customers or do we want to cap lower LTV, DBR and all that. I think a lot 
more will be driven by internal decisions. See, unfortunately, unlike MFIN, we don't have a common 
regulatory body for the other forms of NBFC, because there are multiple kinds of lenders, there can 
be business loan lenders, vehicle lenders and all that. So, I think we will put some internal norms. We 
are not really looking at an MFIN kind of directive to come for us, but we will definitely tighten our 
underwriting norms. 
Viral Shah: 
Sorry, Srikanth. My other comment was with regards to have you represented to MFIN because many 
of these customers have gone out and taken a loan after you have given a loan, and in most of those 
cases it's MFI. I understand for us. There will be other kind of lenders, you don't have this SRO kind 
of body, but at least for MFIN can you ask them not just say 4 MFI loans but any of the four loans. 
so MFI lenders don't lend up giving loans to your kind of customers? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
No. Viral, I think MFIN has already taken some action. So, we will see how that pans out. But it's a 
good suggestion. Let's see. I think we can go and suggest, then MFIN take is also a point. But I think 
it's a good suggestion. We will keep it in our minds. If we are able to reach out to MFIN senior people 
level, we will definitely do that. 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Given that, I mean, you started doing PTCs and seeing good reception from Nippon, Kotak and one 
more mutual fund that you spoke about. At some point in time will we also consider doing direct 
assignments to banks? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
There is no compulsion for us to do direct assignment. Our capital adequacy is very good. At this 
point of time we are not really looking at doing direct assignments because you know this, we have 
always been a company which wants to have the assets on our balance sheet. In fact, we started doing 
PTC only after Ind AS came into picture, because that allows us to hold the assets on our balance 
sheet. So, at this point of time, I think there is not a very serious thought internally to do direct 
assignments, but we will keep our eyes and ears open. So, if there is a benefit that the company can 
derive based on direct assignments, we can look at it. But anyway given that we are a held-to-maturity 
portfolio, we can't do that in big quantums. So, at best it can probably be about 6% to 8% of our 
overall book. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dinesh from Finsite. Please go ahead. 
Dinesh: 
Sir, I have a very specific question here. We are doing pretty well in terms of the PAT number which 
is around 250 crores plus for the quarter. Can we expect to cross 1,000 crores mark in this financial 
year, is it possible? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
Yes. 
Dinesh: 
Sir, I have a suggestion here because I was going through our deck on the page 58, we give a very 
detailed account of like number of employees headcount, because being an investor here, I 
understand. I would rather suggest we should not give this in so much detail, because since we are 
running our operations so well, some of the competitors may take a look at it and it could become 
disadvantages for us in the future and we could just give total number of employees headcount, I 
think that would suffice I believe. 
Lakshmipathy Deenadayalan: Thank you, Dinesh. Your suggestion is taken. 
Dinesh: 
Sir, can we expect our cost-income ratio in the next 2-3 years to decline to less than 30%. Is that a 
fair assumption or possibility? 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
So, Dinesh, our guidance is inclusive of credit cost will be at about 35% to 36%. So, whether it's the 
cost-to-income, ex-credit cost will go down below 30% and all that, at this point of time, we don't 
want to guide you. Please go with roughly about 31%, 32% of OPEX to income and about 3% to 4% 
of credit cost-to-income. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Seeraj Khan, who is an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Seeraj Khan: 
So, one question is with respect to the branches. So, what is the average time for the branch once it is 
set up to reach maybe say 1 crore of disbursement or what is the breakeven time for the branch to 
reach and then what maybe duration? 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
October 29, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Rangarajan Krishnan: 
On an average, a branch takes anywhere between 7 to 9 months to kind of reach this breakeven point. 
We define a breakeven point at about 2.5 crores of AUM. So, at about 2.5 crores, the branch breaks 
even on its own cost and start contributing towards profitability. Of course, the head office costs are 
not covered, but all branch costs get covered at about 2.5 crores portfolio. So, the branch reaches 
anywhere between 7 to 9 months. 
Seeraj Khan: 
And then per branch disbursements, how much time does it take to reach maybe say 50 lakhs of 
disbursement per month or 1 crore, how much time have you seen in your experience to reach these 
levels? 
Rangarajan Krishnan: 
Yes, I think the rough way to sort of look at it is that each officer can do about three to four 
disbursements a month. So, just you can round it off at about let's say 10 lakhs on an average. So, if 
you have five officers or six officers in a branch, the branch can easily do about 50 to 60 lakhs of 
disbursements per month. This start happening anywhere after the third month onwards. So, it takes 
so much time for the branch to build up a 2.5 crores portfolio between the 7th and the 9th month. 
Seeraj Khan: 
One more suggestion that I also had. Would it be possible for us to maybe publish a fact sheet because 
that would be very much helpful to maybe go through historical data also. 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: 
So, we will look at it. At this point of time, we are not giving it, but your point is taken. Let us see, 
when we will be able to implement it. We will try to do this sooner than later. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants. I would now like to hand the conference over 
to the management for the closing comments. Thank you and over to you. 
Lakshmipathy Deenadayalan: Thank you all for taking your time and asking the questions. Hope we have clarified all. If anyone 
has any further questions or clarifications, please reach out to our IR team. So, we will be happy to 
take it forward. And thank you and Happy Diwali to every shareholders, stakeholders of Five Star. 
So, see you with better numbers in next quarter. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Ambit Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. 
