 
 
Corporate Office: 4th Floor, Bajaj Finserv Corporate Office, Off Pune-Ahmednagar Road, Viman Nagar, Pune - 411 014,  
Maharashtra, India  
Corporate Office Extn.: 3rd Floor, Panchshil Tech Park, Viman Nagar, Pune – 411 014, Maharashtra, India  
Tel: +91 20 7157 6403 | Fax: +91 20 7157 6364 
Registered Office: C/o Bajaj Auto Limited complex, Mumbai - Pune Road, Akurdi, Pune - 411 035, Maharashtra, India  
Corporate ID No.: L65910MH1987PLCO42961 | Email ID: investor.service@bajajfinserv.in  
https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/finance-about-us 
 
25 October 2024 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call held in respect of the Financial Results for the 
quarter and half year ended 30 September 2024 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure   Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the ‘SEBI Listing Regulations’) 
r/w Clause 15 of Part A of Schedule III to the SEBI Listing Regulations 
 
In furtherance of our letter dated 10 October 2024, the transcript of Q2FY2024 investors 
conference call has been uploaded on the website of the Company at Bajaj Finance 
Investor Relations –Quarterly Earnings Call (aboutbajajfinserv.com) 
 
Also, enclosed is the transcript (pdf) as attachment for ease of reference. 
 
Kindly take this on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
 
R. Vijay 
Company Secretary 
Email ID: investor.service@bajajfinserv.in  
Copy to Catalyst Trustee Ltd. (Debenture Trustee, Pune) 
THE MANAGER,  
BSE LIMITED  
DCS - CRD  
PHIROZE JEEJEEBHOY TOWERS  
DALAL STREET,  
MUMBAI - 400 001 
THE MANAGER,  
LISTING DEPARTMENT  
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA 
LTD. EXCHANGE PLAZA, C-1. BLOCK G,  
BANDRA - KURLA COMPLEX, BANDRA 
(EAST) MUMBAI - 400 051 
SCRIP CODE: 500034 
SCRIP CODE: BAJFINANCE – EQ 
VIJAY 
RAMCHANDRA
Digitally signed by VIJAY RAMCHANDRA 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=84b9bb03831f4f09a9780fca0aebcd7c, 
2.5.4.20=c78f85aa58180cc29440efb4e892d483d085d17
b433a905c56ab2b61527257bf, postalCode=560027, 
st=KARNATAKA, 
serialNumber=fc8684b15269c625c72aa7633770e8c160
d844db57fa2ef224f0cee0a8c26d0e, cn=VIJAY 
RAMCHANDRA 
Date: 2024.10.25 14:56:56 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Bajaj Finance Limited Q2 FY-25 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJEEV JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR, BAJAJ 
FINANCE LIMITED 
MR. ANUP SAHA – DEPUTY MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
BAJAJ FINANCE LIMITED 
MR. SANDEEP JAIN – COO & CFO, BAJAJ FINANCE 
LIMITED 
MR. ATUL JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR, BHFL 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SAMEER BHISE – JM FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONAL 
SECURITIES LIMITED 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
October 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to Bajaj Finance Limited Q2 FY25 earnings 
conference call hosted by JM Financial Institutional Securities Limited. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sameer Bhise from JM Financial. Thank you and over to 
you sir. 
Sameer Bhise: 
Thank you, Neerav. Good evening, everyone and welcome to the 2Q FY25 earnings conference 
call of Bajaj Finance. 
First of all, I would like to thank the Management of Bajaj Finance for giving us the opportunity 
to host the call. From Bajaj Finance Management Team, we have Mr. Rajeev Jain – Managing 
Director, Mr. Anup Saha – Deputy Managing Director, Mr. Sandeep Jain – COO and CFO, as 
well as the entire Senior Management Team of Bajaj Finance and its subsidiaries. 
As always, we will have opening comments from the management team, post which we will 
open the floor for Q&A. 
With that I would now like to handover to Mr. Rajeev Jain for his opening comments. Over to 
you. Thank you.  
Rajeev Jain: 
Thank you, JM, thank you Sameer. I also have with me Atul Jain – Managing Director, BHFL 
with me on the call. Very good evening to all of you or good morning depending on the 
geography. 
I will just take you through the presentation that we have put on the investor section of the 
website. 
I will jump straight in on panel #4. On a consolidated basis I would say mixed quarter for us as 
a firm. Good quarter in terms of volumes, assets under management and operating efficiencies. 
Loan losses remain elevated in Q2 as well as they were in Q1. 
As a result, profit growth and return on assets were muted for the quarter. We overall delivered 
AUM growth of 19,732 crores in the quarter, booked 9.7 million loans and added just a tad 
below 4 million new customers to the franchise in Q2. Bajaj Finserv app now has 61.7 million 
net users. 
In terms of AUM, the overall consolidated AUM came in at 3,74,000, just a tad below that, 
OPEX to NII continue to improve, so expenses remain in control, came in at 33.2%, PBT grew 
to 5,401, PBT growth of 14%, PAT came in at 13%. This is as a result of the minority interest 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
October 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
in BHFL. PAT grew by 13% to 4,014 crores; ROE came in at 19.1% and net NPA came in at 46 
basis points.  
I will quickly take you through some of the highlights on panel #5: 
As I said AUM grew 29%. New lines of businesses that we launched in the last five-six quarters 
have now started to contribute 2% to 3% of AUM growth. Overall, AUM composition which is 
appended in the latest section of the presentation on a year-on-year basis remain largely stable. 
Now the AUM growth I have talked about, new loans booked were up 14% to 9.7 million as 
against last year we did 8.53 million. In terms of customer franchise, we added 4 million 
customers. 
We now estimate that our overall new customer addition to be 15 to 16 million in FY25 which 
will be in line with what we originated last year marginally higher, last year we did 14 million 
customers, this year we foresee between 15 to 16 million new customer addition. Customer 
franchise as a result of the first half of the year having added 8 million new customers stood at 
92.1 million customers and we are optimistic of crossing a milestone of 100 million customer 
franchise in FY25 as we finish the year. Cross sell franchise which is a key measure of good to 
not so good was at just a tad below 58 million customers. 
In terms of liquidity: 
Liquidity buffer stood at 20,200 crores. Cost of funds came in at 7.97%, an increase of 3 basis 
points on a sequential basis. In general, our assessment is that the cost of funds for the company 
has actually peaked now. Deposits book grew by 21% and stood at 66,131 crores. Deposit book 
growth is obviously softer, given that there's a significant amount of price war that's happening 
from across the system and given the fact that the company has raised and has found other 
alternative sources which are more attractive in terms of coupon. The deposit book growth is 
slower than expected. 
On the next plan: 
In terms of operating efficiencies, the net interest income grew by 23% to 8,838 crores. Overall 
NIM in our assessment is now stabilized, between Q1 and Q2 there is hardly any drop. We think 
the NIM is now stabilized at these levels from here on. Net total income grew by 24% so NII 
grew by 23%, net total income, NTI grew by 24%. 
OPEX to net total income improved to 33.2% versus 34% last year same time. We continue to 
optimize operating expenses I would say. As I have said in the past calls that it's one of the levers 
that we have to continue to pull through both by optimization on the one hand and continue to 
invest in technology which is mainly GenAI to improve productivity. Employee headcount stood 
at 59,400 people. 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
October 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
On a consolidated basis, we added 4,007 staff in Q2. Annualized attrition was marginally higher 
than last year at 16.4%. Credit cost which was the dampener for the quarter, I would say because 
when I look at the PPOP number, came in at 25%. PPOP number was good, so we managed to 
do well on AUM, managed to do well on NI and I managed to do well in managing expenses. 
But credit cost was a dampener for the quarter. It was so in the last quarter as well. I will give 
you some update on that over the next four or five points.  
Gross loan loss and provisions came in at 1,934 crores. They remained elevated in Q2 as well. 
If you break up the loan losses in terms of Stage-1 and Stage-2, in Q2 Stage-2 assets have 
actually reduced by 357 crores and because of elevated Stage-2 in Q1, Stage-3 increased by 900 
crores. And as a result, the net increase in Stage-2 and Stage-3 assets on a consolidated basis 
was 542 crores. It is lower at one level than the previous quarter. It was across all as I will take 
you through the panel later retail and SME lines of businesses. So, it's not restricted to any one 
segment or any one geography or anyone. There's marginal inching up across all retail and SME 
lines of business. We as a prudent company continue to take risk actions by either cutting 
segments or pruning exposures. 
The gross loss came in at 2.16%. In Q1 that number was 2.12%. So, there was sequentially a 4-
basis points movement. It was 2.16. Same number, sorry. Gross loss to average assets was 2.16 
as it was in Q1 as well. We are cautiously optimistic looking at the portfolio movement or gross 
flow rate methodology that loan loss to average AUF has hopefully peaked and we estimate loan 
loss to average to go down to 2% or so by Q4. That's really what our estimates at this point in 
time is. We will of course continue to watch the environment and continue to invest in debt 
management and risk management to sharpen the pencil.  
Net loan losses as a result of 2.16% came in at 1,910 crores. We utilized a management overlay 
of 25 crores and as a result net loan loss to average AUF came in at 2.13%. If you recall, we had 
estimated that our net loan loss to average AUF should be in the corridor of 1.75 to 1.85% for 
FY25 with improvement projected in H2. At this juncture from a guidance standpoint, I would 
say that we estimate the FY25 net loan loss to average assets to be between 2% and 2.05%. Now 
it's more likely to be 2.05 than to be 2. As a result of this, the GNPA and NPA stood at 1.06% 
and 0.46% as against 91 basis points and 31 basis points. They still remain amongst the lowest 
in the industry. But we have seen on a year-on-year basis slight inching up.  
When we look at the portfolio movement across secured unsecured portfolios, one thing I think 
jumps out in general is that those clients who have more than three or more live unsecured loans 
are showing higher propensity to default and in general have lower downstream lower collection 
efficiencies. So, as we look at this data, we are continuing to tighten our underwriting norms for 
such cohorts of customers across all our products in an intelligent manner. I think that's really 
the update on credit costs. 
In terms of profitability; consolidated pre-provision profitability grew by 25%, consolidated 
profit before tax grew 14% to 5,401 crores and PAT grew by 13%. The ROA came in at just a 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
October 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
tad below 4.5% and ROE came in at 19.1% and capital adequacy continue to remain reasonably 
strong, Tier-I capital was just a tad below 21%. 
I just wanted to provide two important updates as an additional update’s standpoint. As you 
would recall that we as Bajaj Finance started doing non-Bajaj auto two-wheeler financing 
business in June ‘22. In September ‘22 Bajaj Auto also decided to set up its own captive 
financing unit namely Bajaj Auto Credit. BACL started its operations in Q4 of FY24 which was 
6-7 months ago. In FY24 Bajaj Finance financed 864,000 two-wheelers for Bajaj Auto and 
199,000 three-wheelers for Bajaj Auto. In H1 so far BFL has financed 217,000 two-wheelers 
and 55,000 three-wheelers of Bajaj Auto, principally meaning that the rest of the business has 
been booked in by Bajaj Auto in Bajaj Auto Credit Limited and as a result the company's 
financing to BAL customers has reduced considerably post start of business operations by 
BACL. I thought it's important that we provide this update. As you are also aware, we started 
our non-Bajaj auto two-wheeler financing business in 2022 and it's already grown to around 
35,000 accounts per month. That means we have a run rate at this point in time of 480,000 
accounts on non-Bajaj auto two-wheelers. We expected to disburse just a tad below 500,000 
accounts in the current year and scale to 720,000 accounts in FY26.  So, as the as Bajaj Auto 
products AUM goes away this AUM will replace it fully by FY27, by end FY26/FY27.  
On the three-wheeler business, we are still evaluating what our strategy should be. So, that's 
something that's still open. But the two-wheeler business volumes we hope to fully mitigate or  
makeup for by March ‘26 or so. That's just an additional update as it has financial implications. 
I thought we would just provide an update.  
Just a last point on that we had so far investment grade rating for our international borrowings 
from S&P. We were rated investment rate by S&P. We are happy to inform you that Moody's 
has also assigned a Baa 3/P long term rating which is the sovereign rating to Bajaj Finance as 
well. So, these are the two additional updates that I have.  
I will just quickly run through some of the panels; for BHFL you would have listened into the 
call yesterday that the management did, so I am just skipping that. I am on panel number, in 
terms of rest of the panels are reasonably routine. If there are any specific questions, we will be 
happy to answer. 
I thought it's important I open the call for Q&A. All of the panels are completely routine in 
nature.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. First question 
is from the line of Chintan Joshi from Autonomous.  
Chintan Joshi: 
So, two questions, one on asset quality and one on NII. On asset quality, could you give us some 
more color on what gives you the confidence that slippages and credit costs may have peaked 
out here would be interesting to get some idea across different products and different trends that 
you are seeing, both in your data and perhaps industry data that you observe. And then on net 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
October 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
interest income if you could please help us think about where our NIMs might go over the next 
year with the rate cut likely, what would the timing benefit be in terms of NIMs peaking would 
be helpful.  
Rajeev Jain: 
So, let me use this to principally just take you through the portfolio quality. The main interesting 
thing that we are seeing in the cycle is actually that the bounce rates are still lower, the portfolio 
quality when you see on the panel is still holding and the flow rates are higher.  People are still 
defaulting lesser. I keep telling people prior to Covid, people think it's too far away. The default 
rates are still lower, the flow rates are higher. So, one of the things that we have done is looked 
at the capacity planning and the debt management infrastructure. Out of 4,007 people that you 
principally saw that we have added in Q2, close to 2000 people have been added in deeper 
geographies as a result of our sharpened capacity planning. So, that gives us one level of 
confidence. Two, the underwriting actions that we have taken in the last 4-5 months, also gives 
us the confidence that as we move through, the leverage point that I made, should start to result 
in benefit from Q4. But as I use the word, we are cautiously optimistic. We hope that the 
environment continues to remain stable. I would not call it, I would say if the current state was 
to remain, given these two actions one on underwriting and two on further investments in debt 
management, we are cautiously optimistic that we should. If I give you texture that at a point in 
time in terms of clients who came on board non B2B, non B2B loans are shorter than a loan. So, 
this point is not relevant. If you had 13% of the clients who came in with (+3) personal loans 
when we gave them, now it's only 8%-9%. So, that's the impact on volumes we have taken, 
doesn't mean they're bad but as we have cut exposures on them as we keep doing more and more 
such actions, we should see the books start to come back to 185 to 195 basis points of credit 
cost. That's on the one part. Second part is on NIMs.  
Sandeep Jain: 
I think NIM very clearly as the cost of fund starts to go down. I think with the lag of one or two 
quarter we should start to see the benefit very clearly emerge to us as well. We forecast that on 
a 12-month trailing basis, a 25 basis point drop in repo rate should clearly lead to a 10 to 12 basis 
point improvement in the NIM. However, we would like to use the NIM improvement to our 
advantage to grow some of the secured and new lines of businesses that we have added in the 
last couple of years. Idea would be to not take it through the P&L, idea would be to use this 
opportunity for improving the quotient of secure balance sheet in the overall portfolio and 
continue to create a resilient balance sheet focusing on the new lines of business that we have 
launched in the last 2 years.  
Chintan Joshi: 
Won't that lead to ROA pressure once the cycle peaks? 
Rajeev Jain: 
At this point in time as Sandeep said, we will use the reduction. As I said if you go back to my 
earlier comments that the NIM is stabilized that was one part. We think cost of funds is peaked 
as the cost of funds. So, it's about management of portfolio. At a portfolio management level, 
our intent would be to use the reduction to grow our low margin secured businesses and we 
otherwise keep the composition very steady.  

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
October 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Sandeep Jain: 
I think it's important, Chintan that I make this point as we get into FY26. Rajeev did make a 
point on operating efficiencies getting created by rationalization of operating expenses. At the 
same time GenAI leading to a lot of areas where we could significantly increase deployment and 
reduce operating expenses for us. Some of these will become very important mix for us to play 
over the next couple of years. So, operating efficiency will be in the dimension that we would 
like to explore in FY26 and beyond that I think Rajeev did make a point saying that pre- 
provisioning operating profit still remains strong at 25%. So, even if the environment were not 
to improve, we have a good tailwind coming from pre-provisioning operating profit. That should 
ensure that any NIM improvement even if it goes towards fueling the secured by the balance 
sheet new lines of businesses should still be able to assist us in terms of delivery rightful ROAs 
and ROEs for the shareholders.  
Chintan Joshi: 
Just a clarification, Rajeev, you said 185 to 195 previously. I presume you meant to 175 to 185.  
Rajeev Jain: 
No. As you said earlier that principally the 172 basis points that we used to be pre-Covid based 
on the regulatory changes and our write off policy changes adds up being between 185 to 195 
basis points. That's really what our forecast is at least for the next I would say next fiscal and 
then we will take it forward from there.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from line of Dhaval from DSP.  
Dhaval: 
Three questions. First is on the rural B2C business and also the business and professional loan 
both of them are color coded yellow. Just if you could give some perspective on when do we see 
normalization in both these segments? So, that's the first question. The second one relates to cost 
to income and just to the point that Rajeev highlighted earlier on further operating efficiency. 
So, somewhere in Covid I think our aspiration was 30%-31% kind of OPEX to NII. Is that what 
one should expect in the medium term based on the business mix that you are targeting? So, 
some perspective around how much more benefit can one see in the medium term? So, that's the 
second one. And the final one is on RBI commentary that we are hearing around various 
segments relating to growth and asset quality pressure plus the regulatory perspective around 
NBFC. I mean if you could just highlight how the company is looking at navigating the current 
environment. Those are three questions.  
Rajeev Jain: 
So, look rural B2C as you can see, after a long time after virtually seven-eight quarters it showed 
a double-digit growth. Clearly, that portfolio has grown in single digits for the last six quarters. 
As we get through the worst of it, we have started to slowly grow that. We foresee that portfolio 
it will remain yellow and there comes a time in any credit business where you cut all the bad 
cholesterol and you have to build the good business. We are 18 months into it. We are moving 
to a phase where we are starting to build a good business. I think that is #1 on rural B2C that I 
would like to make. We foresee that business still however may grow only by 12% to 14% on a 
full year basis. That's on rural B2C at this point in time. Business and professional loans mind 
you that the hurdle rate bar is very low. As you can see, we color code based on it used to be 
99% in pre-Covid. That's our “threshold” number. So, that's one part. It's now at 98.63. That's 
one part. Two, if you go to SME we have seen some level of elevated flow rate. I am referring 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
October 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
to panel #52. If you see SME lending, you see elevated numbers that, you see the GNPA coming 
at 164 basis points. It was a year ago 134 basis points. And that's how we have and I repeat 
Dhaval what I was saying earlier while 98.63% looks like it is fine but as I said across portfolios 
whether it's SME or retail, the default rates are lower and flow rates are higher. So, that's a little 
unique situation that we are actually seeing. It's unique is what I would just say. So, given 164 
basis point GNPA we have stamped it as yellow. Having said that in that the professional loans 
part is fine, the MSME businesses are that way only. The risk goes up, we pull back business 
risk goes down we accelerate. I think that's the nature of the MSME business. So, that's the 
second point. Operating efficiency is, look we are the most efficient. You would know that as 
you benchmark us across various peers. As we build on this year's long-range plan or long-range 
strategy which we will publish in January, the intent would be to dramatically transform our 
focus on operating efficiencies using GenAI across call centers, to service to what I would call 
a Phase 3 of digital transformation that we are ready to embark on for us as a firm. Where that 
takes the number to is an outcome. I think you will see expressions of that when we share in 
January the long-range strategy. Do we see operating costs as a lever, answer is yes. Will we 
continue to make progress, answer is yes. I can't say whether the number will get to 31 ever 
because at our base 31 to 33 is a significant drop. But you should continue to see this number 
trend down. On regulatory matters, I would not like to comment Dhaval. Do we continue to 
make deep investments in compliance, operational risk, answer is yes. We have now from 2.5 
years ago from very little to now 250 people in first, second and third line of defense we have, 
answer is yes. Are we on a proactive basis on an ongoing manner looking at areas that we can 
improve on, the answer is yes, is all I would have like to say. We are investing in all three lines 
of defense, business and operations compliance, central compliance, internal audit and when the 
embargo happened, we embarked on a proactive integrated compliance framework and did a 
periodical review and created a self-corrective regulatory compliance framework for us. So, 
we're doing all that we can to be from a compliance readiness standpoint as a firm. 
Sandeep Jain:  
Just to add maybe a couple of points on OPEX to NII because that's the point that you made. I 
think it's also important to note that over the last 18 months, we have launched lots of businesses, 
we have made investment in all those business launches and so on so forth. As we go along over 
the next 2-year period, I think one the investments will be very marginal in terms of only 
propelling the presence of the businesses and growth. That's one thing. So, this should give us 
some operating leverage in the subsequent years. Second of course the investment that Rajeev 
talked about on GenAI capabilities and so on so forth. But the important point is we would like 
to pace it out, have 20-30-40 basis point in a year, idea is to continue to improve but the same 
time continue to remain invested in the growth of business. That's a point that I thought I should 
make. As regards growth, Rajeev did call out at the beginning of the call that while the balance 
sheet grew by 28%-29% in the current quarter, 2% growth came from new lines of businesses. 
As we forecast full year, we see the growth at 27%-28% with new businesses and mostly being 
secured in nature contributing about 2% to 3% of the AUM growth for the current year which 
means that the non-new business which is old existing businesses that we have in the company, 
will see a growth of anywhere between 24% and 25% for the current year. We remain guided 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
October 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
by our medium-term guardrails which is 25%-27% AUM growth and leading to a 23%-25% 
profit compounding. And that's what we remain guided by.  
Rajeev Jain: 
I think the point that Sandeep made on investments have peaked out in launch of new businesses 
and geographies is an important point. And they should swing from loss to start to 
breakeven/generating profit as we get into the next fiscal.  
Dhaval: 
Just one small follow up on that rural B2C, do you think by the end of the year we can see the 
business turn into green which means for next year the growth will normalize or you think it is 
still few more quarters? 
Rajeev Jain: 
We are cautiously optimistic on that. I would say yes, but we will take it at Sandeep is saying 
quarter a time, we can forecast the current year. But if we just to reinforce the point, it's possible 
that as if we exited a 12%-14% growth on a year-on-year basis then next year could start to grow 
between 23% and 25%. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Piran Engineer from CLSA.  
Piran Engineer: 
Just a few questions. Firstly, on the overall asset quality environment. So, I know you've 
mentioned that we have made underwriting, tweaking and improving our collection 
infrastructure. But what would make the cycle prolong as in this elevated credit cost cycle. For 
example, you mentioned 8% to 9% of your clients have (+3) loans versus 13% earlier. But you 
could have other irresponsible lenders lend to these people. So, just trying to get a sense of what's 
changing right now versus 3 months back.  
Rajeev Jain: 
I think one the fact is that various actions by Reserve Bank has started to slow down the 
unsecured market. I think if you take the first half if I am not mistaken based on the bureau data, 
the personal loan year-on-year growth is degrowth if I am not mistaken. It's (-3%) - (-4%). So, I 
think in terms of disbursals, not AUM. So, clearly the supply side has slowed down. So, in fact 
that was probably mostly needed to availability had become very easy. So, that's one at a 
metadata level point I would like to make. Two, as we further prune segments, as we reduce 
exposure, we're doing both pruning segments and reducing exposures, mix of both these factors 
and when excesses happen at times there is a phase of excesses post that good also don’t last too 
long and bad also doesn’t last too long. Don’t believe it will last too long either way. So, as the 
portfolios get washed you should see improvement. But as I said we remain cautiously optimistic 
of the same.  
Piran Engineer: 
And just secondly on our fee income, now I noticed that it's a little bit weak considering the fact 
that the ban on those digital lending products was lifted and that itself was some 60 crores per 
quarter. So, if I kind of adjust for that it does not look like we have had seen any fee income 
growth. In fact, we have seen degrowth QOQ. So, anything here to read? 
Rajeev Jain: 
Seasonally its always. 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
October 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Piran Engineer: 
There is de-growth because of summer season versus non-summer season. But last time we 
didn't have those digital lending products which are banned and now we would have had it. So, 
I would have expected to be at least flat. So, is this because of the RBL thing where collections 
you are not doing for them and therefore fee and OPEX both are proportionally lower.  
Sandeep Jain: 
So, Piran, point number one. I think if you are referring to last year whether we had the fee 
income or the digital lending fee income not being there, last year the action by RBI was in 
November, the Quarter 2 last year we did have that income from YOY comparable point of view. 
However, to the other point that you are making on the co-brand credit card where the collection 
activities was earlier managed by us, incrementally starting Quarter 2 that activity has moved to 
RBL rightfully so. And that has an impact in terms of overall fee income for the quarter. From 
a comparative point of view.  
Rajeev Jain: 
He was making a point on a sequential basis if I am not mistaken.  
Piran Engineer: 
I was asking for QOQ. So, 2 months you all didn't do that product, right? 
Sandeep Jain: 
Yes. The answer is then very clearly the transfer of the collection’s activity to RBL Bank which 
otherwise would have come to us as payment towards the collection’s activity would have said 
in the fee income.  
Piran Engineer: 
And just on the NIM outlook, did I hear it correctly that NIM will be stable assuming no rate 
cuts further or is it that cost of funds will be stable but yield could still decline because of 
portfolio mix?  
Rajeev Jain: 
Both are peaked and AUM composition should stabilize, both.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup.  
Kunal Shah: 
So, firstly maybe in terms of the overall growth, given the environment wherein we are we have 
kept on increasing the credit cost guidance as well. But still, we sound bit upbeat on the growth 
despite Bajaj Auto business maybe, I think that's coming off. Plus, you said like you are 
tightening few of the standards. But I think that commensurate on the growth still seems to be 
like 27%-28%. No doubt there is something which is contributing from the new business but 
existing is also continuing. So, wouldn't it maybe in terms of the approach, maybe in terms of 
the growth versus credit cost, is there any change in the approach that we are looking or there is 
no need to change at this point in time?  
Rajeev Jain: 
No, there is no need to. As I mentioned earlier Kunal that between 2 to 3 and maybe in fact as 
we exit the year close to 4% of the growth may probably be coming from new lines of business 
between new two-wheeler to tractor to new car financing to CV which just went live in July, to 
gold loan. While it's an old business but growing healthily, these are 5-6 lines of businesses that 
are yet to if I may say so break out in any given manner. Some of them will start to break out by 
the fourth quarter. So, if you knock this off, the organic so called even this is organic the organic 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
October 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
number would have looked like 24%-25%. So, it's just the, we use the good times over the last 
24 months to launch or complete a product suite as a firm which is helping us continue to 
generate AUM momentum without having to compromise in any given manner the credit 
quality.  
Kunal Shah: 
And secondly in terms of urban B2C, so if you look at Stage-2 that still continues to be quite 
elevated almost similar to where it was in last quarter as well. And then we had seen this kind 
of increase out there as well of almost like 38 odd basis points in the GNPA. And maybe as you 
indicated for SME lending maybe moving from 1.4 to 1.6 made it like get into the amber. Do 
you see the risk of urban B2C also getting into amber given the collection efficiency and this 
kind of trend in Stage-2?  
Rajeev Jain: 
No, we remain watchful Kunal is what I would say and as I said earlier in the call that we saw 
inching up on panel 51 across. So, clearly there is pressure across. Now mind you can see the 
numbers and absolute numbers in urban sales finance and rural sales finance are smaller. But 
one has seen movement across lines on a year-on-year basis. So, we remain watchful and only 
point I would like to make is that between managing risk and managing growth we will choose 
credit. We will choose credit. So, it's the only point I would make.  
Sandeep Jain: 
And Kunal, there's a technical thing also because of number of days logic for DPD classification 
and given that most of our customers get banged on second there is that one month plus and 
minus that happens between Quarter 1 and Quarter 2. So, that's one thing that I think is an 
important point. But leaving that aside, it's also important to the point that Rajeev mentioned the 
beginning of the call, as part of the portfolio quality that in the current quarter this Stage-2 and 
Stage-3 has actually gone above 542 crores. And he did make a point that number was much 
lower than the last quarter. Just to give you context, our last quarter the Stage-2 and Stage-3 on 
account of various disruption that we had referred to in Q1 and I am not repeating it has seen 
actually 1,100 crores of movement. So, Q1 had seen 1,100 crores of addition to Stage-2 and 
Stage-3 versus that in the current quarter the movement to Stage-2 and Stage-3 is 542 crores. 
So, there is that level of improvement that is clearly visible.  
Kunal Shah: 
And last question, was that the option to create the management overlay buffer against this one 
time gain and would you have done that or maybe that was not there from the auditors and that's 
the reason we inch up the guidance and still maybe not have created any buffer out there against 
this one off? 
Sandeep Jain: 
Kunal just to clarify, when we mean option, I think we don't have options. We look at the data 
points and based on that decide what is the right thing to do. The one-time gain does not 
necessarily give you an opportunity or option to create provisions. We looked at the information 
and based on that we did not feel a need at this point in time to create an overlay. However, to 
the other point that you made, even from accounting perspective the gain sits in standalone 
financials on a consol basis goes and sits in the reserve. So, if that was a question that was a 
point that you were highlighting, yes, in the consol numbers it go and fits in the reserve.  

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
October 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Rajeev Jain: 
And Kunal I will reiterate the point that I made, which I said earlier that if the PPOP is 25% then 
we have sufficient margin in the P&L for us to sustain any kind of, I wouldn't even, just on this 
point I would just make a point that let's say if our long term or medium-term 
guidance/experience, experience/guidance is 185 to 190 basis points. And if you are looking at 
full year 205 basis points doesn't create pressure. It's a 10% increase or a 8% increase in credit 
cost doesn't create that kind of; year-on-year comparables are looking bad because we were at 
156 basis points at that point of time and we were consuming overlays. If you do apple to apple 
what our run rate is which is 185-195. Let's say for a moment given our diversity of businesses 
and the number on a full year basis comes in at 205, even let's say worst case 210 basis points 
that's a 10%/7%-8%-10% increase in credit cost on a year-on-year basis or from our medium-
term experience/guidance. So, I won't lose too much sleep over it.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Viral Shah for IIFL Securities. 
Viral Shah: 
Rajeev, I wanted to ask you were talking about the new businesses and then contributing to 
growth but if I look at the distribution slide, for tractor I see that nearly on a sequential basis the 
distribution has halved. So, is there anything to read into it or what has happened over there?  
Sandeep Jain: 
So, what we disclose out there for the first two quarter is exact number of dealers that we have 
signed up. Depending on the activation rate that we see as to how many dealers have started 
booking cases, on a two-quarter basis we do that adjustment. So, if you see that drop is on 
account of having seen probably less or no business from those counters. It's a very early stage 
of business. Don't read anything into it. Business is now boarding between 65-70 crores of 
volumes per month since January. We started the business in January. We are cautiously growing 
this. It's a business to be grown cautiously only given that it has different repayment behavior 
and patterns. So, nothing to read into that line. But we are now disbursing between 65-70 crores 
of volumes a month in Tier-II, Tier-III geographies.  
Viral Shah: 
And secondly if I look at the two-wheeler and the three-wheeler business, you mentioned about 
the Bajaj Auto credit and that business, wanted to understand like is there any the ROA or the 
profitability differential between doing the non-captive business versus the captive business? 
Just trying to understand if at all there can be any.  
Rajeev Jain: 
No, I think it's a fair question. So, principally looking at the group two-wheeler, this company 
was formed to do Bajaj Auto product. So, it's a little bit of mixed feeling that as that business 
goes out, it's a profitable business. But you also used to be as you may have observed over here 
is also a volatile business. All captive businesses are more volatile than non-captive. It's a global 
truth in terms of credit performance. I mean during COVID we really struggled. It was 5% of 
the balance sheet and 20% of the GNPA. But over cycles it was a profitable business. We foresee 
that the group two-wheeler financing AUM will mostly wind down fully over the next 2 years. 
In fact, that will since you raise the point, I must make a point. It will actually lead to as this 
winds down, it will lead to lowering of our loan loss to average AUF. It's an important point I 
must make. If you look at it today as of September, it's 4.3% of the balance sheet and it is 18% 
of consolidated GNPA.  This is a factual number as of Q2. So, eventually as this book winds 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
October 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
down, we will see the benefit come through in the overall loan loss to average AUF. 
Correspondingly the non-Bajaj book for us because it's an open architecture business comes in 
at half the risk cost.  That's been our experience over the last 2 years. So, in the short term it has 
some impact on profitability. Over long term it will be beneficial in building a lower risk 
business an aggregate for us as a firm. So, I think that's really how this migration or transition 
will principally play out. So, it's a mixed feeling.  
Viral Shah: 
I understand and thank you for that detailed perspective and because you mentioned also the 
asset quality piece over there. If I look at your panels that you give in terms of the portfolio 
quality. So, in that we have seen that in this quarter sequentially it has moved up. Stage-2 and 
Stage-1 has come down. And even versus if I compare it, I understand even from a YOY basis 
it's come down. Whereas over this period I would expect that the non-captive business would 
have built up just in terms of the size in the contribution. 
Rajeev Jain: 
It will take us 2 years. As I said earlier, we are at 35,000. They used to do 65,000. We're doing 
very little three-wheeler. They used to do 20,000 and every three-wheeler is virtually equivalent 
to 2.5-3 two-wheelers. So, it will take us as I said earlier 2 years to fully make up for the AUM. 
So, that's why as I said there'll be short term impact on profitability because AR will go down. 
By March ‘26, we will start to make up as much AR addition as Bajaj Auto used to do with us 
in terms of quarterly addition. But we are very clear it's half the risk cost. That is super clear to 
us.  
Viral Shah: 
My question was actually more on the asset quality front like what was…? 
Rajeev Jain: 
So, it is going through high credit phase. So, last year was an abnormally low credit phase. I 
must make a point to you. It's a long term. Average loan loss to average assets has been in the 
region of 4%. Last year if you see this number looking like 1.5% and recoveries was very high. 
So, this business went through an ultra-low credit cost phase last year rather last 2 years. It went 
through ‘20-21, ‘21-22 very high credit cost phase. Then it went through an extremely lowest 
that we have seen in the last I would say 17-18 years phase. It is normalizing but inching up 
more higher than its longer term trend line. I must make that point as well. So, that's really how 
volatile we have seen it to be actually, peaking, bottoming and right now rising but rising above 
the long-term threshold.  
Viral Shah: 
If I look at the rural B2C panel, over there if I look at sequentially there seems to be some bit of 
improvement. And of course, you mentioned and you discussed that at length. My question was 
that given the way the cash flows are in the rural India and especially the asset quality pain that 
the MFI players are witnessing I was actually a bit surprised to look at this. If you can just throw 
some more light on this. 
Rajeev Jain: 
We would get only 5% of the clients in this entire portfolio who would get not even that much 
actually. 2%-3% of the clients would probably qualify for a MFI Anup was saying. 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
October 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Anup Saha: 
The only other point, this is Anup here, when we classify this as rural and what MFI classifies, 
those are the villages of India. So, MFI would be even one Tier-lower. So, that's the first, 2-Tier 
lower because those are the 6.5 lakh villages we largely talk about. Our rural is still the smaller 
towns and cities. And this again point is the MFI equivalent segment will be very small. That 
would be 3%-4%. So, who can be like household income below 3 lakhs or so on and so forth. 
There will be not much of overlap there.  
Rajeev Jain: 
Separately on this rural stress, as I mentioned always for the last five-six quarters because of the 
rural B2C that we don't see the so-called rural distress pressure in the B2B business where we 
deal with millions of customers. So, it's anecdotal but the rural B2B performance is not 
anecdotal. Even when you are looking at the season’s growth at this point in time, we are 15-17 
days into the season. We are seeing the momentum to be reasonably strong in rural. So, we are 
driven more by our experience rather than by our rather than by our anecdotes. So, rural B2B 
continues to be strong, both in terms of momentum and in terms of credit performance. B2C of 
course you've seen pressure, and we have acted on. 
Sandeep Jain:  
So, for full transparency I think it's important that I call it out. Rural B2C also includes MFI JLG 
business that is run independently. That's about 600 crores of balance sheet that we have. That's 
all sitting there. The portfolio continues to remain reasonably healthy out there. It's very young.  
Rajeev Jain: 
We will break that at some point in time. It is too small. It’s not relevant. That's why.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from line of Roshan from ICICI Prudential.  
Roshan: 
Firstly you mentioned this 13% number to be the live unsecured loans overlap, so the (+3)  live 
unsecured loans overlap number. That was the case a few years ago. What was it? It was not 
clear, 13% decrease and 9%.  
Rajeev Jain: 
Let me give you full numbers as you are asking. It was 8%. It went to the peak of 13%, is now 
down to 9%-10%. So, it's not like this is a new thing but the supply of those client’s propensity 
has increased and because the supply increase or availability increase their borrowing pattern 
increase. So, it's not like it was pre-Covid it was 0, it was 8%. In our in our customer banking. 
It went up all the way to 13, it's down to 9-10.  
Roshan: 
And when I look at this amber color panel and your GNPA movement, the GNPA has increased 
across the board like you said. But you chose to call out SME lending and rural B2C alone as 
amber. Anything more to the what you are seeing which is not there in data. 
Rajeev Jain: 
It’s a management assessment Roshan, nothing else where we are tightening in a transparent 
manner we are assessing. As I pointed out as you are reinforcing, you have seen movement even 
in gold loan. On a year-on-year basis 35 basis points GNPA is gone to 53. I am giving example 
to make a point or a 60 basis points in urban sales finance going to 81. But wherever we tighten 
and we act on is really what we or things go lower than pre-Covid or higher than pre Covid in 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
October 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
terms of delinquencies. That's how we would in general provide management assurance to be. I 
hope that makes it clear.  
Roshan: 
The other question I have here is, last quarter you said bounce rates are stable but whatever has 
bounced is turning out to be very chronic. 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. That is as I said the flow rates. I use the word flow rate. It's the same point. The defaults 
remain lower but flow rates are higher. That is not changed Roshan as yet.  
Roshan: 
And just one last question. There was a suicide case that has happened, so any comments on 
that?  
Rajeev Jain: 
We are very saddened by the incident and our prayers are with the family. We have referred the 
incident that happened. It's very unfortunate and sad incident that happened. We referred it to 
our internal disciplinary action committee for investigation and recommendation and we will go 
by and we’ve shared our actionabilities or learnings that we've taken away with the board as well 
is all I have to say.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Umang Shah from Kotak Mutual fund.  
Umang Shah: 
I have two questions. One is Rajeev if you could, at the beginning of the call you already 
mentioned that probably by the end of FY25 you will share our Long range number but you can 
give some color as to how should we look at the standalone Bajaj Finance entity maybe broadly 
in terms of growth and profitability and ROE given that Atul has already spelt it out about Bajaj 
Housing Finance on the Bajaj Housing earnings call. I mean that will give us some clarity on 
how should we look at the standalone entity maybe from a 2 to 3-year perspective? 
Rajeev Jain: 
Just because we happen to have listed the firm and offloaded 11%, we continue to be 90% just 
a short of 90% owner of Bajaj Housing finance. And that's why we still look at it as sum of parts 
while they have the independent journey and independent, but they are 31% of the balance sheet 
today on a consolidated basis. I don't foresee the composition, their contribution to profitability, 
etc. so on and so forth to change in any given manner. So, we still look at it as sum of parts of 
BHFL, BFSL and BFL. And we continue to be excited about both the subsidiaries and of course 
the core operating business of Bajaj Finance. So, at least in my head until I run it, I continue to 
look at it on a consolidated basis is what I would say.  
Umang Shah: 
Just the second question is on clearly we are getting a little mixed sort of views or commentaries 
when it comes to consumption trends. 
Rajeev Jain: 
I assume he is asking question on season.  
Umang Shah: 
Yes, that’s correct. On the festive demand.  

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
October 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Rajeev Jain: 
So, look in the discretionary consumption businesses that we are in. What we are principally 
seeing is that if you look at the first quarter growth for us was 8% in terms of units sold. Second 
quarter was actually 9%. I am talking when I say discretionary consumption I am talking our 
point-of-sale businesses which is CD, Digital, rural CD, lifestyle, e-com.  So, far if I look at the 
first, the season festival season started on 3rd of October. We are virtually 18-19 days into it. So, 
far at this point of time looks like the count growth is like between 20% and 21% between 20%-
21%-22% depending on a day. Every day during these 30 days is important. The season will end 
on 3rd of November. So far 20 days into or 19 days into the season, numbers looking like 21% 
in terms of count. In terms of value, in terms of discretionary its clearly prices have cooled a 
little across phones and televisions and so on and so forth. Given reduction in raw material prices 
we are seeing a 19%-20%. So, I would call that on our base a good number. So, if I take our and 
mind you, we're talking 2 million kind of number being disbursed. So, it's a very large 
representative sample of what we are seeing at least in our categories so far in the first 19 days 
of the season.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as a last question. I will now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Sameer Bhise for closing comments.  
Sameer Bhise: 
Thanks everyone for joining this call today evening and thank you to the team from Bajaj 
Finance for giving us the opportunity to host the call. Thank you Rajeev, Sandeep, Anup and 
Atul. Thank you.  
Rajeev Jain: 
Thank you all.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of JM Financial Institutional Securities Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
