 
 
Date: November 11, 2024 
 
To,  
BSE Limited  
Listing Dept. / Dept. of Corporate Services, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001.  
Security Code: 544176  
Security ID : AADHARHFC
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Dept., Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot 
No. C/1, G. Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051  
 
Symbol: AADHARHFC 
 
 
Kind Attn.: Listing Corporate Relationship Department 
 
Sub:- Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the Quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and with reference to our prior intimation dated October 25, 2024 
please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on the Financial performance of the 
Company for the Quarter ended September 30, 2024 held on Wednesday, November 06, 2024: 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company and can be accessed at: 
 
https://aadharhousing.com/disclosures-under-regulation-62-of-the-sebi-lodr-regulation-2015-
pdf/schedule-of-analysts-or-institutional-investors-meet-and-presentations-made-by-the-listed-entity-to-
analysts-or-institutional-investors  
 
The above is for your information, records and dissemination please. 
 
Thanking you. 
For Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
                                                         
Harshada Pathak 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
 
CC:- Debenture Trustees- 
1. Catalyst Trusteeship Limited 
2. Beacon Trusteeship Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
HARSHADA 
SHASHANK 
PATHAK
Digitally signed by 
HARSHADA 
SHASHANK PATHAK 
Date: 2024.11.11 
18:51:31 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
 
“Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DEO SHANKAR TRIPATHI – EXECUTIVE VICE-
CHAIRMAN – AADHAR HOUSING FINANCE LIMITED 
MR. RISHI ANAND – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – AADHAR HOUSING FINANCE 
LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH VISWANATHAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – AADHAR HOUSING FINANCE LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY MOOLCHANDANI – HEAD FINANCIAL 
PLANNING – AADHAR HOUSING FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NISCHINT – KOTAK SECURITIES LIMITED 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
November 06, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Aadhar Housing Q2 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Kotak Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nischint from Kotak Securities. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Nischint: 
Good evening. Welcome to the earnings conference call of Aadhaar Housing Finance Limited. 
We have with us the senior management of Aadhaar to discuss the financial performance. Let 
me welcome Mr. Deo Shankar Tripathi, Executive Vice Chairman, Mr. Rishi Anand, MD and 
CEO, Mr. Rajesh Viswanathan, Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Sanjay Moolchandani, Head 
Financial Planning. 
 
I would now like to hand over the call to Rishi for his opening comments. After which, we will 
take the Q&As. 
Rishi Anand: 
Thank you so much, Nischint. And a very good evening, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of 
Aadhaar Housing Finance, I extend a very warm welcome to all of you to our Q2 FY25 earnings 
call. We have successfully achieved yet another quarter of steady performance with sustainable 
AUM growth. Strategic investments in technology and data analytics have enhanced our 
operational efficiencies and our deeper impact strategy has further driven the growth. 
Moving on to this quarter's performance, we have successfully crossed yet another milestone of 
an AUM of INR22,000 crores, closing the quarter at INR22,817 crores with a significant growth 
of 21% Y-o-Y. We continue to uphold our position as a leading low-income housing finance 
company in the nation. We continue to maintain 100% secure retail portfolio with no exposures 
to corporates or developers. 
Our average ticket size stands at INR10 lakhs with an average loan-to-value ratio at 59%, 
catering to the salaried customer segment at 56% of our portfolio. Retail home loan continues to 
dominate the book at 74%. Disbursement for this quarter stood at INR2,036 crores, an increase 
of 18% on Y-o-Y basis. We have successfully maintained the quality of the book at a GNPA 
drop of 6 bps at 1.29% with a healthy collection efficiency at 99%. 
The spread for the quarter stood healthy at 5.9%. Our deeper impact strategy is working well for 
us, enabling us to reach the niche markets in Tier 4 cities and beyond to small talukas and small 
district headquarters. We have focused on expanding our distribution network in the first half of 
the year and have reached a total of 545 branches spread across 540-plus districts in 21 states.  
This quarter, in question, we have added 9 branches, taking the total to 22 new branches in the 
current financial year. This has helped us to serve more than 277,000 live customers across the 
country. In H2, we will continue with this growth strategy on distribution. Wish to highlight yet 
another important update with respect to the Board of Directors at Aadhaar. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
November 06, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
We have further strengthened our corporate governance and strategy insights with the induction 
of Dr. Punita Kumar Sinha as an Independent Director to the Board, with effect from 7th August 
2024. Dr. Sinha comes with a rich experience of over 30 years in investment banking and 
financial markets. The Indian housing finance industry has experienced significant growth over 
the past decade, with the mortgage to GDP penetration increasing from below 8% to nearly 12%. 
 
The sector has grown over 14% in the last five years, and similar growth is expected over the 
next three years. Government initiatives like the interest subsidy scheme, which is Pradhan 
Mantri Awas Yojana, large-scale housing construction, GST reduction, and stamp duty 
rationalization are fueling the demand to India's housing sector. 
Additionally, rapid urbanization and rising disposable income are key factors to contributing to 
sector growth. The opportunity in India's housing finance market is huge, and we remain 
committed to drive this growth along with maintaining our financial stability. Our strategic focus 
remains in expanding our statewide presence, leveraging technology and data-driven insights.  
Along with ensuring long-term profitability coupled with superior asset quality, we will continue 
to focus on innovation, enabling us to grow and enhance our operational efficiency. Inspired by 
the principle of “Ghar Banega Toh Desh Banega”, we will persist in our mission to serve the 
underserved section of the society. 
I would like to hand over to our CFO Rajesh Viswanathan to take you through our detailed 
financial performance for this quarter. Rajesh, over to you. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Thank you, Rishi. Good evening, everyone. I would like to take you all through the financial 
performance for both H1 as well as Q2. In H1 FY25, as Rishi has just said, our AUM has grown 
well, grown by 21%. Our overall borrowings as on 30th September 24 stood at INR14,600 crores 
compared to INR12,750 crores as of 30th September ‘23. We have further diversified our 
sources of borrowing. 
 
We have 40 borrowing relationships. The borrowing mix as at the end of 30th September is 50% 
from banks, 25% from NHB, and NCDs make up the balance 25%. Our incremental borrowing 
for Q2 stood at INR1,100 crores. In Q2, we have drawn down a second tranche of Asian 
Development Bank amounting to INR250 crores. A point to note over here is that during this 
quarter, we do not have any borrowings on the lower interest rate scheme from NHB during this 
quarter. Even on the entire financial year, the percentage of borrowings from NHB on the lower 
interest rate subsidized scheme is very, very minimal. 
 
Liquidity for the quarter stood at INR2,273 crores. It is around 12% of the loan book. We aspire 
to keep anywhere between 8% to 10% of the loan book as a liquidity buffer. In terms of fixed 
and floating nature of the book, 77% of our borrowing is floating and 79% of our assets are 
floating. So, there is a clear match between the fixed and floating book. Portfolio yield for this 
quarter as we exited is 14% in Q2 FY24. 
 
In terms of spreads, it stood at 5.9%. Our cost-to-income ratio for this quarter stood at 36.2% 
and for the whole six-month period was 36.4%. This was compared to 37.5% in FY24. As we 
have alluded in the last two calls, we aspire to drop our cost-to-income ratio from the FY24 level 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
November 06, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
by at least 80 bps to 100 bps in the current financial year. And the first two quarters, we are sort 
of getting there in terms of achievement in terms of our cost-to-income reduction. 
 
We have managed to maintain good standard of asset quality with GNPA on AUM coming at 
1.29% compared to 1.35% same time last year. The net NPA stood at 0.9% in Q2 FY25 versus 
0.92% in Q2 FY24. As at September end, the stage 3 provision stands at 35% and as we have 
mentioned in our previous calls, our provision will be in the range of about 35% to 37%.  
Capital adequacy ratio for Q2 FY25 at the end of Q2 stood at 45.9% for Tier 1 and 0.7% for Tier 
2. In terms of overall growth, our total income stood at INR764 crores for this quarter as 
compared to INR629 crores in the corresponding quarter last year, which is a growth of 22%. 
For H1 level, our total income stood at INR1477 crores versus INR1222 crores, which is a 
growth of 21%. PAT came in at INR228 crores versus INR197 crores in Q2, a growth of 15% 
on Y-o-Y basis. For half year FY25, the PAT stood at INR428 crores compared to INR344 
crores last year H1, translating to a growth of 24%.  
In terms of disbursement, and this was a matter which we discussed last time because of the RBS 
circular, I am happy to state that the disbursements in Q2 have evened out and Q2 disbursements 
have come in at a strong INR2,036 crores versus INR1,725 crores in Q2 FY24, which is a growth 
of around 18% to 19%. Full year growth is 12%. If we adjust for the circular, the growth will be 
in excess of 20%. So, this is all that we had to say in our opening remarks. And with this, we 
open up for any questions that we may have. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of Rinesh 
from ICICI. Please go ahead. 
Rinesh: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. So just two things from my side, one on the yield side. So, 
if I recollect, in June, we hiked our rate by 25 basis points. And in this quarter also, if you look 
at the disbursement breakup, incrementally, the disbursement in lab book is higher. And despite 
that, our yields are flat. So, what is the reason, yield remaining flattish, despite the rate hike and 
high disbursement in lab? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Yes, as we had explained last time, the increase in the rates, which was about 25 bps we did in 
the middle of the first quarter would obviously impact the book. The incremental rate of lending, 
the marginal rate of lending, obviously would not move directly proportional to that. We are 
lending in quarter one and quarter two at rates which are almost 10 bps to 15 bps higher than 
what we achieved in quarter four of last year.  
Having said that, if you look at our spreads, exit spreads, I think we have exited in the range of 
what 5.9% to 5.95%. And as we have always guided, as we will end the current financial year, 
probably we will be ending in the range of somewhere between 5.8% to 5.85% spreads as we 
exit the year. What you're saying is right, when we do marginal rate of lending, this is also 
impacted because of various factors, including the mix of our product, including the competition 
on the ground and other things. Rishi, you want to add?. 
Rishi Anand: 
No, that's perfect, I think that concludes it. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
November 06, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Rinesh: 
So, my question is actually why have we not been able to pass on this rate hike to the customer. 
Is this the competition which is impacting the gains or how should one look at it? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
So, rate hike pass on to the customer, obviously we did for every customer who was there in the 
book on the floating basis in mid-June. But on the incremental basis, obviously the pass on 
would happen over a period of time. And for example, I assume theoretically we increased the 
rate by 25 bps on the RPLR basis. I think on a marginal basis, you may not see an increase of 
say 25 bps, you may see an increase of anywhere between 10 bps to 15 bps is a way it generally 
plays out. 
Rinesh: 
Actually, if you look at the gains, I mean, sequentially it is flat at 14%. Now, even if we assume, 
let's say given almost more than 75% of the book is floating and 25 bps of rate hike in second 
half of June, so ideally this quarter should have the full quarter benefit. So, even if it is not 25 
bps, ideally anywhere between 5 bps to 10 bps improvement should happen on the yield side, 
but maybe because of competition or I don't know. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
You are right on an incremental basis if you look at it. The 13.9% from March, if you look at 
the yields, the yields have moved up to 14%. If you look at pure yields, it has moved from 13.9% 
to 14%. These are the exit yields. But on the COF side is where the COF has moved up by 10 
bps, if I'm not mistaken, and that is why the spreads have come down. But if you look at yields 
and generators more, and plus you are right, incremental yields, which typically is INR3,000 
crores, INR4,000 crores of business, which would have got done during the year, would 
definitely have come at a rate which is at least about 40 bps lower than the 14%. 
Rinesh: 
Okay. Got it. And my second question is on the BT out rate. How has it been trending, sir, let's 
say over the last couple of quarters? 
Rishi Anand: 
So, Rinesh, BT out, if I were to compare versus on a Y-o-Y basis, we were in 24, 6.5%. And as 
we speak for the quarter, we are 5.8%. So that is a substantial improvement on this, on an 
annualized basis. So, there is a substantial improvement. And there are a lot of efforts that the 
organization is putting towards it. 
Rinesh: 
Got it. And we don't foresee any risk of higher BT out because of the rate hike, right? 
Rishi Anand: 
No, we don't. We don't. You know, after rate hike, these are these are numbers that I'm quoting 
to you. So, 5.8%. So that is a substantial drop of about 7 bps, which is a comfortable position to 
be in. 
Rinesh: 
Got it. That's it from my side, sir. Thank you and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Satish Kumar from Mirae Asset Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Satish Kumar: 
Thanks for the opportunity, sir. My first question is related to cost of borrowing, which rose to 
8.1% or 40 bps year on year. So, any view that it will reach near peak or may increase further 
from this level in coming quarters? And the second question is the share of economic weak 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
November 06, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
section, which now declined below 70% of the AUM. Any specific cap there you plan to share 
in the mix in going forward? Thank you. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
I think on the cost of funds we have - we are 8.1%. There may be some pass throughs which 
may happen through some of the MCLR increases which some of the public sector banks are 
still doing. Probably as we exit the year we would be in the range of anywhere between 8.2% to 
8.25%. So basically, that is sort of cost of funds that we should be really looking at. And that is 
one of the primary reason that we are seeing as we enter year, our exit spreads would be in the 
range of about 5.8% to 5.85%. In terms of economically weaker section… 
Rishi Anand: 
Satish on EWS FY24, our numbers were 71% EWS which has dropped to about 69% marginal 
drop. The income levels are rising. So, the definition of EWS is annual income, annual household 
income up to INR3 lakhs. So while these levels were fixed way back in 2015 by the central 
government, there is obviously a request of revising these limits. Having said that the income 
levels have slightly risen because of which there is this marginal dip of about 2%, but we still 
remain focused on EWS LIG as an organization. 
Satish Kumar: 
Okay, that's all for my side. 
Rishi Anand: 
Thank you, Satish. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Shubhranshu Mishra from PhillipCapital. Please 
go ahead. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Hi, thanks for this opportunity. I just want to understand the number of home loans that we on 
board on a monthly basis. Second is when we are talking on this growth and disbursement, can 
we decompose this of 18% and do what is coming out of... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, Shubhranshu, if you can switch to handset mode, your voice is not clear. 
Rishi Anand: 
Yes, I could not figure out the question, Shubhranshu, sorry. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Hi, is it better? 
Moderator: 
Yes, Shubhranshu, please go ahead.  
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
So, I wanted to understand the number of home loans that we onboard on a monthly basis. What 
would be the logins versus the number of files that were dispersed? Second is, so when we are 
talking about this 18% disbursement growth, how do we decompose this into what is coming 
out of the maturity of branches, what is coming out of geographic expansion and what is just 
about business as usual and what would be a forecast of disbursement growth and AUM growth 
for the next 2 years to 3 years? These are my first couple of questions. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
I think on login we do anywhere between 16,500 to 17,500 files a particular month. And if you 
look at it, approximately anywhere between 27%, 28% of this would be non-home loans. The 
balance would be home loans. In terms of sanction to login, the range will be in the range of 
about 60% to 65% is our sanction to login. And typically, login to disbursement would range 
between 42% to 45%. So that is the flow from login to sanction to disbursals. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
November 06, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Rishi Anand: 
The second question, Shubhranshu, was on where on the maturity of branches versus new 
branches, where is the growth coming from? So, every year, the way it works is the current 
branches that you launch in a particular quarter, or a particular year will become productive and 
mature only in the following year. So current year, the enhanced efficiency comes from maturity 
of the existing branches. Sorry, I missed your third question. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
The third question was 18% growth; how should we typically look at it? So, we still are guiding 
for 18% to 20% disbursement? 
Rishi Anand: 
Yes, our guidance remains on 18% to 20% growth for the year. Are we in line? Yes, we are in 
line because the way our budget span out and we are right on the plan the way it was budgeted, 
which will culminate to about 22% to 24% AUM growth. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Understood. And if I can just squeeze in one last question, what would be the proportion of Cat 
A, B, C company, salaried employees coming into our login, home loan login? 
Rishi Anand: 
Okay, so I don't think I would have that data right away. But primarily, if I can give you an 
indication who are my customers, you would have a range of customers right from army jawans 
to police constables to teachers in government schools. So that is one range of customers, second 
range of and you're referring to salaried. So second range of salaried customers will be customers 
working for private limited companies, partnership firms, proprietorship firms. So, we have - 
but right now I indicatively if I can tell you 45% of my customers are our formal customers. So, 
these are customers which form in the formal category. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Understood. This is very helpful. I'll come back in the queue. Best of luck for ensuring quarters. 
Rishi Anand: 
Sure. Thank you Shubhranshu. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from line of Arjun Vikas from Alpha Wave Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Arjun Vikas: 
Hi, first of all, congratulations on a great set of numbers. I just wanted to understand a few things 
to the extent possible. So, when we think about Tier 1, Tier 2 and versus Tier 3, Tier 4 markets, 
how is the sourcing different? So, for example, how much, you know, proportion comes from 
Aadhaar Mitra versus Direct versus others. Similarly, we'd love to understand BT in and BT outs 
to the extent possible between these two sets of markets and the login or the sanction disbursals 
ratios across these two set of markets like how does it differ between Tier 1, Tier 2, and Tier 3 
and Tier 4? 
Rishi Anand: 
Okay, first, let me give you the company level numbers Arjun. One is you asked about what 
comes from Aadhaar Mitra. So Aadhaar Mitra is typically anywhere between 20% to 25%, 
depending on the month you're talking about. So on a quarterly basis, since you're referring to 
Q2 FY25, 24.4% business came from Aadhaar Mitra. So that is the split on Aadhaar Mitra. Your 
second question was on Tier 1, Tier 2, the business and the split of the branches and then the 
business? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
November 06, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Arjun Vikas: 
No, I meant when we compare Tier 1, Tier 2 markets versus Tier 3, Tier 4 markets, is the 
sourcing mix different? Are we getting that when you say 24.4% on an overall level, is that 
different in Tier 1, Tier 2 versus Tier 3, Tier 4? 
Rishi Anand: 
From an Aadhaar Mitra perspective your Tier 1, Tier 2 will contribute more business from 
Aadhaar Mitra because these are larger locations where you have more Aadhaar Mitra. Smaller 
locations when we talk about very, very small locations which are Tier 3, Tier 4, the number of 
Aadhaar Mitras will be low, hence the contribution will be low. 
Arjun Vikas: 
Understood. Would it be possible to quantify like when you say low, like is it like significantly 
low? 
Rishi Anand: 
Arjun, I'll have to get back on that or somebody will get back on that because I don't have that 
split right away. 
Arjun Vikas: 
No worries. And similarly, on does the login to disbursal ratio, the sanctioned disbursals which 
talked about 40%, 45%, does that vary significantly between these two types of markets? 
Rishi Anand: 
No, so fortunately, that does not vary. It will vary a couple of percentages here and there, 
depending on the kind of business that is sourced in a particular month. But when we say 42% 
to 45% that is standard all across the kind of cities that you're talking about, whether it is Tier 1 
or Tier 4. 
Management: 
I think you had a question BT in. 
Arjun Vikas: 
BT in and BT out both? 
Management: 
As a strategy I think last time also we spoke about it. As a strategy, we don't promote too much 
of BT in. BT in, in terms of percentage will be less than 2% annualized of my business. We don't 
promote too much of BT in unless it's a reference from an existing customer. BT out, we've 
already indicated on the call, it's about 5.8% annualized. 
Arjun Vikas: 
Sorry, I just wanted to say again, is there a trend between or a difference between Tier 1, Tier 2 
and Tier 3, Tier 4 on these numbers or are they broadly similar? 
Rishi Anand: 
Yes, so Tier 1, Tier 2 we'll see a lot more percentage in terms of the split between Tier 1, Tier 
2, BT out will be higher in Tier 1, Tier 2 versus which is higher, versus Tier 3, Tier 4. One is the 
quantum of book is small there. Competition plays a little more, I would say, aggressive strands 
in metros and Tier 1, Tier 2 locations. 
Arjun Vikas: 
Understood. And sir could you help us guide towards growth how much will come from Tier 3, 
Tier 4 locations going forward versus Tier 1, Tier 2? 
Rishi Anand: 
So, Arjun, when we say 18% to 20% disbursement growth and about 21% to 23% AUM growth, 
we are talking about all mature branches. In our case, Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3 or Tier 4, our branches 
are all mature. They've been around for greater than 12 months. So, I would say in terms of 
percentage contribution, it is going to be on a standalone basis, each branch will contribute 
similar percentages. And that's what we drive, we drive holistic approach rather than a metro 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
November 06, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
location contributing more growth versus a smaller location not contributing growth. We drive 
that’s how we run the company. We drive more holistic growth. Our new initiative, which I 
spoke about in my opening speech of deeper impact, they will contribute 5% to 8% of the 
business. It's a new initiative, so it will take a little more time to get matured. 
Arjun Vikas: 
Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Lion of Sonal from Asian Market Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Sonal: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Am I audible? 
Rishi Anand: 
Yes, please. 
Sonal: 
Yes. So, a couple of questions. First one is on free income. So, if I look at fee income as 
percentage of disbursement that has come down slightly this quarter. So, previous three quarters 
we've been in the range of 2.4% to 2.9%. This quarter, we've been around 2.1%. So how should 
we kind of model this number and any sense that you can give that this number would be going 
down or will it remain at 2.1%? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
I think Sonal the way to look at it is that this may be some quarterly movements. It's not 
significant. I think to be conservatively you should model it around 2.2% to 2.4%.  
Sonal: 
Around 2.4%. Okay.  
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
That's right. 
Sonal: 
So, there was a question earlier on disbursement yield. So you said that disbursement yields are 
basically 30 basis points to 40 basis points lower than on book yield. I'm not sure if I heard it 
correct, but if you could just tell me what is the disbursement yield at the moment and what is 
our on-book yield for home loans as well as non-home loan portfolio? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
I think our book yields are about 14%. And as I said disbursement yields will be about 40 bps 
lower. And typically, we make about 350 basis points higher on non-home loan versus home 
loan. Typically, they earn us about 350 basis points higher. So that's basically the split which we 
will have on incremental disbursements also. So as I said, 40 bps lower in terms of overall yield 
and in terms of mixed non-home loans which today constitute approximately 25%, 26% of AUM 
will give me 350 basis points higher and in terms of incremental disbursements also, they are in 
the same range of about 27%, 28% and they give us 350 basis points higher. 
Sonal: 
Okay. And sir what is our branch addition plan for the year? So far, we've added about 22 
branches. So how do we see for the entire year? 
Rishi Anand: 
Sonal, as indicated last time also we are looking at anywhere between 70 to 75 new branch 
network. In H1, we've already added 22 branches into our latest 545 number. And we will 
currently as we speak, we want to stick to our plan of 70 to 75 new branches. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
November 06, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Sonal: 
Okay. So just going back on the previous question on the yields, we've taken a 25 bps PLR hike. 
So what I understand is basically incremental rates are 40 basis points lower. We're expecting 
cost of funds will move from 8% to about 8.2% by the end of the year. So that's like a hike of 
20 basis points. So how should we look at spreads? We've been guiding at 5.8%, but broadly the 
Math says it could trend a little lower than that. So, if you could just help me to understand those 
numbers? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Sure. I think 5.8% is something that we will strive to achieve. There are two, three reasons, two, 
three levers that we believe that we will have. One is that on an incremental borrowing basis, 
the entire NHB lower rate scheme has not come in. So basically, we expect that to come in 
hopefully by third quarter or fourth quarter. So, we will get some benefit from our incremental 
borrowings which will happen over there. 
And typically, what we generally see that quarter 3 onwards or rather quarter 3 and a bit of 
quarter 4 is where the yields do increase a bit in terms of incremental yields. So, we are also 
looking at how we can increase the incremental yields from quarter 3, at least. Quarter 4 
generally there is a lot of competition in the market in terms of various contests, which get 
launched and there is always pressures on yields in quarter 4. 
So, we will try and maximize our yield during this period of say October to January is what we 
are internally planning. 
Sonal: 
Okay. And any change in the mix? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
In terms of HL, NHL, no we still believe that we should be as we end the year in terms of book 
composition we would be 75-25. In AUM composition, it could be slightly higher when you 
look at AUM of non-home loans. What we end up doing is we try to direct assign a significant 
portion of our direct assignment will come from non-home loans. So, on a book basis, we will 
strive to maintain 75-25. 
And in terms of overall self-employed and salaried book, I think we try to as we have already 
always said that every year we will try to move around 1.5% of AUM every year from salaried 
to self-employed. Because in self-employed again we have a 300 bps to 400 bps incremental 
rate that we are able to get from the consumer. And even risk adjusted for NPS, these are good 
spreads to strive. So, on an overall basis, no change HL, NHL. 
On self-employed and salaried as we have guided earlier, we will try to move 1.5% every year. 
This is a lever which we use very, very carefully. 
Sonal: 
Sure. That answers. All the best sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Rajiv Mehta from Yes Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Hi, good evening. Congrats on good numbers. So my question first was on marginal rate of loans 
and you said that there's been an improvement of 10 basis points, 15 basis points from Q4 levels 
in the first half of the current year. So, this has been driven by any push-up in terms of rates from 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
November 06, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
our side or is it purely a factor of mix, incremental lending mix moving towards mortgage loans 
and self-employed home loans? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
No, major change in mix, Rajiv. As I said quarter 4 to a certain extent, is impacted because of 
various competitive elements in the market. Two things which played out is because we anyhow 
took a 25 bps increase in rates in June. I think the sales team was also guided internally to look 
at maximizing rates. 
So a mixture of both, some unwinding of competitive schemes as well as the general strive to 
push through some rates, rate hikes which you took on the entire book on the incremental bit is 
what gave us the 10 bps to 12 bps of incremental hike over quarter 4 of last year, but no change 
in mix or no change in strategy on that. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
And given the current competitive intensity which you see across markets, what is the thought 
process about how quickly we would want to pass on any cost of fund benefits to the customer 
through PLR, RPLR reduction? Would we keep some lag in passing it on whenever the cost of 
fund reduces, or would it be pretty immediate? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
I think, Rajiv, rate increase or decrease is as per guidance by Board and ALCO, and I'll quote 
denominated RPLR policy. When the markets do correct in terms of rate decrease, first of all, 
the banks need to pass it on to us. So MCLR has to unwind for the bank. We have to then find 
out whether we fit into a bucket of a 6-month MCLR or a 1-year MCLR. So that gets passed on 
to me. 
When we see definitive action happening and when we see our rates do drop, actually on the 
books and when it becomes a meaningful percentage to the consumer in the range of say broadly 
0.15% onwards is something that we will look. In terms of lag, the lag will definitely be very 
short from the MCLR pass on to us to what we passed on to the consumer. 
It will be an operational lag, but it can't happen that tomorrow RBI drops rates, and we pass it 
on to the customer because it should reflect in my COF. Once it reflects in my COF, there will 
be hardly maximum of a quarter by which I have to pass it on. That carry is more of an 
operational carry and that carry is not a profit and strategy carry. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
No, understood. And just a clarification, the portfolio yield which you report in the presentation 
is that the contractual yield? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
It's a contractual day and yield. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
A day and yield and which is why that partly explains that we did not see much of an increase 
in Q2 over Q1 despite the PLR hike we did in June because it was already captured in the June 
end yield number? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
That's exactly right. The June end yield number, though we did it on June 17th, what we reported 
captured the yield, whereas if you took out the realized yield which would have happened in the 
P&L.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
November 06, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Yes, there's an increase. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
It will actually reflect over here. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Got it. And just lastly on NHB sanction and pipeline, whatever we have, some visibility, what 
is the quantum and how much of it do we expect to come through under the low-cost scheme? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
To be honest, we have applied to NHB. Our current sanctions, we exhausted in Q2. We have 
applied to NHB. NHB would come in with a sanction hopefully in quarter 3. And as a strategy, 
we draw it systematically over four quarters. Just to give a reference number, last year we had a 
INR1,000 crores sanction which came in, which was drawn down over a four quarter period. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Clear. Thank you and best of luck. 
Rishi Anand: 
Thank you so much, Rajiv. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rudraksh Kalra from MB Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Rudraksh Kalra: 
Yes. My question to you is the housing finance, although the segment has been growing rapidly 
with competition has also been growing. So, my question is, how is Aadhaar going to navigate 
it and what is its broader strategy? Are you guys going to be aggressive or are you going to be 
moderate or are you going to be conservative in your approach? Thank you. That's my question. 
Rishi Anand: 
Thank you, Rudraksh, for your question. You spoke about competition I think I would want to 
start with saying that we are the only low-income housing finance player available across 21 
states. So, I think our biggest strength is our distribution. We have about 545 branches spread 
across the length and breadth of the country. When you talk about competition, competition is 
more regional for us.  
So we go to South, we face some competition, come to Central India, some competition, Western 
some competition. So, we don't have a Pan-India competition. Are we going to be very 
aggressive in our approach? I would say no. We would be moderate. We will not be very 
conservative also, but we want to play very moderate. We would choose the risks that we want 
to choose. So, no aggressive play at all in the field.  
Our branches and our people are over in terms of vintage, they are over 7 years plus in terms of 
branch manager and above. So, we have a very vintage team who understand the consumer, who 
understand the risk and who understand what is deliverable to the company. So yes, our 
distribution is going to play a very important role. Will competition keep coming? 
Obviously, competition will keep coming, but our forward-looking strategy of deeper impact is 
where we are going to play a big role. In deeper impact, we've already in the last financial year, 
we've touched five states. As we speak in the current financial year, we've already initiated 
launch of deeper impact locations in three more states. 
So that's where we are heading to. So, it's going to be a perfect balance between Tier 1, Tier 2, 
Tier 3, Tier 4 and deeper impact locations for us. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
November 06, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Rudraksh Kalra: 
Just a follow-up question. So, when the RBI starts cutting rates, if it cuts too aggressively or if 
it cuts slowly, does that - will that have any sort of impact? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
So 80% of our book are floating, 78% liability being floating. Whatever, as we explained just 
now, whatever aggressive or non-conservative pass-on to us happens, we will pass it back to the 
consumer. The 80% consumers will benefit from it as soon as I get benefit. So, this is the 
advantage of running a floating book and a well-matched floating book. 
Rudraksh Kalra: 
Thank you so much. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Thank you, Rudraksh. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Jagdish Sharma, who's an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Jagdish Sharma: 
Hi there. Congratulations for the results. I have two questions. The first question is, in recent 
interviews, you have told your bottom line may grow at 30% to 35% in the coming years. Will 
that guidance still be on, sir? Will you say the guidance is still on? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
So, I think, to be honest, I think there may be some miscommunication here. We have guided 
two, three things. One is that we have guided disbursements will grow in the range of 18% to 
20%. Our AUM growth will be in the range of about 22% to 24%. And profit, typically, if you 
look at the profit growth of the previous year, it will generally be in the treadmill of about if you 
look at the math, it will generally be in the threshold of about 23% to 27%. So that is the way it 
was. I'm not sure we ever mentioned 35%. 
Jagdish Sharma: 
Okay, So the profit will be in the range of 23% to 27%, okay. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Sir, you can do the math yourself. 
Jagdish Sharma: 
Yes, understood. So the second is one of the peers of yours... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Jagdish, I request you to join the question queue for any follow-up 
questions. Our next question is from the line of Faraz Motani from Paragon Partners. Please go 
ahead. 
Faraz Motani: 
Yes, I have two questions. First one being, what would be a weighted average tenor on the 
borrowings? And the second question would be, what would be the productivity for sales 
employees in terms of files at the disbursement level? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
In terms of borrowing tenor, it would be broadly in the range of 6 to 6.5 years. To put it into 
perspective, our behavioral tenors of our home loans in the range of 8 to 9 years and the 
behavioral tenor of our non-home loans is in the range of about 4 to 5 years. So typically, if you 
do a mix of both of that and compare it to our borrowings tenor, it is more or less in line with 
that. The other thing was on the number of files. 
Rishi Anand: 
Yes, the productivity of the direct sales team, which is right at the front end, is 3 logins per 
month and about 1.25 to 1.29 disbursement units per month. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
November 06, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Management: 
Got it. And this would be at a blended level across all the sales employees? 1.2 at a unit. 
Rishi Anand: 
Every level would have a different productivity matrix for us. DST, right at the front end, is the 
one who matters the most and these are the numbers I have indicated. As you move ahead, the 
supervisory layers productivity numbers will depend on how many DSTs he has. So, it is a 
different mechanism. 
Faraz Motani: 
Sir, what I am trying to understand is on a steady state basis, so when a sales employee matures 
being in a system for 9 to 12 months, what would be the files disbursed by him or logins done 
by him on a per month basis at the file level? 
Rishi Anand: 
Very interesting question. So, when I told you 1.25 files disbursement, it is for all the people put 
together. But if the way you want to break it, if a person below 6 months, above 6 months, the 
productivity actually becomes almost double. So, it is 2 plus, 2.2 to be precise when he moves 
6 months plus. 
Faraz Motani: 
Got it, sir. Thank you. 
Rishi Anand: 
Welcome. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was our last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Nischint for closing comments. 
Nischint: 
Thank you very much for joining us today. We thank the management for giving us an 
opportunity to host the call. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Thank you, Nischint so much. Thank you so much and regards to all of you for joining in so 
late. Thank you very much. 
Management: 
Thank you. Have a good day. 
Nischint: 
On behalf of Kotak Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your line. 
