Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
Head Office: C-14 A & B, Sector 1, Noida – 201301 Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar, U.P. India 
Tel: +91-120-6752100, 6752278, Fax: +91-120-2521866, 2521966, Website: www.motherson.com 
 
November 19, 2024 
 
 
  BSE Limited 
  1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
  Rotunda Building  
  P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort 
  MUMBAI – 400001, India  
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400051, India 
 Scrip Code: 517334
Symbol: MOTHERSON 
 
 
Ref.  :   Transcript of earning conference call      
 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam(s) 
 
This is with reference to our letter dated November 12, 2024, informing about the audio recording of 
earnings conference call on the unaudited standalone financial results and consolidated financial 
results for the second quarter and half year ended on September 30, 2024.  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the aforesaid earnings conference call.  
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company: www.motherson.com  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Samvardhana Motherson International Limited  
 
 
 
 
Alok Goel 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  Regd Office: 
Unit – 705, C Wing, ONE BKC, G Block  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East 
Mumbai – 400051, Maharashtra (India)  
Tel: 022-61354800, Fax: 022-61354801  
CIN No.: L35106MH1986PLC284510 
Email: investorrelations@motherson.com  
ALOK 
GOEL
Digitally signed by 
ALOK GOEL 
Date: 2024.11.19 
14:35:08 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
“Samvardhana Motherson International Limited (SAMIL)  
Q2 FY25 Results Conference Call” 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. Vivek Chaand Sehgal, 
Chairman 
 
Mr. Laksh Vaaman Sehgal, 
Director 
 
Mr. Pankaj Mital, 
COO and Whole Time Director, SAMIL 
 
Mr. Kunal Malani, 
CFO, SAMIL 
 
Mr. Rajat Jain, 
COO, Vision Systems Business Division  
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY'25 Results Conference Call of 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vivek Chaand Sehgal. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining the Quarter 2 Results 
Call for SAMIL. I'm pleased to announce the Board has approved the results for Quarter 2 of 
Financial Year 2025. The company has delivered a resilient performance in a subdued 
automotive production environment with various pockets of challenge. As you know, where 
challenges exist so do opportunities. Our diversification strategy of 3CX10 helps us to mitigate 
regional volatilities. The diversification is further bolstered with the addition of new companies, 
new components, increased penetration with customers and expansion in countries. 
 
Our business continues to grow at a commendable pace. The automotive book business is a 
healthy USD 88 billion of lifetime sales ensuring future visibility of revenues. We continue to 
follow the customer and aspire to be a sustainable solutions provider while keeping the financial 
prudence in check. I would now like to hand over to Vaaman and the team to provide a walk-
through and business insights for the quarter. Over to you, Vaaman. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Thank you, Papa. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the SAMIL Earnings 
Call for Quarter 2 FY 2025. SAMIL reported quarterly revenues of approximately INR 27,800 
crores, up 18% with a reported EBITDA of INR 2,641 crores, up 32%. In terms of bottom line, 
our reported PAT for concerned share is INR 880 crores registering a growth of 336% on a year-
on-year basis. There is a one-time adjustment for fair valuation gain in respect of the acquisition 
of the controlling interest in erstwhile joint venture with Sojitz for the 270 acre industrial park 
in Chennai. The normalised EBITDA is INR 2,463 crores and the normalised PAT concern share 
is INR 747 crores. This is all in presentation Slide 9 if you want more details. 
 
Please do note that quarter 2 is usually a seasonally weaker quarter with the summer holidays 
and plant shutdowns in Europe and our performance should be viewed in this context. On the 
revenue side, we continue to grow due to various contributing factors. The organic business 
continues to outpace the industry growth and deliver consistent increase in content as a result 
which we have registered a 4% to 5% growth over the market using the light vehicles numbers 
as a proxy.  
Further, the acquired assets continue to contribute to enhanced size and scale and open multiple 
avenues of synergies with the rest of the business. As of September 2024, we have a large 
automotive book business of $88 billion providing visibility over the future revenues, which is 
to be executed over the average of next 5 years to 6 years. On profitability, despite all the external 
factors at play, we have remained resilient and delivered an absolute normalised EBITDA and 
PAT of INR 2,461 crores and INR 747 crores.  

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
All businesses continued to improve operating efficiencies and all costs have been taken upfront. 
We are working closely with our customers and are in continuous dialog for sharing some of the 
pain created by the volatile production environment. In the quarter, the automotive production 
declined by 5% on a year-over-year basis (refer to slide 6). There are also various regional factors 
at play. In Europe, for example, it is being attributed to delay in new launches due to lower than 
anticipated demand for electric vehicles.  
In China, for instance, there is a shift of consumer mix which is visible between the regional and 
the international players. So the auto industry is going through a transitionary period with change 
in platform mix and content. On a year-on-year basis, excluding China, EVs have not really 
grown as anticipated, while hybrids are picking up at a faster pace and ICE models continue to 
have long tails.  
Due to this unanticipated platform evolution, the OEMs are realigning their strategies and 
program launches are impacting the production volumes in the near to mid-term. The quarter 
also saw a mixed bag of macro indicators with interest rates and inflation being stabilised and 
showed signs of cooling down, but commodities such as copper while cooled down during the 
quarter is again on the rise. Energy prices in Europe as well are at an increasing trajectory. All 
this coupled with logistics and supply challenges have led to increased inventory and working 
capital requirements. We have more information on this on slide 5 and slide 13. 
 
In this uncertain business production environment, I would like to report that the consolidated 
ROCE based on H1 FY'25 last 12 months basis has improved to 17.3% from 16.9% reported for 
FY 2024. Our constant focus on improvements in each unit has made this possible despite 
subdued production consequently resulting in an inflated working capital. As some of these 
aberrations normalise and we get full impact of acquired businesses and EBIT, we anticipate 
further improvements in ROCE. 
 
To stay aligned with the market conditions, we have recalibrated our capex estimates by FY'25. 
We are now estimating to spend INR 5,000 crores +/- 5% versus the earlier guidance of INR 
5,000 crores +/- 10%. This is despite the enhanced business parameter due to the newly-acquired 
businesses such as Yachiyo, Lumen, ADI, etc. Even though these all are there, the capexes are 
still going to be part of the earlier guidance. 
 
As an update on greenfields, we now have 5 out of 19 operationalised and in ramp-up phase. We 
expect another 8 to come on line in the second-half of this fiscal year. This is a strong testament 
to our commitment to invest as per our customer requirements. 
 We closed the quarter with a net debt of approximately INR10,500 crores versus INR13,500 
crores in June 2024. The net debt in the quarter currently includes INR 1,500 crores of CCDs, 
which were issued in September as a part of the capital raise.  
Without the CCD, the net debt position is approximately INR 9,000 crores. As a result, our net 
leverage is 1 times, a significant improvement over 1.5 times as we reported in June 2024. This 
is on slide 12. This is also well within our stated policy of 2.5x. Our balance sheet has been 
strengthened and it is well geared for potential opportunities. On non-auto side, the 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
diversification towards the new businesses is gaining traction and is on a strong growth path. I'm 
pleased to highlight that the consumer electronics plant has come on stream and has delivered 
its first batch of customer deliveries and are now in the process of ramping up serial production. 
This is a significant milestone for Motherson and will be a driving force for the future growth of 
the non-automotive business. The aerospace division with 16 facilities situated nearshore and 
best-cost countries across Europe, North Africa and Southeast Asia are all well entrenched into 
the aerospace ecosystem.  
Our suite of capabilities ranging from the structural metallic parts to engine parts and we are 
supplying to marquee customers. During the quarter, we also announced a new JV with our 
existing partner, Hamakyorex san to provide core logistics 3PL services, EXIM and sustainable 
packaging solutions to various customers in Japan to start with. Our non-automotive business is 
already at a revenue run-rate of INR 3,000 crores per annum. As we add these new growth spurts 
and ramp-up production in the ensuing quarters especially in the consumer electronics business 
would create an even stronger growth trajectory for the non-automotive business.  
Thus, in a seasonally weak Q2 which was further marred by pockets of macro challenges, we've 
been able to deliver a resilient performance, improve our diversification and strengthened our 
balance sheet for enhancing growth. The costs associated with the challenging environment is 
already embedded in our H1 results. As we look ahead, we expect some of the pain to subdue 
and we definitely aim to achieve much better H2 performance.  
In this regard, our diversification strategy holds us well in an uncertain environment. Powertrain 
agnostic portfolio, large automotive booked business and a strong customer relationship enables 
our organic business to have high visibility. And finally, a much stronger balance sheet will 
enable us to pursue new growth opportunities. 
 
With this, I conclude my remarks and happy to answer any questions that all of you might have. 
Operator, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question answer session. Our first question is 
from the line of Gunjan from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Gunjan: 
Yes, hi, thanks for taking my questions. Just two questions. Firstly, on the acquired assets, the 
revenue seem pretty much in line with last quarter, but there's clearly been deterioration in the 
profitability. So is there something which was one-off in this quarter or anything to call out 
there? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Kunal? 
Kunal Malani: 
So, Gunjan, this is a seasonally weak quarter. We had highlighted it again and again. In this 
quarter, you have the summer shutdowns in Europe. So it's a fairly sizable impact when you 
think from our operations perspective in Europe plus summer shutdowns in other parts as well 
do occur. So it has always been a seasonally weak quarter. 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
 
One-offs that we are talking about, I wouldn't say one-offs, but obviously, the production 
schedules have been erratic as I think Vaaman was mentioning in his opening remarks as well, 
there is lack of clarity around the EV production schedules, the SOPs, quite a few of them are 
getting delayed, awaiting better time and better demand environment in which to launch those 
vehicles and so on and so forth.  
So for many of these volume/uncertainties, the reality is in our quarterly pieces we would be 
taking the entire cost in and then we will be working with the customers to try and find solutions 
for it and try and do gain sharing going ahead. So this has been, as you see it over the last 2 
years, 3 years, 4 years at least post-COVID, this is how it has been playing out. We do take the 
entire cost in upfront and then we do work towards finding solutions for it. And hence here also, 
we anticipate that H2 will likely be better than H1, at least that's what we anticipate right now. 
Gunjan: 
So this I guess would be applicable to the entire business itself where all the costs have been 
taken forward and you will see some of these costs easing through in the second-half and which 
would mean margin improvement in second half. This is more applicable from a margin 
improvement perspective? 
Kunal Malani: 
That's right. 
Gunjan: 
Okay, got it. My second question is on the -- on the leverage. I mean, you did speak about the 
working capital, but if I look at in the span of six months, actually despite raising of fairly sizable 
equity money, the debt has remained pretty stable. So how should we think about you know 
working capital reversal? And also if you can share a little bit on how -- whenever the 
normalisation happens, the deployment or the opportunities that we've been talking about, how 
should we think about that? Is that something which is in next 12 months, it can take longer any 
thoughts around that? 
Kunal Malani: 
So look from a leverage perspective, our leverage has come down on a net basis. It is down to 
1x in this quarter from 1.5x in the previous quarter. Having said so, there is still cash on the 
books, which has got paid down in November. As we mentioned, we would be utilising the 
proceeds to pay-down the debt as it comes due. In November, we have utilised around about 
INR6,000-odd crores. The remaining will also get utilised within the month of November as the 
debt comes due. So the entire QIP proceeds, including the CCD piece will be residing or will be 
going towards repayment of debt or to a very large extent directly or indirectly. 
 
When it comes down to CCD itself, please do note that it is lying in debt right now. Though it 
is actually in the form of equity, as you can understand, it is a convertible instrument. But from 
an accounting perspective, it is residing as debt till the point it gets converted. So you may want 
to recalibrate that portion when you're computing your debt on the balance sheet. 
 
From where the working capital is right now, I think as Vaaman was mentioning, the production 
schedules have been uncertain, there is geopolitical risks associated with how the Red Sea effects 
are played out, there were commotions on the port in the US and so on and so forth. There are 
multiple reasons why the business took a conservative stance across the globe to load on some 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
amount of inventory in order to prevent any disruption to the customer in this uncertain 
environment.  
At the same time, obviously, expectation of better production, which did not necessarily play 
out in the month of September. We'll see how it plays out going ahead. But if it does not, the 
inventory anyway gets recalibrated to meet the production requirements as it plays out. So 
directly or indirectly, we should be able to see a declining trajectory on the working capital 
requirements from here on. And much of what was increased in September should go down as 
we go through the next 6 months. 
 
Also, Gunjan, this has traditionally been always the quarter in which we have the peak working 
capital because you come off the summer shutdowns, then you build up the inventory in 
anticipation of the ramp-up in quarter 3. Quarter 3 typically is the peak production volumes and 
hence you build-up that inventory in anticipation of that production volume kicking in. So there 
is a degree of seasonality in there, but then there is a degree of conservatism, as I said, that we 
have built-in right now in it, which we expect to normalize as we go ahead.  
So from a leverage of around about 1x right now, we anticipate that by March '25, we should 
look somewhere between 0.5 to 0.75x depending upon how the production schedules and 
deleveraging takes place. 
Gunjan: 
Got it. That's quite helpful. And if you can comment on the growth opportunities, I'll join back 
the queue. 
Kunal Malani: 
We can't really talk about the inorganic piece. Organic pieces, I think you would have seen that 
we have commenced 5 of our 19 facilities in this H1. In the H2, we will be commencing 8 of the 
remaining facilities. So a chunk of that will be coming on stream. Vaaman spoke about consumer 
electronics kick starting. We have done our test runs on it and now they will start producing for 
the customers and the ramp-up is expected in H2. This is about considering the larger facility, 
which will only kick-start in latter part of  '26 -- early '27.  
So all-in all, I think organically, there are many legs of growth. You've seen the 88 billion order 
book as well. That's also grown from the 83 or 84-odd billion in March. So multiple facets of it 
and that's why we do believe we will outperform the market. What we do not obviously know is 
how the market does and that remains an uncertain piece. But whatever be it, I think with our 
positioning and our diversity, we should be able to outperform the market. 
 
Inorganically, we will react to it. I don't need to tell you the state of affairs on some of the peer 
sets. You would probably know them better than we do. But on a relative scale, I think we will 
be one of the players having the strongest balance sheet in the industry now and that should 
augur well, especially when pain increases and there are only few players which can actually 
provide solutions at that stage.  
So that's the positioning we have put ourselves in and that should augur well as some of these 
opportunities play out. Time-wise, very difficult to predict on the inorganic front, we always 
have our head-on our shoulders. So we're not in rush to do anything in here, but we'll work 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
pragmatically with the customers to find a good solution and a solution that works for them as 
well as works for us financially. 
Gunjan: 
Got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Amyn Pirani from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a good result in a tough global 
environment. My first question is on Europe. You had done a significant restructuring last year. 
And this year, we've seen some of your large customers in Europe actually shutting down plants. 
So my question was that was your restructuring in anticipation of what is happening at your 
customer end this year in Germany and Europe or does this mean that there is more restructuring 
to come based on the actions of your OEM customers? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Vaaman and Kunal? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Yes, I can take that -- yes, I can take that. Look, if you see the news that is coming out from all 
the German OEMs and the -- in general in the industry outlook, we are being cautious. I think 
the good thing about us is that we have had obviously multiple opportunities of growth, multiple 
acquisitions. And hence, obviously some restructuring has been deemed necessary to make sure 
that all the plants are running at high efficiencies. At this point, we don't see any further 
consolidation from our end.  
Like we said, we have a very strong order book. We have a very strong delivery schedule that 
has to come up, but small things we'll keep pruning to make sure that all our plants are running 
at high efficiencies. But lucky for us, we have an order book, and we have a growth trajectory, 
and the reorganisation is going to make sure that all the plants are driving high efficiencies. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. That's good to know. Secondly, you know, since you've decided to utilise the QIP 
proceeds for reducing debt and then whenever the organic opportunities come up, I'm guessing 
you'll have to lever up again. So is it because you believe that the debt you may have to take for 
the inorganic opportunities will come at a lower-cost because you could have kept the cash 
balance also. I'm just trying to understand from a allocation point-of-view, like how you're 
thinking about when you need to lever up and what are the interest rates going to be? 
Kunal Malani: 
Amyn, if we would have kept the cash, you would have asked why is interest and interest income 
coming so much, then we would have had the other problem. 
Amyn Pirani: 
I just want to know-how are you thinking about it? Obviously, analysts will never be happy, but 
-- 
Kunal Malani: 
Look, I think the thought was very simple. We had taken the money with the anticipation that 
we pay-down the debt because it's difficult to predict when the inorganics will happen, how it 
will happen. Last, mind you, our is a reactive strategy. We've said it again and again on the M&A 
front and for reaction to happen, the customer also views our balance sheet. So, if the customer 
views a stronger balance sheet, it obviously provides confidence to them on being able to give 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
us larger opportunities and that's what we anticipate and hope that they are able to see. So 
bringing this down is just helpful.  
And at the level that we are in with our performance and credit ratings, I don't think re-levering 
is a challenge. And hopefully re-levering will be at better terms given the organic businesses are 
doing better and we would have also shown performance on our existing inorganics that we have 
done in which has generated synergies growth over a period. So we do believe that this is a better 
capital structure to go with and then work with the bank as and when the requirements come in. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay, great. I'll come back-in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Joseph George from IIFL. Please go-ahead. 
Joseph George: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Just one question. When you mentioned that the second-half 
of the year will be much better than the Q2, is that related to the typical seasonality in the 
business where we see a stronger second-half compared to Q2, Q2 is obviously marked by 
summer holidays, etc. or are you really seeing an improvement in the underlying business 
excluding the seasonality impact? And if so, what are the factors? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Kunal? 
Kunal Malani: 
So it's a mixed bag of multiple things. One, you would see from a production levels, quarter 
three, quarter four at an aggregate level tends to be higher than quarter one, quarter two 
combined, because the production levels in quarter three, quarter four tends to be higher given 
the summer shutdown, etc is not there and the winter shutdown is a much shorter period than 
the summer shutdown is. So that's one.  
Two, as we mentioned from a margin profile perspective, you have the -- all the pains getting 
taken in the first few quarters and you work actively with the customers to either see 
compensation solutions or pain sharing as the case may be. And that starts kicking-in only in H2 
and hence you'll see a ramp-up on H2. We've always said always please give us on an LTM 
basis, you may get our picture wrong if you look at us from a quarter-on-quarter basis.  
And we do anticipate that even in H2 at an aggregate level, we should be better than what we 
did last year-plus better than what we have done in H1 right now. At least with what we know 
of the market today, that is what we can foresee. The market volatility remains, uncertainty 
remains, geopolitics remains, which is all difficult to predict. But on the positive side, we have 
a much diversified platform on every count, which even if any of these were to hit us, we do 
believe we'll be a lot more resilient than many other players on a relative scale, we should hence 
be able to get a much larger share of growth opportunities going ahead. 
Joseph George: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Suhrid Deorah from Paladin Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Suhrid Deorah: 
Hi, good evening. I just had a broad industry question. As an outsider, it seems to me that the 
Chinese auto manufacturers are becoming more aggressive and more relevant, not only in their 
own country, but in other countries. Could you give me a sense for how you guys think about 
their presence and how the company is positioned to take advantage in terms of working with 
them? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
I think the Chinese have to export, don't forget that and any country which is importing from 
China has to pay a huge bill in the forex side. In this kind of environment, it's not going to be so 
easy just to be an exporter of cars and to be importing cars. So I think it's too early to say, I think 
jury is out -- if the governments will come back with their -- what is happening in the U.S. side, 
the numbers are going to be pretty complicated. So it’s not too easy to do that. Vaaman, you 
have something to say on that? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
No, I agree with what you are saying. I think of course, the Chinese are setting up plants in 
European countries and it will be interesting to see how they fare over there. I think that the good 
news for Motherson, in particular, is that we are already there present in China. We have already 
at 29 facilities. And of course, while we cater largely to the international OEMs, selectively, 
we've also started to cater to the local OEMs and started to build our relationships there.  
And thanks to our joint ventures over there, I think it's a pretty comfortable position for us. And 
as these businesses will start to now come outside of China, we also have an advantage since we 
are already serving quite a few of them in the local countries. So, in that sense, I think we are 
fairly covered. But like papa said, the jury is out there. Let's see how they perform. One thing is 
to perform in China and it's a different game to be outside. And if that is the case, definitely we 
will also get a chance to serve their needs in the international countries. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Well said. I think you're right. And also please keep in mind that selling a car is easy if you're 
importing the whole CKD portion of it. But to manufacture it in different countries, different 
geographies, different people, the Chinese people are very, very industrious, very good in China, 
but really are they as good when they go out or is the local people who are producing in the local 
countries, are they as efficient in the same? I have my doubts on that, but it's upon you, how you 
look at it. 
Suhrid Deorah: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next is a follow-up question from the line of Gunjan from Bank of America. Please 
go ahead. 
Gunjan: 
Yes, hi, thanks for taking my question again, I just wanted a little bit more colour on the 
consumer electronics business. You mentioned that the first batch of production happened in 
this -- in November and we get into mass production. So anything that you can share now in 
terms of the revenue scale-up of the business? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Vaaman? 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Yes, I can take that. Look, it's still -- it's still, of course small. I think we have said that our bigger 
plant is already starting construction this month and that will take a year and a half for it to be 
fully up and that's when you will see the full impact of the volumes. But I think the good news 
is that, look, it's not -- you can't go from 0 to 100 without having any experience in it. 
 
So from a much smaller plant that we set-up for the pilot line, I think that's already been approved 
and that's going to start supplying like we have informed. So that's a very big step for us. In 
terms of revenues, the impact is still fairly small. That will continue to ramp-up till the main 
plant is up, but we will come back to you when the revenues get meaningful. 
Gunjan: 
Okay. And if I were to think from the INR 3,000 crores run-rate that you put for the emerging 
businesses and this will add-in, is there a number that you can sort of talk about for the exit of 
emerging business revenues because this is -- there are many things which are going on here on 
the aerospace, on consumer electronics, on the medical side as well. So anything that we should 
keep in mind as an exit revenue run-rate that is possible in this segment? I mean, I'm talking 
about the entire emerging business piece? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
So we give a clear direction that we want it to be about 25% of our overall portfolio. It's still 
much smaller than that, but I think as we are now ending the 5-year plan and now that we are 
well-entrenched in these new industries, we'll be able to give you a lot more, let's say, micro 
picture on individually these industries in the next 5-year plan. But the long direction that was 
set by papa for the group was the 25% of diversification and I think that's something that we will 
continue and keep in mind as we move forward. So it will be quite sizable in this next 5-year 
plan. 
Gunjan: 
Okay, got it. Thank you so much. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
I think the largest plant of Motherson which was supposed to be in USA will be beaten by the 
plant which is coming up in Chennai. And just for your -- to give you an image of what kind of 
plant it is going to be about 500 meters long, half a kilometre and it's huge. That could even beat 
the Alabama plant of Motherson. So a lot of things in store. Yes, we have the time. It takes time 
to build this plant and get the production line, so really watch this thing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Our next question is from the line of Avish Bhansali from Chanakya Capital 
Services. Please go-ahead. 
Avish Bhansali: 
Yes, thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to know that if you see on the segment side 
of the modules and polymers, the margins have declined like by 130 basis-points. So any colour 
on that would be very helpful? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Yes, look, like I said, I think some of the most of the piece that we were looking at in terms of 
the restructuring was in the modules and polymer piece. So definitely, we are setting up the base 
so that we can stay in line with what's happening in the market. But I'm quite confident that this 
quarter was probably one of the weakest quarters that we have, and we should improve moving 
forward from here.  

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
So please don't just look at it one quarter. I think year-on-year, as you will see the improvements 
coming, I think we are making the right moves in the reorganization and with the acquisitions, 
we have a good growth opportunity funnel. That's over there and I'm sure that a much better 
performance is coming in upcoming quarters. 
Avish Bhansali: 
Thank you. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next is a follow-up question from the line of Joseph George from IIFL. Please go-
ahead. 
Joseph George: 
Thanks again. I had a follow-up question on the consumer electronics business. So if I recall 
right from, I think either Q1 or the last fourth quarter con call, there were two pieces to the 
consumer electronics piece. One was the assembly business and second was component 
manufacturing in the joint-venture with BIEL. If it's possible, can you give an update on the two 
of them separately? And secondly, the large plant that you mentioned will come up in 1.5 years. 
Is it assembly or is it component manufacturing? Just some clarification there. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
I can take that. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Go ahead, Vaaman. 
Laksh Sehgal: 
Look, both of them have come online and the larger plants are obviously between both of them 
are the larger pieces, of course, the manufacturing piece together with our joint-venture partner. 
And like I said, on the pilot lines, we are quite happy because the lines have been set-up and 
have been approved and we are starting the small shipments as we speak. So the plan is to be 
big in both, but manufacturing of the glass pieces is the one that's going to be the largest part of 
the business. 
Joseph George: 
All right. And that's the one coming up in 1.5 years? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
That's right, I think the pilot lines are already doing both of them in a small way, but the last 
plant will be coming up in one and a half years. That's correct. 
Joseph George: 
Perfect. Vaaman. Thank you. 
Kunal Malani: 
If I might add, Joseph, just so it is clear to you the entire consumer electronics business is a joint 
venture with BIEL once they get the approval. Right now, it is lying as an 100% arm. So both 
the size of component and the assembly pieces are with them and the pilot line is covering both. 
Once that is successful, the idea is to zoom that out into the larger facilities. So that's the purpose 
behind it. And as this works out well in the next 1.5 years’ time, you should see the new facility 
up and that's when the sizable ramp-up will happen. 
Joseph George: 
Understood. Thanks so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Raghunandan from Nuvama Research. Please 
go-ahead. 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Raghunandan: 
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. Good evening. One question. The profit share from 
associates has seen a large jump both on a Y-o-Y and Q-o-Q basis, any specific entities which 
have done well, anything you can call out? 
Kunal Malani: 
No. Look, I think in general, businesses have done well. Our China joint-ventures have done 
well. Our Indian joint-ventures have done well. So that's part of the reason. The other part is we 
-- we bought stake from Sojitz, as you're aware in our MASL facility and land was sold to our 
joint-venture as well. That profitability is also residing in that piece of around about I think INR 
70-odd crores, if I remember right. So that's there in the presentation as well. You can pick it up 
from there. So that's the other reason why the share of profits from joint-ventures have gone up. 
Raghunandan: 
Thanks, Kunal for that. On the order book side being a powertrain neutral company, we have 
strong exposure to all powertrain vehicles. How do you classify the focus on hybrids? What 
would be the share of hybrids in our order book and current revenues? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Go ahead, Kunal. 
Kunal Malani: 
So, Raghu I think in our portfolio, we have currently diversified it or split it between EVs and 
non-EVs. In the non-EVs, hybrids also exist, but as you know, hybrid is a combination of ICE 
plus an electric motor/battery etc. embedded to it. So from our product portfolio perspective, we 
do not club it separately because it is not necessary that the product has a different construct in 
a hybrid.  
And hence we -- it's difficult that all product lines, it is difficult to put it under sector because 
we still supply the line, the customer could decide to make an ICE or a hybrid as the case may 
be. So we may not be able to fully decipher it at our end. And hence our linkage is between EVs 
and non-EVs way to put it. Having said so, hybrids have caught the fancy of the market. I think 
that's the highest-growing segment. And for any slowdowns that we've seen EVs at least versus 
anticipated growth, we do see hybrids kick-in. And in most of the cases, we would have that 
share as well. So directly or indirectly, I think our order book does reflect a decent proportion of 
all different powertrains including hybrids. 
Raghunandan: 
Thanks, and also fair to assume that content per vehicle is generally higher in hybrids compared 
to ICE? 
Kunal Malani: 
Generally it would be if you look at typical hybrid it will typically have a premiumization angle 
even if it's within the same model and hence it obviously carries in a higher content because it's 
supposed to be a much more premium product than the ICE is. So, yes, generally it's true. 
Raghunandan: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vivek 
Chaand Sehgal for closing comments. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Thank you. Thank you for your questions. I hope you found a reasonable answer to them. Look, 
quarter second as Vaaman and Kunal both said is always kind of a question where you don't 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
really know how the market will go, but I think technically we think the quarter 3 and quarter 4 
would be the real performance of the group will come even further. We are very sure that they 
will do better, so wish you all a good evening and a good week ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Samvardhana Motherson International Limited, that concludes this 
conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
 
Safe Harbour: The transcript for the Investors’ Call has been made for purposes of compliances under SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 For the transcript, best efforts have been made, while editing 
translated version of voice file for grammatical, punctuation formatting etc., that it should not result any edit to the content or 
discussion. The audio recording of transcript is available at website of the company, viz., www.motherson.com. This discussion 
contains based on the currently held beliefs and assumptions of the management of the Company, which are expressed in good 
faith and, in their opinion, are reasonable and can may include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements 
involve known and unknown risks, contingencies, uncertainties, market conditions and other factors, which may cause the 
actual results, financial condition, performance, or achievements of the Company or industry results, to differ materially from 
the results, financial condition, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The 
Company disclaims any obligation or liability to any person for any loss or damage caused by errors or omissions, whether 
arising from negligence, accident, or any other cause. Readers of this document should each make their own evaluation and 
assessment of the Company and of the relevance and adequacy of the information and should make such other investigations 
as they deem necessary. 
 
