 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
November 21, 2024 
 
To 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Corporate Relationship Dept. 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block- G, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
 
 
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400 001 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai-400 051 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 500214  
 
 
 
Symbol: IONEXCHANG 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Submission of Transcript for conference call under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Pursuant to our intimation dated 07th November, 2024, we enclose herewith communication relating 
to conference call as per Regulation 30(6) read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015. 
 
The said conference call with the Institutional Investor/Analyst (Group Meet) held on  
Friday, November 15, 2024 was to discuss the financial performance of the Company for the 
Second Quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024.The aforesaid information is also disclosed 
on website of the company and which can be accessed at www.ionexchangeglobal.com  
 
Kindly take the information on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Ion Exchange (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Milind Puranik 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS-4824 
 
 
MILIND 
DATTATRAYA 
PURANIK
Digitally signed by 
MILIND DATTATRAYA 
PURANIK 
Date: 2024.11.21 
11:00:13 +05'30'

 
 
Ion Exchange (India) Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 15, 2024 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Ion Exchange 
(India) Limited Q2 & H1 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal the operator by pressing the star, then zero 
on your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem 
Advisors. Thank you and over to you Sir. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and a very warm to you all. My 
name is Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor 
Relations of Ion Exchange (India) Limited. On behalf of the company, I 
would like to thank you all for participating in the Company's Earnings 
Conference Call for the Second Quarter and First Half of Financial Year 
2025. 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement: Some of 
the statements made in today's earnings call may be forward-looking in 
nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and 
uncertainties, which would cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management's beliefs as well 
as assumptions made by and information currently available to 
management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance 
on these forward-looking statements and making any investment 
decisions. The purpose of today's earnings call is purely to educate and 
bring awareness about the company's fundamental business and 
financial quarter under review. 
Let me now introduce you to the management participating with us in 
today's earnings call and hand it over to them for opening remarks. We 
firstly have with us Mr. Aankur Patni, Vice Chairman, Mr. Vasant Naik, 
Group Chief Financial Officer, Mr. N.M. Ranadive Group, Head of 
Financial Planning and Risk Management and Mr. Milind Puranik, 
Company Secretary. 

 
 
Without any further delay, I request “Mr. Vasant Naik to start with his 
Opening Remarks.” Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Vasant Naik: 
Thank you, Anuj. Good afternoon everybody. It is a pleasure to welcome 
you all to the Earnings Conference Call for the Second Quarter and First 
Half of Financial Year 2025. 
For the second quarter under review, on a consolidated basis, the 
company reported an operating income of INR 6,445 million, an 
increase of around 21% year-on-year. The EBITDA reported was INR 
682 million, representing an increase of around 13% year-on-year. The 
EBITDA margin stood at 10.58% and net profit was INR 506 million, 
an increase of 19% year-on-year, while the PAT margin was around 
7.85%. 
For the first half of financial year 2025, the company reported operating 
income of INR 12,120 million, an increase of around 20% year-on-year. 
EBITDA reported was INR 1,326 million, an increase of around 21% 
year-on-year. The EBITDA margin stood at 10.94% and net profit was 
INR 954 million, an increase of around 26% year-on-year, while the PAT 
margin was around 7.87%. 
Going through the “Quarterly Segmental Performance on a 
Consolidated Basis,” in the “Engineering Division,” the revenue for the 
quarter was INR 3,949 million, an increase of 26% year-on-year. The 
EBIT for this segment was INR 235 million, an increase of 21% year-
on-year. The increase in turnover was largely due to the improved 
execution of several large EPC contracts and this momentum is expected 
to continue in the ensuing quarters. The segment saw an improvement 
in order flow during the quarter. The domestic enquiry remains robust 
and we are hopeful for the finalization of some large value opportunities 
in the next few months. At the end of the Q2 financial year '25, the total 
order book for the engineering division stood at INR 3,580 crores. 
Moving to the “Chemicals Division,” the revenue for the quarter was 
INR 1,968 million, an increase of around 12% year-on-year. The EBIT 
was INR 522 million, an increase of 23% year-on-year. The segment 
continues to record improvement in both turnover and margins. 

 
 
The expansion of the Roha plant for the manufacturing is in advanced 
stage and we expect the commercial production to commence in the first 
quarter of FY'25-26. 
For the “Consumer Products Division,” the revenue for the quarter was 
INR 691 million, an increase of 20% year-on-year. The losses for the 
quarter was INR 35 million as against INR 3 million loss in the same 
period of the previous year. This segment is experiencing consistent 
growth driven by greater market penetration and acceptance of the 
company's products. Our margins remain negative due to the ongoing 
investments in the infrastructure. Anuj, now we can take the question-
and-answer. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Pratik Kothari from Munich PMS. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Kothari 
Unique PMS: 
Sir, first question is on the chemicals segment. I mean there's Roha 
commercialization like you mentioned is six, nine months away. So, if 
you can talk about on-ground, what are the preparations that we have 
made in terms of kind of ramping it up in time in terms of clients, etc.,? 
So if you can talk about the preparation for the same. 
Aankur Patni: 
We have been working on it for quite some time now and there is a 
continuous effort to make sure that once the plant gets commissioned, 
we would have a few customers who would be having long-term 
contract, as also our teams on the ground have been working to establish 
a relationship with several other distribution channels across various 
geographies globally and we are quite confident that in a period of three 
to four years we would be able to use full  capacity of this new plant. 
Pratik Kothari 
Unique PMS: 
So, currently, I believe in terms of reasons our capacity utilization 
hovers between 65%, 70%. So, given that we already have capacity 
available, so why doesn't this ramp up -- are there different products that 
we are trying at Roha, different customer segments? 
Aankur Patni: 
The nameplate capacity is based on a particular product mix and the 
actual product mix can vary based on considerations of optimum 
revenue and profitability. Which is why you don't really see that the 

 
 
nameplate capacity being achieved. In the ensuing quarters, there would 
be a slight change in the way that we approach some of the product 
segments where volumes are high. 
Pratik Kothari 
Unique PMS: 
So, for the current product mix that is it fair to assume that our current 
capacity is optimally utilized, the reasons one? 
Aankur Patni: 
Yes, we are using a substantial portion of our current capacity. In 
general, there would be an unused capacity of around 10%, depending 
upon how we adjust the product mix. However, there are certain product 
lines for which the available capacity would be higher and we are in the 
process of ramping up the volumes. 
Pratik Kothari 
Unique PMS: 
On the engineering part, I think after a while we have seen this ramp up, 
which all of us have been waiting for. So, just some comments what is 
going right and I believe our expectations were that going forward H2 
or maybe next year was supposed to be much, much better than what we 
have seen over the last three, four, five quarters, so some comments there 
if you can? 
Aankur Patni: 
H2 would be better than what we have seen till now, that is our 
expectation too. The executions of various contract are improving. In 
the coming years also, we would expect the improvements to continue 
and we also hope that our order book will continue to grow. We've been 
telling you for the past two quarters about the impact which one 
particular project has been having on our bottom line. Barring that one 
adverse impact, overall, we are quite happy with the way that the 
revenue buildup is progressing. We expect roughly between 15% to 20% 
growth during the current year on a full year basis. In terms of our 
enquiry bank and in terms of the various projects that we aspire to gain, 
the movement is pretty good. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Eshwar from ithought PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Eshwar 
ithought PMS: 
The question I had has already been answered, but there's just one clarity 
I wanted for the year, couple of days ago and they have a margin above 

 
 
of about 20% to 30%. How have they done, what is the difference 
between us and them? 
Aankur Patni: 
I'm sorry your voice is not very clear and we cannot make out the content 
of your question. 
Eshwar 
ithought PMS: 
Sir, the question I had was like I've been interested in your company 
with company for a long time, but I'm new to the space, There's one 
clarity I wanted. EMS released their earnings a couple of days ago and 
they have a margin of about 25% to 30% in the engineering business. 
How have they achieved that high margins? So they are our peer, they 
are in the same segment with us, what are they doing different, can you 
please comment on that? 
Aankur Patni: 
I think it's not fair for us to comment on what they're doing and how 
they've achieved their margins. What I can say on a very broad level is 
that the customers that they deal with and their specific focus of business 
is slightly different from what we do. However, I am not privy and I am 
not fully aware of the specific projects or their margins. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Omkar, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Omkar: 
So I personally feel the water sector is in sweet spot and future is looking 
very bright for water sector. So what is the reason for which we are not 
getting very big orders? We got a couple of orders last quarter, 160 
crores and 180 crores, but that value is still lesser. So, my question is, 
how much more orders are we expecting or at least give some guidance 
or visibility for our business for next or specifically for this financial 
year? And my second question, little bit regards to specifically for 
insiders selling Mahabir Patni and Bimal Jain, both are selling their 
shares in each quarter. Any specific reason for that? Because despite 
being a future for this business, is very bright, what do you make of 
insiders are selling the Ion Exchange shares? 
Aankur Patni: 
The company's enquiry bank continues to be quite strong and our 
average conversion from the enquiry bank into the order book is roughly 
around 15% to 20%. We have a very healthy prospect in the future and 
we do hope that the enquiry bank as well as the order book would both 

 
 
continue to prosper in times to come. The water and the wastewater 
segment is certainly in the sweet spot, not just in India but globally and 
that's why the guidance that we have been continuously giving to our 
investors has been quite positive.  
 
 
As far as the sale by the two individuals that you mentioned, that's an 
individual decision. They have been invested in the company and 
they've been part of the promoter group and management in various 
ways. That's been so for a long time. And while I cannot comment on 
the individual reasons for the sale, I do understand that they have sold a 
very small portion of their shareholding during the period that you 
mentioned, and I guess that it would be to monetize some of their 
holdings. 
Omkar: 
One small question. UP outstanding order is around 750 crores. Can we 
expect at least 150 crores quarterly run rate as we are entering into H2? 
As every con call we are saying UP contract would get substantially 
executed by the end of this financial year. What is the exit run rate can 
we expect in UP contracts specifically? 
Aankur Patni: 
The UP contracts had the expectation of substantially more invoicing 
during the second quarter, but we do expect that in the coming quarters 
the rate of invoicing would improve significantly. However, the 
execution of the contract is quite dependent upon the flow of funds 
which are allocated and approved for our contract, as well as the various 
approvals that we receive from the government and that's not 
unfortunately a very predictable thing. While we will certainly aspire to 
do as much as we can, we are not in a position to tell you exactly how 
much we would be executing during each of the months. 
Omkar: 
Reason behind it in Q1 was because of election period we have not done 
the much execution and in Q2 if I'm not wrong, we have done 60 crores. 
I'm just asking is it possible to do at least 100 crores per quarter, just a 
round number? I understand what you are saying. It's subject to the 
realization of the funds and everything. But can we expect H2 will be 
better for the run rate? Can I say in other words, H2 will be much better 
than H1 for UP contract basically? 

 
 
Aankur Patni: 
Yes, H2 will be significantly better than the first half. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratik Kothari from Munich PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Pratik Kothari 
Unique PMS: 
A few clarifications. One is on Sri Lanka, any update progress there? 
Aankur Patni: 
Sri Lanka, as we've been commenting for quite some time, there is very 
slow progress on that contract and further invoicing or execution is 
dependent on the funds which get allocated to the contract, whether 
through the intervention of Government of India or by the Sri Lankan 
Government themselves. We've had some infusion of funds from the Sri 
Lankan Government and consequent upon that we've been invoicing 
some small values. But roughly around 10% or so of the invoicing still 
remains to be made. We can only say that there is a significant degree of 
uncertainty about when the funds will get allocated to it and how much. 
But, as and when the flow of funds becomes good, we would be able to 
close the remaining portion of the contract at a very good pace. 
Pratik Kothari 
Unique PMS: 
And we had some exposure there in terms of what we had executed and 
yet to be received I think a year or two back. Is that all settled or even 
that is still pending? 
Aankur Patni: 
No, as I said, there is only some amount of funds which are being 
allocated to the contract and that also by the government of Sri Lanka. 
So, while we are quite confident about recovering the amount, but there 
is still some outstanding which is there. 
Pratik Kothari 
Unique PMS: 
And sir, one is this Roha, the resin plant expansion that we're doing. 
Anything on the membrane or the other chemical products that any 
projects that is currently undergoing or under plan? 
Aankur Patni: 
We've just expanded capacity on our membrane facility and we are 
planning to expand that further. We will make an announcement once 
those plans take full shape. As far as chemicals, we have been 
announcing for some time that we would be setting up facilities in 

 
 
Odisha, and as of now those are plans which are still being developed 
further. 
Pratik Kothari 
Unique PMS: 
Are we disclosing margins or this one-off order impact that we have in 
our engineering business, which is kind of suppressing  our overall 
margins, are we disclosing what impact that is? 
Aankur Patni: 
Well, we've not really spoken about specific numbers, but I can tell you 
that the impact of this on our engineering segment margins is 
significantly upward of 150-200 basis points. 
Pratik Kothari 
Unique PMS: 
Last is on the UP. You did speak about this fund flow government 
approach. Do you see a change in their priority of what needs to be done 
because there were some large ticket orders which are put out, it seems 
the pace is absolutely very different from what we were expecting 
earlier? So in terms of when you speak to them? 
Aankur Patni: 
We have large teams deployed on the ground and we were hoping for a 
faster pace of execution right through. We have been in discussion and 
dialogue with the government to try and see ways and means of 
expediting execution. Dialogues continue, but two of the very crucial 
impediments to faster execution is approvals which come from various 
parts of the bureaucracy and also the fund flow, which is allocated to the 
contracts. We have disclosed earlier in election period, there was a little 
bit of a hiccup. Those things seemed to have now been sorted. The 
execution during October was much better than what it was in previous 
period. So, we hope that the pace would be significantly better in the 
second half and we would be able to at least show much better numbers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikas Goyal, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Vikas Goyal: 
So my question is regarding your membrane division. Sir, what is total 
contribution in our engineering segment for the membranes and what is 
current capacity utilization or our current capacity in terms of 
membranes production? 
Aankur Patni: 
The revenue from the membrane division is not very significant as part 
of our overall revenue numbers, but we are running at roughly 60% to 

 
 
65% of the expanded capacity level. As we mentioned on the call earlier 
that we have expanded capacity recently. Further, I also mentioned 
earlier that we are evaluating further expansion of the facility. So, the 
outlook for the future is quite good. 
Vikas Goyal: 
My second question is regarding your hydrolifet in consumer segment. 
Can you disclose the prospects of this business? 
Aankur Patni: 
Well, we are seeing very good customer response to the product and we 
expect that this would become one of the star products for the consumer 
segment. There's a lot of market building required and investments are 
currently being made for the same. I'm sure that with growing awareness 
about the various benefits which the product offers, the product revenues 
will be significantly better in the future. 
Vikas Goyal: 
My last question is regarding this semiconductor business. Are we 
getting some traction in this sector? Have we any orders in this quarter 
for any semiconductor industry? 
Aankur Patni: 
We are working with quite a few of the prospects in the industry. As you 
would be knowing that there are several which are being planned and 
are at various stages of implementation. So, we are certainly looking at 
sectors with a lot of interest. 
Vikas Goyal: 
Sir, my last question please if you can answer. The quality of water in 
solar cell manufacturing and in semiconductor industry, do you think it 
is same or which industry is more demanding for pure water, is it solar 
or is it semiconductor? 
Aankur Patni: 
Both the industries require high quality of water and also high quality 
waste treatment facilities. The specifications of water required by both 
industries is slightly different and each needs to be strictly adhered to. 
However, broadly speaking, semiconductors would have a higher 
specification.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jolyon from Amiral Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Jolyon 
Amiralil Investment: 
Two questions. Sir, on the working capital noted that receivables 
eventually have actually increased maybe from FY'24. Maybe any 

 
 
commentary on that and where do we expect inventory and receivables 
for end of the year? 
Vasant Naik: 
You mentioned about the receivable level. Our EPC segment revenue is 
steadily increasing. That's why we are largely seeing an increase in the 
number of days of the receivables for the current year. And we do expect 
as the engineering EPC invoicing picks a pace in the coming quarters, 
we may be seeing this level at the year-end also. 
Jolyon 
Amirall Investment: Just to clarify. When you say this level as in absolute same level or the 
same number of like receivable days or inventory days, could you clarify 
that please? 
Vasant Jain : 
You can take the number of days because the fourth quarter generally 
we see a higher level of invoicing. So, it will be appropriate if you take 
number of days. 
Jolyon 
Amiral Investment: My second question is on the leadership transition. I notice that the CEO 
transition to the MD in October. I think there was a press release. So 
maybe you can give your background on the new M.D. and maybe what 
we should expect in terms of any potential changes to the organization 
or the way it works? 
Aankur Patni: 
Mr. Indraneel Dutt had been appointed as a CEO for the company last 
year and in a natural progression he has been appointed as M.D. this 
year. The two promoter group families which have been involved in the 
business for a number of decades now, and the four members from the 
two promoter group families, they continue to remain involved in 
guiding, advising and supporting the business and they continue to be 
on the board. However, in the interest of longevity and to bring a little 
bit of a separation between the promoter holding and the operational 
management of the company, it was felt that we should bring in 
professional M.D. and professional management into the picture and 
that's how Mr. Dutt has been appointed as the managing director. The 
rest of the organization continues to function as it was and we do expect 
that the company will continue to grow at a significant pace in coming 
times. The company will continue to focus on creating and maintaining 

 
 
a team of high quality management professionals to fulfill our long-term 
aspirations of global leadership in our business. We would take all 
necessary steps across the company to ensure that gaps, if any, are 
promptly addressed. But per se there is no defined change in the style of 
management or in its approach. 
Jolyon 
Amiral Investment: So just a quick follow up. The transition maybe happened only for 1 1/2 
months, but do we foresee any kind of like change in the strategic vision 
of Ion Exchange or from the company perspective? 
Aankur Patni: 
Well, we are looking at more aggressive growth in times to come. The 
aspiration of the company is to multiply the top line as well as bottom 
line several times over in the coming five to seven years. So, we hope to 
see a slightly more or higher pace of growth and we will see a higher 
degree of traction on the international markets and that's the strategy 
which we have been advocating for quite a few quarters and years now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Samir from AUM Fund Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Samir 
AUM Fund Advisors: 
Sir, I have two questions. One is on the chemicals business. This 
new facility at Roha, if you can just tell us what is the total CAPEX that 
will be spent by the time this plant comes up, and what sort of fixed asset 
turnovers can we expect, will margins continue to remain on the new 
products as well, at the 25% EBIT level that you have and by when 
would you intend to hit peak capacity from the new plant? 
Aankur Patni: 
Well, we are expecting the plant to deliver somewhere around 2.5 times 
asset turn to the total CAPEX of roughly 275 crores which is on the 
primary production facility.  As we've been declaring over the last few 
calls, there in an additional facility which is targeted to give us value 
additions on including the efficiency of production and several other 
matters. Unfortunately, we are not able to offer you a lot of technical 
details around that part of investment, because it's one of the first time 
that something like this is being done anywhere and we would like to 
keep the public information on that limited at this stage. Hence, for the 
purpose of asset turn calculation, we state 275 crores and the projected 

 
 
number as we just mentioned is around 2.5 times over a period of 
roughly four years. In terms of the margin profile, we do hope that the 
current margins can be maintained over at least the coming few months. 
It is dependent upon the movement of raw material prices, the foreign 
exchange fluctuation, the geopolitical scenario, the stability on various 
other fronts. Therefore, it is difficult to give you a very definitive answer 
over a longer period of time. But if things remain as they are, the margins 
are quite sustainable. And for the new facility we do expect to get a little 
bit of an advantage on the cost front. Therefore, we might get a benefit 
of that in the bottom line as well. 
Samir 
AUM Fund Advisors: 
Sir, would it be fair to sort of conclude that based on 275 crores 
CAPEX in a four year timeframe, you could effectively look to double 
your chemicals business which is currently at about 800 crores per 
annum run rate while maintaining margins… of course, it's subject to 
several vagaries, but you should be able to double your chemicals 
business in four years at pretty much the same current margins subject 
of course to product mix and all of the factors that you mentioned? 
Aankur Patni: 
 Yes, that's what that the number would add up to because it's not just 
the resin business that we are talking about. We are seeing growth on the 
other fronts also. 
Samir 
AUM Fund Advisors: 
My second question, sir, is on the consumer business. Now, 
while we say that this business is growing, it's on a very, very small base 
and we've seen over the last four or six quarters at least that this business 
on a very small base, the growth in percentage terms should have been 
much larger where it is not the case. So what are the issues that you're 
facing because we consistently see small losses from this business and 
the sales ramp up is not what one would expect, given that the other 
listed competitor is. is now showing very decent numbers on the purifier 
side, so can you just talk a little bit about if you're facing any issues, 
what those issues are in that business? How long will this marginal or 
small losses from this business keep happening every quarter? 

 
 
Aankur Patni: 
We are expecting the business to grow by roughly around 30% level by 
the end of the current year and the size of the business is in the range of 
around 10 %- 11% of our revenues at the moment and it has been at 
roughly that level for quite a while. But we do see that the current trends 
are quite favorable and we are aspiring to reach a figure of 500 crores in 
the near future. The entire effort at the moment is not so much EBITDA 
focus, it is more geared to reach a scale which is more meaningful for 
that business and for the company. That's why a lot of the gross margins 
which the division is being able to generate, we are redeploying in the 
consumer business to develop infrastructure for future growth. 
Samir 
AUM Fund Advisors: 
So, sir, could you just elaborate a little bit, I mean, are you 
increasing distributors, are you going into new geographies, is there new 
product introduction, how are you going to achieve 500 crores turnover 
in this particular business? 
Aankur Patni: 
We are investing and developing capabilities in all the fronts that you 
just mentioned and maybe a little bit more because as we grow from a 
level which was significantly lesser than where we stand today, we 
would need to build on all of these fronts and continue to provide 
outstanding products and services better than what the rest of the 
industry is doing. With that aspiration, there's a lot of investment going 
on. And in the minds of our team, certainly, the figure of 500 crores is 
not all that distant. As I said, roughly 30% growth by the end of this year 
and then we'll be building on a slightly larger base. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Romil Jain from Electrum PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Romil Jain 
Electrum PMS: 
My question is sir, can you just help me with the order inflow in H1 and 
what do you expect for the whole year? 
Vasant Naik: 
The order inflow for the first half was around 726 crores. 
Romil Jain 
Electrum PMS: 
And normally H2 being better, what kind of improvements you are 
expecting on an annual basis? 

 
 
Aankur Patni: 
Well, it's very difficult to predict exactly what orders we will end up 
winning because there are a few large ticket contracts which are under 
discussion and hopefully if those go as anticipated and in our favor, then 
we should be able to outperform the previous year in the second half. 
Romil Jain 
Electrum PMS: 
Just as an observation, I think in the last few quarters we've seen the 
order book in a range bound. Because there's a lot of work going on 
globally also and you've a lot of stuff on the water space. So there doesn't 
seem to be a lot of incremental order inflow that is kind of coming 
through. So can give some idea of how the international order book 
within our space is performing, how aggressive we are, so the bid 
pipeline has remained in this 8,000 crores kind of a band and similar is 
the order book, so can you just give some flavor on that side? 
Aankur Patni: 
The order book is also a function of the contract which are getting 
executed because that portion of the order book would keep coming out 
of it. So if you see a higher quantum of revenues which are being 
booked, it would require that much more of order inflow to the keep the 
order book levels at the same place. While we have seen marginal 
growth in the overall order book quantum, but the quarter-to-quarter 
order intake has gone up. Just to give you an example, the Q2 of this 
year we have got around 578 crores of inflow of orders, which is 
significantly higher than the Q2 of the previous year, which was at 
around 290 crores level. So almost double of what we received in Q2 of 
last year. 
Romil Jain 
Electrum PMS: 
Secondly, on the chemicals side, so this chemicals roughly with the 
capacity coming in, I think our overall kind of revenue should double in 
the coming years and I think we are also contemplating further 
expansion in this segment. So post this, when are we expecting to start 
that work? And if you can give some idea again on the present situation 
in the chemicals in terms of competition volatility, if there is any on the 
chemicals side? 
Aankur Patni: 
We face competition from several Indian and global competitors in both 
the Indian and global markets. And this has been so for several decades. 

 
 
Hence, a sustained profitability or an uptrend in the overall margin 
profile, gives us confidence in our competitive ability and indicates that 
we have been doing something right. So, that's one side of the story. The 
consumable business in India has been growing at a decent pace but a 
15%-16% growth year-on-year would require both winning some extra 
customers and also substantial international growth. Our strategy is to 
maximize our international business in times to come, because that gives 
us a much bigger headroom for growth. in a short period of time. 
Romil Jain 
Electrum PMS: 
One clarification is on chemicals. I think we had acquired Mapril last 
year. So are the current quarter chemical numbers on a like-to-like basis 
the 12% growth, just to clarify? 
Aankur Patni: 
For the current quarter, yes, it is like-to-like, for the half it is not like-to-
like because in the previous year we had just a few weeks in the first 
quarter from April. 
Romil Jain 
Electrum PMS: 
So Q2 and Q2 last year is comparable, right now? 
Aankur Patni: 
Yes. 
Romil Jain 
Electrum PMS: 
Just one request. If you can give some more granular details in the 
presentation, to assess the business, maybe more data on your 
international order, so the order book break up between some segments 
and also some geographical breakup and some order inflow data, so 
those things if you could give it would be really helpful, sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. 
Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor 
Kapoor & Co.: 
So what goes into the consolidation part in the engineering segment? 
These are the foreign order execution that we are executing because here 
in also these are orders with very, very, very low margins, if we take the 
quarterly number of 369 crores and 394 crores, that is the consol number. 
Aankur Patni: 
So what you're saying is that – 
 

 
 
Saket Kapoor 
Kapoor & Co.: 
What goes into the consolidation first, and the margin contracts when 
we go for consolidation? 
Aankur Patni: 
 We have several subsidiaries, not just international, but Indian also and 
some of these are involved in providing support to the main business 
through manufacturing, through services and through other elements of 
the business where the margin additions may not be that significant. That 
is one of the primary reasons why you don't see a big jump on the bottom 
line. The international subsidiaries are a growing lot and some of these 
operations have turned profitable and they have started to do well and 
there are others which we are still in the process of growing and 
therefore the investments in these have to be borne for a slightly longer 
period of time. So, that's broadly why the consolidation is not that much 
of margin accretive. 
Saket Kapoor 
Kapoor & Co.: 
And when we look for the chemicals segment, it is the Mapril 
acquisition only that contributes to the top line and bottom line? 
Aankur Patni: 
There are some other additions also, but Mapril is the most substantial 
one. 
Saket Kapoor 
Kapoor & Co.: 
For the UP project part and also the thrust of the government on the Jal 
Jeevan Scheme, do you find that there is a change in this or the focus 
has slightly diverted with release of fund also becoming a key point of 
observation for almost every EPC company? So what is the feedback as 
such when we hear other people, they are saying that the center funds 
are not being disbursed, the state portion has been disbursed. So, what 
is the feedback we people are getting and talking especially about the 
UP project also? So what are the key bottlenecks and how do you see 
things shaping up? 
Aankur Patni: 
The elections were a major hiccup, and we know that at the time of 
elections, a lot of the state machinery is bound to to operate at a much 
slower pace, if not a complete halt. And that was one of the primary 
reasons why the first quarter and a large portion of the second quarter 
we faced issues on various fronts, including fund allocation. The fund 

 
 
allocations have improved in October, for example, and during a part of 
September, and we do hope that we will see more of this happening in 
the coming period of time, so that we can carry out our execution at a 
faster pace. If you are asking me about a national view on the subject, 
then it is very dependent upon which specific state or geography that we 
are talking about. And, yes, it involves not just the centre, but also the 
state, and the various areas where they are allocating or deploying funds. 
But on a very general level, there is an improvement in the current 
month. 
Saket Kapoor 
Kapoor & Co.: 
So what we can conclude is that the aberration in the UP project 
execution was because of the monsoon factor also and also because of 
allocation of funds, but that things are now coming to more 
normalization from October onwards. That should be the conclusion as 
of now? 
Aankur Patni: 
 Yes October is significantly better. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Omkar, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Omkar: 
Sir, what is the exit run rate can we expect in chemicals business for Q3 
and Q4 because in both the quarters, Q1 and Q2, the exit run rate in 
chemicals business was 200 crores and you are saying we are at a 70% 
of the capacity utilization. what is the exit run rate can we expect in Q3 
and Q4? As you said last time also there is a still room for the chemicals 
business to improve. 
Aankur Patni: 
I don't think I got your question completely. You said exit run rate? 
Omkar: 
Per quarter, you are doing 200 crores of revenue in chemicals business. 
So my question is what is the revenue are you expecting in chemicals 
business in Q3, Q4? Are the chemicals business will be also better than 
Q1, Q2 because we are at 70% of the capital utilization for the plant for 
chemicals? 
Aankur Patni: 
So for the year as a whole, we are expecting to close on a standalone 
basis at roughly around 15% growth, and on a consolidated basis, 
growth of roughly between 12% to 14%. 

 
 
Omkar: 
The question is, sir, can we do better than 200 crores? As of now in both 
the quarters we have done 200 crores of chemicals business. So my 
question is can we do 10, 20, 30 crores per quarter more than 200 crores? 
Aankur Patni: 
We hope that we will be able to better thanwhatever we have done. 
Omkar: 
As far as margin is concerned, we are at around 11% for both the 
quarters and we said we'll go back to that good trajectory where we are 
doing 12%, 13% or 14% in '22-23. You said specifically as the quarter 
progresses, we can guide you more. So, what is the margin can we 
expect for our entire business – consumer, chemical plus engineering? 
Current operating profit margin is at 11%. So what is the margin can we 
expect -- can we reach 12%, 12.5% in Q3, Q4 specifically because now 
already H1 is over and we are in the last four months of this financial 
year? 
Aankur Patni: 
You are asking about the company as a whole, right? 
Omkar: 
Yes, yes, operating profit margin, which is we are at around 11%, last 
time we were at 11.3%, this time is around 10.8%, average you can say 
we are at 11% for H1 for entire business. So, can we expect our operating 
profit margin can go to 12% or 12.5 because in last con call also you 
said that from here on the margin will definitely improve because that 
one of the contracts was giving you the trouble and where the margin 
was going down. So, I am specifically asking operating profit margin 
for the entire business. 
Aankur Patni: 
Unfortunately, the contract which you mentioned is still not executed 
and we do expect that substantial pain from that would continue and it 
would have a bearing not just on the engineering margins, but it would 
be substantially visible in the overall margins of the company. So with 
that factored in, we hope that we will be able to maintain the margin 
percentage at around last year's level. So, the improvement that we were 
hoping to bring because of operating leverage or higher revenues, may 
not be very visible as that one contract is having a very significant 
bearing. Therefore, we are likely to be at around the last year's margin 
percentage. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sunil Kothari from Unique PMS. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
Sunil Kothari 
Unique PMS: 
One question. Nothing to do with this current year trajectory. I would 
like to understand looking at last past two, three, four years of our 
experience in this engineering segment, water-related projects, our 
experience with Sri Lanka and our experience with UP, for next three 
years, which are the areas where you will be focusing more on the 
business to grow, which are the areas where you would like to improve 
by not taking some projects which is troubling us, so which are the 
things which you will be focusing on and how you see the next three 
years, international and domestic opportunity for engineering segment? 
Aankur Patni: 
In spite of very tight discipline that we maintain, the nature of the work 
specifically in the municipal infrastructure segment did bring in new 
learnings. We are hoping that we will be doing significantly more 
business in the international market. The recent orders that we are 
picking up from the international market are also quite good both from 
the top line as well as the bottom line perspective. The other area is to 
look at some of the sunrise industries, that is semiconductor space, the 
solar space, the biosimilars, the biotechnology space and some of the 
medium to large industries which are more aware and which require 
higher quality of water. We continue to target very select government 
projects. With all the learnings that we've had in the recent times, I'm 
sure that we would be able to translate it into higher quality of topline 
and bottom line. But, we are not going to completely step away from the 
infrastructure segment, though it was never our major focus, but we 
remain committed to delivering at least two or three large contracts from 
that space as well, while international business and industrial business 
continues to be our strength area. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that was the last question 
for today's conference call. I now hand the conference over to Mr. N.M. 
Ranadive for the closing comments. 
N.M. Ranadive: 
Thank you all for participating in this earnings concall. I hope we have 
been able to answer your questions satisfactorily. If you have any further 
questions or would like to know more about the company, we would be 
happy to be of assistance. We are very thankful to all our investors who 

 
 
stood by us and also had confidence in the company growth plan and 
focus. And with this, I wish everyone a great evening. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Ion Exchange (India) Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
