 
                                                                           
 
                                                                           
Spencer's Retail Limited 
Regd. Office: Duncan House, 31, Netaji Subhas Road, Kolkata-700 001 
Corp. Office: RPSG House, 2/4 Judges Court Road, Kolkata-700 027 
Tel: +91 33 2487 1091 Web: www.spencersretail.com 
CIN: L74999WB2017PLC219355 
 
SRL:SEC:SE:2024-25/73 
November 11, 2024 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G-Block  
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East),                            
Mumbai – 400 051               
(Symbol: SPENCERS) 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower          
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
(Scrip Code: 542337)  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the Q2 (FY24-25) Post Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Q2 (FY24-25) Post Results Earnings Conference Call 
held with Analysts on Wednesday, November 6, 2024 at 5:00 P.M. (IST). 
 
This information is available on the website of the Company at www.spencersretail.com. 
 
You are requested to take the aforementioned information on record and oblige. 
 
Thanking you.  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Spencer’s Retail Limited 
 
 
 
Navin Kumar Rathi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
NAVIN KUMAR 
RATHI
Digitally signed by NAVIN 
KUMAR RATHI 
Date: 2024.11.11 18:09:25 
+05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
“Spencer's Retail Limited 
Q2 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANUJ SINGH – CEO & MD, SPENCER'S RETAIL 
LIMITED 
MR. SAKET SHAH – GROUP HEAD (IR AND ESG) – 
RPSG GROUP 
MR. SANDEEP BANKA – CFO– SPENCER'S RETAIL 
LIMITED 
MR. PANKAJ KEDIA – VP (IR) – RPSG GROUP 
MR. HARSHIL GATHANI – CHIEF MANAGER – 
SPENCER'S RETAIL LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AKHIL PAREKH – BATLIVALA & KARANI 
SECURITIES INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED 
 

 
 
 
Spencer's Retail 
 
 
November 06, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Spencer's Retail Limited Q2 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Akhil Parekh from Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private Limited. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Thank you, Sejal. Good evening, everyone. I welcome you all to Spencer Retail's Q2 FY25 
conference call. 
 
From the management side, we have with us Mr. Anuj Singh, MD, CEO. Mr. Saket Shah, 
Group Head IR and ESG Reporting. Mr. Sandeep Banka, CFO. Mr. Pankaj Kedia, VP IR. And 
Mr. Harshil Gathani, Chief Manager. So without taking much time, I'll hand it over the call to 
Anuj, sir, for his opening remarks, post which we'll open the floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Anuj Singh: 
Thank you, Akhil, and good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining our Q2 earnings call. 
Before I start giving some more color on the numbers for Q2, the numbers were announced 
after our board meeting around noon time. 
 
Just would like to preface with the context that this period, Q2 was one where we were 
executing the previously announced decision of ramping down of our operations in South and 
NCR, an exercise that involved 47 stores, a large employee base in the stores, as well as a 
streamlined, optimized workforce in the corporate office and the regional office. This large-
scale exercise had to be managed without operational disruptions across the continuing 
regions. And I would like to acknowledge the tremendous work put in by the team in executing 
this in line with the agreed timeframe. 
 
Further, Quarter 2, as you would have also, you know, kind of noticed from all the earning 
calls of a lot of other retail companies, as well as FMCGs, was a tepid trading environment. 
There were weak consumption trends, particularly in discretionary categories like non-food 
FMCG, apparel, and general merchandise, more pronounced in urban areas where we operate. 
We don't really operate in any rural areas. 
 
And a quarter where we saw continued channel share shift from modern trade, Kirana, to quick 
commerce. In that context, I would call the Q2 performance at Spencer's as resilient and 
respectable, and in line with the guidance given last quarter. If you look at it, the top line at a 
consolidated level de-grew by 9.8%. Spencer's de-grew by 11.3%, largely an impact of the 
closure of stores and ramping down of operations. 

 
 
 
Spencer's Retail 
 
 
November 06, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
 
Our margins were also impacted due to this one-off, one-time activity of ramping down. At 
Spencer's, at a standalone level, our gross margins were lower by 448 basis points, largely due 
to rundown of inventory in stores, which were earmarked for closure, as well as lower other 
income, which was happening in both the continued and discontinued regions as a result of the 
lower scale of operations. 
 
However, our controllable operating costs, both at a store and corporate level, were lower than 
the comparable period last year. And this does not include the full flow-through of all the 
optimization which has been done in the corporate office, which will only start coming through 
in Q3. So, overall, at a consolidated level, our EBITDA, which is the post-Ind AS, was at 
INR16 crores for the quarter, which is roughly 4% of the sales, versus the minus INR4 crores 
in quarter 2 last year. 
 
The PBT for quarter 2 was minus INR87 crores versus minus INR70 crores in Q2 last year, 
largely on account of increased interest costs. Translated at a first-half H1 level, the revenue 
de-growth is minus 6.8%. Spencer's de-growing by minus 8.3%, again, as an impact of the Q2 
ramp down, whereas Nature's Basket on a H1 level is a plus 4% versus last year H1. Our gross 
margins were lower by 142 basis points at 19%, again, largely on account of quarter 2 
Spencer's, where the Spencer's H1 margins are at 17.5%. Again, I'd like to reiterate this is one-
off and post the closure of stores when we operate in our continuing regions. This will come 
back to the 19% levels which Spencer's delivers. 
 
Nature's Basket was almost flat, a slight 10 bps reduction at 27.8%. Our operating costs for the 
first half were lower by INR10 crores, and the Consolidated EBITDA post-Ind AS is at INR46 
crores versus INR4 crores in H1 of last year. The PBT, slight reduction versus last year, we're 
at minus INR131 crores PBT at a consolidated level for H1 versus minus INR134 crores in H1. 
 
We strongly believe that we are on the right path to streamline the fundamental shape of the 
P&L, specifically at Spencer's, wherein we will operate in regions where we have 
demonstrable right to play and win. We're talking about mid-single-digit growth, mid-single-
digit store EBITDA in the continuing regions. Our e-commerce propositions in this region is 
gaining traction. 
 
We're growing by 20% compared to last year's same period. And our support organization 
costs as a result of all the optimization would also be in mid-single digits. So, we're quite 
confident that this is the right direction which we're moving in. 
 
If I look at the Q2 results in the continuing regions of UP and East, it reinforces this 
confidence as we've grown by 4% Q2 as well as in H1 versus last year Q2 and H1. Our 
margins in this region are around the target 19% level, and our store EBITDA is in the 5% 
region, and our e-commerce is growing at a healthy 20%. So, with all of this resetting which 
we have done and the one-offs, the festive consumption momentum which has set in in Q3, 
and the evolution of our e-commerce proposition to a 30-minute delivery proposition, wherein 
we are revamping the entire tech stack for an enhanced UX UI. 

 
 
 
Spencer's Retail 
 
 
November 06, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
 
We are expanding the footprint of stores from where we do our fulfilment. So, today, as you 
know, we don't use dark stores, but we leverage our existing stores from where we do 
fulfilment of our e-commerce orders. We have enabled the backend, both in terms of 
technology and operations, to ensure that we can now start increasing the number of stores 
from where we fulfil. 
 
And this has a direct impact on reducing the delivery time. Today, for example, in a city like 
Calcutta, we have 42 stores. Our e-commerce fulfilment happens from nine stores, and our 
average delivery time is 50-55 minutes. 
 
With the improvement, with all the tech and operations backend optimization which we have 
done, we are today doing our e-commerce fulfilment from 12 stores, and we see that going up 
to as high as 30 stores in Calcutta, which will not only allow us to service all the pin codes in 
Calcutta, but will also allow us to reduce the delivery time to within 30 minutes, if not less 
than 30 minutes. So really, for us we are quite confident that Q3, with all the decisive actions 
of ramping down, focusing on a few geographies, focusing on e-commerce, will lead to strong 
results in Quarter 3. And we strongly believe that we can achieve the operational profitability 
for the business. 
 
And when I say operational profitability, I'm talking about pre-Ind AS EBITDA level, as early 
as Quarter 3 end of this year. So, that's a brief commentary on how Q2 went, in line with all 
the actions which we had earlier announced, and giving you a brief, glimpse of where, what 
the outlook for Quarter 3 is, and what the shape is. We will also continue to look at measured 
expansion in the continuing regions. 
 
When I say measured expansion, we're talking about stores in regions of East and in UP. 
We've added one store for Spencer's in this quarter, in Siliguri. We're adding on two more 
stores in Calcutta in the coming weeks. And we see going up to three to four more stores by 
the end of the year in Spencer's. And on Nature's Basket, we're looking at three more stores. 
 
So, totally, we're looking at five to six stores coming online, as far as these focus. So, that's the 
overall commentary for Quarter 2. I just hand over to our CFO, Sandeep, to just talk a little bit 
more about, the one-time expenses and the impact on the P&L as a result of the closures which 
we did in Quarter 2. Sandeep. 
Sandeep Banka: 
Hi, good evening, everyone. Just to give more details about the recent closure cost of South 
and NCR, I'm just referring to the note number six of the financial statement. Pursuant to 
company's ongoing initiative for improving operational performance and financial health, the 
management has initiated appropriate steps for opening stores in selected geographies and 
ramping down operation in South and NCR. Their costs are higher, thereby adversely 
impacting overall margins at store level. 
 
Accordingly, the necessary accounting treatment and impacts relating to the stores identified 
for closure has been considered in the current quarter, resulting into net credit of INR32.39 

 
 
 
Spencer's Retail 
 
 
November 06, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
lakhs which comprises reversal of net liability on termination of lease contracts INR57.546 
crores. That's a gain.  
And the accelerated depreciation, dismantling cost INR37.89 crores and the provision against 
inventories and security deposit and other claims are INR19.24 crores. This is on estimate 
basis. Adding to this, I'm just mentioning the sale done by the company in South and NCR 
region where we are ramping down our stores we had the loss of INR25.87 crores. If I'm not 
considering this loss and I'm just taking the ongoing reason that's Eastern UP, my overall 
EBITDA should have been otherwise INR7.5 crores. Handing over to Akhil for further 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session.  The first question 
is from the line of Akhil Parekh from Batlivala & Karani Securities. Please go ahead. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. The first question is a demand scenario. I mean, as Amit sir has 
highlighted, we are seeing urban slowdown and some of the FMCG players have already 
highlighted this. So what are some of the key patterns or observations that we are seeing at our 
Spencer's and Nature Basket stores in terms of demand weakness? Are there any specific line 
of items where the growth has fizzled out and are there any items where we continue to see a 
decent growth momentum that will be my first question. 
Anuj Singh: 
I think it's a great question. Giving some more kind of commentary around that, you're 
absolutely right. While the overall consumption in Q2 has been a bit soft, if I were to break 
that down in terms of categories, like I mentioned if we look at some of the discretionary 
categories when it comes to, let's say, FMCG beauty, when it comes to general merchandise 
and apparel that saw, I would say, flat trends as far as Q2 is concerned. 
However, when we look at categories which are non-discretionary which are everyday 
consumption, when you look at staples, when you look at fresh bakery, these are all categories 
which have performed well for us. Further, if I look at this whole mix between the NOBs, 
which is the number of bills versus the average bill value, we see an interesting phenomena 
where our NOBs have grown. So it is not to say that we are getting lesser traffic.  
The NOBs have grown by 5%, but the ABVs have gone down which probably supports the 
hypothesis that consumers are maybe downgrading either from a price point or buying lower 
quantities. So wherein they would either buy a 10 kg, they might be buying 5 kg or if they 
were buying a more expensive one, they're buying. So it's not a secular trend of degrowth 
everywhere.  
It is demarcated between categories. I think the discretionary categories have been impacted 
more. The non-discretionary items which are part of a monthly household consumption basket 
have remained strong. So we've seen staples for us have done well, fresh has done well, 
whereas some of the non-discretionary categories have got impacted in quarter 2, which 

 
 
 
Spencer's Retail 
 
 
November 06, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
subsequently as the festive quarter sets in in Q3, we see a correction which sees a lot more 
non-discretionary going up and discretionary remaining the same.  
So I think that's a bit of a trend. When it comes to nature's basket, nature's basket is slightly 
different. Our quarter 2, I would say muted growth of 1% was largely due to a bit of external 
factors. There were heavy monsoons which hit us and our operations in August and September 
in the West. We also had some delays in terms of shipments, etc and we had a festive order, 
institutional order which did not come through. So I think it's largely because of that, but 
fundamental consumer trends or consumption trends in nature's basket, given the nature of the 
categories there is not something which is a cause for worry. 
I think the overall sentiment is more in terms of Spencer's where certain discretionary 
categories were a little bit more muted, whereas the non-discretionary categories did well. So I 
hope I have answered your question and given you some more. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Just in addition to this and before I get back in queue, so would you be able to quantify what 
will be the growth in fresh items like bakery you have highlighted? So in non-discretionary 
versus discretionary, if you can bifurcate if we have that number or at least some ballpark. 
Anuj Singh: 
So I'll give you some things. So first of all, I think in our continued operations which is the 
regions where we continue operations versus the operations where we have kind of ramped 
down the sales, the growth numbers are different. We were about 4% growth in continuing 
operations, whereas I won't give, I mean, the number for the discontinued operation doesn't 
make sense.  
For our staples business and for our bakery fresh business, we have grown in mid-single digits, 
whereas the other non-discretionary items have been flat. For our NOBs, which we said we've 
grown again mid-single digit growth in number of bills whereas our ABVs have dropped by 
3% to 4%. So that's the quantification. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Okay. And this pattern is similar on the online channel as well like what we have seen in the 
brick-and-mortar? 
Anuj Singh: 
So I think online is very different because online is for us, it's coming off a small base. So our 
growth in NOB are much higher, but as you know, the ABVs tend to be slightly lower in 
online. And as we've expanded our number of orders, our ABVs have come down. But our 
ABVs on the business are around INR900, they used to be around INR1,100 when we were on 
a smaller base. 
So online, definitely given the nature of consumption, given the fact that there are orders, there 
are lesser quantity per bill, the ABVs tend to be lower, but I would say, not that we are at the 
same scale as some of the other big guys, but our ABVs are definitely higher than the industry 
ABV. The industry ABV in Quick Commerce tends to be INR550. We're at around INR900. 

 
 
 
Spencer's Retail 
 
 
November 06, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Akhil Parekh: 
Sure. This is helpful. Just a suggestion, if we can provide this parameter in terms of number of 
bill cuts or number of orders and average bill value, at least, if not quarterly maybe annual 
basis, that would be really helpful. 
Anuj Singh: 
Sure. Do join us quarterly. Ask us the question. We'll share the numbers. You'll get the 
numbers. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Sure. Thanks a lot. 
Anuj Singh: 
Thank you.  
Akhil Parekh: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parikshit Gupta, from Fair Value Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Parikshit Gupta: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity. So I have a couple of questions. I will start with the 
balance sheet, please. I read the note in the results which mentions that the group aims to fulfil 
obligations in the next 12 months, along with the credit line availability and promoter capital. 
Can you please articulate the debt which is maturing in the next 12 months, please? 
Anuj Singh: 
Can you ask your second question? We'll respond together.  
Parikshit Gupta: 
Sorry. 
Anuj Singh: 
Can you ask your next question. We can respond together. 
Parikshit Gupta: 
Sure. I just wanted to understand, are there any plans to raise any equity capital? And if yes, 
are there any debt covenants that restricts us from raising capital either through the debt or the 
equity market? 
Anuj Singh: 
So your first question is, what's the total debt and what is the debt which is maturing in the 
next 12 months? And your second question is plans to raise debt? And if there are any 
impediments in terms of any debt. So these are your two questions? 
Parikshit Gupta: 
Equity as well, please. 
Sandeep Banka 
So my total debt as on 30th September is INR896 crores on console level. And the debt amount 
for maturing within 1 year to pay is INR106 crores. 
Parikshit Gupta: 
Okay. And just to follow up on this, the company plans on servicing this current portion of 
debt, along with the interest payments through internal approvals at this point? 
Pankaj Kedia: 
Yes, see, Parikshit, Pankaj Kedia this side. You are already aware that we sometime back 
announced in one of our board meeting, enabling resolution for raising capital. Since then, the 
board is consciously evaluating the multiple options for us to raise capital. In the last couple of 
calls, if you recall, our MD Anuj, has very clearly articulated that at the company level, we are 
deeply engaged in looking at a path of profitability. 

 
 
 
Spencer's Retail 
 
 
November 06, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
 
And in the last 1 year, multiple measures have been taken for us to ensure that the business is 
streamlined. We have closed down a reasonable number of stores. And the guidance for Q3, 
which Anuj just mentioned, where we are actually looking at a path to EBITDA breakeven 
pre-India's level. 
 
We believe that these are the major catalysts, which will actually help us to come to a point 
where we would be able to raise capital of an appropriate amount at an appropriate valuation. 
But as and when we decide to do something specifically, you do understand that we have to 
first implement the stock exchanges. But I can only give you an assurance that the company is 
working towards that path. Beyond that, we will not be able to share any specific thing. 
Parikshit Gupta: 
I understand. I have one more question on store operations, and then I will rejoin the queue. So 
you mentioned that in this quarter, you have already optimized the costs, and which has 
resulted in about INR15 per square feet of cost savings. Is there any further room to it? And 
just along with that, I understand that the sales per square feet has been marginally impacted. 
Anuj Singh: 
Sorry, we lost you. 
Pankaj Kedia: 
Can you repeat your query, Parikshit? 
Parikshit Gupta: 
Yes. So the first part of the question is on the operating costs on the store level. I understand 
that you have already articulated savings of INR15 per square feet in the current quarter's 
result. Is there more room to it? 
 
And second part of the question is to understand, is there any sales per square feet optimization 
activities being undertaken? Because I had the opportunity to visit a couple of stores in the 
Lucknow area, and there was a difference among different store sizes in terms of sales per 
square feet. Just this final question, please. 
Anuj Singh: 
I think, again, I'll take that question. So I think on the opportunities for further store cost 
optimization, I think I would say that a bulk of the heavy lifting has already been done, and 
that starts flowing in already in quarter 2. Having said that, what we are going to do is also 
look at it at a store profitability at a store level. 
 
And I think it's not good enough to look at an aggregate level and you say that you're at 5.5%, 
6%. I think every store has to be in that zone. And therefore, if you're not getting the right level 
of efficiency, we look at it in a case-by-case basis in a store where there is further scope of, I 
would say, opex reduction. 
 
But let's remember that the levers available are limited in the sense that, you can't do much 
with your rent, you can't do much with your utilities. So then ultimately, it just boils down to 
staff and manpower. And there is a very fine line between going very thin on manpower and 
compromising your service levels. 

 
 
 
Spencer's Retail 
 
 
November 06, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
 
So I think that's something which we will be cognizant of. So I would say that I don't see too 
much more headroom for optimization of controllable opex at the store level. However, at the 
corporate and the support level, we've been doing a series of optimizations. The last one was 
done in July 24, which means that what you're seeing as, costs at the support level, they have 
not flown through in quarter 2, given the fact that, you typically have 2, 3 months' notice 
period. That will flow through from quarter 3. 
 
So just to kind of give you a thing, we had about, 100-plus positions which were optimized, 
headcount which were optimized, the full impact of which will start coming in in quarter 3. 
And just to give you, again, a number which I think I mentioned in the last call also, our 
support cost, which is corporate overheads plus RO, DC & Marketing, last year for Spencer's 
was INR172 crores, which is about 8%. 
 
With all the activities which we are doing, this entire corporate overhead plus RO, DC & 
Marketing, we believe we'll be able to exit at a rate which will be closer to INR114 crores, 
which is almost a INR60 crores savings, and comes down from an 8% of sales to closer to 6% 
of sales. So I think that's the play which you will see flowing through in quarter 3. The actions 
for which have already been done in quarter 2, and the full flow through will start happening 
from quarter 3 and quarter 4. I hope I've answered your question. 
Parikshit Gupta: 
Yes, absolutely. Thank you very much for your time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag from SKP Securities. Please go ahead. 
Chirag: 
So my question is, what is the roadmap for the next 5 years? And how will there be a 
turnaround? 
Anuj Singh: 
Yes. That's it. That's the question. Okay. So look, I would say we're at that stage. And I think 
I've been consistently boring by repeating the same thing. The answer to this question, I think 
five years is too long a timeframe for me to give you. And it is it is building, I think, for what 
we the task on hand is what we're going to do in the next one quarter, what we're going to do in 
the next two quarters. 
 
And in service of that, our first primary objective, which the management had committed to 
the board and also communicated to all of you, our first primary objective is to get to a level of 
operational EBITDA or pre-IMDS EBITDA break even. I think once we do that, that 
reinforces a lot of confidence in the model, the model P&L, which again, I had mentioned last 
time, what we're looking at is a P&L, which gives a 19% gross margin, where our store, opex 
is in the region of 12%, so that you end up with 6%, 6.6% of store EBITDA. 
 
And your corporate overheads are in the region of 5%, 5.5%, so that you get to 1% EBITDA. 
This is not the end state. This is where we want to get to. We had earlier at the beginning of the 
year, we had given an 18 to 24 month timeframe to reach that. We have significantly 
accelerated that timeframe. 

 
 
 
Spencer's Retail 
 
 
November 06, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
 
We are quite confident that we will be able to achieve this in by the end of quarter four exit of 
this year. And that will really set the base for us to build on where do we go from there. This 
will include clearly identifying further growth opportunities in the regions. It will also give us 
a good sense of the e-commerce growth, which we are able to drive. At what profitability that 
comes, it will also give us more options in terms of looking at recapitalizing our balance sheet. 
 
And I think that would stretch, that would truly set the stage for giving a 3 to 5 years picture of 
how we can get to an EBITDA of 3% to 4%. If I start talking about in 5 years, I will deliver 
4% EBITDA, you guys will not believe me, because what you would want to see is how soon 
can we reach to an EBITDA breakeven. 
 
And that's the primary task and objective which we are focused at. I'm pretty sure once we get 
there, we're not going to rest at that level. We will then look from building that stage. But from 
where we are today, last year we were, just to remind you, we were at minus 6% EBITDA. So, 
I mean, let's get to the breakeven, let's get to the 1%, and then we'll build a very robust 3 years 
pathway to getting to mid-single-digit EBITDA. 
Chirag: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ravi from Nuvama Wealth Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Ravi: 
Hello. I have four questions. Why has depreciation gone up two times on a year-on-year basis? 
Is there an accelerated depreciation or closure of stores here? And do we take this depreciation 
level to be the new number for all quarters of the year? Another question. You mentioned that 
Natures Basket depreciates, in fact due to delay of consignment. How do you fundamentally 
derail from this? Is it possible to have more Indian merchandise in Natures Basket? 
 
And what is the average order value of quick commerce, business, and Spencer's? And what is 
the percentage of business that now comes from quick commerce, and where can it go? That's 
it. Thank you. 
Anuj Singh: 
So, three questions. One is around depreciation, the increase in depreciation, and will that be 
the base for all quarters? The second question is on Natures Basket. How can we have more 
Indian products in Indian supply chain to minimize potential disruptions due to import? And 
your third question is what is the ABV on our e-commerce business, and what is the mix of our 
e-commerce business? Have I captured your three questions? 
Ravi: 
Yes. 
Anuj Singh: 
Okay. So, on depreciation, I'll ask Sandeep, if you could just comment on that. It's a one-off 
increase, but maybe you can give more. 

 
 
 
Spencer's Retail 
 
 
November 06, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Sandeep Banka: 
Thanks. Hi. There is a one-time depreciation on account of stores closure in South and NCR 
region, INR32 crores, which is an accelerated depreciation and considered into the books of 
account.  
Anuj Singh: 
So, going forward, we don't see that the base is going to be at INR55 crores, it will be at the 
regular level of INR20-odd crores depreciation.  
Sandeep Banka: 
Over to you. 
Anuj Singh: 
Now, I think on your second question, how do we kind of insulate the supply chain from, 
import vagaries for Natures Basket? Well, I think, that's something which comes with the 
nature of the products if you stop. Given the fact that Natures Basket carries a gourmet range, a 
wide range of both international cuisine and international taste products manufactured in India, 
but also it has to have products which are imported. 
Now, I think having said that, this is a pretty well-established supply chain in India, and we've 
been dealing with well-established suppliers who have the capability to supply to us. So, this is 
– we don't see this as a big risk in our supply chain. Yes, one or two odd incidents in a year 
happen, and the best way to mitigate this is to hold a decent level of inventories as well of 
these products. 
So, I think this is – I would not call it a continued risk factor, but as a one-off. But having said 
that, yes, we do balance the inventory between products sourced from India and what are 
imported products. But again, given the nature of the products, we do sell fruits which are both 
Indian fruits grown in India as well as we do sell high-quality imported fruits. 
We do have packaged goods, foods which are international cuisine made in India, but we also 
do have imported products. So, given the nature of the whole proposition, the products which 
we have, the clientele and the pricing, it will always have a component of imported products, 
and the supply chains for these are very well-established. We don't expect major shocks or 
volatility in that. It was just a one-off impact which was there, and we will handle that. 
Your third question was on the ABVs on e-commerce. I thought I'd kind of explained, but I'll 
again give color on that. So, our ABVs on our e-commerce business are in the region of 
INR900 crores, – sorry, INR900 per order. And again, like I said, our e-commerce proposition 
is a combination of slotted delivery, which is, if your cart size is high, 20-plus items, then you 
go into a slotted delivery, which happens at given times of the day. And those ABVs are much 
higher. 
The ABVs on our slotted e-commerce proposition are upward of INR1,500. And the express 
delivery format, which is our version of Quick Commerce, that is where we guarantee delivery 
within 60 minutes, there the ABVs are in the region of INR900 per order, still, higher than the 
industry average. But again, what has to be borne in mind is that today we are at a small base 
as far as number of orders are concerned. 

 
 
 
Spencer's Retail 
 
 
November 06, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
We do about 1.25 lakh orders a month, which used to be 75,000 orders a month last year in the 
same quarter. But as, like I said the primary focus there on e-commerce is to really increase 
your orders, increase the frequency of orders from the same customers, increase the retention 
of customers. And with that, you would probably be at a ABV of anything above 650-700 is a 
decent industry benchmark to be at. 
Because let's remember that this channel is not a channel which is planned, month beginning, 
large basket filling. This is a top-up channel. An average consumer here shops upward of 10 
times a month. And therefore, the basket size will always be lower. So, we will evolve into 
that. Right now, we are above industry benchmark. 
 
But as we increase our base, as we increase our number of orders, this will come down. Yes, 
So, I hope I've answered all your questions on depreciation, Natures basket, as well as ABV. 
Your question on e-commerce mix is e-commerce, what we call is out-of-store, which is a 
combination of e-commerce and phone delivery, is at 15% of the overall business mix.  
And again, as given, stated ambition is to get it to 20% plus. And the key driver for this would 
be, like I keep saying, is about further evolving our e-commerce proposition. As I mentioned, 
we are in the midst of doing all the necessary investments, upgrading our tech stack, looking at 
all backend operations to get into an evolved e-commerce proposition for us. 
Today, our express delivery proposition in Calcutta, Lucknow and Banaras is a within 60-
minute proposition. With everything which we are doing, we are quite confident that by 
December mid, we will re-launch our express proposition to be within 30 minutes, which will 
be a big improvement and in line with what the market is demanding today. So, that's a bit of 
color on the e-commerce mix. Yes. 
Ravi: 
Okay. 
Anuj Singh: 
Answered all your questions, sir? 
Ravi: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saransh Gupta from Svan Investments. Please go ahead. 
Saransh Gupta: 
Yes. So, thank you for the opportunity. Actually, I have a couple of questions and a few of 
them were answered already. So, one is that, as you mentioned that there is no more headroom 
to reduce the store cost in the future. So, what is the current store cost for Spencer's and 
Natures Baskets, if you can give more details on that? 
And the second one is that, as we know that we have gone through some store closures. So, 
what is the upcoming sustainable cost and the opex after store closure in Spencer's? 

 
 
 
Spencer's Retail 
 
 
November 06, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Anuj Singh: 
So, I think, look, I'm not going to give you numbers in terms of opex per square feet. But I 
think what would suffice is that our guidance is to get to a 12% operating cost at store, which 
is broken into roughly 6% rental and 6% non-rental opex. So, I think that that's what it is. 
And we will not break this up further in terms of giving you SPSF and therefore opex per 
square feet. I think that's the rough number. Are we at that level? No. Are we going to get to 
that level soon? Yes, absolutely. That's what the design is. 
Saransh Gupta: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, that concludes this conference. On 
behalf of Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
