STEEL STRIPS GROUP
Date: 08. LI '2024
BSE Limited
Department of CorPorate Services,
Phiroze JeejeebhoY Towers'
Dalal Street,
Mumbai - 400 001
BSE ScriP Code: 5L3262
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LTD.
CIN: L271 07PBl 985PLC0061 59
Head Office : 
150/T516949 Certified
SCO 49-50-51, Sector-26,
Madhya Marg, Chandigarh-160 019 (lNDlA)
Tel. : +9 1 -17 2-27 931 I 2, 27 9097 9, 27 92385
Fax: +91-172-2794834 | 2790887
Website : www.sswlindia.com
The National Stock Exchange of
India Limited
Exchange Plaza,
Plot No. C/1, G Block,
Bandra-Kurla ComPlex, Bandra (E),
Mumbai - 400 051
NSE SYmbol: SSWL
Call - Analysts/Institutional Investors
piictosure hequirements) Regulations'
Thisistnfu'rtherancetoourlettersdated28'10.2024,30.10.2024and04'11'2024
vide which we had submitted the schedule of Analyst/Institutional Investor Meet'
Investor presentatton and outcome (Audio recording), respectively' of conference call
with Institutional investors/Analysts which was held on 04'11'2074 on "Q2 FY25
Earnings Conference Call to discuss results & future outlook of business"' we enclose
herewith transcripts of the aforesaid conference call'
Subiect: Transcripts of Conference
il;l - sEBr (Listing obligations and
2015
Dear Str.
The
aforesaid
transcript is also available on the Company's webstte at
I
Kindly take t'hfabove on your records please'
Thanking You.
Yours faithfullY,
For Steel StriPs Wheels Limited
'lL/''
lM
tr<ar{i[a bapra;
Com&ny SecretarY
Village somalheri/Lehi, P.o. Dappar, Tehsil Derabassi, Distt. Mohali, Punjab (lndia)
Tel. I+91 (1762) 275249,275872,275173 Fax: +91 (1762)275228
Email : admin@sswlindia.com Website : www.sswlindia'com
Viff"ge, fUurialp.O. Kotabira, Distt. Seraikela-Kharswan, Jharkand-833220
Phone : +91-7631200066
ffi*WffiFv5l
Regd. Office :
Kanika Sapra
Digitally signed by Kanika Sapra 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=0259, 
pseudonym=2pv38i96bgnqah04fxjtcs5koydze17m, 
2.5.4.20=69efacd4356176fb96a3bb7e50299149ebdade38e99ddf8eadb728
ce97f47c9c, postalCode=160036, st=Chandigarh, 
serialNumber=4a4d8f7813566564376498f221f2631aa006ff5a79544a617ce
d2136ba5b80b0, cn=Kanika Sapra 
Date: 2024.11.08 15:32:26 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“Steel Strips Wheels Limited Q2 FY '25 Post Results 
Conference Call” 
 
November 04, 2024 
 
 
 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 4th November 2024 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MOHAN JOSHI – DEPUTY MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED 
MR. NAVEEN SOROT – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED 
MR. PRANAV JAIN – DEPUTY GENERAL MANAGER, 
FINANCE, STEEL STRIPS WHEELS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AMIT HIRANANDANI – SMIFS LIMITED 

 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 04, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Steel Strips Wheels Limited Q2 FY '25 Post 
Results Conference Call hosted by SMIFS Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.  
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, 
then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Hiranandani from SMIFS Limited. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Thank you, Sejal. Good morning and Festive Greetings to everyone on this Call. 
On behalf of SMIFS Limited, I welcome you all to Q2 FY '25 Conference Call of Steel Strips 
Wheels Limited. We are pleased to host the Senior Management of the Company. Today, we 
have with us Mr. Mohan Joshi – Deputy Managing Director; Mr. Naveen Sorot – CFO; and Mr. 
Pranav Jain – DGM (Finance).  
 
We will start the call with “Initial Commentary” from the Management and then we will open 
the floor for Q&A. 
Before I hand over the call to the Management, I would like to congratulate to Mohan sir on his 
promotion to Deputy Managing Director.  
 
Now, I hand over the call to the Management Team. Over to you, sir. 
Pranav Jain: 
Yes. Thank you, Amit. Hi, good morning, everyone. Hope everyone is doing well. I hope 
everyone had an opportunity to go through the “Financial Result” and “Investor Presentation” 
which we have uploaded on the Stock Exchange and our Company’s Website.  
During the past half year, our revenue stands at Rs. 2,120 crores as against Rs. 2,178 crores. 
EBITDA for H1 FY '25 is at Rs. 241 crores versus Rs. 245 crores in H1 last year. Profit after tax 
stands at Rs. 96.40 crores versus Rs. 100 crores in the same period last year. 
Revenue from operation for the current quarter is Rs. 1,095 crores versus Rs. 1,134 crores in Q2 
of FY '24. EBITDA is at Rs. 123 crores versus Rs. 127 crores same quarter last year. Profit after 
tax stands at Rs. 50.20 crores versus Rs. 5241 crores same period last year. 
There is an improvement in EBITDA per wheel for H1 as well as Q2. EBITDA per wheel for 
H1 stands at Rs. 256 per wheel and Rs. 255 per wheel for Q2 FY '25. EBITDA margin has 
improved to 11.33% versus 11.19% in H1 last year. For H1 FY '25, our revenue mix has been 
31% for alloy wheel business and balance 69% from steel business. For alloy wheel rim, sales 
volume increased by 6% in H1 FY '25 as compared with the same half year last year. 

 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 04, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
Export volumes have gradually increased this quarter following a decline in the previous quarter 
due to supply chain disruption, rising global inflation and ongoing conflict in the Middle East 
and Europe. However, we are now seeing a revival in export activity, and we are optimistic that 
demand will improve in the coming quarters. 
Quarter 2 FY '25 export revenue stands at Rs. 150 crores as against Rs. 177 crores for Q2 FY 
'24. Overall exports in Q2 FY '25 include Rs. 27.65 crores on alloy wheel business. For H1, 
export stands at Rs. 273 crores versus Rs. 331 crores same period last year. 
For the current quarter, overall debt stands at Rs. 926 crores versus Rs. 1,047 crores in Q4 FY 
'24, thus a reduction of around Rs. 121 crores. 
Last year we introduced the new business line aluminum knuckle. We are pleased to announce 
that commercialization will begin next quarter, enabling us to start serving our existing 
customers, including two OEMs with whom we have established agreements. Looking forward, 
we aim to fully launch this business by fiscal year 2026. We believe this strategic expansion will 
not only broaden our product portfolio but also strengthen our market position. This product is 
specifically targeted at the SUV segment where OEMs have greater pricing power. With 
increasing demand for SUVs due to their comfort, we expect a strong inflow of order in future. 
Steel Strips Wheel Limited continue to remain laser focused on the road ahead and are 
committed to leveraging every opportunity to drive innovation, deepen our customer relationship 
and solidify our position as a leader in the market. As the industry continues to advance, we 
expect our performance to grow in alignment. 
With this, we will now open the floor for questions and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Sridhar from Axis Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sridhar: 
Good morning to the management and hearty congratulations, Mohan ji. My first query is on the 
exports. Just wanted to understand, you all had given earlier guidance of Rs. 650 crores to Rs. 
700 crores for the full year, so is it achievable this year? 
Mohan Joshi: 
See, I think Rs. 650 crores is what we are trying to achieve in this financial year given the global 
landscape which is there. In the first half I think we have already done Rs. 275 crores. And we 
feel that Rs. 650 crores look a little tough, it is not unachievable. Given the kind of stretch which 
is happening in Europe and U.S. in terms of demand slump down, Rs. 650 crores looks a little 
bit tough. But Rs. 600 crores to Rs. 650 crores anywhere in between is what we are trying to 
target.  
There are two factors to it right now: 
One is the current situation of freight, which has suddenly again gone up and because of the 
Chinese and the Singaporean disruptions, which has created a little bit of uncertainty. 

 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 04, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
And second thing is, given the situation, which is there in U.S., I feel a lot of uncertainty is there 
with this Trump and Harris coming into picture. People are expecting a lot of turmoil which is 
going to be on the policy front. 
Once Trump comes in and he starts to roll over a lot of those things which were stopped after he 
was removed. So, if Trump comes in it's a good news for India, given that his landscape towards 
China is fairly, very, very volatile. 
So, we expect a very, very good situation for India for coming five years, given that Trump wins. 
And it's a momentary thing which is going to be stabilizing towards this Q3, where uncertainty 
is going to go out. And if Trump wins, it's very, very good for India. 
Sridhar: 
And sir, generally from other Tier-1, Tier-2 suppliers, they are mentioning that OEMs are in 
pain, specifically passenger vehicles. So, as we do not cater to OEMs, we cater to the 
aftermarket, so in the alloy segment we have seen a considerable increase in your exports. How 
is the outlook for passenger vehicles? 
Mohan Joshi: 
See, from a perspective of total exports, given that the European as well as American markets 
are down anywhere between 15% to 35%, based on which continent are you supplying. Given 
that we were at Rs. 635-odd crores last year, and with that kind of a momentum and all the 
customer orders in our hands, we feel that if we are anywhere above Rs. 600 crores, it's a 
commendable thing, given the landscape which is happening in the industry. The intent is 
towards alloy wheels, which you have rightly mentioned that that space is growing, and we are 
already at a decent space. And we feel that for this financial year 50% growth on alloy wheel 
export will be a minimum thing which is going to be targeted by us. 
Sridhar: 
And on the domestic front, CV demand seems a bit tepid, and the momentum was also down in 
the first half. How do you foresee the second half of FY '25 and FY '26? Anything from the 
OEMs' side on their order book or purchase order, any changes that you see? 
Mohan Joshi: 
So, see, for the first half in terms of truck products, in terms of overall domestic situation, I think 
the situation was anywhere down between 15% to 16%. I think for the full year the expectation 
for the industry is a downgrade of 7% odd, and H2 will be a better year given that it is historic 
over past so many years in terms of this CV cycle to improve in H2, which we have started 
seeing in the month of October. And we believe that from November end, the situation should 
again do better. And for the full year, industry degrowing at 7%, we are anticipating that we are 
going to be anywhere between 1% to 2% down in terms of volumes. The reasons are known in 
the industry. One is obviously elections, where three, four months of election dilemma was there 
and a lot of spending cuts were done. The second reason is obviously the heavy monsoons across 
the nation which are now stabilizing. And I feel H2 is going to be much better than H1 for 
industry. 
Sridhar: 
So, do you expect high-single-digit or maybe double-digit growth in second half in all segments, 
like from SSWL side I wanted to understand. 

 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 04, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Mohan Joshi: 
See, what I feel is that industry is trying to cap the number at minimum say 7% odd or so. And 
for the first half, we have degrown by 16%. We feel that this 16% should end up, if the industry 
grows at minus 7%, then maybe minus 1% to minus 2% for SSWL. I can tell you that. 
Sridhar: 
And how is the outlook on the tractor segment since we have made various LTAs with various 
OEMs, so what kind of growth for SSWL in the tractor wheels can be expected for the full year? 
Mohan Joshi: 
See, the industry was talking about a flattish year this year in terms of tractor segment. I think 
the first half has been very, very good in terms of anticipation of monsoons and good monsoons 
played out and farm income going up, the minimum wages going up. So, all these things have 
ensured that we are traveling at close to 12% H1 growth for the domestic market. And we feel 
that as against the last year's share of business of close to 36%, 37%, we will end up this year at 
41%, 42%. So, irrespective of the industry growth, maybe at a flat rate, we feel that we are going 
to hit the highest number of tractors for this financial year. And that growth could be anywhere 
between 9% to 10% to 11% for the Financial Year ‘24-'25. 
 
And the trend is very, very aggressive and on this side that first we need to stabilize at 41%, 42% 
in terms of the industry landscape. At the same time, we have been updating that this segment is 
towards the export side also where a lot of development is underway right now. And close to 
three global RFQs are being attended by us to make entry towards two large OEMs of tractor 
and OTR segment. We believe that the results should be out by December or so. And I believe 
that in Q4 we will be talking about that. 
Sridhar: 
So, I believe our EBITDA per wheel, which is like around Rs. 250 to Rs. 255, it should push 
more northwards towards Rs. 260 if the tractors and CV segments play out well for us. I think 
that is correct. 
Naveen Sorot: 
So, see, that has already started to happen. If you look at H1 current year, we are already at Rs. 
256 and this number is versus Rs. 251, which was H1 last year. So, this number has already 
started to inch upwards. I guess the margins have also increased, if you look at in terms of 
percentages. And as the mix gets more towards these heavier wheels, this is expected to move 
upwards. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neeraj from Envy Capital. Please go ahead. 
Neeraj Goswami: 
Congratulations to Mohan sir on your promotion. Sir, my first question is on your aluminum 
knuckles division. I mean, it is starting from Q3, right, so what is your outlook for this year? 
And how are you planning to take this business in the coming years, I mean, next two, three 
years? 
Mohan Joshi: 
See, from a business point of view, it has a similar outlook which is visible to you on alloy 
wheels, where alloy wheel was having a penetration of maybe 10% odd five, seven years back. 
And today, we are at 40% of the industry, because of light weighting and because of right quality 
and various aesthetic features. This is a safety part. And with the pressure which is coming in 
from the government in terms of CAFE norms and light weighting, plus the electric vehicle kind 

 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 04, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
of penetration, we feel that this industry creates an opportunity of an industry size of close to Rs. 
500 cores over the next three, four years. And we have a first-mover advantage where the tie-
ups with two of the OEMs have already been done.  
 
Mass production has started from the month of October. And I think it is still at a nascent stage. 
And Q4 will be when it is going to be at close to 70% of the first phase capacity. Capacity 
expansion on the knuckle side is already underway, which will expand by the next financial year 
mid to double the capacity of currently 0.25 million to 0.5 million. And the intention is that we 
try to grow this business across all the verticals of the customers as well as on the export side to 
target this industry as a first mover advantage. And to give you a benchmark, I think in the 
European side, 70% of the knuckles are on aluminum. So, knuckle is one product. There are two 
other products which are also available along with the assembly of knuckle, which are also 
aluminum, which is where the next step of forward integration is going to happen from the 
Company, and we will keep you updated on that. 
Neeraj Goswami: 
Sir, any new customers have you added apart from the 2 OEMs in this business or any proposals? 
Mohan Joshi: 
Yes, there are three more customers where the RFQ negotiations are going on in terms of built-
to-print and full-service support, and those are expected to be landing up by January or February 
in terms of the results. But from the existing customers, I think 100% of the business is with us. 
And incrementally, these customers are fairly very aggressive towards this stance of taking 
aluminum knuckles into their vehicles because of the pricing of their vehicles and acceptability. 
And we feel confident that the first phase itself will be full with these two customers. 
Neeraj Goswami: 
Sir, my next question is on exports. I know in the U.S. you were saying trailer industry was down 
in last quarter, so how is the situation there? And also, you said some SOP were postponed from 
your OEM customers, so what is the situation on that front? 
Mohan Joshi: 
So, I don't think that I said any SOP has been postponed from our side. I think globally there is 
a positive demand outlook, that is first. Second is the policy uncertainty which people are 
expecting post-result in the U.S. Typically, Trump has a habit of putting taxation for putting 
America first. And he has done that in the past by putting very extravagant duties against all the 
nations where China gets support. And people are anticipating similar kind of behavior this year 
also.  
 
And given that the lead is there for Trump right now in terms of the situation of opinion polls, 
people have to wait and watch. And post-December, once the clarity is there, then a push of 
orders will start coming into Q4. And given that Trump comes with a large majority, then we 
feel that next five years is going to be extravagant where we expect actions against Vietnam, 
against Thailand, against Malaysia, against all those nations from where it's a quasi-Chinese 
which is supplying to U.S. and Europe. So, I think it's a wait of one quarter and Q4 should have 
normalcy  restored. 
Neeraj Goswami: 
Sir, my next question is, you have entered the OTR segment, right, so any update? I mean, can 
you give us an overview on that segment, how is the business going there? 

 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 04, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Mohan Joshi: 
So, from the OTR side, on the domestic side, we are at close to 65%-odd share of business. There 
are three large customers where the development is happening. These developments are close to 
one and a half to two years of gestation period wherein we have already invested one year. And 
mass supplies of certain customers have already started from our mother plant which is in 
Dappar. The real results will start settling in, in terms of Q1 of next financial year when close to 
17 SKUs will see the light of testing and road certification and everything. And I believe that it 
is a very profitable business, it's not a very large volume business, it's a very profitable business. 
And given that you have very large supplies which is available, and as an industry it has a 
potential to build up a Rs. 200 crores, Rs. 300 crores kind of a business for us is where the 
thought is that we are going to be hinting towards entering into this segment. 
Neeraj Goswami: 
Sir, also in one of your comments you said there is a lot of dumping from Vietnam and Thailand 
players in the export market, because of which you need to bring down your prices which had 
impacted your margins. So, I mean is this dumping still happening in the export markets? 
Mohan Joshi: 
Of course, that segment is already impacted. And I think that in every conference call we are 
saying that close to Rs. 2 crores to Rs. 3 crores of value addition is being lost to match the prices 
and try to see how we should not lose the business from the existing customer given this kind of 
a situation which is already underway right now. The good thing which is happening is that the 
steel prices are falling, so it gives you a little bit of a cushion on the exports to further fight with 
these nations. And some of the supply stoppages have happened from few of the nations but not 
entirely. We feel the real action will start happening from January, February when the executive 
orders will start coming in if Trump comes in. It has a longer haul kind of a play versus this 
small, small price correction which we are trying to do. 
Neeraj Goswami: 
Sir, updates on your CAPEX guidance, I mean, for FY '25-'26 and where we will be utilizing it? 
Mohan Joshi: 
Can you please repeat the question once again please? 
Neeraj Goswami: 
Sir, your CAPEX guidance for FY '25 and next year FY '26? 
Naveen Sorot: 
I guess the start of the year we have guided for almost a CAPEX spend of Rs. 225 crores. I guess, 
based on what we have spent in H1, the amount that we will be spending on CAPEX will be 
lower than what we have guided for. I guess it will be under Rs. 200 crores. And then the entire 
funding as we have conveyed to the market earlier as well, that the entire funding will be via 
internal accruals. There will be no addition of external debt which will be taken in our books. 
And in fact, we have accelerated our borrowing repayments. As Pranav highlighted that we have 
almost paid off Rs. 120 crores of debt in H1. Another Rs. 100 crores is expected in H2. So, Rs. 
926 crores is the total debt which is there in the books as on September end. This number should 
go down to almost Rs. 825 crores by the time we end this year. And then in next two years we 
expect to repay almost Rs. 300 crores, which includes the regular repayments, as well as some 
accelerated repayments that we will do based on accruals. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Hiranandani from SMIFS Limited. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 04, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Sir, on the aluminum knuckle casting, please help us, what are our internal targets in terms of, 
achieving the top line and margins for the next three years, please? 
Mohan Joshi: 
For the current financial year, I believe that we are starting with some 2,000 number from the 
October month, and for the Financial Year ‘24-'25, I believe close to Rs. 15 crores worth of 
business will start coming in terms of this financial year. And for next financial year, which is 
the visibility that the customer is trying to give right now, we expect this number to be between 
Rs. 75 crores to Rs. 80 crores for Financial Year ‘25-'26. And next to next year, with the capacity 
expansion, which is already going on right now, where visibility is fairly strong in terms of the 
new businesses, we believe that the business is going to be anywhere between Rs. 115 crores to 
Rs. 120 crores. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
So, I will just repeat, in FY '25 H2, you will achieve Rs. 15 crores, is it right? 
Mohan Joshi: 
Yes. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
And '25-'26 to Rs. 30 crores, you said? 
Mohan Joshi: 
Rs. 65 crores to Rs. 70 crores. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Rs. 65 crores to Rs. 70 crores. And then Rs. 115 crores…. 
Mohan Joshi: 
Rs. 115 crores to Rs. 120 crores. And by the time we are going to be coming into this, I think 
there are seven RFQs which are under discussion, where the customer is asking for a mega 
factory to be put up for close to 1 million or 1.5 million kind of capacity, which will start in 
terms of discussion into next financial year first quarter. Once that is there, then obviously the 
scale is going to be very different in terms of expectation. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Right. And sir, in terms of margin, how is the traction over there? 
Mohan Joshi: 
The margin profile is fairly good in this business, but give us this quarter's situation, because 
these are small orders which are coming in. And let us try to average out in terms of October, 
November, December, and we will try to give you the highlights in the next conference call. The 
first margin, I think, from a margin point of view, double-digit margin, that is not a problem. 
And it is margin accretive for the Company also. But please give us this quarter's performance 
to be taken up into our hands. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
And sir, we were actually earlier planning to enter into more new products, with castings and et 
cetera. So, have we finalized anything on that front? 
Mohan Joshi: 
So, as I said, there are two more products which are part of this knuckle, which is the lower 
control arm and the upper control arm, which is already in the discussion. It's just that, it is a 
safety product, customer cannot go all out, right. So, the discussions are going on with the 
engineering and the kit value will continue to increase because the process remains the same. It 
is the addition of machine that you can do and then potentially you can improve your kit value 
to close to Rs. 11,000 from currently Rs. 2,200, Rs. 2,300 or maybe Rs. 2,500. 

 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 04, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Amit Hiranandani: 
And sir, on the AMW side, we have adopted a very good strategy of moving our equipments to 
existing SSWL plants for better utilization. So, what is the progress on that front? 
Mohan Joshi: 
From the AMW side, I think we updated that by this financial year end, the capacity expansion 
of Jamshedpur will be over and we will be adding up close to 40,000, 45,000 wheels in 
Jamshedpur to take it up to close to 200,000, 205,000 numbers on a monthly basis. And this will 
also add economies of scale and, obviously, will help improve the EBITDA profile for the 
business, given that the economies of scale will help that. And we feel that this year is a 
consolidation year for CV. And from an industry point of view, the industry has the capability 
to grow at 5% to 7% every year, given the CAPEX requirement of the country and if it's being 
done by the Company. But the timing of the same is going to be adopted by the organization to 
finish it by the financial year end and take advantage of that. 
 
Apart from that, I think we have already also mentioned in the balance sheet that additional 
debottlenecking of the organization is happening in terms of adding up the capacity of testing, 
adding the capacity of tool making, adding the capacity of the line balancing in other plants, 
which is in Chennai, is already happening and along with that in Dappar is already happening. 
All these activities will start from Financial Year ‘25-'26 in terms of startup production. And this 
is the best use that we can do to AMW as we speak to help improve the quality as well as the 
top line of the organization. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Sir, on the exports front, we had a talk that domestically, we are trying to enter into new 
geographies and want to add more customers and et cetera. So, any progress on this front, please? 
Mohan Joshi: 
As I said, I think from a tractor and AG OTR kind of a business, which is, say, India is 50% of 
the market and it's a favorable margin kind of a business and export is fairly very lucrative. But 
with exports, you have a very large line of range which you need to develop, which is already 
underway for the past one year and we expect that this exercise is going to continue in terms of 
expansion of the lines, as well as expansion of the product portfolio. The fruits of the same is 
already visible in terms of some orders coming into our kitty in this segment from the export 
side. The real visibility will start coming into quarter one of '25-'26 in terms of order backlog 
increasing. And this is a continuous exercise to pick up a 5%, 10%, 15% kind of a margin -- 
sorry, share of business into this export market, which is fairly lucrative from the margin point 
of view, as well as from a business highlight point of view from global OEMs. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
So, presently, sir, exports is little bit weaker due to macro concerns. So, are we taking any kind 
of pricing actions to revive some demand over there? 
Mohan Joshi: 
So, pricing action is always a continuous process. I think the intent is to not lose the margin 
profile completely but keep the customer into focus where we understand their problems in terms 
of inventory, in terms of freight and everything. So, the best of the pricing is being given to them 
without giving too much on the margin front. Yes, some margin will be eroded but ensuring that 
we try to maintain that Rs. 600 crores plus a kind of a momentum and try to wait for the good 
times to come in when this industry will turn around. And once you turn around, the same 

 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 04, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
customer will help you to move to Rs. 700 crores to Rs. 800 crores. The other side which we are 
trying to do is on the alloy side, which is where the problem is not there. 
 
So, currently, as I said, that 50% kind of growth is visible in this financial year with the backlog 
of the orders that we are having. There's a large long-term agreement that we are trying to work 
out, and this workout is based on our delivery performance to these customers. And we believe 
that something good will be heard in Q4 of this financial year in terms of this long-term 
agreement. And ensuring that next year another 50% kind of growth on this export front on alloy 
wheels is 100% guaranteed. Two of the OEM businesses will start in, I think, Q4 or Q3 end or 
Q4 first month. And this will ensure that at least 1.5 million kind of a pace is visible into exports, 
creating it at Rs. 200 crores, Rs. 250 crores kind of a business from the export itself. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Digging more on the export side, so wanted to understand more, is it a challenge of inventory or 
the demand itself is lower there? 
Mohan Joshi: 
No, so, you see, across the globe right now, as we speak, in terms of the volume, the volumes 
are down anywhere between say 15% to 35% based on which customer is this. And out of that, 
which customer are you hinting in terms of the offset. So, there are a lot of challenges which are 
coming in from the policy front, as I said, that you don't know whether you import something 
from China too much, Trump says, okay, all the transit, which is there, I put 250% duty. He has 
the habit of doing that, he's random. So, people do not want to take that chance. People are 
saying, okay, let us liquidate our inventory. Let us keep the minimum pipeline running so that 
the OEM lines are running. 
 
Suddenly, once you start getting reflection by the, I think, January first week will be the result, 
I think. So, by December end, I think you will get the idea that how the wave is going and how 
the action needs to be taken by the cost players. So, nobody wants to take a chance. There is a 
two and a half, three-month kind of inventory which is in transit, and he says, okay, I put a 200% 
duty on that. The guys will go for a toss, right? So, we believe that by December end, the policy 
actions will start converting into deliveries and the improvement on the export side for 
replenishment of the dried-up inventories will start. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Sir, our cash flows are getting better, like improvement is happening. So, what is the outlook for 
pre-paying the debt, because our CAPEX is not very high in the coming years? So, any chance 
to pre-pay the debt further? 
Naveen Sorot: 
So, Amit, that is exactly what we highlighted, that even if you look at H1, we have pre-paid 
some of the debt. The total repayment stood at Rs. 120 crores, and for the balance H2, we are 
also expecting another Rs. 100 crores. So, from Rs. 1,047 crores, this number will probably be 
around Rs. 826 crores by the time we end this year. And for the next two years, we are expecting 
to pay almost Rs. 300 crores of debt, which will include some pre-payments as well. The normal 
repayment schedule is almost Rs. 180-odd crores, over and above this, we will be paying almost 
Rs. 120 crores. And then based on if there is any further improvement in the cash accrual based 
on businesses, those will also be taken care of. 

 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 04, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Yes, this is very nice to hear, sir. And, sir, I just missed the CAPEX. If you can break down the 
CAPEX between where we are going to spend it, the Rs. 225 crores? 
Naveen Sorot: 
So, as I highlighted, Amit, this year I guess we will be spending lower than the Rs. 225 crores 
that we highlighted at the start of the year. There have been some renegotiations which have 
happened on the project costing front as well. So, we expect this year the amount will be lower 
than Rs. 200 crores in terms of the overall CAPEX that we will do. A key area remains, one, 
aluminum expansion that we are doing; second, the knuckle, flow from equipment and the 
balance payment towards solar panel installations. So, those are the key CAPEX items that we 
have for current year. So, the overall CAPEX will be in and around Rs. 200 crores. So, it will be 
lower than what we have anticipated. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Right. And, sir, lastly on the alloy wheel side, so how is the traction in the domestic alloy wheels? 
Because we have in between seen some pickup in the styled wheels as well. So, what kind of 
growth one can assume for the mid-term? And any kind of new model additions we have done 
in the H1? 
Mohan Joshi: 
So, Amit, I think from an industry point of view, the industry has been very stable at close to 
36%, 37% for the past 12 to 15 months. And from the month of say August, September, the 
industry has picked up and has gone to 41%, 42% of alloy wheel penetration. Is this permanent? 
Is this something which is sustainable? We will come to know that post festive season, maybe 
in the month of November and December, we will come to know that. 
 
But to answer your question on the styled wheel, there is definitely a hit which has come in from 
the styled wheel. But over the past three months, the styled wheel penetration has started 
dropping and people have started moving from the styled wheel to alloy wheel because the 
customer may be questioning that I'm paying that money and you are not giving me that alloy 
wheel. 
 
And given the kind of inventory situation, I think OEMs have also pushed this alloy wheel to all 
across the customers. So, we feel that the alloy wheel industry, given that the industry grows at 
5% to 6% in terms of the passenger vehicle production, we feel that the industry has fairly a 
capability of growing at 10% to 11%, 12%. Within that, we are maintaining a 30% to 33% kind 
of share of business across the board. 
 
Maruti is expected to be giving the mass production instructions by Q4 end in terms of their 
visibility because the vehicle is under testing under various durability testing. And we also 
believe that Maruti is going to be increasingly, given the kind of supply constraint which they 
are having from the existing suppliers, will add more RFQs towards us going into Q3, Q4, and 
Q1 of next financial year in terms of balancing the act. 
 
So, from an alloy wheel side, I don't see any problem coming in, in terms of the demand outlook. 
As I said, that domestically, we are fairly very, very confident of hitting close to 3.6 million to 
3.8 million to 4 million in terms of the demand outlook. 0.5 million is expected very, very clearly 
from exports. So, first 4.8 million should not have any problem to be sold out. 

 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 04, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
 
The other factor is that we need to add debottlenecking exercises within the existing capacity, 
where we have some ideation to increase the existing capacity of 4.8 million to 5.4 million, 
which will come into action in next financial year, where line expansion may be seen. And post 
that, there is a hint which is coming from the OEMs to put up a dedicated plant in the North, 
which we are trying to work out and let's see how it works out. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I think few quarters back we had mentioned that we were 
doing some kind of pricing discussion with big OEMs for price increase and that would reflect 
in our margins. Sir, what is the status of that? 
Mohan Joshi: 
Are you talking about the price correction from the customers that we were talking about? 
Madhur Rathi: 
Yes, sir. Sir, you were in discussion with some kind of OEM, and you had mentioned that in 
next two to three quarters there will be a definitive -- 
Mohan Joshi: 
Yes. So, that price correction has been agreed with the OEM and I think that you will see that 
correction coming into action in terms of the Q4 end in terms of pricing and margin increase. 
And these are exercises which are going on with multiple customers at multiple phases and all 
these exercises are on a routine basis in terms of putting up into action. And we feel that by Q4, 
some of the critical effects of these margin improvements will be seen into the financials. 
Madhur Rathi: 
And Sir, this margin improvement would be a substantial margin improvement or just like a 
portion of it -- 
Mohan Joshi: 
What typically happens, I will tell you. There could be a margin improvement of say annual 
impact of Rs. 15 crores, Rs. 20 crores, Rs. 10 crores, Rs. 25 crores, that is one impact. The other 
factor which we are trying to do is the repricing of the contracts which is now the new RFQs are 
coming in and the repricing will take its time in terms of the RFQs coming into the system and 
you putting it higher and trying to rebalance it. It's a one, one-and-a-half-year kind of a process. 
 
But it is very, very clear that margin improvement has to be there wherein the push on the 
customer will be maintained. And yes, this year has been one of the years where steel prices 
have dropped. So, every quarter there is a drop in steel prices and there is an inventory based 
loss which is coming and sitting into the P&L. So, every quarter Rs. 5 crores, Rs. 7 crores get 
lost because prices have dropped Rs. 4 one quarter, the next quarter another Rs. 4, the next 
quarter another Rs. 4. So, it's a downward hill which is a part of the business. 
 
But given the fact that this is not going to be always like that and these Rs. 15 crores, Rs. 20 
crores that we have lost in terms of inventory in this financial year to stabilize them will be 
visible into the balance sheet coming into Financial Year ‘25-'26. But as I said, across the board 
margin improvement is where the work is going from the raw material point of view, from a 
yield point of view, from a pricing and repricing point of view and from a contract negotiation 

 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 04, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
for the existing deal also. So, the visibility of the same will be visible from Q4 of Financial Year 
‘24-'25. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, so we can expect a 100, 200 basis point increase in FY' 25 because we have repricing as 
well as internal efficiency as well as --  
Mohan Joshi: 
I don't think 100, 200 basis point is the right expectation. I think we are at close to 11.5-odd 
something that we are trying to run around right now. But at a scale that we are trying to work 
out in next financial year, we expect 15, 20, 25, 50 basis point improvement in this, that is what 
the intent is. 
 
Because see, everywhere pricing is not going to be the challenge, right? When you have CVs as 
good, because its good, you cannot reprice with them. But yes, PV is a problem, which has been 
a problem for many, many years. So, if it impacts you and gives you a commendable amount of 
margin improvement, it is set right for not one year, but for life, right? 
Madhur Rathi: 
Yes. So, this 50-basis point improvement will be purely from margin internal efficiency, and 
any increase in the commercial vehicle segment or the OTR segment will be over and above this 
improvement in the margin. 
Mohan Joshi: 
So, economies of scale benefit will definitely play its course. So, I think it is the second year that 
we are at around that Rs. 4,500-odd crores kind of a revenue where we are just trying to push 
the volume to cross 20 million and alloy to a newer height, the AG OTR to be on a newer height. 
So, all these economies of scale benefits will be definitely additional. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay. And sir, just a final question, sir. We had a guidance of around Rs. 4,800 crores for this 
year, as well as some kind of margin improvement of the commercial vehicle or alloy or export 
segment improved, but it doesn't look like the CV or the export segment will have a lot of jump 
for this year. So, what kind of revenue and margin can we expect? Because even our October 
numbers are kind of flat on that front. 
Mohan Joshi: 
So, I think Naveen will answer that in terms of the top line and the bottom-line guidance, because 
it is not so simple, because raw material is dropping, so Naveen will explain it better. 
Naveen Sorot: 
So, see, if you look at in terms of EBITDA, both in terms of EBITDA per wheel, as well as 
percentage, both the indicators have improved. If you look at H1, EBITDA per wheel stands at 
Rs. 256 versus Rs. 251, which was there in H1 last year. In fact, for the entire last year, the 
EBITDA per wheel stood at Rs. 253. So, there is already an improvement, which is there visible 
in the EBITDA per wheel. 
 
Secondly, even in terms of percentage, though percentage can give you a misnormal picture 
based on steel reduction scenario, but still for the sake of the percentage which are there, it is 
11.33% versus 11.19%, which was there in H1 last year. So, there is already an improvement, 
which is there in the EBITDA percentage as well. We believe that we maintain these percentages 
even going forward, even for H2, and this number should improve further based on the mix 

 
Steel Strips Wheels Limited 
November 04, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
tilting more towards alloy and exports. But to give guidance in terms of exact percentage, I guess 
it will be tough. 
Madhur Rathi: 
I guess sir, on the similar lines of H1 and on the revenue front sir, can we expect it to at least 
cross the Rs. 4,500 crores mark for this year? 
Naveen Sorot: 
So, if you look at H1, we have done almost Rs. 2,127 crores. Rs. 4,300 crores, Rs. 4,400 crores 
is what we are eying. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Omkar Arora from Eraya Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Omkar Arora: 
Hi sir. Good morning. Last quarter, you had guided for around Rs. 2 crores -- 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, sir. I would request you to please use your handset. Mr. Omkar? Due to 
no response from the current participant, we will move on to the next participant. As there are 
no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Pranav Jain: 
Yes. Thank you, everyone for joining the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of SMIFS Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
