  
 
 
 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/1, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400051, India 
 
 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building  
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street  
Fort 
MUMBAI – 400001, India  
 
Scrip Code : MSUMI 
Scrip Code : 543498 
 
 
   Ref.: Transcript of the Investor call  
 
Dear Sir (s)/ Madam(s),  
  
` This is with reference to our letter dated November 8, 2024, for Audio of Conference Call with 
the investors on the financial results for the second quarter and half year ended September 
30, 2024. In this connection, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the aforesaid 
conference call.  
 
The above information has also been made available on the website of the company www. 
mswil.motherson.com 
at 
https://www.mswil.motherson.com/storage/Analyst-Call-
Transcripts/2024-25/Q2/Transcript-of-the-MSWIL-Q2FY25-Investor-Call.pdf 
 
   This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You,  
 
Yours truly 
For Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
 
Pooja Mehra 
Company Secretary   
 
 
Encl:a/a 
 
Regd. Office: 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
Unit – 705, C Wing, ONE BKC, G Block Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra East Mumbai – 400051, Maharashtra (India) 
Tel: 022-61354800, Fax: 022-61354801  
CIN No.: L29306MH2020PLC341326 
E-mail: investorrelations@mswil.motherson.com  
website: www.mswil.motherson.com  
 
POOJA 
MEHRA
Digitally signed by 
POOJA MEHRA 
Date: 2024.11.12 
11:27:03 +05'30'

Page 1 of 7 
 
 
 
“Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
Q2 FY'25 Results Conference Call” 
November 08, 2024 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
MR. VIVEK CHAAND SEHGAL 
CHAIRMAN, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. LAKSH VAAMAN SEHGAL 
DIRECTOR, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. ANURAG GAHLOT 
COO AND WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR,  
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. MAHENDER CHHABRA 
CFO, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. PANKAJ MITAL 
COO AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, 
SAMVARDHANA MOTHERSON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED (SAMIL) 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 7 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited Q2 
FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone telephone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. V.C. Sehgal. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
V.C. Sehgal: 
Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining the results 
conference call of MSWIL. I'm pleased to announce the Board has approved the results 
for quarter 2 for financial year 2025. The quarter has delivered revenues of INR 2,326 
crores, representing a growth of 10% year-on-year, outperforming the industry, which is 
attributed to an increase in content and change in the product mix. 
 
The Indian passenger vehicle industry remained relatively flat year-on-year, registering a 
6% growth sequentially. Similarly, 2-wheelers industry demonstrated 13% growth year-
on-year and 7% sequentially. The uptick on quarter-on-quarter basis is due to the festival 
production build-up and demand. There has been a significant number of new models 
launched in the quarter and planned for second half financial year '25. 
The automotive megatrends continue to augur well, adding to the content mix. Our EV 
shares of the revenue for the period is 4.1%. We continue to work on our innovative 
solutions for various platforms such as EV, hybrid, and other products which are -- such 
as battery management systems, etc. EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 250 crores. 
While absolute profit remained resilient on a year-to-year basis, it is lower by 120 bps. 
This can be explained by 2 greenfield sites being set up in Pune and Navagam for new 
customer programs. We are going through the ramp-up phase and in one of the plants we 
had a delay in customer's SOP than the other plant. We continue to focus on core 
operations and manufacturing excellence. 
In alignment with the customer production requirements, we are setting up a new facility 
in Kharkhauda, expected to come on stream in financial year 2026, quarter one. Our capex 
guidance for the year remains at approximately INR 200 crores. We continue to remain 
debt-free and ROCE exceeding 40% in half one in financial year '25. 
 
With this, I would like to conclude my remarks. I have Vaaman, Pankaj, Anurag, Mahender 
with me to answer any questions. Back to you, operator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Siddhartha Bera from Nomura. 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 7 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sir, my first question is on cost side. We have seen a very sharp jump in some of the costs 
like employee and other costs in the quarter. While I understand that this new plant is in 
the ramp-up phase, so if you can just throw some more color on how to think about the 
costs, will most of the impact of the ramp-up is in the quarter and we should expect some 
normalization going ahead? Or how to think about some onetime if there is any cost 
element for the quarter? 
V.C. Sehgal: 
I think you can understand that 2 new projects are there. That means the full impact of 2 
plants without any production is happening at this moment, so it makes numbers a little 
fluctuate. But I think Rajender and Anurag can answer this question more clearly. Anurag? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Anurag this side. See, there are 2 projects. There are 2 greenfield projects. And one of that 
is having already -- because in this particular plant, there are multi customers. And one of 
the customer has already started SOP and second one is yet to happen. The other plant, 
which we are talking about has gone delayed. The project has gone delayed by 6 months 
by a customer. 
 
So when we are talking about the greenfield projects, we have to hire these manpower and 
a few infrastructure-related costs has to come upfront, which takes some time. When the 
SOP starts and the production gets stabilised, then only the sales started coming to that. 
So you will find that these -- some costs are already part of our P&L and you assume those 
costs are there. 
So as a window, it takes 6 to 9 months' time until the time the SOP and the production gets 
stabilised. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Okay, sir. So basically, would it be possible to highlight, sir, what is the final potential 
revenue from these 2 greenfield plants just to understand what size they sort of can scale 
up to in the future? 
V.C. Sehgal: 
Mahender, sorry, I called your name Rajender. I apologise. But yes, normally, we don't give 
unit-wise details. That would be a new one for us. Pankaj, what do you think we can do 
here? Normally, we don't give unit-wise numbers. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Not unit-wise, but the greenfield plant at full potential, say it will be having INR400 crores 
or INR500 crores revenue. Something -- some color like that will help us understand the 
size. 
V.C. Sehgal: 
Pankaj, see if you can help. 
Pankaj Mital: 
I would say that these are not small businesses. So as they ramp up to their full potential, 
as you asked, that they are like relatively good numbers. So substantial numbers, not very 
small numbers. Everything goes well and these numbers once they get to their full bloom. 
So you're right that it will be quite a good number. 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 7 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it. And the second plant, sir, you mentioned that it got delayed by 6 months. So plan is 
that it starts by first quarter of FY '26. Is it the right understanding? 
Pankaj Mital: 
The plant is there. Our full -- the costs are there. The step-by-step SOP will start from 
quarter 1. Your assessment is right. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raghunandhan from Nuvama Research. 
Raghunandhan: 
Sir, firstly, on the capacity addition. Last quarter, I remember that you had roughly alluded 
that 10% is the capacity addition due to new plants. Is it broadly in that range or is it much 
higher for these 2 plants? 
V.C. Sehgal: 
Okay. Anurag and Pankaj, whatever you want to answer on this one? 
Pankaj Mital: 
So as I mentioned that very difficult to give a precise number, but you're right that as you 
mentioned, that these are substantial businesses. So these 3, 4 plants which are coming 
up with the capacity expansions, yes, they will -- approximately, I mean, we can say 
around that as a ballpark figure as they come to their full projected volumes. 
Raghunandhan: 
Understood, sir. And these new capacities, would they be both high-voltage and low-
voltage harnesses? 
V.C. Sehgal: 
Raghunandhan, thing is that we can't give details because our customers don't like it. 
Once we start to answer this, then you can already assume that it's an electric vehicle or 
an ICE vehicle or whatever. So we can't -- we are privy to a lot of confidence from the 
customers, so please understand. 
Raghunandhan: 
Fair point, sir. My -- the objective was to try and understand that given that we are already 
having a basket of customers on the EV side and given that you are already doing high-
voltage harnesses, trying to understand what could be the level of localisation? With 
scale, has the localisation been improving in high voltage? And if you compare it with low-
voltage harnesses, how far do we need to go? 
V.C. Sehgal: 
Fair question. Pankaj, can you give some idea on that? 
Pankaj Mital: 
There is, still, as you would see that the penetration of electric vehicles is not -- has not 
reached the volume level. So you're right that as the volumes will keep growing, more and 
more localization possibilities get enhanced. From our side, as we had mentioned earlier 
that the group has already started and localised the cables, started localising and 
achieved success in the charging connectors completely made here in India. 
So we continuously embark on this journey and work with various customers on the 
projects where things are stable and expected to continue. And as the volumes grow up, 
these localization levels for sure will keep growing. 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 7 
 
Raghunandhan: 
Understood, sir. And on the EV side, I would not ask the names of the customers, but if 
you can broadly indicate among the top 5 customers in 4-wheeler, 2-wheeler, commercial 
vehicle, would we have the presence? And what would be the EV share in revenues? 
Pankaj Mital: 
EV share of the revenues will be approximately 4%. I mean, we don't name the customers, 
but we are with most of the -- I mean, in all the segments, be it 2-wheelers, be it passenger 
cars, trucks, buses, all segments, we support our customers. 
Raghunandhan: 
Got it, sir. On the cost side, for JPY appreciation, has there been any increase in cost due 
to this as there is some lag before you pass it through? 
Mahender Chhabra: 
Yes. So like for all the ForEx-related transactions, we have a pass-through arrangement 
with our customers. With some customers, it is at a quarterly lag, and with some 
customers, it is at a half yearly lag. So there could be impact on the P&L but that's more of 
a timing gap. Over a period of time, it really doesn't kind of impact our P&L in either way. 
Raghunandhan: 
Got it, sir. And on a quarter-on-quarter basis, your gross margin has slightly improved. 
Would that be mainly the benefit of lower copper prices? 
V.C. Sehgal: 
Who is Take this question, please? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Yes, I'll answer this. Anurag this side. I think this is more of a product mix get changed from 
1 quarter to another so it's very difficult to pinpoint the reason of that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sachin from UTI Asset Managers. 
Sachin: 
Just trying to understand on these 2 greenfield plants, how much capex that we are 
incurring and maybe what kind of asset turns typically we should be expecting from these 
new capex that we will do? 
V.C. Sehgal: 
Mahender? 
Mahender Chhabra: 
Mahender this side, so I'll take up this question. So, our capex plan for the year, for the 
current financial year is about INR 200 crores. And out of that, we have spent about INR 95 
crores in H1 FY '24-'25. So as far as specific investments on individual plant is concerned, 
then we don't kind of  get into the specific investment of the plant. 
Sachin: 
Yes, sir, I'm not referring to just this. I'm just trying to understand how should we on the 
incremental capex that we would be doing, what kind of asset turn without being any 
specific to any client. Just trying to understand what kind of asset turn should we be 
assuming in this business going forward? 
V.C. Sehgal: 
You want to know specifically the new plants? 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 7 
 
Sachin: 
Yes, not just the new plants but on an incremental basis, the capex that we will do, how 
should we think about the asset turn for these new plants? I know that the company works 
with 40% ROCE background. But just trying to understand, is there any change in trajectory 
to that we should assume or how should we think about it? 
Mahender Chhabra: 
Yes. So as far as turnover is concerned, it should be more or less in line with what we have 
with the existing plants once the full ramp-up had taken place. 
Sachin: 
Sure. Sir, and the last question from my side is that on an incremental basis, I'm sure 
company is likely to generate a healthy cash flow over a period of time. So in terms of just 
trajectory, how should we understand maybe the capex intensity of this business? And 
also what kind of dividend policy or the cash return policies that the company will follow? 
So just trying to understand broadly how much of the incremental cash flow, which on a 
yearly basis, company will generate? How much we're looking to deploy and maybe in the 
business and what should be the cash distribution policy for the company? 
V.C. Sehgal: 
We have a stated policy that we will return to the shareholders 40% and the rest will be 
reinvested in the business. Please understand that there is tremendous amount of growth 
that's expected for the car industry in 2-wheeler industry and commercial vehicles also. 
So Motherson will keep on setting up new plants, as required, wherever the customer is 
close by. 
So in that scenario, I can tell you that we are very enthused by the kind of demand that the 
customers are having for us, new plants, new areas. And Pankaj, would you want to add 
on that or not? 
Pankaj Mital: 
No, that is very right, sir. And the market is very exciting. We do believe that customers 
have invested a lot and continue to invest and have further investment plans to grow the 
business in India. And therefore, we will continue to keep working and exploring more and 
more to work together with them for continued development and expansion of our 
business. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to 
the management for their closing comments. 
V.C. Sehgal: 
Thank you very much. The Board congratulated the teams for a great job done. Please 
understand that we are inundated by the customer requests and new models is the order 
of the day. So we are very much on our toes and working hard to make sure that we can 
take the maximum advantage in this scenario. Thank you very much, and have a good day. 
Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
November 08, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Safe Harbour: The transcript for the Investors’ Call has been made for purposes of compliances under SEBI (Listing and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 For the transcript, best efforts have been made, while editing translated version of voice file for 
grammatical, punctuation formatting etc., that it should not result any edit to the content or discussion. The audio recording of 
transcript is available at website of the company, viz., www.mswil.motherson.com. This discussion contains based on the 
currently held beliefs and assumptions of the management of the Company, which are expressed in good faith and, in their opinion, 
are reasonable and can may include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, 
contingencies, uncertainties, market conditions and other factors, which may cause the actual results, financial condition, 
performance, or achievements of the Company or industry results, to differ materially from the results, financial condition, 
performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any obligation 
or liability to any person for any loss or damage caused by errors or omissions, whether arising from negligence, accident, or any 
other cause. Readers of this document should each make their own evaluation and assessment of the Company and of the 
relevance and adequacy of the information and should make such other investigations as they deem necessary. 
 
