 
Prataap Snacks Limited 
CIN: L15311MP2009PLC021746 
 
Registered Office : Khasra No. 378/2, Nemawar Road, Near Makrand House, Palda, Indore, Madhya Pradesh - 452 020, India 
Telephone : 91-731-2439999 E-mail : info@yellowdiamond.in Website : www.yellowdiamond.in 
 
 
 
Ref. No.: PSL/2024-25/CS/SE/50 
Date: 16th November, 2024 
 
To, 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: DIAMONDYD 
To, 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited  
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Security Code: 540724 
Security ID: DIAMONDYD 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Investor Call held in relation to the Unaudited Financial Results of the                      
Company for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letter dated 7th November, 2024 and pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Schedule 
III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the 
Investor call held on 12th November, 2024 in relation to the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company 
for the quarter and half year ended 30th September 2024, is enclosed herewith. 
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Prataap Snacks Limited 
 
 
 
Parag Gupta 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
Parag 
Gupta
Digitally signed by Parag Gupta 
DN: c=IN, st=Madhya Pradesh, 
2.5.4.20=6c5ff649d7fe5add57cb61d4b7f0915305ac14
d3c1ef7eeca155c06b901d901a, postalCode=452005, 
street=Indore, 
pseudonym=d43cb9cd0dba03669019905f07308bff, 
serialNumber=810ecfc4ca47eb0f8cb8393fe440cd9d2
ba96d15159d22cf53476b295a49b151, o=Personal, 
cn=Parag Gupta 
Date: 2024.11.16 15:42:54 +05'30'

 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Page 1 of 20 
 
Prataap Snacks Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 12, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Prataap Snacks 
Limited’s Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mit Shah from CDR India. Thank 
you and over to you Mr. Shah.  
Mit Shah: 
Thank you, Rutuja. Hello everyone. Welcome to Prataap Snacks Limited's 
Q2 and H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us Mr. Amit Kumat – Managing Director and CEO, Mr. Sumit 
Sharma – CFO and Mr. Amrit Chaudhary – National Sales Head at Prataap 
Snacks.  
Before we begin this call, I'd like to point out that certain statements 
made in today's call, could be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer 
to this effect has been included in the earnings presentation shared with 
you earlier. 
I'd like to hand over the call to Mr. Amit Kumat for his Opening Remarks. 
Thank you and over to you sir.  
Amit Kumat: 
Thank you, Mit. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for being here 
today. I trust you have had a chance to review the earnings document 
that we shared earlier.  

 
 Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Page 2 of 20 
I am pleased to report that Prataap Snacks has delivered a resilient 
performance in Q2 FY25. The revenue from operations was Rs. 441 crore, 
an increase of 2% year-on-year compared to Rs. 434 crore in Q2 last year. 
This was achieved in spite of the challenging macroeconomic 
environment marked by persistently high inflation which had influenced 
consumer behavior across key markets. As a consequence of these 
inflationary pressures, there has been industry-wide stress on volumes of 
MRP Rs. 5 in Q2. Interestingly Prataap has managed to beat the trend as 
we have reported higher volumes at this price point which represents a 
significant proportion of overall volumes for us. Over 80% of total 
volumes for us is from packs priced at Rs. 5. 
We are encouraged by the strong performance in our Pellet snacks 
category this quarter, demonstrating the strength and appeal of our 
product offerings. As you know Pellet snacks were a flagship offering of 
Avadh snacks and we have now extended these popular products 
nationwide under the Yellow Diamond brand. The positive reception 
across markets reaffirms the strong consumer demand for this category.  
In addition, we continue to advance the Sales Force Automation and 
Range Selling initiative, within our distribution network. By extending 
these strategies into incremental territories each quarter, we are 
progressively achieving gains and operational efficiency. Having said that 
our long-term strategy is to gradually shift towards higher price points by 
enhancing the contribution of large packs. This move is intended to drive 
sustainable structural growth and strengthen our business model over 
time.  
To achieve this, we are focusing on four key initiatives, premiumization, 
new product development, exports and expansion into quick commerce. 
As part of our premiumization efforts we introduced the brand ‘Seven 
Diamond’. This line will feature ‘Better For You’ premium snacks such as 
protein puffs and peanut butter puffs. Initially these products will be 
offered in large packs priced at Rs. 30, targeting quick commerce and 
modern trade. We plan to introduce these snacks to the general trade in 
due course with additional smaller pack options at Rs. 20 and possibly Rs. 
10 but not at the Rs. 5 price point.  
We have initiated exports this quarter and the initial shipments have 
been dispatched in Q3. Our teams have actively participated in several 
international trade fairs including SIAL in Paris, ISM in Dubai and BSM in 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Page 3 of 20 
Saudi Arabia, receiving an encouraging response across all events. This 
initiative is aligned with our long-term growth objectives.  
In Q2 we successfully launched our products on a quick commerce 
platform and have already observed positive initial sales. We are 
currently in discussion with additional quick commerce platforms to 
further expand our reach within the high growth channel. We recognize 
that premiumization, new product categories and leveraging channels 
like quick commerce and exports are closely interlinked together. 
Together these strategies will allow us to enhance our revenue mix and 
increase both the average pack size and price point resulting in improved 
margins. 
Coming to profitability, there were steep inflationary pressures on key 
input costs including potatoes, wheat and gram. As a result, EBITDA has 
reduced from Rs. 38 crore in Q2 last year to 19.2 crore this quarter. The 
EBITDA margin has compressed to 4.3% this quarter from 8.8% in Q2 last 
year. To mitigate these challenges, we have implemented measures such 
as grammage reduction and trade margin adjustments. The decline in 
EBITDA has also impacted our PBT and PAT. Q2 FY25 our profit after tax 
stood at Rs. 6.2 crore compared to the PAT of Rs. 16.5 crore in Q2 ‘24.  
Trends in input prices are indicating further firming up in Q3, especially 
with regard to price of palm oil. We are working on further cost reduction 
and process optimization initiatives to offset the impact and evaluate 
further reduction of grammages if necessary.  
On the operational front we have made slight rationalization of facilities. 
We closed our 3P operations in Bangalore, integrated the manufacturing 
lines into our own facility to ensure seamless service to key markets while 
reducing overhead costs. Additionally, we established operations at a 
new facility in Jharkhand to strengthen our production capabilities and to 
serve nearby markets.  
Lastly, I want to highlight that in September 2024 our private equity 
partner Peak XV Partners formerly Sequoia Capital exited their 47% stake 
in Prataap Snacks achieving a manifold return on investments. We deeply 
appreciate their support and the significant role they played in scaling our 
business, enhancing corporate practices and shaping our company 
culture over the last 13 years since their entry in 2011. The stake has now 
been acquired by Authum Group and Ms. Mahi Madhusudan Kela who 
have also initiated an open offer as per regulatory requirements.  

 
 Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Page 4 of 20 
We look forward to collaboratively working with the new shareholders to 
further enhance the strategic direction of the company and elevate value 
creation for all stakeholders. 
With that I conclude my remarks, and we can now take questions. Thank 
you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will start with the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Trisha Seksaria from Rare 
Enterprises. 
Trisha Seksaria: 
I wanted to understand a little bit more about the ‘Better For You’ 
segment, if you could share some colour on that.  
Amit Kumat: 
These are basically the healthy segment. Mainly the protein concept is 
catching on throughout the world right now. So, we have used pea 
protein to make protein puff and launched one peanut butter variety. So, 
I think people can eat that without guilt. We are further working on a few 
more products in this category.  
Trisha Seksaria: 
I was just wondering if you could share how, you might see this segment 
growing in the future and if you could share some colour on the kind of 
new products you might introduce.  
Amrit Chaudhary: 
So, hi this is Amrit, and I'll take this question. So, we have seen recent 
trends towards moving in the guilt-free snacking space wherein people 
want to savor the traditional taste or do not want to compromise on the 
taste. At the same time want to kind of reduce their guilt quotient. So, 
basis our understanding of that market, we have now developed a 
product which we believe is suitable for the discerning consumer of ours 
and will also help us drive our premiumization portfolio. We see that in 
next 18 to 24 months, this category should start contributing a significant 
number for us, specifically in the premium channels wherein we have just 
started dialing up our effort in. So going forward this has been a growth 
plan. This is a strategy that we will be adopting to kind of preimmunize 
our portfolio by enhancing and introducing the healthy range across.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shrinjana Mittal from Ratnatraya.  
Shrinjana Mittal: 
I have two questions. One is on the seasonality part, like if we see for last 
2 years, the September quarter has been a little bit on the higher side 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Page 5 of 20 
compared to the rest of the year. So firstly, is that true that if the Q2 is 
bigger for us and if yes, can you explain the reason for the same?  
Amit Kumat: 
During the summer season the snack food consumption reduces to some 
extent. So that's why Q2 has always been very good for us. And lastly in 
the Q3 season when the potato availability reduces, so sales goes on little 
bit. As the raw material cycle for potato, it is very difficult to source 
potato in the month of November. This has been the trend for the last 
many years. That’s why Q2 is always bigger for us. 
Shrinjana Mittal: 
So, Q2 is bigger for us, there is seasonality. And just one more question, 
on the gross margin impact you mentioned that it's because of higher 
potato prices and also other input prices. Can you quantify that for us? 
Like what the net-net impact that we see in the gross margin that would 
be about 2% from the last quarter. So entirely is it attributable to rise in 
potato prices? Can you help give some more colour on that?  
Sumit Sharma: 
Hi Shrinjana, this is Sumit. Primarily that is because of potato prizes. I 
would say out of this 2% about 70%-75% is because of potato. So, potato 
we have seen historic high price this year. Potato prices are higher by 
about 60%-65% over the previous year and there is some kind of 
exceptional inflation. We have not seen this kind of inflation, especially 
in potato earlier.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Tawani from Aamara Capital.  
Yash Tawani: 
I have two questions, first is regarding, I was looking at our numbers over 
the years and the question first I have is regarding the freight cost. So last 
couple of years we have been seeing the freight cost has been in control 
and has been going down but currently also stands at 6.5% of our top line 
and compared to our competitor it's been about 200 to 250 basis point 
higher. So, is there any specific reason or till how much can we get it 
down? That is one. And second is regarding our current maintenance 
CAPEX that we have that's been going on. So, these two other things.  
Sumit Sharma: 
I'll take the freight question first. You rightly mentioned that over the 
period the freight cost has reduced, there is a decreasing trend in spite of 
having some spike in the fuel prices and that is primarily because of our 
distributed manufacturing footprint. A few years back we used to supply 
from 3-4 manufacturing locations and over the period we have 
decentralized our manufacturing facilities and that is really helping us to 
optimize our freight cost. However, if you compare it with some of the 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Page 6 of 20 
competitors, so every competitor has a different dynamic. So, for 
example the freight cost depends on the size of the packet. Even in our 
case, if I split my freight cost between Namkeen segment and other than 
Namkeen segment, my Namkeen freight cost would be about 4% and for 
rest of the product categories the blended cost would be about say 8%. 
That is primarily because of the size of the packet. My Rs. 5 Namkeen 
pack size is pretty smaller than Rs. 5 Potato Chips or Rs. 5 Pellet pack size. 
So that's the primary reason.  
Another reason is the average distance. If your large amount of supply is 
in close radius then certainly the freight cost goes down. In our case since 
we are a national player and catering to pan India, that's another reason 
to have slightly higher freight cost. So, these are two primary reasons. 
Still, we see some saving potential in our freight cost, and we are working 
for that because after having these multiple locations, now as a next step 
we are mapping the target market with the respective production facility 
and with this correct mapping we'll be able to save somewhere between 
0.5% to 1% kind of freight cost.  
Yash Tawani: 
So, you're saying that for the further on expansion, any of the 
manufacturing that we do on outsource basis in our targeted market belt. 
If you do that then we can get it down. But if you don't do that then just 
because we have Extruded Snacks getting taking around 8% of the freight 
so that will remain the same, there is no possibility of getting it down 
from here on, is that? 
Sumit Sharma: 
No, there is a possibility. There is a possibility by mapping the right source 
of supply to the right market. Still there is some overlapping because of 
some products are not available at a respective manufacturing facility. 
So, we are in the process of fixing those things. I think once that is fixed, 
we may see another saving of say 0.5% to 1%, so that scope is still 
available for which we are working but structurally namkeen would have 
lower freight cost and other products having slightly larger size of packets 
will have slightly higher freight costs.  
Yash Tawani: 
About our current maintenance CAPEX what is the rate that we are 
running at?  
Sumit Sharma: 
So, as you have seen last year, we commissioned two new facilities, one 
is in Rajkot, second is in Jammu. I think with these two CAPEX, we are 
largely done with the CAPEX requirements. We don't foresee any 
significant CAPEX in the near term. The current utilization level would be 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Page 7 of 20 
about 60%, so it's only the maintenance CAPEX required and some 
addition in our fleet because we have our own fleet of about 200 vehicles.  
The overall maintenance CAPEX including some new CAPEX for vehicles 
and some CAPEX to match the production capacity vis-à-vis packing 
capacity, the overall CAPEX would be somewhere in the range of say  
Rs. 20-25 crore. This year we are investing for a solar plant for which we 
are investing about Rs. 8 to 9 crore that is in process. I think by March, 
the solar plant will get commissioned, that will give us operational saving 
for power cost but barring that there is no significant CAPEX we are 
planning.  
Yash Tawani: 
So, in the last couple of years were quite aggressive on our A&P. We used 
to do around 3% to 4% around these numbers but in the last couple of 
years we have reduced and now we are making a saving just because 
cutting down one channel in our distribution. So, any kind of strategy of 
how we are looking at this thing that how to go about the A&P as we are 
making some sort of saving, once the inflation which is just because of 
the food which just got in will come down in some couple of quarters. So 
how do we see this, how we are looking at this thing in terms of A&P to 
go about?  
Amit Kumat: 
We have never spent around 3% to 4% on A&P in last many years. We did 
little bit more probably 2% when we hired Salman Khan as a brand 
ambassador in 2017. Unfortunately, after that we couldn't do much 
about advertisement because of a lot of many reasons including 
inflationary prices and Covid but definitely if the cycle cools down next 
year, we are definitely looking to increase our expenses in A&P.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gaurang Kakkad from Haitong 
Securities.  
Gaurang Kakkad: 
I have a couple of questions. Firstly, regarding growth for this quarter, 
can you indicate what will be the industry growth? Because largely if you 
look at our growth, it looks a bit modest versus a couple of listed players 
who have come out with their Q2 numbers. So, is there any specific 
pressure in terms of any categories that we are seeing or any geography 
that is seeing some pressure and some indication on market share if you 
can give? 
Amrit Chaudhary: 
With respect to the industry growth we have seen that the inflationary 
pressures have hit the Rs. 5 segment little higher wherein our major play 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Page 8 of 20 
lies. So therefore, our growth so to say has been a little modest than 
couple of competitors that we have been kind of talking about. In 
addition to that would also kind of want to know that we have seen a sort 
of differential growth in western salty space as compared to the 
traditional namkeen side. And therefore, while overall pressure was 
being felt, it was largely felt a little higher on the Rs. 5 segment. But as 
our CEO has already mentioned that even in that segment, we have done 
relatively well vis-à-vis competitors. So, industry in the western salty 
space over the last quarter have been largely in that tune of 5% odd and 
Rs. 5 should be Neilson numbers are yet to be kind of closely reported. 
But on the market share side, we would be holding in the price pack 
segment, we would be holding our market share and if the movement 
had been there, it would be in the range of 0.1% kind of a thing.  
Gaurang Kakkad: 
And even in the Rs. 5 price point are there any category specific trends 
that we are seeing that some categories are outpacing growth where 
some of them are laggards? If you can give some colour on that.  
Amrit Chaudhary: 
For us Rings as a product as a category has seen a declining trend on this, 
Potato Chips have been largely flat. It was being driven by our ability to 
innovate on the flavours and if you will see we have been able to kind of 
hold on to our Potato Chips share and numbers despite the core flavours 
not doing well. Our ability to innovate on the new flavours point has 
helped us kind of hold on to our numbers, Pellet has been growing 
significantly now in our portfolio. So, at an overall level within Rs. 5 
portfolio, we have seen certain category movements across these three 
categories.  
Gaurang Kakkad: 
Secondly you mentioned gross margin pressure largely because of potato 
prices in Q2. And I think that palm oil duty also would largely now start 
hitting us from Q3 onwards. So largely how are we looking to mitigate 
this impact in terms of further inflation that would hit us in Q3? And any 
margin guidance that you would want to share largely for the year or the 
medium term that would be helpful? 
Sumit Sharma: 
Hi Gaurang, this is Sumit. You rightly mentioned, Q3 will have some 
negative impact of palm oil because of increase in duty somewhere in the 
month of September and there is a significant inflation in palm oil. We 
are just trying to mitigate most of its negative impact by rationalizing the 
grammages, by reducing the trade margin, by increasing the price to 
retailer what we call PTR. These kinds of initiatives we are taking.  

 
 Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Page 9 of 20 
In addition to this we are also working on multiple initiatives to optimize 
our operational cost, to improve the efficiency. I think all these things will 
certainly help us to mitigate some of the impact of these price inflation 
particularly for oil. But again, oil being highly volatile in the last month, 
so there was some impact of custom duty increase and even thereafter 
there was some increasing trend in the palm oil. Considering this volatility 
it's a bit difficult to give some guidance on Quarter 3 or FY25. But yes, we 
are trying multiple initiatives to offset or negate the negative impact of 
this inflation.  
Gaurang Kakkad: 
And potato price inflation will continue into Q3 as well, so when is the 
fresh crop pricing expected for potatoes?  
Sumit Sharma: 
So, potato fresh crop comes, starts somewhere by mid of December. So, 
we are hoping the price to cool off by mid of December. Till then I think 
there will be similar kind of pressure will remain for potato.  
Gaurang Kakkad: 
And apart from potato and palm oil, there are no other pockets of 
inflation. So, most of the other commodities largely are range bound.  
Sumit Sharma: 
Unfortunately, no I think this is the exceptional time where we are 
experiencing inflation in most of the commodities. See we are pretty 
hedged in terms of diversity in our raw material, like potatoes required 
only for Potato Chips, pulses are required only for Namkeen, corn is 
required only for Extruded and wheat is required only for Pellet. So, in 
that sense we are pretty hedged because there is no significant 
dependency on any of the single raw material, barring palm oil which is a 
common raw material for every product. But unfortunately, this time we 
are experiencing severe inflation in most of the commodities including 
wheat, corn, pulses, the gram flour etc. So yes, inflation is there even for 
other commodities as well.  
Gaurang Kakkad: 
I meant inflation from Q2 to Q3 like Q2 to Q3 also there will be inflation 
for most of the commodities, is it? Or is this YoY? 
Sumit Sharma: 
This is YOY but yes, Q2 versus Q3 should largely remain same except the 
palm oil.  
Gaurang Kakkad: 
And just one thing finally Sumit you mentioned quick commerce as a 
focus area. So, some numbers if you can share in terms of the 
contribution of quick commerce business for us and largely what will be 
the terms for this business? So, is it that the margins will be inferior to 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Page 10 of 20 
company margins or similar? If some colour, you can give on this that 
would be from my end.  
Amrit Chaudhary: 
So Gaurang, the contribution at this point while it's a focus area and we 
have had the first listing of our products for our customers one of the 
quick commerce platforms. It's too early to kind of comment on the kind 
of numbers that the channel will start delivering for us because it's only 
been a month or so and the growth opportunity here is definitely 
significant. At this point of time there are five large players and the 
discussions are on, final discussions are on with a couple of them to kind 
of get us onboarded. We want not only to improve sales but also to kind 
of establish ourselves as a very firm player in larger pack points, high 
margin products. We are also in the process of kind of discussing certain 
exclusive product development for this channel. Going forward we are 
hoping that this channel will become a significant contributor for our 
revenues as well as for our bottom-line contribution. So, if that answers 
your question.  
Gaurang Kakkad: 
And margins will be similar to general trade or inferior to start with?  
Amrit Chaudhary: 
To begin with it will have some because they will have to kind of invest a 
little more in terms of on platform marketing initiatives etc. But going 
forward we think this will be margin accretive only because we want to 
dial up our large pack and high margin portfolio in this segment.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Mathur from Systematix.  
Abhishek Mathur: 
Just wanted to check with you, what is our current contribution of large 
packs? I think it was high rated about 12% to 13% a couple of quarters 
back. So, has that increased in the recent past and where do you see it 
going in the medium term? Also, in terms of Namkeen penetration, I think 
this was at about 25% the last we heard. Has that also improved over the 
near term? If you can answer those questions.  
Sumit Sharma: 
Hi Abhishek, this is Sumit. So, there is no significant movement over the 
last couple of quarters. On an average for the entire company 18% to 20% 
is the number for large pack, large I mean Rs. 10 and above. However, 
that's very different for different product categories. When we talk about 
Potato Chips, so Rs. 5 contribution for Chips is about 70% and 30% is Rs. 
10 and more. For Chulbule which is a subcategory of Extruded, again the 
Rs. 5 contribution is about 72% and 28% is 10 and above. In case of 
Extruded, the large amount of market lies with Rs. 5, so 10 and above the 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Page 11 of 20 
market itself is pretty small. Like for Pellet It's a largely Rs. 5 product 
category, for Rings it's largely Rs. 5 product category. So, in those 
categories our contribution of Rs. 5 is also pretty high which is almost 
97%-98%. For Namkeen our contribution for Rs. 5 is about 85%. So, 10 
and above is 15%. Here we see a significant opportunity to up the ladder 
for this bigger pack which we are driving. And certainly, these premium 
products what Amit ji has also mentioned, will help us to drive bigger 
price points. Because these products have been launched in Rs. 30 price 
points for quick commerce going forward we will have Rs. 20, Rs. 10 kinds 
of version for general trade as well. And export is also going to help us to 
drive sale of this higher price points where we are now pretty aggressive. 
As Amit ji has mentioned in his opening remark that the team has 
participated in multiple food expos, and we have received a very 
encouraging response. We have started dispatching to some of the newer 
countries in Quarter 3.  
Abhishek Mathur: 
Also wanted to check with you. You mentioned that you had rationalized 
trade margins as well as cut grammage. So just wanted to check, have 
competitors also followed these moves in terms of trade margin 
rationalization and if not is there a concern in terms of us maintaining 
competitiveness in the channel? 
Amrit Chaudhary:  
So, to answer this question we also need to kind of consider where were 
we and as with respect to trade margin that we had offered to our trade 
partners. As you rightly mentioned we didn't want it to have any adverse 
effect on the overall earning capability of our trade partners. Also, they 
being a very important lever through which we kind of serve all of our 
consumers. So, we have been very, I would say we have sharp shooted 
our trade margin optimization wherever we have seen that we were sort 
of overpaying than our competitors. And so, we have kind of gone ahead 
and kind of rationalized our trade margins, specifically in those areas. So, 
it has been a very surgical kind of a thing, not wide spectrum every one 
size fits all kind of an approach. We have taken very close consideration 
that we should not very highly adversely impact any sort of ROI for our 
trade partners. We have been cognizant of their wellbeing also. So, to 
answer your question, no we do not see any impact as such of reduced 
trade margins, negative impact as such of the reduced trade margins so 
far as our ability to serve our customer is concerned.  
Abhishek Mathur: 
And just one final one from me. So, we had commissioned our Jammu 
and Rajkot facilities sometime back, if I'm not sure. I think you mentioned 
on the 4Q call that they've been commissioned. And I think the indicative 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Page 12 of 20 
sales from the nearby markets of Punjab, HP and J&K were about Rs. 10 
to 11 odd crore. Any increase that we are seeing from those markets 
because of the commissioning of the Jammu plant and supplies from 
there increasing? 
Amrit Chaudhary: 
After commissioning of any plant, it takes some time for a plant operation 
to kind of settle and so we have taken this duration to kind of settle our 
operations. We have had certain disruption in the initial few months so 
far as optimal run of the plant was being concerned. At this point of time 
as we speak the things have now settled. And we have started seeing 
much more better utility of the plant capacity as well as dispatches 
commencing from our Jammu plant. So going forward we see that in a 
quarter or two, we'll see our Jammu plant contributing significantly to 
kind of improve our market standing in those regions which has been so 
far underserved. So, we think that we will be able to fully start utilizing 
the potential of the plant and buy market shares in those regions or any 
kind of savings that should accrue to us in a quarter or two from here on.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepali Kumari from Arihant Capital 
Markets. 
Deepali Kumari: 
So, like with your current capacity utilization at only 55% to 60%, so what 
are your plans to increase this? Are you looking at expanding production 
or focusing on better utilization of existing facilities?  
Amrit Chaudhary: 
So, Deepali I'll take this question. So, there is no very straightforward 
answer to this question. If you listen to the commentary so far that has 
been made by our CFO, our freight cost or even your fellow analysts who 
have been kind enough to ask certain questions, we see that different 
markets have got different preference for customers. When we 
commissioned a few plants, some assumptions were being made in terms 
of the demand that will get nearby those plants. So probably that in few 
of the cases we have not seen those assumptions coming to fructify. But 
having said that we will have to go both ways. In a few of our existing 
plants we'll have to kind of improve our production capacity or 
production volume so that we start better utilizing by the same time since 
freight cost is very high. If the market demands that we need to kind of 
commission or another line in one of the plants existing plants etc. So, 
the new CAPEX may also be required. At this point of time, we see we are 
adequately covered so far as expansion plans are concerned. And 
therefore, it will be a mix of both, more utilization of our capacity in the 
existing plant because different plants, different products are at a 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Page 13 of 20 
different life cycle stage in different markets so far as our brands are 
concerned. And therefore, it will be a mix of a bit of both, better 
utilization of existing capacity as well as if the need so arises to kind of go 
ahead and deploy newer plants.  
Deepali Kumari: 
I also have one more question. Like I noticed you moved away from the 
traditional distribution model to the direct one. How has this change 
helped in reducing cost and getting products to market faster? Has this 
been a game changer for your profitability?  
Sumit Sharma: 
So certainly, that has helped us to reduce the overall distribution cost. 
Earlier were following a three-tier distribution model and the overall 
channel cost, excluding retailer, was about 14%. Now with this direct 
distribution, the overall distribution cost has come down to about 10%. 
So that kind of savings we have accrued over the period. So that has really 
helped.  
In certain markets there was some disruption because of the direct 
distribution, considering the size of distributor. The markets where the 
distributors were smaller in size, there was some consolidation in those 
markets but by and large it went well. There was no significant disruption 
in the market. And that has also helped us to reduce the overall time to 
reach to the retailer point or to the consumer point.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Resha Mehta from Green Edge 
Wealth.  
Resha Mehta: 
I have a couple of questions. So, the first one is on the Rs. 10 SKU. So can 
you just help me with the EBITDA margins of a Rs. 10 SKU versus a Rs. 5 
SKU on a like to like basis. So, let's say if we're talking about Rs. 10 wafer 
versus Rs. 5 wafer. The reason I'm asking this is because while certainly 
there will be savings on the logistics cost for the Rs. 10 SKU but I think the 
gross margins are lower on the Rs. 10 SKU and also the margins that we 
offer to our channel partners are slightly higher here. So just wanted to 
understand at an EBITDA level how does Rs. 5 SKU versus a Rs. 10 SKU 
compare for the same category?  
Sumit Sharma: 
So, you rightly mentioned that in case of Rs. 10 you need to higher slightly 
more value to the consumer and also slightly higher margin to the 
retailer. But again, it varies at a different lifecycle of the products. For 
example, in our case we are very strong in Rs. 5. As I mentioned more 
than 80%-85% is contributed by Rs. 5. So, Rs. 10 is relatively very small 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Page 14 of 20 
for us. So, in our case certainly we need to offer a slightly higher margin 
to our retailer because it's more push as of now. But over the period once 
we grow in that particular price segment, then we can command price in 
even Rs. 10 price point and eventually 10 becomes more profitable than 
5 because there is a significant reduction in the primary packaging cost, 
laminate I mean, and that's a very significant cost for the overall product. 
Also, the logistic cost, which is another significant cost is pretty low in 
case of Rs. 10 as compared to Rs. 5. Even the overall operational cost, the 
factory overhead etc., the cost for Rs. 10 is pretty low as compared to Rs. 
5. So, these are the reasons finally we ended up having a better margin 
in case of Rs. 10 as compared to Rs. 5 but again at a slightly higher volume 
of Rs. 10. Not in the initial stage, initially one needs to invest to build that 
category of 10 and above. 
Resha Mehta: 
And second one is, we announced a couple of measures to kind of contain 
the margin compression. So over here one is on the grammage reduction. 
So, I believe even in our Q1 commentary spoke about grammage 
reduction. So, have we taken further grammage reduction in Q2?  
Sumit Sharma: 
Yes, in certain SKUs in certain product categories, there were further 
reductions. So even in Q1, the reduction was in certain categories, not in 
the entire portfolio. So, we again revisited for rest of the product 
categories where we didn't change grammage in the Quarter 1. So, we 
made some changes in some of the SKUs and product categories.  
Resha Mehta: 
And we've been talking about recalibrating trade margins. So, would you 
say that, that has also kind of impacted our revenue growth in the regions 
that we would have reduced the trade margins? 
Amrit Chaudhary: 
So overall no. But as Sumit ji recently mentioned a little while ago that in 
certain geographies wherein the size of our distributors was really small 
so we have had some negative impact in those regions. But in most of the 
regions we have been able to kind of grow our business despite the fact 
that we moved from a three-tier system of a very high trade margin to a 
two-tier system of direct distribution model, so to say. To answer your 
question in very selected few where our salience of the brand was not 
very high, we have seen some impact. But at an overall level where 
salience of the brand was significant, we have not seen any adverse 
impact because of this reason.  
Resha Mehta: 
And we had hired a consultant. So, any specific findings, 
recommendations that you would like to share at this point?  

 
 Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Page 15 of 20 
Sumit Sharma: 
So, they just started working in last quarter, so I think it's a bit early. But 
yes, there is a clear defined agenda of what we want to achieve with their 
help and both from a sales side and from operational side, I think in next 
one or two quarters we'll be able to see the positive results both in sales 
and operation side.  
Resha Mehta: 
And on this SFA implementation which has benefited in terms of range 
selling. So, can you just maybe quantitatively or if quantitative is not 
possible then qualitatively kind of talk about in some regions where you 
have implemented SFA, how has it actually led to increased range selling 
or just a few examples that would help? 
Amrit Chaudhary: 
So, I'll kind of see without the help of SFA, my frontline salesforce, they 
had to kind of remember or write down everything in a piece of paper to 
kind of to know what exactly is happening even to kind of analyze and to 
kind of sharp shoot their sales effort. It wasn't available. So, as we speak 
the SFA has now been implemented across most of our geography. And 
so, we have taken an incremental approach in we have been in the 
business for a decade plus, but our sales team was not used to kind of 
use those kind of IT infrastructure. It was a bit of a behavior change also 
that we had to drive in ground. But now since they have started seeing 
the importance of and the utility of certain data which will help them take 
more informed decisions, it has started kind of helping us drive identify 
which all of the outlets which is kind of dropping off and not kind of 
repeating. And even the supervisory cadre is now able to ask relevant 
questions and visit and sharp shoot or solve the problems of any of the 
retailers that may be having to answer, just at the very surface level if I 
need to kind of answer about this. We have started as Sumit ji was kind 
of telling we have got consultants now on board. So, a lot more 
meaningful analysis are now being done and shared with the sales force 
for them to kind of align their actions with that of what the data is 
suggesting rather than going and executing only on the basis of hunch or 
the remembrance that they were carrying. Probably a similar question 
two quarters down the line we will be in a much better position to kind 
of tell you with exact numbers that how our efficiency parameters or for 
that matter effectiveness parameters at the trade level has improved. 
This is an implementation which we have been a little late to implement 
with respect to the FMCG industry overall. But we have started now 
leveraging this IT tool that we have to drive and better direct our effort 
while executing in the market. So, if you can ask this question once again 
or you can ask this question once again after two to three quarters, we 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Page 16 of 20 
will be in a much better position to kind of tell you what exactly has been 
the benefit of such wide scale adoption of the IT tool.  
Resha Mehta: 
And lastly even DMS I think was rolled out on a pilot basis in FY24. So 
even now has that been implemented pan India or we are still in a gradual 
expansion stage there? 
Amrit Chaudhary: 
So, it is back to the drawing board as we speak. DMS, as you have rightly 
mentioned we rolled out in a couple of territories. We had some learnings 
and because of certain feedback that has come we had to kind of go back 
to the drawing board once again so far as our overall structure of the DMS 
and the rollout plan was concerned. Further update will be given to you 
as we kind of go ahead and implement the DMS.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Alisha Mahawla from Envision 
Capital.  
Alisha Mahawla: 
My first question is on margins. We've been mentioning that raw material 
prices, especially in Q3 will also be hit because of the duty on palm oil. So 
that can continue to act as a drag to margins and as we continue to invest 
in growing our quick commerce, e-commerce segment and large packs 
also as we introduce them will probably have to invest a little bit by 
shedding trade margins. So, in the near term will margins continue to stay 
under pressure?  
Sumit Sharma: 
The investment in quick commerce and large pack is not going to be 
significant, considering the scale of our company. However, there will be 
pressure because of the inflation in the commodity pricing, especially the 
palm oil. I think it's prudent to invest in quick commerce and big packet 
from a long-term vision perspective. There may be some pressure, some 
stress in the short term, maybe in a quarter or so. That should not derail 
the overall long-term objective of the company. And that's the 
philosophy we are following, and we are just trying to invest in this new 
channel to drive the sales and especially the higher price point sales and 
the premium product sales.  
Alisha Mahawla: 
And with the change in distribution network that we had initiated almost 
2 years ago, have the benefits of that now all come in? 
Sumit Sharma:  
The benefit in terms of better realization, I think that is already accrued 
and that even that was reflected in our previous year financials. The 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Page 17 of 20 
whole saving from the direct distribution was roughly about 3%-3.25% 
odd. So that has completely accrued.  
Alisha Mahawla: 
So, our aspiration of double-digit margins, where does that stand now? 
Because again we're investing in growing new segments for our business.  
Sumit Sharma: 
That is intact Alisha. Still, we are going in that direction though there is 
some commodity pressure, and we don't see this kind of pressure as a 
permanent because again the agro commodity has a cycle. As I 
mentioned in my earlier comment, the potato fresh crop generally comes 
by mid of December, so in most likelihood the prices will come down 
because that's a cycle. In one year, the price goes up and the following 
year generally the price gets corrected.  
All said and done, we are not dependent on the commodity pricing. We 
are making lot of other initiatives to structurally improve the margin and 
to name a few on a sales side, we mentioned earlier that we are in 
process of optimizing the trade margins and we have reduced in certain 
geographies. Earlier when we were following a three-tier distribution 
model as I mentioned in my previous answer that the trade margin was 
about 14% which has now come down to 10%-10.25% and when we were 
following a three-tier distribution model, we were giving 8% margin to 
the distributor. So compared to that 8% the overall offered margin is 
about 10%, so the clear-cut scope of 2% is available. However, we are not 
in hurry, and we will pull down that margin after doing a thorough study, 
what Amrit ji also mentioned considering the ROI and net profit of what 
the distributor is making on his overall business. So thoughtfully we will 
get that margin. But yes, that clear cut scope of about 2% lies in the 
distribution channel barring from price to retailer where also there is 
some scope.  
On the operation side as I mentioned earlier, there is a saving potential 
of about 0.5% to 1% in our logistic cost since we have multiple geography, 
multiple manufacturing locations and after having a right mapping from 
a source of supply to the destination, there would be a potential saving 
of 0.5% to 1%. We are also taking advantage of technology which we have 
not been using especially in the logistic function because that's a bit 
complex. So, we see saving potential in logistics.  
Apart from logistics and sales, there are few line items in the overhead, 
cost of production, especially the stores and consumables, the manpower 
cost which is a significant cost. In our case the overall manpower cost is 

 
 Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Page 18 of 20 
about 9.5%, so there is a saving potential about 1%-1.5%, especially in the 
manpower cost and 1% kind of saving potential we are foreseeing in the 
rest of the overhead line items. So, on an overall basis there is a saving 
potential of about 4% to 5% for which we are also taking external help. 
We have hired a consultant, and they are helping us to drive all these 
initiatives to improve the efficiencies, to reduce the cost for various line 
items. And that gives us comfort that structurally we can improve our 
margin from here by 4% to 5% in 1-1.5 years’ timeframe. That will allow 
us to reach somewhere around (+10%) EBITDA margin level. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
So how long do we think it will take for us now to implement or initiate 
some of these initiatives that we're talking about?  
Sumit Sharma: 
I think most of it we should be able to get in the next 1-1.5 years’ time 
because we’ve already initiated most of the things. I think it will take 
some time to accrue the results. So, the results will start accruing in a 
phased manner. Like maybe in a quarter or so we will start getting some 
advantage, some benefit from certain line items, some will take slightly 
longer time, some will take slightly shorter time. But in the next 1-1.5 
years’ time I think most of this we should be able to get.  
Alisha Mahawla: 
So maybe by FY26 we can hit the aspiration of double digit? 
Sumit Sharma:  
Yes. It will start reflecting in the bottom line. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
In the current quarter we reported about 4.3% margins. And you are 
saying 2% is because of RM inflation. After that also it seems significantly 
lower than where we were historically, say same time last year or even in 
the previous quarter. So, what else has led to the sharp decline in margin?  
Sumit Sharma: 
I think that was the primary reason and there is some incremental cost 
on account of hiring the consultant. So that has also been part of the 
overhead. So, there is some impact of that. Barring that it's a product mix 
change because again every product has a different margin profile. So, 
with a change in the product mix there is some impact on the bottom 
line. But nothing significant. These are some line items with a small-small 
percentage accumulating to this number. But a large part of it was the 
material price which is about 2 point something percentage. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
So just one bookkeeping question. What is the amount that for the 
consultant you said which is leading to bump up in other expenses? Can 
you quantify it?  

 
 Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Page 19 of 20 
Sumit Sharma: 
So, it is in the combination of fixed and variable fees, some amount of 
their fees is fixed which is accrued every month and some amount of fee 
is linked to the success with certain milestones. Fixed fees accrued on a 
monthly basis, variable will accrue up once they achieve, they hit the 
milestones.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubh Shah from RatnaTraya Capital. 
Shubh Shah: 
Does the other income this quarter also reflect the incentives from J&K 
and if not by when will this start coming in?  
Sumit Sharma: 
J&K incentive is not yet accrued. As a policy we accrue incentives 
generally at the end of the financial year, if the benefit is linked to the 
sales threshold or something like this. So, on a quarterly basis we are not 
accruing any income on account of this J&K incentive. So that is not there 
in the financials what we reported for Quarter 2.  
Shubh Shah: 
By when would this start coming in? 
Sumit Sharma: 
So, it starts from the first sales invoice, as per the policy whatever GST is 
being charged in the invoice that will be refunded by the government as 
a part of incentive, so those conditions are being complied. Once those 
conditions are fulfilled, we will start accruing this incentive income in the 
other operating income. Hopefully by March, we should be able to 
comply with the rest of the conditions.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Tawani from Amara Capital.  
Yash Tawani: 
My question is regarding the ethnic segment, in our ethnic snack for the 
namkeen, so what is the growth or how much percentage on YOY basis 
we are looking out for this thing or let's say and the second is how we are 
looking to take this to what percentage of top line in let's say the coming 
year 2-3 years, what is the target for the Namkeen as we are focusing on 
Namkeen pretty much so how we are looking at it? 
Amrit Chaudhary: 
So yes, you are right that Namkeen has been one of the mainstays. It is 
not as significant as a western salty space but owing to the nature of the 
industry and the structure of the industry today, we need to be kind of a 
significant player in the Namkeen sub segment of the overall Salty space. 
As we speak, it is less than one fifth of our overall contribution. As we 
speak, we are in the process of kind of identifying and kind of nurturing a 
few killer products in that space.  

 
 Q2 & H1 FY25 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Page 20 of 20 
If you see even Namkeen is sub segmented into lot many other, 
segmented into the further sub segments of it to be it mixture, nuts, 
Punjabi Tadkas of the world. So, we have got a significant play or a 
reasonable amount of play in terms of product offering that we offer in 
Punjabi Tadkas, in the peanut space or in Bhujia savoring thing. But we 
are still kind of in the process of customizing our mixture offerings etc., 
which forms a significant portion of overall traditional Namkeen 
portfolio.  
So, to answer your question what is it in terms of percentage contribution 
that we are targeting in 3 years’ time in the overall traditional namkeen 
space. It will be a little difficult to kind of say but it's certainly would 
increase because the industry is heading towards that and with addition 
of new products which contribute significantly to the sub segment, we 
believe that the journey from here on or an overall sales contribution 
level will be northwards only for Traditional Namkeen.  
Yash Tawani: 
For this FY25 year closing, are we looking at any kind of growth in it or is 
it on a let's say somewhat flattish number for the Namkeen what we did 
in the FY24? How we are looking at for this for the remaining H2 to close 
within namkeen? 
Amrit Chaudhary: 
So far Namkeen FY25 we are growing and the growth trajectory will 
continue and further accelerate with introduction of new products and 
price points that we have mentioned. It's already in the path of growth 
from FY24. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As this was the last question for today, I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments.  
Sumit Sharma: 
Thank you everyone for joining us on this call today. We look forward to 
interacting with you again. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Prataap Snacks Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited 
without changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information 
was shared/discussed on the call. 
