 
ROLEX RINGS LIMITED 
 [CIN:    L28910GJ2003PLC041991] 
Regd. Office:-BEHIND GLOWTECH STEEL PRIVATE LIMITED, GONDAL ROAD, KOTHARIA, 
RAJKOT 
Phone: (281 )6699577/6699677  
Email: compliance@rolexrings.com website. www.rolexrings.com 
 
Ref. RolexRings/Reg30/AnalystMeeting/Nov2024/1 
  
November 15, 2024 
 
 
To, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
BSE Limited,
Phiroze JeeJeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
 
Script Code: 543325 
 
 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Script Symbol: ROLEXRINGS 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosures 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that the company participated in 
Investor/Analyst Call as given below: 
 
Date 
Type of Meeting/Event 
Location 
November 11, 2024 
Investor/Analyst 
Call 
scheduled 
by 
Equirus 
Securities 
with 
the 
management of the company 
to discuss the company’s 
results for 2QFY25 
Zoom Meeting (Virtual) 
 
No Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (UPSI) was shared/discussed in the meeting 
with the investors/analysts. 
 
However, as a matter of better compliance & investors’ services, the Transcripts of the said 
Analyst Call is attached herewith, for reference & record please. 
 
Please take the same on your records 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Rolex Rings Limited 
 
 
 
_______________________ 
Hardik Dhimantbhai Gandhi  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
{Membership No. A39931] 
Hardik 
Dhimantbhai 
Gandhi
Digitally signed by Hardik 
Dhimantbhai Gandhi 
Date: 2024.11.15 11:26:10 
+05'30'

File Name: GMT20241111-053420_Recording_1920x1030 
Duration: 00:57:25 
 
Mihir Vora: Good morning everyone. On behalf of Equities Securities,  I welcome you all to the Q2,  
FY 25 post earnings conference call of Rolex team. From the management side,  we have Mr. 
Manesh Madeka Chairman and Managing Director,  Mr. Mihir Madeka Full time Director and Mr. 
Hiren Doshi CFO. So without further ado,  I will now hand over the floor to Hiren sir,  for opening 
remarks post which we will have a Q&A session over to you Hiren sir.  
 
Mr. Hiren Doshi (00:00:30): Yeah,  Mihir allow me to share the presentation. Mihir my screen is 
visible ? 
 
Mihir Vora (00:00:48): Yes,  Sir. 
 
Mr. Hiren Doshi (00:00:53): Okay. Very good morning to all the participants. This is Hiren Doshi from 
Rolex Rings Limited. Thank you very much for your spending your time to attend this,  quarterly Call 
and we would like to brief you the quarter two of FY 25,  as well as the first half of FY 25,  the 
financial and business developments. The revenues from the for this second quarter of fiscal 23,  net 
revenue,  what it has recorded at 300 crore,  which was 311 crore in the last quarter,  that is the 
June 2024 quarter. ,  I would like to tell that here we had a dip of somewhere about three,  three and 
a half percentage But in terms of EBITDA, would like to tell you that in second quarter of FY 25,  that 
is September 24th,  we have recorded 24.4%,  which was 24.2% in the previous quarter. So in spite 
of reduction of, three and a half percentage over here in revenue,  but the company has able to 
maintain the EBITDA here I would also like to mention that this EBITDA,  what we are telling you is 
considering the other income,  even if after the without considering the other income on paper,  it 
looks like that EBITDA is 22% without other income. But we would like to clarify that in other income 
we had a we have a forex gain realized forex gain is somewhere about three and a half to ,  35 to 37 
million,  which is actually it is in nature of operational. If you add this amount,  then even after 
without considering other income,  the our EBITDA is to 23% for this quarter FY 20 . Quarter of  
September ended in terms of PBT company has recorded 65 crore revenue, which was almost same 
66 crore in the previous quarter. At the same time,  the PAT company has recorded 49.3 crore,  
which was 14, almost touching 50 crores, in previous quarter. Here,  The company would like to tell 
you that in spite of, having some dip on top line,  but we are able to maintain the margin,  the PBT 
pat level in terms of business segments, the bearing,  which is a suppressed, ,  sector as of now,  
wherein we have,  . ,  It has contributed 47% of our revenue and auto component. It's 53% from this 
fiscal onwards,  the auto components,  the strong demand and the new order winning,  we have 
been able to surpass the bearing ring level,  which was in the previous fiscal. The bearing ring was 
somewhere about 60%. But this fiscal it is more or less 47% and 53% of auto components in terms of 
exports,  business and domestic revenue company has recorded ,  52% of its contribution from the 
exports revenue and ,  48% from the domestic business and ,  revenue mix with the application of 
the product,  with the end user of the products,  almost 46% goes to the, passenger vehicle segment,  
18% goes to the industrial 27% it is for commercial vehicle,  heavy commercial vehicle,  and 8% goes 
for the, EV and hybrid kind of vehicles. If we talk about the total revenue of, from the company,  
total revenue from operations for this first half,  it has 611 crore,  which was 1221 crore in the 
previous fiscal. So on an annualized basis,  we are almost at par,  though the second quarter was a 
bit,   down compared to the first one,  but we expect some good recovery in the last quarter of this, 
current fiscal in terms of EBITDA for the first half,  152 crore rupees,  which is 24.3% for the fiscal FY 
24,  it was 277. In terms of EBITDA,  We are on the a bit ahead compared to the previous fiscal as far 
as the annualized number is concerned. Same way in terms of, PBT,  it was 99 crore for the first half,  
which was 132 which is 132 crore.  PBT ,  in fiscal 24,  it was 242 crore. We are almost, surpassing the 
PBT pat level,  what we had in the previous fiscal. The company is having a quite strong operating 

cash flow and with the minim CapEx and the required CapEx company has maintained good cash, 
position for the current fiscal,  first half,  the operating revenue or the operating cash flow, was 
somewhere about 124 crore,  out of which 20 odd crore something has been spent for the CapEx 
remaining is being, ,  reinvested and back to the, instrents, in terms of debt,  as we told earlier. Also,  
company is in net negative debt for almost a year,  and today company is carrying, good cash surplus 
with him without carrying a single rupee of debt return on equity. It is in the range of 20%,  what we 
had in 27%,  24% in previous fiscal. These are the detailed numbers for the operating as well as the, 
balance sheet numbers before, inviting the participants for the question Q&A session I would like to 
request our director,  Mr. Mihir Madeka,  to just give you a throw a some light on the, the current 
business affairs as well as the business,  what we are expecting in the coming quarters as well as for 
the next fiscal also over to you,  Mihir.  
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:07:57): Yeah. So good morning. ,  So regarding the auto component,  as we 
mentioned, regarding the auto component is means we are growing in, you know,  that Europe and 
US is a bit down due to all this, the war and the the issues and all that,  but but we are getting more, 
we are reaching more customers and more businesses from the existing customers,  which are going 
to start from the next year and so on and , like, there are few customers,  like American customers,  
who has a facility across the globe where we are growing with them in Mexico,  Poland and there are 
few customers who are a European customers. They are also having a plant across the globe where 
we are growing in in US,  Mexico,  in Italy,  and furthermore,  businesses around the discussions,  
apart from that,  there is again one,  a French company,  a big OEM with them. Also recently we got 
a good business for us,  which is going to start from the next year. So definitely as far as the auto 
component is concerned,  we are having a very good customer base and we are growing a good 
customer base. We are having and, since you might be knowing that we are installed one high speed 
hot former last year over and above that we also ordered two more vertical forging lines for which 
we already got few businesses and we need those lines. So we have ordered and that line is going to 
be installed immediately within next year. Good growth in auto component and so there is a very 
good growth in the auto component. Same way bearing ring is down at present due to all these 
geopolitical issues and this war and all. But definitely ,  next year,  what we are getting assigned 
because we are customers in bearing what they are doing,  they are shuffling their business,  
shifting,  shifting or shuffling. You can say like few countries,  they are shifting and they are no more 
now a profitable. So they are moving those lines or those business to their other countries. So we 
have already started so in the at present it is down but they are moving the they are shifting the. 
Business So immediately within another maxim 3 to 5 months We are going to get some more 
business from their other country in Europe. There are many Asian countries where they had facility. 
They are shifting their requirement from Korea to India. And recently we have many customer visit 
very important customer from their senior CEO are visiting our facility in next week So we are very 
much hopeful that from. That it is very easy for bearing manufacturer to shift the supplier it. In case 
of automotive it takes one and a half year to two years to start the bulk business,  but bearing they 
can shift the supply from other supplier. Also So as a part of that,  many bearing customers are 
visiting in next few weeks to shift their requirement from India. So we are very much hopeful that 
bearing business will also grow from next quarter. See,  one thing I would like to tell you that in this 
tenure,  we we have not lost a single customer. So which is the very big plus point. So this is only and 
only because of this geopolitical issues and all, situations. It's a time being issue. And ,  and now we 
think that it is going to resolve because, what feel we are getting from our customer the way they 
are visiting,  the way they are discussing with us. So in a nutshell, we would like to inform, to the 
stakeholders that, there is a dip,  particularly in the bearing ring market and particularly from the 
overseas market. At the same time,  we would like to inform that company has gained good amount 
of share in domestic auto components business as well as winning auto components business from 
the overseas. No doubt the auto component business,  what we ,  awarded last year,  which was 
supposed to be ramped up ,  quickly,  those have been bit deferred or started slowly,  but ,  with the 

conversation with the dialogues and the, forecasting. Now,  what our customers are giving on that 
base,  we expect, good moment from the last quarter of this fiscal and then onwards. ,  That is why 
we have added couple of more forging press. Though,  we have added one high speed hot former in 
the previous fiscal,  in this fiscal,  we have added a couple of more vertical presses because we have 
already received the nomination. We have already received the, program for the supply of certain 
kind of auto components to these new customers,  which would, scheduled to be in the mid of 2025, 
end of calendar year 2025 and the end of next fiscal. ,  Management is very much confident to have 
at least, mid-teen growth in the next fiscal,  which is, very much, feasible and very much achievable 
as of now. Looking to the, dialogues,  looking to the figures,  what our customers have given at the 
same time,  what we are expecting that the bearing ring business which has, reduced,  which has 
gone down that also to be bit slightly improved from the first quarter of the next fiscal and the last 
quarter of the current, fiscal. ,  Would like to now open a session for the Q&A.  
 
Mihir Vora (00:14:54): Yeah. So thank you,  sir,  for your opening remarks. So we will now open the 
floor for Q&A session. Anyone who wants to ask a question can please use the Raise your Hand 
option. Once you are done asking your question,  please lower your hand and we'll wait for a couple 
of minutes for the question queue to assemble. So first question is from the line of Sonal Gupta. So,  
sir,  you may go ahead. So,  sir,  you are not audible.  
 
Sonal Gupta (00:15:40): Sorry. Can you hear me now?  
 
Mihir Vora (00:15:42): Yeah,  yeah.  
 
Sonal Gupta (00:15:43): Okay. Sorry. ,  No. So, good morning,  and thanks for taking my question. ,  
Could you just share the scrap sales and other operating income for the quarter? 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:15:54): For the quarter scrap sales is, 199.92. You can say 200 million and 
export incentives 39.88 you may say 40 million and, the other income breakup is I was mentioning 
that somewhere about, 37,  38 million consists of, realized gain loss. Apart from that, company has, 
also accrued the income for the funds which have been parked,  which is somewhere about, 35 
million odd and, again,  and interest income from the bank fixed deposits to the extent of,  . ,  20 
million.  
 
Sonal Gupta (00:16:40): Right. ,  Great. Thanks. And I mean,  like, it's been like, now almost like more 
than two years or almost two years of a slowdown and, we have consistently won new orders I 
mean,  our commentary has always been that we are winning new orders and, ,  I mean,  earlier it 
was that Europe was showing a decline and we were not as a result,  overall,  top line was not 
growing. But, I understand I mean,  like,  your business is completely export dependent and mostly 
export dependent and therefore the challenge in, some of the export geographies is impacting you 
but, I'm just trying to understand the divergence between,  like. I mean,  we've consistently said we 
are winning new orders. These are starting going to start. So even this year we started with like a or 
last year,  the expectation was this year will be a mid-teens growth,  and now we're ending up with 
zero growth for this year also potentially. So I'm just I mean like is there a need to I'm just trying to 
understand. Right. Like I mean,  if you could give us some sense of how are your existing orders,  
moving I mean,  like on a year,  year on year basis versus how much of the new orders contributed,  I 
mean,  if you could give us some sense on what is happening. Right a little more detail. 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:18:04): ,  Very true Mr. Sonal,  as you say that we have, almost a consistent 
top line of,  say quarterly 300 odd crore. But I would like you,  to just please take a note that in this 
particular,  revenue number,  the existing business of the bearing ring in domestic as well as in 
overseas has significantly reduced. 

At the same time we. It has been compensated with the new order,  with the new program,  with 
initiation of the new supply. So it's not that that new orders have not started new. If those orders 
were not executed or not started again,  these numbers would much,  much lower than that because 
the loss of betting ring business is somewhere about,  you can say,  almost 30% of overall our 
contribution. What we had in FY 23 are from the bearing ring business. So there is a growth in terms 
of auto component business. Even if you compare my auto component business number of previous 
Fiscals,  which was somewhere about 35-40%,  and today it is touching to or crossing the 50%. So 
there is a growth over there also. So new program,  what we have awarded are at the same time the 
quant at which and the pace at which those were supposed to be,  you know,  started. That is bit 
slow because of all this uncontrollable parameters. ,  You better know that for the last six months,  
again,  the ocean freight matter has significantly arised for the Europe and US. So these are the 
things which,  you know,  bit reluctant or rather create certain hurdles as far as overall growth is 
concerned. But today what we are telling to you that the order winning,  what we had,  the 
nomination,  what we had and the numbers,  what customer intimated accordingly,  we are 
expecting that a mid-teen growth in the next fiscal,  no doubt this year also till in the first half we 
didn't have, growth,  but definitely by end of this fiscal,  we expect particularly in the last quarter of 
this fiscal we expect good jp over there.  
 
Sonal Gupta (00:20:26): Sir,  So we've also won like on the auto component side orders on the like. 
I think a lot of the auto component orders are going into the EV related, things. On the power,  I 
mean,  like in the transmission etc.. So is there I mean,  like,  I have these orders really ramped up 
that much. I mean,  like or because of the slowdown in Europe,  in EVs,  etc.,  we're not seeing these 
orders really ramp up. 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:20:54): Let me tell you,  Sonal,  see,  it's not the EV only which is growing,  or 
rather on the other side,  if I tell you,  the EV customers,  or rather the EV products are not that in 
demand compared to even the, back to ICE vehicles. You know,  the new projects,  what we are 
winning,  even the customers,  what they are targeting one of our Europe, major auto component 
auto buyer customer. He is starting new plant, in ,  or rather already started,  and he is going to 
source the, transmission parts for the ICE vehicle. So it's EV,  no doubt it is a gradually or you can say 
the growth what we had in EV in the previous fiscal. It is degraded in this current year. But ICE part 
again it is growing and we are mainly getting from there. 
 
Sonal Gupta (00:21:46): Got it sir. Okay thanks. I'll join back the queue. Thank you so much. 
 
Mihir Vora (00:21:52): So we'll take the next question from Mr. Harish Bihani,  Harish your line has 
been opened so you can now ask a question.  
 
Harish (00:22:04): Yeah. Am I audible?  
 
Mihir Vora (00:22:07): Yes,  sir. Yes,  sir. 
 
Harish (00:22:09): Good morning. Hiren bhai Good morning Mihir bhai Just wanted to understand 
what is the absolute, number from that one customer for bearing rings,  which is coming down on a 
year on year basis for the first half ? 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:22:29): From the one particular customer group in the bearing ring business 
in this first half,  compared to FY 23 numbers,  it is almost  35 to 40 percentage  
 
Harish (00:22:47): decline. Absolute. What is the absolute number Mihir bhai ? 
 

Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:22:50):  the absolute number you can say in terms of, somewhere about ,  70 
to 90 crores. 
 
Harish (00:23:00): from that one individual customer or customer group.  
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:23:02):  one customer group having three,  four plants. Yeah. 
 
Mr. Hiren Doshi (00:23:05):  They have multiple facilities across the globe. So with few customers 
we are discussing with them and we got some businesses from their multiple plants,  not one plant 
again or you can say multiple program. 
 
Harish (00:23:21):  Understood. 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:23:22):  again customer only they are shifting their, or starting new facility in 
Europe,  which till now it was not there with us. Now we expect that the in the existing couple of 
plants which they are going to shift this facility in the new plant at Europe,  we will be getting supply 
or will be starting supply from the last quarter of this year. 
 
Mr. Hiren Doshi (00:23:43): See their facility was there,  but they were not our that plant was not 
our customer. So now they are shifting their some of their US business to that, Eastern Europe part 
where they were having their own forging and ,  bearing manufacturing now forging, they have 
stopped and they are shifting some business from their US facility to their Eastern Europe. So their, 
we are under very rigorous discussions and, they are going to award us some business. 
 
Harish (00:24:13):  So to clarify,  first half the absolute decline from that one customer group is 
around 90 crores?  
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:24:20):  No,  sir. I'm talking annualized numbers.  
 
Harish (00:24:24):  Annualized numbers So ballpark around 45 crores.  
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:24:27):  Yes.  
 
Harish (00:24:28):  Understood and in terms of the new business win,  either in terms of bearing 
rings or in the auto component,  which is included in the first half numbers,  how much would that 
be? Ballpark. 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:24:42): That is somewhere about, ,  in this first half,  you can say, again, 80 to 
100 crores. 
 
Harish (00:24:55):  This is annualized run rate or this is like.. 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:24:57): No,  no,  I'm talking about the, this one, six months numbers. 
 
Harish (00:25:04):  And this would be predominantly in auto components or… 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:25:07):  Auto components. 
 
Harish (00:25:10):  And given where we are today,  given the slowdown,  which is there in Europe,  
some parts of US, we are expecting Third quarter to be fairly similar to second quarter,  and things 
should start improving from fourth quarter. Is that the right understanding?  

 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:25:25):  Yes,  sir. Yes,  sir.  
 
Harish (00:25:28):  Okay. Understood? Okay. All the best. Thanks.  
 
Mihir (00:25:32): Thank you. Now,  next question is from the line of Abhir Katyayan. Your line has 
been unmuted. You can go ahead.  
 
Abeer Katyayan.(00:25:45): Hello,  Am I audible?  
 
Mihir Vora (00:25:47): Yes. 
 
Abeer Katyayan (00:25:48): Hi,  this is Abeer from Nio. So just some basic questions. First of all,  can 
you give the breakup of auto component and bearing ring absolute number between domestic and 
exports like you did last quarter ? 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:26:03): You want for this quarter or the first half ? 
 
Abeer Katyayan (00:26:06): for this quarter specifically. 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:26:06): for this quarter particularly domestic bearings 88 crores. 
Domestic auto components 49 crores. Export bearing rings 43 crores. Export auto components 96 
crores.  
 
Abeer Katyayan (00:26:24): Sorry. What was the last number? 96 crores.  
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:26:27): Yes. Yeah. You can say overall bearing ring is 131 crore and auto 
components 145 crores for the first half of current fiscal. 
 
Abeer Katyayan (00:26:41): Okay,  so roughly 25 to 30% de-growth we saw,  Still in bearing rings.  
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:26:46): Yes.  
 
Abeer Katyayan (00:26:47): This quarter?  
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:26:48): Yes.  
 
Abeer Katyayan (00:26:49): Okay. Understood. Understood. Thank you.  
 
Mihir Vora (00:26:54): Yeah. So the next question is from the line of (inaudible) I think the 
participant has dropped down. So next question is from Kush Nahar. 
 
 
Kush Nahar (00:27:12): Thank you for the opportunity,  sir. So just two questions,  one is on the 
competitive intensity. I think one of our other forging players is planning to enter the bearing ring 
segment. So how do we look at the competitive scenario and my second question is I think so Trp in 
the pledges has said,  you know of making US so does that,  How does that affect our export 
business ? 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:27:37): First of all what you say it is about to some competitors, this thing,  
I'm sorry,  we don't know any new competitor,  at least in their in last quarter,  there are the players 

who are into the industry. But as we have already highlighted or indicated earlier that the kind of 
facility,  the kind of equipments or the, multifold the number of SKUs and multifold forging as well as 
machining and other value added processes,  what we have, it is difficult for the competitor to 
attend or to cater entire range of my products,  or even the entire set of my customers and because 
the level,  the vole of my customers,  the quality level, again,  the pricing,  it is, it would be a concern 
for us. So but as of now, we didn't face any kind of, that, competition. Competition will be there. 
 
Mr. Hiren Doshi (00:28:37): Second thing I would like to note is that whenever we get any program 
in auto component,  there is always a contract of 5 to 7 year minim. Okay. So they then they pay us a 
huge amount of development and the tooling cost and the same amount or more than that amount 
they spend to validate our product in their facility. So they will never change the supplier until and 
unless there is any major quality issue or there is any major delivery issue,  or we suddenly ask for 
any Abnormal price increase in these three scenarios only they will try to move out. Otherwise for 
that seven year,  that program is with us and after seven years there is always there is always going 
to be extension of minim 4to 5 or 7 years. That is also they are going to keep it with us only because 
again,  if they are moving,  then they need to invest a huge amount of money in validation and 
proving out and the same amount of money they have to give it to their supplier. Coming to your 
second part of the question that, Trp is there on the set,  or rather on the, present level, we expect 
that this would be a good sign or good indicator for the India because,  you know, till now or even in 
past India is supplying subassemblies, small components which are being final process and which are 
being final assembled and are to be fitted into the their, final SKUs. So India is always there ,  to ,  
providing the subassemblies and the components not in directly competition with the US products. 
So definitely there would be a consistency or even we expect to increase because we expect their 
production is to be ramped up or increased,  which in turn helps to India to produce more and 
export more. At the same time,  we expect that, Trp might be introducing certain, anti-dping or 
some kind of, you know,  certain restrictions for certain countries apart from India for as far as the 
US import is concerned,  which will definitely give us, some benefit to India. That is what our belief.  
 
Kush Nahar (00:31:08): Okay. So thank you.  
 
Mihir Vora (00:31:12): Yeah. Next question is from the line of Dhaval Shah. 
 
Dhaval Shah (00:31:19): Oh,  yeah. Hi. Am I audible?  
 
Mihir Vora (00:31:21): Yes.  
 
Dhaval Shah (00:31:22): Okay. Thank you. Thank you for the opportunity. ,  Sir,  couple of questions 
from my side. ,  First One,  If you could just quantify, on your comment regarding your customer, 
wanting to shift some of its, production, from US to East Europe, so I didn't understand, ,  you know,  
the reason for this, you know,  why is the customer shifting? So that's my first question. 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:31:55): See,  they are they have a multiple plans across the globe. 
So for they are majority into industrial business. Okay. But this is the business where we were 
supplying to them earlier in US was a automotive business 100%. So might be due to where they are 
located in us due to cost reduction for them. They have decided to shift few of their automotive 
business to Eastern Europe. Okay.  In Mexico and and due to that So for time being due to this 
decision,  as Hiren Bhai has told you that our bearing ring business was down. Export business. Okay 
25% or something. Okay.  So this is one of the reason due to their shift. It took 6 to 9 months and 
now maybe in another after one quarter,  are there means we are going to get that business from 
their Eastern Europe facility. 
 

Mr. Hiren Doshi (00:33:00): Already we have started getting business from one of the European 
customers. Yeah. It was stop for two quarters but now from January quarter,  they have already 
started. We got the schedule. Okay.  
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:33:15): I'm talking about purely bearing ring.  
 
Dhaval Shah (00:33:18): Yeah. Understood? Yes,  yes. Understood? ,  My second question is on the 
auto component business. So, the way we have increased share of revenue and, you you've kept on 
adding customers. So on this, on the backdrop,  backdrop of overall market not improving,  but, our 
revenues are increasing from auto component. So here, I would like to understand, you know,  it's 
definitely a market share gain for us, with the customer. ,  So that's number one. So which type of, 
so who is the competition and from, which, geography are we gaining the market share? Is it from 
the Indian, supplier or ,  overseas supplier and second is which type of auto components, are we 
gaining market share? In which category of the products are we gaining market share and where are 
we going to grow in the future? Yeah,  that's my question. 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:34:20): So in auto component we are getting more and more market share 
from Mexico USA and ,  okay ,  From ,  so majority is from Mexico and USA. So you can say 70% and 
30% from Europe even in domestic,  also in domestic also we are getting ,  there there are 
multinational companies and they are growing in India and we are getting we are getting their 
market share. 
 
Mr. Hiren Doshi (00:34:48): There are few customer. We supply only semi finished product,  but 
they have identified few suppliers who can supply them. The full finished component one suggested 
That supplier to source the semi-finished product from Rolex. So okay,  one of the opportunity we 
have.  
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:35:13): Yeah. So so those finished product manufacturers are in India also 
and they are in at overseas also  
 
Mr. Hiren Doshi (00:35:20): recently we have added two such customer one in USA and one in India 
in India in Chennai. Okay. Okay. They are the yeah they are the existing customer but they want 
complete finished product and they have suggested to source from Rolex. So okay. 
 
Dhaval Shah (00:35:42): And which type of products do we do. 
 
Mr. Hiren Doshi (00:35:44): The transmission component.  
 
Dhaval Shah (00:35:46): Transmission component. Okay and in terms of profitability, how are they 
compared to the ring. Sorry. Yeah. Compared to the, the bearings, business?  
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:35:59): Definitely. It is a higher by 15 to 20%. What we are getting in, bearing 
ring because here the transmission components,  what we are producing for the high premi cars as 
well as for the EVs having critical operations and good value additions, that is why the margins are 
quite lucrative over there.  
 
Dhaval Shah (00:36:20): Okay and these components are made, in a ring rolling or, it's made in a 
press. How is it? 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:36:29): It's a it's a combination of, not majority from the ring level,  because 
ring only parts are the quite bigger size of components,  which is not there but, we had, vertical and 

horizontal presses,  high speed hot formers,  as well as vertical places where we are producing such 
kind of components. We have, 18 kind of different forging lines, vertical as well as high speed 
horizontal.  
Okay. 
 
Dhaval Shah (00:36:56): And everything is hot forging for us?  
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:36:59): Yes,  100%. 
 
Dhaval Shah (00:37:04): Okay,  so any plans to get into warm or cold forging? 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:37:06): Not immediately. Definitely,  It is in our mind,  but it requires a 
completely, entire set of new facilities and it's a completely,  what you say,  a greenfield project kind 
of thing but first,  we would like to just,  you know, be more concentrated on the existing facility 
wherein we have certain spare capacity in terms of infrastructure as well as, equipment capabilities 
that we would like to, cater first but down the line,  3 to 4 years,  definitely we may look for, cold 
forging also,  again,  it's very much on a primary stage.  
 
Dhaval Shah (00:37:45): Primary stage. Got it.Okay. So technically,  now our margins should inch up 
from here on as we increase the share of, our auto component business. 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:37:57): Yes,  we expect that,  sir.  
 
Dhaval Shah (00:37:59): Okay. On our website,  in the industry served, we it mentions about oil and 
gas industry, and also the, high speed rail. ,  So, what is the share of those industries right now in our 
total, contribution? 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:38:17): This railways and this other industrial applications,  See,  when we say 
industrial applications,  that includes the equipments,  machines and other, allied, accessories, all 
put together, I think not more than,  12 to 14% as far as industrial and railways is concerned.  
 
Dhaval Shah (00:38:40): Industrial. Okay. So out of this, 18% for H1 25.  
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:38:45): Yes,  yes. There we can say railway ,  contribution is not more than 
4%.  
 
Dhaval Shah (00:38:52): Okay,  okay. So our focus area as a company is going to be, PVs. 
Automobile. Right. PVCV.  
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:39:00): Yes,  definitely. PVCV apart from that,  we are supplying to certain,  
you know,  off highway non, heavy vehicles or ,  heavy buses or you can say earthmoving equipment. 
One of our main customers as far as auto component business is concerned So they are also we have 
a good share and ,  as my MD just told me,  that these customers are also in expansion plan and 
particularly their domestic plant is going under expansion and down the line one year we will be 
getting good share over there also.  
 
Dhaval Shah (00:39:35): Yeah. Got it and out of a total, business how much is machining ,  machined 
and how much is non machined or everything is machined for us.  
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:39:43): No. 70 to 75% is machine one and the balance is the, forged one. 
Rough design.  

 
Dhaval Shah (00:39:51): Okay and so last question.  So you guided for mid-teens growth for FY 26,  
right?  
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:40:00): Yes,  sir. 
 
Dhaval Shah (00:40:01): And for FY 25, more or less a flat year. 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:40:13): We expect the last quarter would be much better with some growth.  
 
Dhaval Shah (00:40:00): Yeah okay. So as of now,  the whatever schedules and programs we have 
from the customer,  this is your outlook.  
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:40:20): Yeah. Yes.  
 
Dhaval Shah (00:40:21): Got it. Okay. Thank you very much. I'm done with my question. 
 
Mihir Vora (00:40:28): Next question is from the line of Jason. Sir,  you may go ahead.  
 
Jason (00:40:37): Hello? Hello?  
 
Mihir Vora (00:40:39): Yeah. Yeah. Audible. 
 
Jason (00:40:41): Okay. Thanks. Hiren Bhai and the team for taking my question. So first question is,  
I mean,  in last Q4,  we had a right of recompense and there was,  I think,  around 32 crore,  one off 
expense which was taken. Now,  I just wanted to know,  is there any update on that? 
We don't expect that to come again or is there any update on ? That was done one time and that's 
gone. Right. I mean,  or is is it expected to come again or just wanted to understand that aspect of it. 
 
Mr. Hiren Doshi (00:41:14): That was the estimated number what we had in last year. Accordingly,  
we ,  tried to provide over the books and as far as the final numbers are concerned,  our bankers are 
working on that. Probably we will be able to know by end of this quarter ,  There would be a some 
kind of additional, impact over there that is to be charged at that particular time.  
 
Jason (00:41:44): Okay. Okay,  sir. Yes,  sir what I understand is once you do that,  then probably you 
will get more leeway on all these restrictions and you can take loans and etc. from other banks as 
well. In terms of covenants,  are you free to do that?  
 
Mr. Hiren Doshi (00:41:58): Definitely. We do not have any plan to,  you know,  borrow funds or 
something But the restrictions,  what we had as of now,  because of this,  ROR compliance,  those 
will be removed and we will be very much free as far as the appropriation of our, earnings And we 
can very much decide further on.  
 
Jason (00:42:20): Okay. Sure,  sure,  sir. Sir,  just to my next question, now,  you said that there could 
be some, you know,  expense further on,  right? That's okay. Now,  I just wanted to understand. Sir,  
you did mention about this 70 to 90 crore annualized dip from 23 levels from a particular customer 
group. Now,  I just wanted to know,  sir,  what do you think is the reason for this weakness? Of 
course it has impacted us in our bearing ring segment,  which is around 50% of revenue for us. So sir,  
what do you think is the majority. I mean,  what is the main cause of this weakness and has the 
client told you that? When did when do they see an upturn in this? You know when when there'll be 
an uptick in revenues for bearing ring ? 

 
Mr. Hiren Doshi (00:43:02): That particular customer first of all, all these plants are into producing of 
non-automotive bearings and ,  majority of these, plants, say out of ,  six plants,  four plants are 
there in the Europe territory one is there in India and one is there in US. So, you know,  there is a 
some kind of cyclical or a seasonal kind of thing. ,  As far as the non-automotive bearing rings are 
concerned and, in Europe,  in US,  the moment for the industrial developments is completely 
stopped. You can say for the last couple of years,  or rather,  the, forget about the new industry,  but 
even the existing are under what you say cover for the last couple of years and that is why the, what 
you say repairs,  renovation,  reholding and infrastructure development is almost zero in these 
advanced countries where our plants are situated. That is the reason where the demands have 
significantly reduced and you better know the situation at Europe on a quarterly basis,  how the 
things are moving and what are the new hurdles and the geopolitical reasons,  which are the main 
reasons for this?  
 
Jason (00:44:26): Okay. Sure. Okay and also earlier in the call,  you had mentioned that I mean,  
Madega Sir mentioned that,  you know,  just wanted some clarity on this. He said that the shifting of 
bearing rings from the client is easier than auto components. So it just was not very clear on this. I 
mean,  auto components,  I think will require an approval. You are right that they are machined parts 
and,  you know,  critical parts probably that's the reason. So how is the shifting of bearings easier 
than,  say,  shifting auto components ?  
 
Mr. Hiren Doshi (00:44:59): See what he would he tried to explain or to say that if a existing 
customer wants to switch over the their supplier from A to B in the bearing ring segment,  there are 
a bit less process compared to the auto components. There are some less litigates or you know,  the 
trial and process timings etc. are less compared to the auto components because they insert in 
traditional bearing rings or in the other bearing rings. The critical operations are bit less compared to 
auto components and to get a new or a bearing ring customer,  we can start a the SOP maybe from 
the 6 to 8 months time,  even from the day one he stepped in but in case of auto components,  it will 
take more than 12 to 15 months from the first day when he step into the company because of the 
criticality,  because of the kind of products and the, application of particular product,  because auto 
components,  those are the stringent part of the power pack,  stringent part connected to the engine 
or to the vehicles,  whereas bearing rings,  those are very much integral part of this thing and again,  
bearing as we are producing only bearing ring but the other parts of the these things are being 
assembled,  processed by our other vendors and customers. So, for a changing of one bearing ring 
customer to another, it's not a big deal or it may not take much of the time that is what he would 
like to convey and we expect couple of customers from US ,  industrial, non ,  automotive,  industrial 
bearing ring manufacturers have already approached and very short span,  not even more than 7 to 
8 months. They have approved the, bearing rings,  and they have given the SOP in the, first quarter 
of next fiscal. 
 
Jason (00:47:02): Sure,  sir,  thanks for that so just one clarification you said the auto components 
will take 15 to 18 months once you receive the order and how much will the bearing rings take for 
SOP to be generated? 
 
Mr. Hiren Doshi (00:47:12): Again,  as I told you,  sir,  it starts from say,  8 to 12 months also because 
the if the, bearing rings,  particularly for the EV hybrid vehicles,  they may require a couple of 
months more compared to the traditional one,  but it will we can initiate in between 8 to 12 months 
max. Max. 
 
Jason (00:47:30): Sure sir. Okay. Thanks,  sir,  for this detailed explanation and so again,  one just one 
question. Just to clarify again,  one earlier participant had asked that, I was a little unclear on that. So 

there is some shifting from US customer to Eastern Europe. Now just hear me out probably I can 
explain. I mean,  what I understand is let's say a customer is in the US,  he's shifting into the Eastern 
Europe facility for basically cost saving and that facility probably is you know what you say we are in 
touch with that and we are we can get increased business from that Eastern Europe facility. Is that 
right? 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:48:06): See that is particular one program.  Which they are supplying,  which 
is a auto means like a ,  in the automotive industry,  mainly passenger vehicle. Okay the vole is high.  
So due to their profitability issue they are shifting particular that program to the,  to their facility in 
Eastern Europe because okay because they know that, their cost of production in Eastern Europe will 
be much more lower than if they are producing in USA. Okay. Definitely their customers are in US 
only,  so they will produce that bearing in Eastern Europe and the USA. 
But then also they will be getting more margins. 
 
Jason (00:48:49): Okay. So this customer,  if he sources from Eastern Europe, you will know this is a 
bearing rings,  right? Is this in relation to bearing rings and let's say so I'm just let's say example 
Schaeffler is the customer,  schaeffler is sourcing from Eastern Europe. So Eastern Europe plant 
probably falls under your program and you can source more from Eastern Europe. So that means 
increased business for you. Is that right. Understanding ? 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:49:15): Yeah. For for us it will be a it their it for us it will be a new facility.  
Facility is existing facility since last 50,  60,  70 years but for us that will be a new customer or new 
plant.  
 
Jason (00:49:30): Okay. So the more they source from Eastern Europe or Mexico,  if that falls under 
your radar,  it will be. It will mean more business from ? 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:49:37): Yes. 
 
Jason (00:49:38): For you. Okay and Sir just one question. I probably mails me basic you know,  I just 
wanted to ask,  you know. Sir,  actually,  you know,  when you look at forging. Of course,  I 
understand that your relationships with the with bearing bearing ring manufacturers are very,  very 
strong in terms of auto components or,  you know,  also your relationships are very,  very strong and 
you built this business over years but I just wanted to understand. Sir,  of course,  your forging 
capacity also is good,  but there are others also,  you know,  the others. I don't want to name the 
competitors,  but there are others who are doing forging,  who are having this machinery,  etc. are,  
you know,  this high level machinery and they have their own strengths. So,  sir,  how do you protect 
yourself from those big businesses,  probably eating up into your business,  or do you have any risk 
mitigation strategy or anything in place you know,  other forging manufacturers also have bigger 
capacities and they are also coming in ? 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:50:37): Yeah. 
 
Jason (00:50:38): You know,  so just wanted to understand from a strategy perspective how do you 
look at it from them not entering your business,  say bearing rings or auto components or whatever 
it is. 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:50:46): We See there are there are big companies in India also who are into. 
Okay forging is a very wide word forging means it is not like that,  that on each and every forger can 
forge a transmission component or wheel hubs or whatever we are producing. We cannot produce  
 

Mr. Hiren Doshi (00:51:08): like Bharat Forge Ramkrishna. 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:51:10): We cannot produce a connecting rod crankshaft. So forging is a very,  
very wider name you or it has a huge range. Okay. So they are into the big names what you have in 
your mind in India they are not at all our competitor their product is only 10% falling in our range or 
you can say our 10% product is falling in their range,  In their facility,  they cannot produce what I am 
producing in my facility I cannot produce what they are producing. So there is a huge in and then 
there is a hot forging,  warm forging,  cold forging. So forging itself is a huge…..  
 
Mr. Hiren Doshi (00:51:53): Equipment is required for producing different different type of product.  
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:51:57): We Yeah. If you want to be competitive okay,  you need a different 
different type of technology in forging itself. So everybody is having their own,  you can say strength 
in your product or range of product in their market. 
 
Jason (00:52:13): Sure Sir. So I completely… 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:52:15): We and again I can tell you that it's a huge, market in the end across 
the globe. 
 
Jason (00:52:26): Sure sir. Okay. Sure sir. I understand,  sir,  and just, one last question,  sir.  
 
Mihir Vora (00:52:31): Can we can you fall back in queue? We have few participants.  
 
Jason (00:52:35): Yes. Sure,  sure. 
 
Mihir Vora (00:52:37): So the next the last question would be from Mr. Lakshmi Narayan Sir,  you 
may go ahead with your question.  
 
Mr. Lakshmi Narayan (00:52:46): Yeah. Thank you. Sir. I just look at your bearings on domestic what 
did you do for the first half? Bearing domestic it comes to around 174 crores for the first half. What 
is the comparable figure last year Stuff ? 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:53:06): Sorry. Can you please come again? 
 
Mr. Lakshmi Narayan (00:53:08): Knowing the bearings Domestic if I just look at domestic bearings 
segment,  we did something close to,  I think,  174 crores for the first half this year what is the 
comparable number last year first half ? 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:53:25): It was 192.  
 
Mr. Lakshmi Narayan (00:53:30): Okay. Sir one question is that, you know,  if I just look at Schaeffler 
and,  you know,  NRB some of them have actually reported the numbers,  they have shown some 
growth in their, you know,  bearing segment. I mean,  apart from,  say,  several other segments. 
Now,  we have reported a decline,  in the growth in bearing segment in domestic what attribute,  
how do you attribute this decline to. 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:54:00): See first of all,  NRB as we are not ,  substantially or other,  significant 
customer for us,  but as far as Schaeffler is concerned,  their growth,  again,  it was not as at,  as per 
the estimated but the growth,  what it is there in the mainly in the industrial components or mainly 
into the bigger size of rings or some portion of the railway business,  what they had but if you see 

the commentary from them also,  as far as the automotive or the traditional bearings,  what they 
have, it has declined.  
 
Mr. Lakshmi Narayan (00:54:41): Got it. So in that segment,  if I just look at domestic,  what what is 
our market share right now approximately and how it has improved in the last 2 or 3 years. 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:54:53): Domestic bearing ring market through a forging hot forging process in 
our addressable segment or in our this range,  we probably are in the range of, 30 odd percent of 
overall market share what we had is somewhere about, prior to that was 33,  34%,  you can say 
maybe before couple of years back. 
 
Mr. Lakshmi Narayan (00:55:19): And the second player would be how large the same thing when 
you are 30,  32,  33 ? 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:55:27): Yeah,  it's difficult to tell you,  but not more than 8 to 10%. 
 
Mr. Lakshmi Narayan (00:55:33): All right,  one more question Sir. In the automotive component 
space where we are doing well in the export market,  How much is, ,  you know,  build to print for 
you? Is it that you actually and how much is something where you actually build as, as, something 
you know,  you actually give the design and so on ? 
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:55:58): No,  but see,  in our kind of business my customers are giving us 
design,  and we produce according to the, design specs given by my customer only…..  
 
Mr. Hiren Doshi (00:56:10): We don't have any R&D department. 
 
Mr. Lakshmi Narayan (00:56:13): Got it,  got it. Thank you,  Sir. 
 
Mr. Hiren Doshi (00:56:16): We simply follow their drawing.  
 
Mr. Lakshmi Narayan (00:56:19): Got it. So,  one last thing,  what is your scrap sale and export 
incentives and forex for the first half  
 
Mr. Mihir Madeka (00:56:29): For the first half scrap sales is, somewhere about, 203 million and, 
export incentives is 84 million.  
 
Mr. Lakshmi Narayan (00:56:43): Right. Thank you sir. Yeah,  Thank you. Yeah. 
 
Mihir Vora (00:56:48): So thank you all for attending the call I will now hand over the call to Hiren Sir 
for any closing remarks. Thank you. 
 
Hiren (00:56:56): So once again,  thank you very much to all the participants participation. Hope we 
have answered their queries and is there any other queries or concerns we do request,  (inaudible) 
as well as to, the participants they can approach or they can send this email to us,  we will be,  happy 
to answer that. Thank you very much. 
 
(Audio End) 
