 
 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra 
Financial Services Ltd. 
Mahindra Towers, 3rd Floor, 
Dr. G. M. Bhosale Marg,  
Worli, Mumbai 400 018 India 
 
 
Tel:     +91 22 66526000 
 
25th October 2024 
 
To, 
BSE Limited, (Scrip Code: 532720) 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,   
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., (Symbol: M&MFIN) 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, “G” Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the second quarter and half year ended 30th September 
2024, held on Tuesday 22nd October 2024 
 
Further to our letter(s) dated 11th October 2024, 16th October 2024, 18th October 2024 and 22nd October 
2024, and in compliance with Regulation 46(2)(oa) and Regulation 30 read with Schedule III, Part A, Para A 
(15)(b) and other applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), please find enclosed herewith the transcript of Earnings 
Conference Call for the second  quarter and half year ended 30th September 2024, held on Tuesday, 22nd 
October 2024, which concluded at 6:51 p.m. (IST). 
 
This intimation along with the transcript is also being uploaded on the website of the Company at: 
https://www.mahindrafinance.com/investor-relations/regulatory-filings  
   
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
Brijbala Batwal 
Company Secretary  
FCS: 5220 
Enclosure: As above 
Brijbala 
Mohanla
l Batwal
Digitally signed 
by Brijbala 
Mohanlal Batwal 
Date: 2024.10.25 
17:19:44 +05'30'

Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
“Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
Q2 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 22, 2024 
 
  
  
 
 
Management:  
 
Mr. Raul Rebello:   
 
 
Managing Director & CEO  
Mr. Vivek Karve:   
 
 
Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Sandeep Mandrekar:  
 
Chief Business Officer, Wheels  
 
Moderator: 
 
 
 
Mr. Praveen Agarwal 
 
 
 
 
Axis Capital Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Mahindra Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Please note this call is not for media 
representatives, investment bankers or commercial bankers including corporate and 
commercial forex. All such individuals are instructed to disconnect now. Ladies and 
gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Mahindra Finance Q2 FY '25 Investors 
Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Praveen Agarwal from Axis Capital. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Praveen Agarwal: 
Yes. Thank you, Del. And good evening, everyone and welcome to this Earnings Call 
of Mahindra Finance. From the management team, we have Mr. Raul Rebello, MD and 
CEO; Mr. Vivek Karve, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Sandeep Mandrekar our Chief 
Business Officer. I would like to invite Mr. Rebello for his opening remarks, post 
which we'll open the floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes. Good evening, everybody. Thank you, Praveen for hosting us. So as usual, I will 
go through the deck that we would have circulated a bit earlier. So I request you to 
keep the investor deck handy as I call out page numbers that I'm referring to for 
commentary. So let's go to Page number 4. And this Page number 4 basically is not 
specifically on Q2, but it's a reflection of what we had called out as our Mission '25 
aspirations at the FY '22 closing. And these aspirations are around key metrics. So the 
Page 4 has them handy. 
Now as we stand here at half year of FY '25 and reflecting on where we are at each of 
these Mission '25 metrics and what we see also as possible FY '25 exit numbers. On 
metric 1 asset quality where we stand today from travelling the last 2.5-odd years, we 
see we have steadily come down on the GS3 numbers which is at 3.8% which is below 
threshold levels and the credit cost numbers also have been declining. And though 
there's been seasonality that plays out in H1, we do foresee for FY '25 exit, the credit 
cost numbers in the range of 1.3% to 1.5%. 
I will in the next slide, talk about specifically Q2. So this is more where we are standing 
on H1 and where we expect its exit on FY '25 total credit cost that's in the 1.3% to 
1.5% range. Now over the last 2.5 years in pursuit of the asset quality goals, we did 

 
Mahindra Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
make some conscious calls on the incremental prime customer segments that we have 
been acquiring and that has come at a cost and at maybe in this -- at lower -- the yields 
are lower. 
And what's also worked in the last 2 years is the whole elevated interest cycle. And 
that's had a bearing on our original NIM aspirations. So, where we stand today and 
what we expect for the full year closing is in the range of 6.5% to 6.7%. 
Moving to metric number 2 which is on the book growth aspirations. From the 60,000-
odd levels that we were at the end of '22, we've seen some decent growth come through 
for the last 2.5 years. And on this metric specifically, I don't see any challenges in the 
2x AUM that we are looking at for the full year, mostly running considering the very 
strong disbursement that we've had all across FY '23 and FY '24. I know FY '25 has 
been muted, but the disbursement of the past should hold us in good stead to deliver 
the book overall numbers. 
Moving to metric number 3 on operational efficiency. The opex numbers have trended 
down and we have a page which talks about the overall progress on the operational 
muscle that we are building, and I'll give you detailed commentary on that. On metric 
4 diversification, this is currently at -- I mean it's at 6% currently and will go up 
marginally for the rest of the year but admitting that this is trended below plan. The 
plan was quite aggressive at 15% of the overall mix. And this number on reflection is 
something which has not played out exactly as per plan.  
But in full reflection, I think the MSME and leasing businesses, the building blocks 
have been put in place and we are seeing some trending numbers which are 
encouraging and the recent announcement on mortgages and the insurance agency 
license which we have taken in, have been in a sense, a good building block for us to 
build from here. Finally, all of this gets us to our ROA aspirations and where we are 
on ROA. And I know 2.5% was the aspiration.  
We have looked at various metrics that have influenced this number at H1 exit that's 
1.5%, but we do have a visibility for the full year to be clearly in 1.8 to the 2 range and 
I would still be more bullish on the 2 range for the FY '25 exit.  
Moving to Slide number 5 on specifically GS3 and here, I'll get into Q2 commentary 
right now. So the GS3 number, while this Q2 has been 50 bps lower than last and it's 
at 3.8%, but it has climbed up from -- by 20 bps from the last quarter. When we 
diagnose what's really driving this spike, I'm sure the cash flow situation everyone has 
a sense of where the cash flows are in the rural markets, specifically the self-employed 
customer segment. 

 
Mahindra Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
But for us, what's really 40% of the GS3 hike has come from the tractor segment. And 
we have seen and witnessed pain in certain states whether it is mostly the agrarian 
states where cash flows have been disrupted, MP, Maharashtra, Gujarat, AP, 
Telangana. These states have seen a slightly higher amount of pain. The cash flow is 
not just in the agri sector, but some of the LCV -- the CV customer segment has also 
seen a bit of elevated pain in Q2 which has had a bearing on our collection efficiency. 
And the intensity of our collection has had to go up. 
The credit cost and provision numbers which is on the same page, if you look at it at 
the bottom of the page, there has been an uptick in provision again flowing from the 
slightly higher tractor GS3 numbers. But I think the sliver of good news there is that 
what we have seen over the last few years, the end losses have consistently come down. 
So, the provision uptick has caused the overall credit cost hike, but at the end loss level, 
we are not really seeing that stress and that's because the flow forward from -- to write-
offs as well as the settlement losses have been consistently coming down. 
I'd request you to move to Slide number 6 where we give more color on the GS3 and 
credit cost. What you'll notice over here is that the GS3 plus GS2 is at 10.3% presently. 
And I mentioned the seasonality which has played out in H1 and also some of the 
specific cash flow disruptions, but whatever levers we as the team think we have at our 
disposal, the GS3 plus GS2 numbers are expected to come down below 10% and we 
do see the credit cost numbers, which is currently at -- I mean, for the whole half year 
at 1.9% and more specifically at 2.3% for the quarter, we do see the full year numbers 
in the 1.3% to 1.5% range. 
Again, if you -- I would like to draw your attention to the last row on the table, you 
would see that the kind of sequential drop in the end losses FY '22 from INR2,500 
crores odd to INR2,200 crores to INR1,700 crores, we see this number sliding down 
further. 
Moving to Slide number 7. I'm moving to commentary on disbursements now. You 
would have heard commentary from auto players and specifically the ones who play 
in auto tractor, CVs, etc. It's not been an overall a year which has seen too much of 
excitement. We have seen flattish growth. And from a financing standpoint, our 
outcomes were not too different. So, we have degrown quarter 2 versus quarter 2 of 
last year. H1 has seen a marginal growth of 2%. 
Now what really is working in independent asset categories, the PV segment, I would 
request your attention on Slide number 7 on the last column. PV has been flat for the 
year minus 3 for the quarter. CV has been again minus 1 for the full year H1 versus 
H1. Our used vehicle business has grown 2%, tractor has degrown 3%, 3-wheeler 1%. 

 
Mahindra Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
And the real growth, what we have seen as an outlier is the SME business, but again 
very small in the scheme of things. Overall, I would say the market -- we haven't really 
lost market share, our outcomes have been more in reflection of the underlying 
commerce that you're seeing in the wheels business. I must, at this point offer some 
commentary on what we have seen in October.  
As you know, October, the all-important month of October, we started the Navaratri 
in 2nd, and we finished Dussehra, by 12th and we have the all-important Dhanteras 
and Diwali upcoming. I would say we've seen some marginal improvement to the same 
time last year for the festive season, but too early. We are still waiting for the 
Dhanteras, Diwali numbers to come out. But specifically, if I were to look at some 
kind of slivers of good hope, it's in the tractor segment where we are seeing a slightly 
high number compared to last year in the festive season. 
And there are certain models which we are seeing some excitement. We are hoping to 
muster some of that growth in this festive season. But overall, for the rest of H2 I don't 
think we can have too much of excitement baked into the numbers. Request you to 
move to Slide number 8 on margins. There has been a -- I think you've been asking us 
questions on how incremental yields have been coming on. This is a slide that offers 
some commentary there. I would say, at a headline number the yields have gone up 
quarter-to-quarter by 30 bps, 20 bps on the loan income and 10 bps on the fee income 
and some of the fee income is coming in from the insurance corporate agency license, 
but cost of funds really not much relief here.  
As you know, on a stock level though our incremental COF is okay, but there is a debt 
equity playing out. So, we have -- we are consuming more capital. So -- and overall 
stock level of COF doesn't move so rapidly even though we might have a one quarter 
of incremental cost of funds going down. I will move to Slide number 9 which is on 
operations, and I just want to kind of draw your attention to some of the talent 
augmentation that we have done.  
As you know we have a very formidable team in the wheels business, but as we get 
more aspirational on the controls function and the new businesses, we do have to 
augment the team. Mahesh joined us as Chief Risk Officer from -- spending many 
years at HDFC and some years at Yes Bank. Jaspreet Chadha has spent a decade with 
Bajaj Finance and most of this time -- I mean, all of the time nearly in the housing side 
of it, a key member in the housing finance team, and he's joined us as our Chief 
Business Officer in mortgages. 
Bijoy has joined as our Chief Business Officer in the leasing business, payments, fixed 
deposits, and partnership. Mod Singh joined us after spending 20 years with RBI. 

 
Mahindra Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
Devendra joined in as our Chief Analytics Officer now close to a year back, but the 
other four have joined in the last few months. 
On the tech and data side, we've gone live with the new LOS and LMS from sales 
force. We have seen, especially as the augmentation of the underwriting and the risk 
team has come in, we have developed new NTC scorecards and our BRE and LOS and 
LMS for the wheels business will be going live very shortly. 
Overall, I think there's been a good amount of traction on the opex side as well as the 
GRC side and I do feel much more comfortable now that we have a very balanced 
leadership team to take care of both growths, the growth side, the risk side as well as 
making sure we grow in a profitable and sustainable manner. I'd request to move to 
Slide 10 and Slide 11 where I've given a snapshot of the quarter. So, highlight before 
I open it up for questions, is that our disbursements as I said have been flattish. Book 
has grown 20%, income grown 21%. Our overall NIMs have stayed flat at 6.5%. 
Our opex has been coming down from 2.8% to 2.6%. PPOP levels have grown 27%. 
Credit cost yes this has been a pain. We have seen our overall credit cost numbers in 
rupee value term go up, but from a credit cost percentage as a percentage, it's come 
down by 10 bps and PAT has been up 57% for the quarter and 50% for the full -- for 
the H1 to H1. So the numbers are there for all of you all to see. I think I should spend 
more time and give you time to answer questions. So Praveen, request you to open up 
the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Marukh Adajaniya from Nuvama Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Marukh Adajaniya: 
Hi, good evening. So I just wanted to focus a bit on the NPLs this quarter. You 
attributed them largely to tractors, but one other NBFC was quite upbeat about rural 
demand and tractors. So is it a state wide issue? Are you already seeing green shoots 
in tractors because they were very upbeat about rains and how that really helped their 
business? And that call was just two days ago. So I just wanted to delve a bit into that. 
And then basically, growth has been slowed -- disbursal growth has been slow because 
of slowdown in demand or it's a cautious -- conscious decision? And also is there any 
spill over of MFI stress into your segments like maybe some of the family members 
also being MFI borrowers? Any such linkage that you may have found or you would -
- you can guide us to? 
Raul Rebello: 
Thanks, Marukh. I'll take both those questions. On the tractor side, let me split it up 
into both the -- you talked about growth as well as risk. First, I'll talk about risk. So 

 
Mahindra Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
while we have seen as I said 40% of our incremental GS3 has come in from that 
segment. I would like to bring a distinction between delay and default. 
What we see here is in the states which are very agrarian dependent and I called out 
Maharashtra, Gujarat, MP, Telangana and AP where they've also had an issue of the 
late rains which we have seen, which would have caused some amount of disruption 
in the cash flows, which -- instead of watching the kind of mandi activity which has 
been much slower this year because of the late rains continuing. 
And this delay is not for us worrying as of now which will construe to a default. If 
you've seen last year also in Q2 we saw part of this play out, but in Q3 and Q4 the 
recovery was quite good. We have a half yearly tractor repayment, and we have a 
monthly for the states which are agrarian we have half yearly. So, the stress that we 
are seeing largely because that the half yearly portfolio typically gets impacted, this is 
the agrarian borrowers. 
We do not see the same amount of stress for the states which are monthly where the 
tractor is used largely for haulage plus agri. So that's the risk commentary I have on 
the tractor side, for which the delay and not default has played out. On the growth side, 
you're right and I've also mentioned that while overall -- and this is the year-to-date 
numbers, this is the RTO numbers. Tractor has seen a H1-to-H1 degrowth, but the 
commentary now is the H2, because of the first 15 days of October itself we have seen 
a very strong uptick. 
And we just hope that we'll also be able to ride some of the tailwind of that demand, 
which is coming now because overall, you're right it's been a good year in terms of 
monsoon. We just hope that these late monsoons don't disrupt the party, but overall, 
the rainfall has been good and we expect with the MSP being positive and the overall 
yields also being positive that the rural and agrarian outcomes for the next half of the 
year, we'll see tractor having a good patch and we should be able to ride that. 
Coming to your second question on overall growth and why it's been muted. I don't see 
our outcomes very different from the commerce that has happened in the 3-wheelers, 
we don't play in 2-wheeler. 2-wheeler has had a good growth. It's had close to 10% 
growth, but 3-wheeler, passenger vehicle, tractor, CV business, used vehicle, I don't 
see our growth being too divergent from the underlying commerce. In some segments, 
yes, we have been about a couple of points lower.  
We do realize that we've got to participate in segments which will not give us risk 
outcomes in the near future. On the MFI stress, we don't do MFI lending, but if you 
were talking about the customer segment, we really don't have an overlap. There could 
be a minor, minor overlap in the 3-wheeler segment where some borrowers, some 

 
Mahindra Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
ladies, let's say in household, you would have some households taking micro finance, 
but our 3-wheeler customers, these assets while microfinance customers, there's a 
opaqueness between consumption and credit and what flows into real investment, our 
loans goes specifically for the 3-wheeler and we don't really do any consumption in 
that segment. 
So, we are not seeing much stress from the microfinance customer segment which is a 
very different customer segment to the customer segment we have in our portfolio. 
Marukh Adajaniya: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Raul Rebello: 
Nischint, can you be a little louder. Can't hear you really clearly. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Yes. Just a couple of questions. First on some data keeping questions. What is the NPL 
versus gross stage 3, as you share the data every time in the call? 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes, the GS3 number is for the quarter and half year 3.8% the GS3 number, that's your 
question, right? 
Nischint Chawathe: 
No, the question is as per RBI definition... 
Vivek Karve: 
Yes, just give us a minute. GNPA as per IRAC is INR6,000 crores versus stage 3 of 
INR4,309 crores in rupee value. So that would be roughly maybe another 1.5% you 
can add roughly to the number. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Got it. We saw a strong fee income this quarter. I believe you've been talking about 
initiatives like insurance, et cetera. So just curious, is it something which is 
sustainable? Was there a certain one-off this quarter? And is it fair to kind of annualize 
this? 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes. Nischint some of the numbers are structural because we have tied up with 6 
partners, as I mentioned across life, health and motor and there is a stated aspiration to 
grow that income along with other sources of income also which are non specifically 
loan income. So, yes, you can expect to see the income coming in and being at a level 
which should grow going forward. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Sure. And on ECL coverage. I know we said that somewhere during the year, we'll 
probably -- we may probably review the coverages on each of the buckets. But this 
quarter, you seem to have sort of maintained coverage on stage 1, 2 and 3 respectively. 
So, is there any particular thought process over here or would the multiples remain 
similar for the rest of the year as well? 

 
Mahindra Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
Vivek Karve: 
So, Nischint Vivek here. You would recollect that we had guided that we will see some 
improvement in the overall LGD numbers and therefore coverage ratios in the second 
half of the current year. And we are maintaining that. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Got it. And just one qualitative question and this is really on growth. I know you 
discussed about tractors kind of seeing good demand, but what about other segments? 
What is the outlook over here for the second half and probably going into the medium 
term as well? 
Raul Rebello: 
So, on the rest of the wheels category, Nischint, I mean I would still say it's going to 
be a conservative full year while the festive period, the first half of the festive period 
from Navaratri to Dussehra was okay, then you have, of course, a second build-up that 
happens before Dhanteras. So, I don't think basis the overall what's happened in the 
first half of the year, we will have something which is really going to be spectacular to 
have a full year outcome, which will be very positive. 
There are certain green shoots, there are certain -- for example, you've seen in the 
Mahindra portfolio like a Thar which has had great numbers and we have got a good 
market share there. So, we will try to find growth opportunities within those pockets 
of opportunities that exist, but on a console basis I think after 2 years of great run in 
most of these categories we are going to see a little bit of a moderate year. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And what kind of growth are you kind of budgeting going forward in the next 2 years? 
How are you really capacitizing the business? 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes. See, I can give you a 3-year -- I mean we are looking at with the choices available 
to us and now some of the new businesses added, the SME business, and we have 
stated our plans on the mortgage side. We are looking from a 3-year horizon to be in 
the 15% to 20% CAGR. I mean that's more like a directional 3-year aspiration. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Got it. Thank you very much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal 
Finance Services. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Good evening, everyone. First things first, I mean, just kind of taking the last question 
again, you have guided for credit cost of 1.3% to 1.5%. I'm sure some of this is 
pencilling in recoveries from the tractor segment ones which have slipped in this 
quarter. And the other thing that you said is also that from the improvement in LGDs, 
you might see the release in  ECL provisions coming through. 
So, I mean the second part, the release in  ECL provisions coming through, can you 
throw some more light on that versus where we are in terms of provision coverage 

 
Mahindra Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
ratio? What could it trend at, and will it be more back ended in terms of more coming 
in 4Q or we will see it to be more gradual in 3Q and then in 4Q? 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes. So, thanks, Abhijit. I'll take part of it and hand over part to Vivek. So the reason 
why we have a certain confidence in the credit cost, which, let's say, for H1 is at 1.9% 
which we say will come down from 1.3% to 1.5%. You would have seen something 
similar last year when we ended, let's say, credit cost at 2.3% and we brought it down 
to 1.7%. I mean I'm just getting your memory back to last year.  
Why this number changes and why this number really moves is one because of real 
recovery that happens in the second half of the year where cash flows improve where 
some of the slippages as I called out as delays not default, the collections come back 
and the overall stock of GS3 usually moderates in the second half which definitely has, 
one is, it doesn't create any more incremental provision, two it kind of also make sure 
that we are able to get the credit cost back because there is no incremental flow 
forward. You're right, the second lever over there. I don't want to take away the play 
that the LGD will have.  
We are still at a high level of 59.5% and we have a 42-month average. And we do see 
that basis the prediction of the model that this number will come down. Now I don't 
want to put -- get ahead of ourselves and give you exactly that 59.5% will come down 
to what number, but we have clear visibility that there will be kind of a reduction in 
that number which is more reflective of our current LGDs and hence both of these 
working together gives us confidence of the targeted credit cost number, which is, as I 
said at exit of H1 at 1.9% coming to a 1.3% to 1.5% level. 
Vivek Karve: 
Yes, Abhijit I have nothing to add. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. Got it. And then the other two questions that I had was, again, in terms of 
margins, H1, we closed at 6.5% and the full year, we have guided for 6.5% to 6.7%. 
We are essentially talking about margins to improve from here. So we're just trying to 
understand is part of this because of the trade advances, which typically were given in 
2Q and will get converted into retail loans in Q3. 
Does it have some bearing on this or how are we thinking about margin improvement 
coming in the second half? And the second thing is you also -- I mean, if you look at 
our disbursement mix, given that large proportion 40% comes from PVs, and PVs, I 
mean, among all segments, right, I mean it seems like it's slowing down now. 
So I mean, while you've already commented on the outlook of 15% to 20% over the 
next 3 years that you're looking to grow at, including some of the newer business uses 

 
Mahindra Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
that we are incubating, on vehicle alone, how are we thinking about growth for the next 
second half and the next couple of years? 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes. So just remind me of your first question, I lost it in the -- the first 1 was regarding 
margin, okay. Yes. So margin and getting this number from 6.5% to 6.7%, Abhijit is a 
combination of what we think is we have been incrementally passing on -- the IRRs 
have been going up, and some of that will help us on the stock level. 
Then there's the fee income, which also kind of augments the NIM number to go up 
from where it is currently. I do not look at trade advance being a big influencer in that 
trade advance has a Q2 impact because we gave it and the Q2 numbers go down a bit, 
but it's not going to be something which moves the needle in a large manner. That's on 
the margin front.  
And I'll say these are all -- what's in our complete control is passing on interest rates 
doing, as you know the more tractor we do in the second half of the year gives us a lift. 
The more used we do which is now 18% of the mix that also improves the IRR and the 
fee-based income. So that's the broad influencing levers for the 10 bps to 15 bps 
increase in our overall NIM. And I mean I have not factored in any credit -- any kind 
of fund cost over here because we don't have any visibility of fund costs going down.  
Coming to your second question on overall growth. See, for the rest of the year, you're 
right, PV is not going to have a very strong outing for the year from a disbursement 
standpoint. However, in PV, there is still a decent amount of NTC customer segments 
as well as close to prime customer segment now that we have got reasonable 
confidence in our NTC scorecards and the ability to underwrite NTC customers, we do 
see scope for us to further participation there. 
It's not going to be -- the rest of the financial year is not going to be extremely bullish, 
and we are not extremely bullish. But since you also asked on a 3-year period, see, the 
vehicle businesses will have a certain growth trajectory for the next 3 years, PV, CV, 
tractor, etc. I don't think we will have very, very steeper acquisition compared to the 
rest of the pack. We will maintain, protect our market shares.  
And maybe in some segments, especially as we have been saying on the used car, used 
tractor and now we have a used CV team also. We will try to increase our overall 
participation there, but in the next 3 years you will see our growth largely mirror the 
growth of the underlying commerce in the wheels business. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. This is useful. Thank you so much and wish you and your team the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raghav Garg from Ambit Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Mahindra Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
Raghav Garg: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I have my first question on the net slippages. So it seems 
that the slippages have been quite high in this quarter about INR800 crores, INR820 
crores. What I want to understands that for full year it was about INR1,500 crores of 
slippages on a net basis. This year, first half you're already clocking close to that 
number INR1,500 crores - in Q3, Q4 because that would essentially determine that you 
are able to... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Raghav, please come a bit close to your handset, you sound a 
bit distant. 
Raghav Garg: 
Sorry. Can you hear me now? 
Moderator: 
Yes sir. You are audible.  
Raghav Garg: 
Sir, my question was on net slippages. So last year, full year your slippages were 
around INR1,500 crores, and 1H FY '25 is a similar number. What gives you the 
confidence that despite slippages being higher in this year, you will be able to deliver 
a lower credit cost? 
Raul Rebello: 
No, you're right. The slippages for the first half of the year have been higher than last 
year. And while the overall slippages in Q2 have been higher than Q1, as I mentioned, 
largely from the tractor and CV space. You can't, I think, map slippages and credit 
costs apple-to-apple because in credit cost, there are 2 variables: there is provision 
write-off and there is, of course, as we've mentioned in the provision, the LGD play.  
So while slippages can be controlled in H2, which is mostly from recoveries of what's 
happened in Q1 and Q2, more specifically Q2. There is a credit cost outcome, which 
we have visibility of chasing, which is largely driven by both the recoveries in 
whatever has slipped as well as because, as I mentioned earlier, we have a certain relief 
coming in from the coverage ratios. 
Raghav Garg: 
Okay. So you're essentially saying that even if the slippages are higher, there could 
be some bit of a reversal that you might say something similar that you did last year 
in third quarter. Is that understanding, correct? 
Raul Rebello: 
No, what are you referring to in third quarter, what we did? 
Raghav Garg: 
So there was some release of provisions, because of the reset of ECL assumption, 
which happened in third quarter FY '24. 
Raul Rebello: 
No. We didn't do any manual. This was just -- we did a model refresh, which we did 
annually. So -- there was nothing that we artificially overlaid over the ECL model in 

 
Mahindra Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
Q3 last year. I'll just invite Vivek to be more specific. But I just want to clarify, there 
was nothing that we did specifically on releasing provisions. 
Vivek Karve: 
In fact, there was hardly any provision release, only about INR80-odd crores that was 
released and that too not intentional, it was an outcome of the model refresh that we 
did. And going back to your question on what will also drive a lower credit cost in H1 
and therefore, for the full year is also the confidence that we have on the credit losses. 
So you would have seen the way our credit losses have been trending over the last 2, 
3 years and even in the H1, we expect the same performance to continue in the second 
half of the year as well. 
Raghav Garg: 
Okay. Sure. My other question is that while you're pointing out that 40% of the 
slippages or pain has come from the tractor segment. I think this was true even in last 
year, majority of our – last year was also from... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Raghav. 
Raghav Garg: 
Which is that segment where you are... 
Moderator: 
Could you come a bit close to your handset. 
Raghav Garg: 
It is better now. 
Moderator: 
Yes sir.  
Raghav Garg: 
Yes. Okay. Sir, my second question was on -- just trying to understand a little bit more 
granularity of the slippages. So this year, 40% has come from tractors. Last year, it 
was the same case a substantial part of the pain had come from tractor segment. But 
apart from that, which is -- or what are those other segments where you are seeing a 
pain because it seems that even excluding the tractor segment, the pain is higher versus 
what it was last year? 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes. So I talked about the distinction between delay and default. I think the Q2 number, 
which we saw last year in tractor and some of it is we have also addressed -- we're 
addressing it while structuring our half yearly loan repayments and making sure that 
they mimic the harvest cycle so that we don't see this -- and we see a repayment 
schedule more reflective of the harvest cycle, especially for the agrarian customer 
segment. 
Besides the 40%, let me first close the tractor, I do see that in Q3 and Q4 I don't expect 
everything to come back in the month of October. There might be October, November, 
December kind of a comeback because there is a rabi season, which plays out and the 

 
Mahindra Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
late monsoons might lead to a little bit furthering the whole recovery of whatever 
slipped in, in Q2. 
Other than the tractor segment, which we saw in Q2 specifically add to the GS3 
sequential increase, there are segments -- 70%, 80% of our customers are self-
employed non-professionals. Many of them are acquiring small commercial vehicles 
and ply these vehicles for specifically their commerce activities. We have seen some 
delays over there. And I don't think we can be insulated. You know that income levels 
for largely many parts of the self-employed and semi-urban customer segments have 
seen some disruptions in this year. 
I'm sure you'd have heard commentary about overall leverage levels also being slightly 
high and income flows being a little muted. So there is going to be stated effort in a 
year like this to spend more to recover more and more kind of collection intensity to 
ensure that the collection numbers are up. But I don't want to shy away from the fact 
that this is not a year equivalent to maybe last year or the year before last, where 
underlying constraints or underlying kind of cash flows are as rosy as they were in the 
past. 
So we have to make more efforts in collections. And the good thing is that all our loans 
are secured. So we don't see the reason why the customers who we have onboarded 
will not pay. They might pay with a little bit of a delay, but we don't see this as a 
weakness overall. 
Raghav Garg: 
Okay. Thanks. That was all from my side. Thanks.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citi Group. Please 
go ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
Thanks for taking the question. So firstly on the margin side. So if we look at it on the 
margins, you indicated that there have been some increase in the lending rate, but so -
- but when we look at it last time you indicated that maybe there is some shift which 
is happening with respect to the prime customers and that almost seems to have been 
done and that negative impact would be lower. So are we equally confident that maybe 
that might not have the impact on the margins? 
Raul Rebello: 
So, Kunal, thanks for your question. If you refer to Slide number 8, you would see that 
the loan income actually from last year to this year, has gone up by 20 bps. I did provide 
commentary that we have reached our targeted acquisition mix of Primex customers, 
we had a mix aspiration of 15% to 20% of our incremental sourcing to be from that 
super-prime or above-prime segment. 

 
Mahindra Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
We have reached those thresholds. Do we kind of completely put a full-stop for that 
customer segment? No, we continue to acquire customers in that band of 15% to 20% 
and some of the product launches, which we are doing in partnership with OEMs helps 
us get some volumes. 
In a year like this, it's always balancing between growth and margins. And we are 
aware of the fact that chasing a customer segment, which will give us -- let's say, which 
will give us a negative overall NIM is something that we take stock of for every 
business unit and every business unit has a stated incremental mix, which comes in. So 
you're right that this number has been, to a large extent, we have hit the ceiling on that. 
Kunal Shah: 
Sure. And secondly, what you have been indicating in terms of bringing about the 
consistency and to lower the quarterly volatility as such. But again, in Q2, we have not 
really seen that with respect to maybe the additions to the slippage as well as the overall 
credit cost. So that consistency somehow with the change in the customer mix is also 
to an extent not visible. 
So how should we go -- no doubt you indicated it is largely because of tractors, but 
how should we -- because that volatility continues to be towards the second half. And 
secondly, related to that, so is it like we have not reviewed the ECL model this time 
and hence, there is no change in the coverage ratios, or the only thing is maybe the 
kind of customers or the sourcing quality which you indicated last time that seems to 
have deteriorated and that's the reason it's like almost stable this quarter? 
Vivek Karve: 
No, Kunal, Vivek here. We review our ECL model every quarter. So the PD and LGD 
refresh happens every quarter. So it's not that we haven't reviewed. What we have also 
indicated is that because it's a quarterly refresh, a new data comes in for the latest 
quarter and old data from the farthest quarter goes away. 
We are expecting these coverage ratios to decline in the second half, which is reflective 
of the fact that the base which contained COVID-affected period will go away, but it's 
not that we have not reviewed, and we have not refreshed our ECL models. We have 
done it and we have been doing it consistently. 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes. On the volatility part, Kunal, while -- you're right, Q2 for the last 2 years has seen 
an uptick and we've mentioned the reasons for that. It is a stated aspiration that we 
would like to level down the kind of inter quarter movements. In a business where you 
have a decent amount of mix on certain asset categories which are subject to inherent 
volatility like the tractor segment. We are constantly looking at ways and means to 
kind of iron out that volatility which would be one on customer segment, two on the 
kind of the way in which loan EMIs are structured in terms of, as I said, reflecting that 
the EMIs coincide with the harvest period. 

 
Mahindra Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
But we already have a large book, and that book, you can't restructure a book, etc. So 
within a book which is quite large and an incremental book, there will be choices of 
playing that out. And in the medium to long term, it is our stated aspiration, we do not 
like this kind of inter-quarter volatility ourselves. But we do recognize the fact that 
some of the underlying asset categories, if we don't have a much more holistic approach 
towards the way in which we also decide the customer segment, how do you overall 
build resilience by making sure that the cash flows are, as I said, mirrored into the 
repayment cycles, etc. 
So yes, it's a journey we are on. I think if you go back -- wind back the clock, 2 years, 
this inter-quarter volatility would have been much higher. It is -- it still exists, and it 
is, as I said, our stated aspiration to iron it down further. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. Thank you. All the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global. 
Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Good evening. A couple of questions. The first one, if I see your geographical breakout 
or the Kolkata region it seems is kind of slowing down in terms of AUM and 
disbursements. So is it just the impact of whatever happened in Mizoram and that 
leading to -- or are you seeing some challenges into kind of a wider geography 
including West Bengal? So that's in the first. 
And second, I mean, you had I guess a month-or-so earlier filed  around your co-
lending arrangement with SBI. So if you can just throw some color on that, the co-
lending arrangement, the idea any sort of medium-term target there? And what do you 
expect to achieve from that? 
Raul Rebello: 
I'll take the East question first. You're right, we have reduced our disbursement 
acquisition by almost 200 bps. And it's a combination of both reasons, as you 
mentioned. One is we did have a complete review of the way in which some of the 
Northeast playbook of acquisitions and Northeast is not an easy terrain. So this 
incident, which happened last fiscal last quarter did nudge us to look at very inherent 
practices as well as some of the risk mitigation requirements for that location, which 
has had a bearing in the overall incremental acquisition. 
At the same time, when we also look at the underlying disbursements that are 
happening in some of those markets, I would say that there has been some weaknesses 
in some markets. So, it's a combination of both factors. One, us consciously relooking 
at the aggressive levels of participation that we had in the past with what happened as 

 
Mahindra Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
a onetime incident and also some states have seen some amount of drop in overall 
throughput. 
Your second question on SBI, the thought process there, and I think Abhijit Tibrewal 
mentioned that PV is a big source of our segment. CV is also a big source of our 
incremental volumes. As the segments become incrementally more competitive from 
a rate standpoint, with some of the large banks who we don't see being a very active 
partner or active player in the acquisition, but still have a lot of cost of funds advantage 
like an SBI. 
There could be segments in the PV segment or the CV fleet segment, where we do 
believe that instead of losing -- as I said earlier also, we have hit the ceiling on our 
prime customer segments, and hence, we may not be able to offer our balance sheet as 
a, put our balance sheet on the table for incremental volumes, but we can clearly put 
our distribution on the table for incremental volumes. 
And hence, for this prime customer segment, either in the PV or the CV side fleet 
customer segment, the thinking behind the SBI and of course, not just SBI, we have 
with Bank of Baroda, and we have with some other banks, too. That's the logic of the 
partnerships and the co-lending arrangements. 
Avinash Singh: 
Any sort of target there say over the next 1, 2 years not in quarters? 
Raul Rebello: 
See, I mean I'll be consistent with what we have said to everybody that when we get 
into a partnership, we don't get into too many partnerships. We get into some 
meaningful ones. And the aspirations there is over a medium term to at least for our 
kind of size and scale to be doing close to at least INR25 crores to INR40 crores 
monthly throughput with any partner, I mean that's the aspiration when we sign our 
partnerships. 
Avinash Singh: 
Okay. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ajit Kumar from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. 
Ajit Kumar: 
Thanks for taking my question and good evening, everyone. I had two questions. First 
what is the reason of sudden steep decline in capital adequacy ratio. It is down 180 bps 
Q-on-Q. And any plans of capital raise when CAR looks to be very close to minimum 
regulatory requirement? So that is first question.  
And second one, on growth again, while you have already given qualitative feedback, 
what would be your disbursement and loan growth target now for FY '25, especially? 

 
Mahindra Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
You had earlier guided for low-teen disbursement growth in FY '25, which now looks 
difficult to achieve. So yes, I mean these two questions from my side. 
Raul Rebello: 
I'll take the disbursement one first and I hand over to Vivek for the other one. So see, 
the disbursement for the year has been 2%. And clearly as pointed out in the chart 
which shows the segment-wise disbursement besides SME which has grown at 50-
plus, the rest have been low. 
And we -- if I just look at a simple extrapolation of the numbers, if we continue at the 
same rate of growth that we had for H1, the book growth for the year would be at 18% 
because -- and that's not happening because of any recent disbursement, but because 
of the strong disbursement over the last 2 years. I'm not saying that we will grow at the 
same rate as H1, but if we see some very strong number improvement or some late 
catch up, it could go up another 100, 200, 300 basis points, not more than that for the 
full year.  
So, there is a disbursement number, which is going to be flattish or muted for the year, 
but the book number will still gain from the past disbursements, and I've given you my 
aspirations for the 3-year CAGR. So, by that time, we should have some other levers 
at our disposal with the new businesses to achieve that kind of a CAGR. Vivek, over 
to you. 
Vivek Karve: 
Yes. So, on your first question on the capital adequacy ratio. In the second quarter, 
there has been a dividend payout to the shareholders, which is one of the reasons why 
our net owned funds have come down. The other reason is if you look at the sequential 
growth in the asset base, it has increased by about 5.7%. And that also increases the 
financial leverage, which brings the CRAR down. 
However, our Tier 1 capital continues to be near the 15% mark against the regulatory 
floor which is 9%. So, we are very comfortable out there. So at least in the current 
financial year, I don't see a reason for raising any fresh equity. 
Ajit Kumar: 
Sure. Thank you everyone. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gao Zhixuan from Schonfeld. Please 
go ahead. 
Gao Zhixuan: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Just following up on the growth side if we still expect 
flattish to maybe single-digit growth for this year. What's your best guess when we 
will start to see revival of growth towards the, let's say, double-digit or even mid-teens 
level because if we sustain at single-digit level, the book growth by sometimes first 
half next year could come down quite rapidly. So I just wanted to understand, do you 
have any visibility on the growth revival? 

 
Mahindra Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes. So, see the H2 and I've mentioned this H2 growth for the wheels businesses are 
going to be -- I mean, not too bullish on a very strong recovery, just basis what's 
happening in the underlying demand side. We have seen demand side squeeze 
happening across different segments. So what we can anticipate is there could be some 
amount of traction in this festive period and in specific segments, which might see 
some recovery in tractors. 
So, the whole year disbursements still would be -- would not be very aggressive and 
I've mentioned it, we are currently at two, we can possibly maximum if we buy more 
market share, grow up by another -- end the year, maximum about 200 bps more. When 
you look at the next year and the next 2, 3 years, by that time, we might have some 
more levers available to us. 
I'm giving you not an FY '26 guidance or a '27 guidance, but a 3-year guidance, not 
guidance, but an aspiration is to clearly have disbursement CAGR in the corridor of 
mid-teens. And that would only be possible if we get some of our new businesses to 
also start firing and protect market share in the wheel’s businesses. 
Gao Zhixuan: 
Got it, sir. And next one is a bit of a medium-term question on the credit cost. I 
understand that in the interim, we have coverage reversals as reason  of a good 
improvement on the loss ratio. But at some point, of time, the coverage ratio will 
normalize and the credit cost going forward should trend more similar to our net 
slippages, which obviously this year doesn't seem to be coming down versus last year, 
so how should we think about the medium-term credit costs? 
And, do we expect the medium-term slippages to be much lower? And is there a better 
industry cycle or we have material plans or structural improvement on our end? 
Raul Rebello: 
See, the overall credit cost, which is -- since you're looking at a more medium-term 
outlook, we are -- we have come down significantly from our peak level. So being at 
the 3.4%, 3.8% we were at the end of last fiscal at 3.4%, we are now 3.8%. So there is 
a certain amount of base which we have come to which is largely that looking at now 
making sure that the incremental flow forwards from the stage 2, stage 3 doesn't 
happen. And what was recently flown into stage 3 they recover as much from there. 
So credit cost is a summation of provisions that would hit you if your stock levels of 
GS3 and GS2 goes up. And that's what I mentioned, in this environment, we are placing 
a lot of focus on our collection teams, equipping them more, using much more analytics 
to use which tool kits for which customers to just make sure that the incremental flow 
forwards don't happen so that the stock doesn't increase and invite more provisions. 

 
Mahindra Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
When it comes to end losses, I've already given you a picture about, and end losses is 
basically a summation of what moves from the existing GS3 portfolio to write-off, 
which we do at 36 months. That number, we have reasonable confidence of it being 
trending down because the stock of flow forward itself is reducing. 
And we are managing to have settlement losses when we -- since we are repossessing 
vehicles quicker and disposing them off quicker, the losses we incur from disposals 
are going down. So let's say we were incurring INR100 on a sale of an asset, now we're 
incurring INR100 loss, now we're incurring INR90. 
So that reduction on both the side should see credit cost, for us if we are able to keep 
the incremental flow forward, at levels which are in that, as I said, for a business model 
like us, we should be able to keep credit costs in the 1.2% to 1.5% corridor, right, even 
in a cycle which is looking a little challenging. 
Gao Zhixuan: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neeraj Toshniwal from UBS 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
So I wanted to understand how much yields we've already passed on and how much 
space we have in this year and particularlyQ2… 
Raul Rebello: 
Neeraj, your voice was a bit unclear. Could you just repeat that, please? 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Is it better now? 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
So, my question is how much yields increase you've already passed on and there's 
further scope to pass on the yields passing on to customers? 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes. So, we -- just to be fair to all the disclosures we have done so far, we don't give 
an asset-to-asset category. But all I could say is that in the last two -- I mean, in Q1 
and Q2, there's been a steady increase passed on specifically in the PV segment. We 
have -- we are already, as you know, in certain segments like tractor, etc us versus 
banks versus other NBFCs, we have already been at a high level. So those segments 
were -- to be competitive, we have not increased. But in the PV segment, we do -- we 
have passed on. 
One could say that some of the mix change also because our incremental sourcing in 
used has gone up. So, at an overall incremental yield, we have seen some benefits from 
that segment shift. And as our cost of funds are not going down, it makes sense for us 
to as and when we can pass on to pass on with the same amount of levels that we are 

 
Mahindra Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
seeing in our cost of funds. So I could say, in Q1 and Q2, there's been a steady increase 
in incremental IRRs being passed on. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Can you quantify how much has the increase it has been? 
Raul Rebello: 
Vivek, just to be sure, do we publish this data? 
Vivek Karve: 
No, we don't. 
Raul Rebello: 
But we can look at -- your input is taken; we can look at making this a disclosure for 
next time onwards. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
And on cost to income, this quarter, obviously income is higher, so there will be... 
Vivek Karve: 
Neeraj, I'm sorry, but while we can hear you, your voice is very muffled. So can you 
come closer. 
Raul Rebello: 
Or just speak slower, maybe we'll be able to catch you. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
So, cost to income, so overall -- as overall revenue has decreased due to income pool 
cost to income ratio for future, what is our guidance? 
Vivek Karve: 
Are you talking about cost-to-income ratios? 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Yes. 
Vivek Karve: 
Okay. Cost to income has -- it's come down to, if I recollect, closer to 40%, you could 
recollect this number was what page number. 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes, I remember seeing it is about 40%, at the peak it was closer to 43% cost to income. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Just wanted to understand, can you sustain or is there further improvement room 
available from here? 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes. See, it is our -- we would like to increase the numerator more than the denominator 
-- sorry, the denominator more than the numerator. So, the kind of activities on the 
numerator side would be as we build out the mortgage business and some of the new 
businesses, they will invite cost, but we are just hoping that more of the revenue, and 
we have kind of seeded some new activities on fee-based income, etc which should 
keep this number in this range. I mean, ideally for a business like us being lower than 
40% would be better, somewhere between 38% to 40%. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Thank you so much. 

 
Mahindra Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Sharma from HSBC. Please 
go ahead. 
Gaurav Sharma: 
Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes sir. You are. 
Gaurav Sharma: 
Yes. Thank you for giving me an opportunity. Just one question on your rural housing 
book. Sir, the GNPAs has been higher since long, although it has decreased on a Y-o-
Y basis, but it increased on sequentially. So, what are the action plans you are taking 
to improve the credit quality in those segments? 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes, so the rural housing finance, if you look at the overall picture, while they have 
had a challenge, they have seen the GS3 numbers come down, I think now to close to 
9. Same time last year was 12%. And it's been, I would say, from last Q1, it's been 
almost flattish to come down a bit. And let's also understand that the denominator is 
really not increasing a lot. We are focusing more on collections.  
Another number that we are rationalizing the organization also, if you see from last 
quarter, same time from close to 10,000 employees about 3,500 employees have also 
reduced. So, we are rationalizing the organization by  making sure most of the staff in 
the collection functions are since we have also exited most of the low-ticket housing 
loans. The overall theme at the subsidiary is to ensure that we are able to get the asset 
quality under control. There is no growth compulsion at the moment. 
And when we look at the asset quality also, it is going to be largely from recoveries 
and settlements that we do, not by getting the GS3 percentage down by increasing the 
denominator or increasing the book. So, this is a patch of time wherein the management 
team is focused on getting the ship in order.  
As I mentioned, we've got Jaspreet who's come in to head mortgages at Mahindra 
Finance, but we have currently seconded him to the rural housing finance company to 
also provide leadership guidance and leadership bench strength to get this organization 
at least in the next 2 quarters, the aspiration to get the GS3 numbers closer to the 5.5%, 
6% levels. 
Gaurav Sharma: 
Understood sir. Thank you so much sir. That was my only question. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. We have reached the end 
of our Q&A session. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management 
for closing comments. 

 
Mahindra Finance Limited 
 
 
October 22, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
Raul Rebello: 
Thank you, Praveen, Axis team. So, it's -- and thank you everyone for joining us on 
this call. As we have mentioned, it's been a quarter which has had its challenges. We 
are cognizant of the external environment and for us in an environment where we've 
got to make sure that the asset quality is top priority. We are spending a lot of attention 
in the collection outfit in making sure like the similar collection warroom, which we 
brought into action post COVID. 
That office is pretty much set up to make sure that we have all our initiatives running 
well for making sure that in this scenario, we are top of mind in ensuring that customers 
prioritize us for collections. At the same time, when there are growth constraints 
overall as the macros for the wheels business don't look extremely positive. We are 
making sure that we find our areas of growth within the -- we have our green shoots 
and we're able to identify and exploit them. So, it's a fine balance is always between 
growth margins and risk and the organization is prioritizing that. 
We want to wish all of you all. We know we are in the -- right in the middle of the 
festive season. So, the upcoming Diwali is a very important period for us to get even 
some of the business volumes and wishing all of you and your families a very happy 
Diwali and a happy festive season going ahead. Thank you again, Praveen and team. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. Thanks 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
