 
Ref:  KRBL/SE/2024-25/77                                                                           February 14, 2025 
  
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 530813 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, C-1, Block-G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
 
 
Symbol: KRBL 
 
Series: Eq. 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on Friday, February 07, 2025 on 
Unaudited Financial Results of KRBL Limited for the Third Quarter (Q3) and Nine 
Months ended December 31, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Para A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the 
Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call of KRBL Limited held on Friday, February 07, 2025 
at 12:00 Noon onwards on the Unaudited Financial Results for the Third Quarter (Q3) and Nine 
Months ended December 31, 2024. 
 
The same is also available on the Website of the Company at https://krblrice.com/investor-
relations/financial-information/  
 
This is for your kind information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For KRBL Limited  
 
 
 
 
Piyush Asija 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No.: A21328 
 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PIYUSH 
ASIJA
Digitally signed by PIYUSH ASIJA 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=1609, 
pseudonym=cba524911dd24aecb70
eef673393cc52, 
2.5.4.20=a871a1782c200bdec965ce0
a6967cdf497a21bc970f775763232bb
7fdc6c45dd, postalCode=110009, 
st=Delhi, 
serialNumber=dac3d0c36ff894b4b3
e62aa5a15080ef0cd04b53fc5391912
c6aa23e2daa987f, cn=PIYUSH ASIJA 
Date: 2025.02.14 12:39:17 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“KRBL Limited 
Q3 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANIL KUMAR MITTAL – CHAIRPERSON AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – KRBL LIMITED 
                                    MR. ANOOP KUMAR GUPTA – JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – KRBL LIMITED 
 
MR. AYUSH GUPTA – HEAD OF DOMESTIC DIVISION –
KRBL LIMITED 
                                    MR. ASHISH JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – KRBL 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

KRBL Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to KRBL Limited Q3 FY'25 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0”on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish Jain, Chief Financial Officer, KRBL Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Jain. 
Ashish Jain: 
Good afternoon, all participants. Welcome to the earnings call of KRBL Limited. We have 
4speakers today. First, Mr. Anil Kumar Mittal, our Chairman and Managing Director, will give 
you an update on the industry trend, our strategy and the export segment. After that, Mr. Ayush 
Gupta, our Business Head for the Domestic Business, will give you an update on the domestic 
business and I will present a update on the financials of the company. We also have Mr. Anoop 
Kumar Gupta, Joint Managing Director, on the call with us. 
                                                Please note that some of the statements made during the call may contain forward-looking 
information, and actual results may differ from these statements. For more details, you can refer 
to KRBL's investor presentation, which is available on the stock exchange websites and our 
company's website. 
 
I would now hand over to our Chairman, Mr. Anil Kumar Mittal, for his comments. 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Wish you all a belated happy and prosperous New Year. Thank you 
for joining us today for KRBL's Limited Q3 FY2025 Investors Call.  I'm pleased to provide an 
update on our recent performance and share insights into our future outlook. 
 
To begin, let's review the global rice market landscape. The USDA's latest forecast for the '2024-
'25 marketing year projects global rice production at 534 million metric tons, a considerable 
increase from522 million metric tons in the preceding year. 
                                                Subsequently, global rice consumption is also expected to rise to 530 million metric tons in 
'2024-'25 compared to 522 million metric tons in '2023-'24. This year, again, global rice 
production will exceed consumption, reversing the deficit observed in '2021-'22 and '2022-'23. 
This is a positive sign for global supply stability and trade. 
 
Turning to India's rice outlook. Rice production is estimated to reach a record 145 million metric 
tons in '2024-'25, up from 138 million metric tons last year. Basmati rice production has also hit 
an all-time high, exceeding 16 million tons of paddy harvested across the GI region and all 
varieties. This is a 10% increase over last year's production data on the back of expansion in 
cultivated area, strong yields and introduction of new seeds and varieties. These varieties have 
shown higher resistance to pest and diseases, improving productivity and reducing dependence 
on chemical pesticides. The crop size of these new varieties is still small, but they are expected 
to be significant in the coming years as adoption by farmer increase year-over-year. 
 
 

KRBL Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
                                                This season, basmati paddy prices have seen a 20% decline compared to last year. Driven by 
strong production and a stable supply-demand balance, KRBL has procured paddy as per our 
requirement for the year and still continuing to procure since we were slow due to the quantum 
jump in production as compared to last year. 
 
The company has been proactively purchasing paddy at competitive prices to maintain quality 
and ensure cost efficiency. We expect paddy arrival to continue until the end of February, 
ensuring a steady supply for processing and exports. 
 
Now focusing on India's exports. India continues to maintain its position as the world's largest 
rice exporter in 2025, with export projected between 20 million to 21 million tons, including 
basmati rice. This growth is supported by a robust harvest, ample stocks and government's open 
policy stand for all non-basmati rice exports except for 100% broken rice, which remains 
restricted. 
 
Basmati rice export for the first 8 months of FY '2025 stood at 3.6 million metric tons, making 
a 22% decrease from 3 million metric tons in the same period last year. This growth is notable 
as it comes on the back of a record basmati exports of 5.2 million metric tons in FY '2024. 
However, basmati export realizations have declined by 7%, reflecting price pressure in the 
international market. 
 
In September 2024, the Government of India removed the minimum export price of $950 per 
metric ton for basmati rice exports. This move has boosted export volumes as Indian basmati 
rice is now more competitively priced in global markets. However, India lost some market share 
to Pakistan during the period of export curbs. We are confident that lost market share will be 
recovered through strong brand positioning and competitive pricing. 
 
Basmati rice prices in export market have remained stable to slightly lower, making Indian rice 
highly competitive. As per APEDA data, demand for the Middle East, European and the U.S. 
remains strong and we expect steady volume growth in exports in the coming months. 
 
But in terms of realizations, we have seen a continuous pressure on price realization since 
February 2023. From the peak of  INR 93,000 per metric ton in February 2023, the average price 
realization has come down to INR 79,500 per metric ton in November 2024, which is nearly a 
15% decline over a period of 18 to 20 months. This pricing pressure is mainly due to increased 
supply outlook, trade policy and geopolitical factors. 
 
Now moving to KRBL's performance. I'm happy to share that the company recorded the highest 
ever quarterly revenue. In export segment, KRBL's export revenue in Q3 FY 2025 stood at INR 
567 crores compared to INR 275 crores in Q3 FY '2024, reflecting 104% growth year-over-year. 
 
The company's total revenue for Q3 FY2025 was INR1,682 crores, primarily driven by the 
strong export performance. We expect that company is going to improve the export performance 
further in Q4. The company reported an EBITDA of INR 203 crores and a PAT of INR 133 
crores. 

KRBL Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
I know that our investors are more interested to know about Saudi. In particular, we have started 
exporting to Saudi and we hope to reach a good level of business in coming quarters, including 
Q4. 
 
Looking ahead to 2025, we remain confident in our ability to accelerate growth in our export 
business while sustaining our positive momentum in the domestic market. If anybody has any 
further questions, I would be happy to answer them during the Q&A session. 
 
I hereby now pass on to Ayush for the domestic update. Thank you, everybody. 
Ayush Gupta: 
Thank you, and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. It is an honor to address you today and 
share the key highlights of the third quarter of fiscal year 2024,-25 for our India business. At the 
outset, I want to reaffirm KRBL's unwavering commitment to its long-term growth strategy in 
the India market. This quarter marked the launch of several strategic initiatives that align with 
our vision of transforming KRBL into a multi-brand multi-category FMCG player. 
 
For the first 9 months of FY '2024-'25, our revenue in the India market stands at INR 3,009 
crores, reflecting a 3% value growth compared to the same period last year. However, orders 
posted a challenging market environment, resulting in a 4% decline in revenue to INR 1,100 
crores. The decline in revenue is primarily driven by 2 factors. First, regional rice portfolio 
optimization. The regional rice segment saw a decline in value this quarter. Over the past 2 years, 
KRBL has tested the market with multiple regional rice varieties. 
 
After a thorough evaluation of market potential, value addition capabilities, competitive 
intensity and gross margin viability, we have strategically consolidated our portfolio to focus on 
select high-potential varieties. While we continue our growth journey in these chosen varieties, 
we remain committed to exploring and scaling new varieties selectively.  
 
Our goal remains to achieve 1 lakh metric ton in regional sales within the next 3 years, while 
ensuring this segment delivers equal or better gross margin compared to our basmati business. 
Moving on to the second factor, branded basmati performance. Our branded basmati segment 
demonstrated resilience in a dynamic market environment. While we saw a modest 6% decline, 
this was largely driven by a temporary softness in bulk pack realizations. 
 
Importantly, our consumer pack realization continued to rise, reflecting sustained consumer trust 
in our premium offerings. The broader commodity market has faced significant headwinds with 
basmati rice prices seeing a 15% to 20% correction over the past crop year from November '2023 
to October '2024. This trend has extended into the post-harvest period with prices adjusting by 
another 7% between November '2024 to January’ 2025. 
 
Despite these industry-wide pressures, KRBL has outperformed the market with our branded 
basmati realization holding strong. This reinforces our strategic pricing approach, brand equity 
and strength of our consumer loyalty. 
 
While internal KPIs reflect stability, KRBL has outperformed expectations in terms of market 
share growth across all key channels. In general trade, we have gained 360 basis points to reach 
a 38.2% market share. 

KRBL Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
In modern trade, our market share grew by 140 basis points to reach 42.3% levels. And in e-
commerce, we gained a dominant 470 basis points to achieve 42.8%. Additionally, our 
household penetration in India has increased by 400 basis points compared to the same quarter 
last year, further cementing our leadership in the market. 
 
Progressing on our 4-pillar growth strategy. The first pillar, democratizing our distribution 
network. Our retail reach has now expanded to an all-time high of 4.15 lakh outlets, reflecting a 
net increase of 40,000 stores over last year. 
 
Our distribution expansion, coupled with the 15% increase in direct reach has resulted in a 570 
basis points improvement in weighted distribution, a key driver behind our strong market share 
gains. In e-commerce, our focus on enhancing share of voice, driving meaningful brand presence 
and forging deeper partnerships with platforms continues to yield results. We have gained 280 
basis points in market share even on a sequential quarter-on-quarter basis. 
 
The second pillar, remodeling of supply chain. Our supply chain transformation is progressing 
well as we move closer to key markets to enhance service levels and sales velocity. We are also 
investing in a technology-enabled ecosystem, paving the way for improved service quality and 
cost efficiencies. 
 
Our third growth pillar is investing in the brand. This quarter marked a historic milestone for 
India Gate as we unveiled its new packaging, the first revamp in nearly 2 decades. This 
transformation developed over 2 years in collaboration with Landor is not just a design change, 
but a game changer in how consumers interact with the category. 
 
The new packaging simplifies the buying experience and redefines basmati rice category codes 
in India. However, this is not just a onetime event, but the beginning of an exciting new journey 
for India Gate. 
 
In our relentless drive to accelerate the shift from loose to packaged rice, we have onboarded the 
legendary Mr. Amitabh Bachchan as our brand ambassador. His values deeply resonate with 
India Gate's legacy and trust and we believe his association will play a pivotal role in 
strengthening consumer loyalty and driving category conversation. 
 
Finally, our fourth pillar, foraying into new products and categories. Our ready-to-cook Biryani 
Masala launch has been met with overwhelming consumer appreciation. Following its success 
in modern trade and e-commerce platforms, we are expanding distribution in general trade while 
developing new innovations within the spices category. 
 
A landmark development this quarter has been the launch of our new health-focused brand, 
Uplife. Uplife embodies the philosophy of Live Life Unbound and serves as our entry into the 
rapidly growing health and wellness space. 
 
Our first foray is into the healthy edible oils category launched in 2 variants: Uplife Lite for 
weight management and Uplife Gut Pro for gut health. These products have a shared brand 
architecture with India Gate, reinforcing their credibility in the market. 

KRBL Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 
Healthy edible oil market size is around INR 1,800 crores per annum and is growing at more 
than 20% year-over-year. We are targeting INR 300 crores revenue milestone in this segment, 
while simultaneously working on expanding Uplife into a comprehensive health and wellness 
platform over the next 3 to 5 years. 
 
While this quarter post challenges, our performance underscores KRBL's resilience, adaptability 
and unwavering focus on long-term value creation. The steps we are taking today, optimizing 
our portfolio, strengthening distribution, investing in our brand, transforming our supply chain 
and expanding into new categories will serve as the foundation for sustainable growth in years 
to come. 
 
As we look ahead, our focus remains on deepening our consumer connections, driving 
innovation and setting new benchmarks in the industry. I'm confident that with our strategic 
clarity, execution excellence and strong leadership, KRBL will emerge as the future leader of 
packaged food in India. 
 
Thank you. I'll now hand over to Ashish for comments on the financial segment. 
Ashish Jain: 
Thank you, Ayush. I will now take you through the performance for the quarter and 9 months 
ended 31st December 2024. All figures mentioned by me would refer to consolidated financials 
of KRBL Limited.  First, we are pleased to report our highest ever quarterly revenue from 
operations, a testament to our brand strength and market leadership. 
 
Coming to the quarter's numbers, total income for the quarter stood at INR 1,690 crores, higher 
by 15% over the corresponding quarter last year. Export revenue grew by 104% on account of 
growth in branded and private label business, while domestic revenue declined by 4% against 
the corresponding quarter due to the factors mentioned by Ayush. 
 
Despite the short-term headwinds highlighted by Anil ji and Ayush, our strong operational 
efficiency and disciplined cost management have enabled us to maintain stable margins. Our 
gross margin for the quarter stood at 24% compared to 24.8% in Q3 FY 2024, with the decline 
primarily attributed to lower other income. 
 
Excluding other income, our core gross margin actually improved, rising to 23.6% from 23.3% 
in Q3 FY '2024. This demonstrates our ability to sustain profitability despite external pressures. 
EBITDA margin for the quarter was 12% versus 14.1% in the same period last year, impacted 
primarily by the gross margin trend and a higher proportion of freight on sales, which had a 2% 
EBITDA margin impact. 
 
Freight on sale was higher on account of higher export volume, higher freight rates and higher 
share of CIF sale on the domestic side. That said, we continue to optimize cost structures and 
enhance operational efficiencies to strengthen margins moving forward. 
 
Finance cost for the quarter was lower at INR 1.2 crores as against INR 7.5 crores due to lower 
borrowings. PAT for the quarter was at INR 133 crores or 7.8% as against INR 134 crores or 
9.1% in the corresponding quarter. 

KRBL Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
 
Let me now share a comparative analysis of Q3 versus Q2. We delivered a strong sequential 
performance with revenue from operations rising 32% quarter-on-quarter, driven by 12% 
increase in domestic sales and 125% increase in export sales. The growth in domestic revenue 
was fueled by higher branded rice volumes, while exports saw a robust expansion in both 
branded and private label categories. 
 
Importantly, when excluding other income, our core gross and EBITDA margins improved by 
around 200 basis points quarter-on-quarter, highlighting our disciplined approach even amidst 
market fluctuations. 
 
Turning to 9-month FY '2025 performance. We delivered a steady growth trajectory with total 
income reaching INR 4,218 crores, up 2% year-on-year. This was driven by a 3% growth in 
domestic revenue and 1% growth in export revenue, reflecting sustained demand and market 
resilience. 
 
Our gross margin stood at 24%, while EBITDA and PAT margins were at 12% and 8% 
respectively. Margin moderation was primarily due to higher input basmati costs, lower other 
income and increased freight and employee costs. 
 
Moving on to balance sheet highlights. Our total inventory as of December 31, 2024, stood at 
INR 4,278 crores, reflecting an optimization of stock levels. This included INR 1,241 crores of 
paddy inventory, which was at INR 2,156 crores in December '2023 and INR 2,877 crores in 
rice inventory, which was at INR 2,554 crores in December '2023. 
 
On a volume basis, as of December 31, 2024, paddy and rice inventory stood at 341,000 tons 
and 458,000 tons, respectively, compared to 491,000 tons of paddy and 395,000 tons of rice in 
December '2023. Lower inventory is primarily due to lower per unit cost, reflecting the industry-
wide price trend mentioned by Anil ji and Ayush. 
 
One of the standard highlights in the quarter is a sharp reduction in net debt, which now stands 
at INR 92 crores as of December 31, '2024, down from INR 901 crores last year. As we look 
ahead, we remain focused on driving sustainable growth, enhancing operational efficiencies and 
delivering long-term value creation. 
 
With that, I come to an end of my prepared remarks. I would now like to hand over to the 
moderator for opening the Q&A session. I would just like to mention that the ED matter is sub 
judice, so we will not be in a position to respond to queries on that matter. 
 
So over to the moderator now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Amit Aggarwal from Leeway 
Investments. Please go ahead.  
Amit Aggarwal: 
My question is regarding Saudi Arabia market. Sir, it's good that we have started exports to 
Saudi Arabia. But just wanted to know whether it's through our own channel or we are doing it 
through distributor or wholesaler? And what is the situation of our own office being open there 
in Saudi Arabia? 

KRBL Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
See as far as our own office is concerned, it will take a little more time, maybe another month 
or 2 months because certain permissions are awaited and we are waiting for their positive answer 
so that we proceed. As our exports are concerned, it is through distributing channels. And we 
are doing good in those channels which we have recently signed and started making our exp ort. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Just wanted to be more clear about it. Is these consignments temporary or these consignment are 
supposed to grow and will be still there in the coming quarters? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Yes, yes. It will come in the coming quarters also. It is not a onetime business. It will be coming 
and it will be continuing also, but it is mostly to the wholesalers. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
And are we not in the position to still appoint distributors exclusively or something like this? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Distributors will take a little more time as far as the modern trade distributors are concerned. 
But as far as wholesale is concerned, we are doing exceptionally very good. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Okay. And my last question is regarding the gross margins. Though our gross margin increased 
compared to last quarter, but if you see 4-5 years, then our gross margin is still very low. Any 
particular reason? Is it because the basmati prices are low worldwide? Or is there some other 
reason? And how do you expect our gross margins to do next 1 year? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
See, the gross margins are low due to the paddy prices were low this year in the opening during 
the month of October and that has reflected in the price. That is why the gross margins are low, 
but they are going to improve in the first quarter of '2025-'26. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
And sir, my last question is regarding the turnover. So the prices are low. So do you expect the 
turnover to be flat in the coming quarters or the turnover will be higher? 
Ashish Jain: 
I think we are expecting the revenue to be slightly grow over the previous year. That's the view 
as of now. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from BugleRock PMS. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Ayush, we were investing in regional rice as a growth area, okay, in last few years, okay? Can 
you update on that? 
 
And secondly, why not one venture what we have started, let us make it a sizable business 
beyond INR 500 crores and then go into other businesses like oils and all that things. Any 
thoughts on that will be helpful. 
Ayush Gupta: 
Can you please repeat your second question? I did not get that properly. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
So we entered edible oil business, So my question is why not first let the regional rice become a 
large part of business and focus on that particular business where a large opportunity was there 
or we still believe is there and we have invested to make it large and then we enter other 
businesses. Just some thoughts on that. 

KRBL Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Ayush Gupta: 
Yes, yes. Thank you for the question. See, the regional rice business came about to us as an 
opportunity because the South and East markets, which are primarily the rice growing and eating 
regions of India, our market shares were extremely high in the basmati space. 
 
We are enjoying market shares of upwards of 65% at an aggregate level in the South and East. 
And given that strong equity that India Gate enjoyed in the market and given the households 
who are primarily rice eating, Basmati obviously has a restriction because it's a biryani kind of 
a consumption, right? 
 
Regional rice is where we thought it was an untapped opportunity for KRBL because the brand 
India Gate was synonymous to quality and trust. We thought it will be a good opportunity for us 
to enter. 
 
In the 2.5 years now that we've entered, we've gained significant ground. We've done, I would 
say, a revenue of about INR 200 crores in the last financial year and we are close to about INR 
250 crores in this financial year. What we've evaluated and realized regional rice is vastly an 
unorganized market with lot of regional unbranded players. And a lot of varieties are available 
in the market. 
 
So what we've realized as we've entered that a lot of the varieties that are available in the market, 
the margin potential for the company is very less. We've experimented, we've tested a lot of 
varieties in the past 2 years. And now we've consolidated our focus on 2- 3 varieties where we've 
seen that margin potential and value creation for the brand is possible. 
 
So Gobindobhog from Burdwan region, also called jeera rice or kaima rice in the South, Wada 
Kolam and Sona Masoori in the Gangavathi area are a few of the varieties that we've seen good 
traction, and we've seen a healthy gross margin profile as well. 
 
So these are some varieties that we've consolidated our efforts to right now and we are expanding 
its presence in regions and putting more focus here. 
 
While we continue to grow this segment, we are also evaluating more regional rice varieties 
along the way because it's a huge diverse market and understanding many of these varieties takes 
a lot of insights from the field and from the ground. 
 
So it's a journey. So we're doing that. But as I mentioned in my comments as well that we are 
committed to delivering a 1 lakh metric ton kind of a business in the next 3 years with this. But 
our main objective is that any business that we deliver in regional rice, we don't want it to dilute 
our gross margins. We want to have at least the equal gross margin of basmati rice, if not better. 
So with that cautious consideration, we are expanding this business of regional rice. 
 
On the front of launching edible oils, it's not just a launch of edible oils, but it's a creation of a 
health platform that India Gate sees as an opportunity in the Indian market. The health and 
wellness platform in India is at a rapidly growing pace. 
 
And with quick commerce and modern trade increasing in saliency, at least in urban and metro 
towns, we see that as a brand, India Gate, we are missing that segment of consumers. 

KRBL Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
 
India Gate, because it doesn't stand for health. So we plan to launch another brand Uplife, which 
will resonate to the health and wellness segment. So healthy edible oils because of its 
penetration, because of its association with commodity as well as health and wellness seem like 
the first probable option for us. 
 
As we've entered healthy edible oils, our focus is to enter many other categories in the health 
and wellness space along with edible oils in the coming years. 
 
Also, healthy edible oil or Rice Bran Oil came as a natural fitment for us because we were 
making it as a byproduct in our facility already. So our know-how with the product and the 
pricing and commodity trends, we were more comfortable with this launch. And it hence made 
a very suitable extension for us. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay. And second question was on the inventory. And you said that the price of paddy has come 
down this year versus last year. But what do you expect? So Jan, Feb, we have been buying and 
we expect to continue to buy further in this year. So are the prices still low at the low level of 
what were there in November, December or price for paddy has started increasing? Some 
thoughts on that will be helpful. 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
Prices have come down drastically. From November also, the prices in the season have come 
down by at least 10% to 12%. So we are buying now the crop 90%, 95% of the crop has already 
come, but the remaining 5% crop will come till February end, but we are buying in the market 
at the current prices, which is lesser by 10% to 12% of the season. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
So you are saying that what the price of the product is in the market or the remaining paddy, 
which is coming is lower by 10% from November what the price was for the paddy?  
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
Yes.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Sir, my first question is on export. I think you mentioned that in Q4 and going beyond, we will 
continue this run rate and build on to that. So should we assume this INR 500 crores as a base 
run rate from here on? That is one. And especially on export, you said that a large part of Saudi 
Arabia market that we are currently tapping is on the wholesale side of it. So how should we 
think about the margin profile? Because I think retail was yielding much better margin for us. 
So how should we think about that? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
See, as far as Saudi is concerned, we are satisfied looking at our results on the Q3 turnover and 
the margins. As far as exports is concerned and even in domestic also, India Gate brand, we have 
been aging the rice for more than 1 year and certain varieties for 2 years. So up to June-July, this 
old crop will be supplied in the export market to Saudi and other places. And the margins of 
profits are intact. 
 
They are not gone because old-aged rice is hardly seldom available in the market. They are with 
1 or 2 players, only those who are in export market, but primarily it is with KRBL Limited. 

KRBL Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
 
So therefore, if you ask for the demand, the demand is for aged rice, not for the current crop. So 
we are getting a premium prices as far as exports are concerned. 
 
As far as our turnovers are concerned, I'm quite sure that as far as Saudi is concerned, we are 
going to further improve what we have done in quarter 3. And overall, also, we expect now our 
thrust will be to ensure that our revenues doesn't go down. They are improved on a quarter-over-
quarter basis. This is our expectation. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Got it, sir. And sir, second question on margin. I think, Ashish, you mentioned that a couple of 
percentage points impact because of the freight part of it., we expect some improvement in gross 
margin. So going into FY '2026, are we looking at kind of mid-teens, 14%, 15% kind of a 
margin? Is this the expectation with which we should work with? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Definitely. you are right. We will be having better margins. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Got it. And one question on the domestic side of it. We are entering into this edible oil category. 
Now one thing that we have observed is that whenever any company wants to create a new 
category, it requires a long gestation period. A lot of money needs to be invested upfront in terms 
of building distribution, brand, etcetera? 
 
We already have the distribution channel open. But how do you see the amount of money that 
you need to invest before we start making profit in some of the new categories? Do you see there 
a gestation period of 2-3 years? And is there a number that we are looking at which we are 
willing to put in, in terms of investment or loss for the new categories? 
Ayush Gupta: 
See, as I mentioned that we are looking at a INR 300 crores top line by the end of 3 years. And 
as per our current plans of investments to build this category for us, we see that we will start 
making profit by end of second year. On exactly how much we plan to spend, I would not like 
to disclose that on the call here. 
 
But given that the competition on this category is quite fierce and it's also it's a health kind of a 
platform as a product, we will be investing significantly in advertising and communication 
because that will become the foundation and bedrock for creating this brand. So significant 
money will go in creating brand value and communicating with our targeted consumers. And by 
second year, we start looking at positive P&L on this product. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Yash from Dante Equity. 
Yash: 
So I think you posted a great set of numbers, but I just wanted clarity on the domestic volume 
year-on-year. Have your domestic volumes de-grown year-on-year? 
Ashish Jain: 
Yes. So I think I should have touched on it. But from a branded business point of view, our 
basmati volume was lower by 1% on a year-on-year basis. Non-basmati volume was lower by a 
larger number. 
 

KRBL Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Yash: 
Right. And you just said that the margins are going to kind of trend upwards, right? One thing I 
just want some clarity on is year-on-year, your exports went up by almost 100% and your 
domestic business was a little lower year-on-year. but your margins are almost flat year-on-year, 
right? So going forward, what I'm able to understand the numbers is exports are not as profitable 
as they were. Is that trend a short-term trend? And is that going to change? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
No, I think so it's a misconception. Exports have got higher profit or margin compared to 
domestic. And there is a good difference between the pricing between exports and domestic 
market, a big difference. 
Ashish Jain: 
Yes. And just to add to what Anil ji said, I think 2-3 things will play out. See, I think Anoop ji 
had mentioned and Anil ji also, that we should see our old inventory, which has been purchased 
in earlier years coming to a reasonable level by July. So that's the time our average cost will start 
reflecting the paddy cost declines that have been mentioned. That's number one. 
 
Number two, also the domestic, the whole price decline, I think that should also settle down 
hopefully over the next 1 or 2 quarters.  So both these things combined, along with improving 
export revenue should lead to margin improvement, which is why we had said that next year 
should be far better from a margin point of view. 
Yash: 
But on whatever you said, I'm not sure if that is going to play out if next monsoon is again very 
good, right? If we have a very good monsoon next year also and if the prices fall further, then 
your this year inventory will again become more expensive than next year, right? So I mean, we 
are playing the inventory game, right? And it will mostly depend on the monsoon next year, if 
I'm not mistaken. like is that a good assumption or not? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Let me add something. First of all, this year, the carry-forward stocks will be too much because 
the crop size is bigger and the production of rice , we are expecting to be not more by about 1 
million tons over last year.  
So the carry-forward stock would be there. The farmers are not 
getting the right price what they are supposed to get. 
 
So next year, the production according to our estimate, would be lesser by 10% over this year. 
So this is the right price. We feel that this price in basmati rice will not come again. This is our 
feeling. But we say always the man proposes, God disposes, we can't say anything. 
Yash: 
But does the price depend on the farmers' inventory? Or does it depend on the monsoon? Because 
I I assume it depended on the monsoon. So next year, if the monsoon is again great, like how it 
was this year, right, then the prices should not come down substantially because like you said, 
they're already sitting on inventory that they're not able to sell, right? As you said that by June 
or July, our inventory should narrow down quite a bit, right, last year's high-cost inventory. But 
then your next monsoon starts playing in, right? 
 
So let's assume even if your high-cost inventory is run down by June, July. And then if this 
calendar year's monsoon is great again, like last year and the production again is high, then what 
do we see with the sort of inventory that you're sitting on? Will your margins be able to go up 
as you are sort of commenting? Or will they sort of stay right here? 

KRBL Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
See, if the monsoon is good, then the farmer is going to grow more of parmal rice than the 
basmati rice. He has to look ultimately what are the returns on his farming. That is the main 
object. 
 
This year, the total rice production will be around 9 million tons. And we do not see these 9 
million tons, the exporters or the millers would be able to consume. That is not the demand. If 
you look at the demand, the total demand today is around 8 million tons, 5 million in exports 
and 3 million tons domestically. So there is a surplus of 1 million ton, and that is why the prices 
are coming down. 
 
Next year, if you say the monsoon is good, definitely, then the farmer is going to grow PR106, 
PR12, PR14, which is parmal rice because government, MSP is also increasing year-over-year. 
So he has to see that whether they make more money in cultivating parmal or in basmati rice. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kaushal Sharma from Equinox Capital. 
Kaushal Sharma: 
Yes, sir. As you said that we are sitting a very good inventory like INR 4,027 crores and INR 
1,000 crores for paddy and the paddy price has significantly dropped. So are we expecting any 
inventory loss in Q4 or going forward? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
No, there is no inventory loss. We are regularly buying. there's no question, 95% of paddy has 
already come. And we are selling on the basis of our inventory valuation only. There's no 
question of any inventory loss. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Naitik from NV Alpha Fund. 
Naitik: 
Sir, my first question is I wanted to know if you could give the breakup of the export sales, how 
much of it has come from private label or bulk sales and how much is branded? And also what 
has led to this increase year-over-year, which region has led to this increase? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
See, as far as export figures are concerned, that we can get in touch with us later to discuss on 
how much is bulk and how much is branded. 
Naitik: 
Okay. Sir, can you share the reason which has led to this growth? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Reason of growth is that we have started exporting to  -- Saudi Arabia Then other destinations 
have showed a promising demand. And third is that even our private label also, we got a good 
business out of the private label. So all 3 together gave us this growth. 
Naitik: 
Okay, sir. Got it. Also next question is what was the impact of freight rate exactly? And what 
percentage of margin 
Ashish Jain: 
Yes, a total of 2 percentage point impact on the EBITDA margin. So which I had explained is 
for 3 reasons actually. One is higher export volume. Second is higher freight rates. And on the 
domestic side, we've shifted some quantum of the sale on CIF basis, which is why there is a 
higher freight on the domestic side also. 

KRBL Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Naitik: 
All right. And sir, my last question is in terms of our domestic sales, if you could call out how 
much was regional and how much was basmati branded rice? 
Ashish Jain: 
We generally don't give this breakup separately, but it is predominantly basmati at this point. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Krushi Parekh from BugleRock PMS. 
Krushi Parekh: 
So my question is that for the domestic business, do we have differentiation in the gross margins 
across channels, the modern trade, the e-commerce and the general trade? And if yes, then how 
are we planning to optimize the sales? 
Ayush Gupta: 
No, definitely, we have a split of different channels. E-commerce, modern trade operate at a 
higher gross margins compared to traditional trade. But overall investments in e-commerce 
modern trade are also demanding because it's a consumer-first platform and it's brand agnostic 
from that perspective. So a lot of investment goes. 
 
Net-net, traditional trade tends to be a couple of percentage points more profitable compared to 
Modern Trade e-commmerce from a P&L perspective. However, as I mentioned, there are 
various projects that we are implementing in terms of supply chain and in terms of packaging 
cost optimizations that we are doing to enhance our gross margin profiles. 
 
Also, we are looking at portfolio optimization. Certain premium portfolios tend to be 
underleveraged in certain markets, in certain channels. So that effort is also on. And I think that's 
more of a journey. Quarter-on-quarter, we keep on evaluating and enhancing this work on how 
we can improve our gross margin profiles in the India market. 
Krushi Parekh: 
Okay. Got it. My second question is that we have about 4 lakh plus touch points right now on 
the retail side. what is our target over the next 3 to 4 years on how much we want to penetrate 
within this particular channel? 
Ayush Gupta: 
Yes. So packaged basmati rice as a category is currently sold in about 6.5 lakh to about 6.75 
lakh outlets in India. And we are available in about 4.15 lakh outlets. Our objective is to reach 
at least a 70% numeric distribution, which will yield at least 85%, 90% coverage in terms of 
weighted distribution. So that will be about 1 lakh-1.2 lakh outlets more coverage that we'll be 
aiming. 
Krushi Parekh: 
And this will be over how many years? 
Ayush Gupta: 
I mean, it's very difficult to put down the time line for it. We would love to do it in a year, but 
these are highly cost-draining activities. So basis market and competition intensity and landscape 
and distribution, there are a lot of things that goes into expanding. But I would say it's a journey. 
We've been doing it for the past 3 years. I would say an 18 to 24 months would be an ideal time 
line to achieve the balance. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of V.P. Rajesh from Banyan Capital Advisors. 

KRBL Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Most of my questions have been answered, but just wanted one clarification around the Saudi 
business. Are we doing it in our own India Gate label? Or is it more in the HoReCa segment 
where it is bulk pack, etcetera? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
100% in our own brand India Gate. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Okay. Wonderful. Congratulations. That's a great way to start going back into that business. And 
then, Ashish, on the EBITDA margin, just one clarification. So some of that 2 percentage point 
delta is because of the gross margin also because we have the older inventory, which is probably 
coming out, which was at a higher price. Is that understanding correct? And second, this freight 
cost that you're talking about, is it going to start coming down now? Or is this more structural in 
nature? 
Ashish Jain: 
Yes. So first, you are right. Part of it is flowing from gross margin, but there, it is more an other 
income impact rather than the price movements, number one. Number two, on the freight cost, 
I think the rate side, we do see that correction happening over the next quarter or so. So overall 
freight cost should also come down. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rohan Patel from Turtle Capital. 
Rohan Patel: 
You just mentioned the volume growth numbers. So I just wanted to clarify, like can you give 
us again for the 9 months, what was the volume growth in basmati as well as non-basmati? 
Ashish Jain: 
You're talking about overall for the company? 
Rohan Patel: 
For the company, for 9 months for basmati and non-basmati? 
Ashish Jain: 
So the volume growth overall in the 9-month period was around 4% for basmati. And there's a 
decline on the non-basmati side. 
Rohan Patel: 
Okay. Second question is regarding what we have personally observed is your confidence for 
the Saudi market like you are being more confident than previous calls that we have participated. 
And looking at the efforts you are making on the wholesale side, so seeing what you are guys 
doing, can we reach that to the INR500 crores to INR700 crores level that we used to do before 
pre-issues that we are facing like in a year or 2? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
No, no. I think so in FY '2026, we will reach around INR500crores plus through Saudi alone. 
No problem. 
Rohan Patel: 
Okay. That's great. That's great. And looking into this INR500-plus crores that you are going to 
do, how much that will be coming from, say, general trade, modern trade and HoReCa? If you 
just give us a broad explanation like how you're pushing the sales through different distribution? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Tell you that I can't give you, but I can give you the broad idea of the Saudi market. Saudi 
market, 55% to 60% is wholesale, 20% is HoReCa and 20% is modern retail. 
Rohan Patel: 
Okay. So right now our efforts are going through wholesale. So we will be capturing the largest 
market sooner? 

KRBL Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
we have given to some of the stores also directly because we didn't have any distributor. So we 
have given to,some of them, , we given Full 2-3  containers to them directly. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Manoj Dua from Geometric Securities. 
Manoj Dua: 
Okay. So we are major share in domestic and we are trying new things in domestic also. How 
much year we can take -- if we take 12 years for 12% growth, then sales doubles in 6 years. So 
how much we can take in growth assumption? 
Ashish Jain: 
Is your question around the growth potential on the domestic side? 
Manoj Dua: 
Yes.  
Ayush Gupta: 
If I talk about some general trends of what we've seen in the past 2, 3 years, we are currently at 
about 38%- 39% market share. We are at a 38%-39% market share and we see healthy tailwinds 
in the category because we are seeing good growth rates in the packaged basmati rice category. 
 
Consumers are moving from loose to packaged. That's one transition that we're seeing. Saliency 
of e-commerce modern trade are fueling that trend of move from loose to packaged. So overall, 
packaged basmati rice from a consumer pack segment seems to be a positive trend for us. 
 
In the next 2 to 3 years, we also plan to expand market share, like we've done in the past, 450 
basis points in this financial year. We want to maintain that trajectory and our objective is to 
reach a 50%-55% market share in years to come. So with that kind of aspiration, I would say, a 
healthy double-digit growth in consumer pack is to be seen. 
 
In the bulk pack business, we have been posting good 10% to 12% growth year-over-year. And 
we continue to see that trend going on. There are certain white spaces that we've identified for 
bulk pack segments and we continue to tap them. 
 
So overall, a healthy growth rate in the basmati segment is to be seen in the future years. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Shubham Jain from NV Alpha Fund. 
Shubham Jain: 
My question was again on the domestic front. If you look at the 9-month number, our growth 
seems to be in single digits. I believe some of this is due to pricing pressure. But what's our 
volume growth in the first 9 months in the domestic business? 
Ashish Jain: 
Yes. On the basmati branded side, the volume growth is at 6%. 
Shubham Jain: 
Okay. Got it. So following up on the previous question, right, we've seen in the last, say, 5 years, 
we've doubled this business. So we're growing at about 15%- 17%. How much more penetration 
do we see at a distribution level that we can increase that can help us get to like a 15% growth 
going forward? 
 
And my second question on the domestic business was, do we need to do a similar amount of 
aging that we do across our international business or it's relatively lower? And is this like a better 
ROCE business that way? 

KRBL Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Ayush Gupta: 
Yes. So in terms of how much growth we can see, as I told you, we are at about 4 lakh outlets, 
close to about 35% of the outlets in the packaged basmati rice continue to be untapped for the 
brand. So that's a huge ocean of opportunity in terms of growth. 
 
Second, we see positive winds in terms of the packaged basmati rice as a category growing 
because consumers are moving rom loose to packaged. And a lot of this trend is happening in 
the Tier 2, Tier 3 towns of India. So basmati was primarily centered across metro and Tier 1 
towns, but in the last 4- 5 years, the saliency of the category has moved to Tier 2, Tier 3 towns. 
So overall size of the category is increasing. 
 
So those are the 2 real, I would say, tailwinds which give us promising of the future. We remain 
promising for the future that growth rates will come. Also, e-commerce and modern trade 
platforms are increasing saliency, which are more brand-centric and consumer forward. So that's, 
again, a good news for a brand like us to grow. 
 
In terms of your other question, is aging an important factor? That continues to remain a 
differentiating factor for the brand in a cluttered category like this. While we have certain 
products which are 2 years aged, there are certain products in the India market, which are 1 year 
aged. So that kind of a bifurcation between export and domestic remains. but aging is, I would 
say, a core competency and a core advantage that KRBL enjoys and we would always be known 
for that. 
Shubham Jain: 
Okay. So if in India, we're still the better product because we are doing, 1-year aging, does this 
show up in our pricing? Do we get to charge a premium to the customer or we're still at par with 
the other players? 
Ayush Gupta: 
No, we definitely charge a premium to the customers. India Gate today would easily charge a 
10% to 12% premium over unbranded and regional brands available in the market. 
Shubham Jain: 
Okay. And on the distribution front, where you mentioned that we have 4 lakh outlets or touch 
points versus 7 lakh opportunity. Is this more geographic penetration in Tier 2, Tier 3? Or is it 
just that areas in terms of, say, we're more prominent hypothetically in the North than South is 
not that? Is this more to do with different regions or just like different tier of cities that we need 
to keep going down? 
Ayush Gupta: 
No, it's actually more geography. I would not segregate it to a particular tier. In certain parts of 
the country, specifically West, we tend to be under penetrated. So that's an opportunity for us. 
The under penetration in West spreads across metro, Tier 1, Tier 2. Both North and West are 
highly penetrated for basmati rice and there are a lot of regional local brands that are prevalent 
in the market. 
 
It's also kind of a gross margin dilution when we fight those brands. But we are working up a 
strategy, where penetration of the brand trumps pricing. So as we enter more and more outlets, 
as our GTM becomes stronger, we feel because of sheer availability in the outlets, we will gain 
market share. So that remains the fundamental of our strategy as we move forward. 

KRBL Limited 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Shubham Jain: 
Got it. So the reason West was, relatively under penetrated is because there's like more 
competition and more margin pressure that is potentially happening over there? 
Ayush Gupta: 
Right. West is also more economy segment dominated and there are a lot of local regional brands 
and it's a very price-sensitive market. But we are still working our way in there. If we want to 
gain market shares up to 50%- 55%, West has to be on our charts in terms of gaining penetration. 
Shubham Jain: 
Got it. And just one follow-up on the ROCE. So you mentioned that we do see relatively lesser 
aging in a basket of products in India. So at a ROCE level, do we hit the 18%-20% ROCE despite 
doing lower margins in India? 
Ashish Jain: 
See, we don't compute it separately for each business. But overall, the return would be slightly 
lower, I mean, largely because of the margin profile is totally different from exports. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as the last question. Thank you very much to the members 
of the management team. On behalf of KRBL Limited, that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited 
for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to 
ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
We do hereby confirm that no Unpublished Price Sensitive Information was shared or discussed during 
the Q3 FY25 Earning Conference Call. 
