 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
Ref. No.: HDFC Life/CA/2024-25/126 
 
Listing Department 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No C/1, Block G, 
Sir PJ Towers, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra (East), 
Fort, 
Mumbai- 400 051 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
NSE Symbol: HDFCLIFE 
BSE Security Code: 540777 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter and nine-months ended                
December 31, 2024 – Revised enclosure  
 
This has reference to our letter dated January 22, 2025, through which we had submitted 
transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and nine-months ended December 31, 
2024.  
 
In this regard, we wish to inform that vide aforesaid letter we have inadvertently submitted the 
transcript of H1’FY25 earnings conference call, instead of transcript of 9M’FY25 earnings 
conference call. Request you to ignore the transcript submitted vide aforesaid letter. 
 
Please find enclosed transcript of the earnings conference call with analysts and investors held 
on Wednesday, January 15, 2025, to discuss the financial performance of the Company for the 
quarter and nine-months ended December 31, 2024. 
 
The same has also been hosted on the Company’s website at https://www.hdfclife.com/about-
us/investor-relations.  
 
This is for your information and appropriate dissemination. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
Narendra Gangan 
General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer & 
Company Secretary 
Encl.: As above 
Narendra 
Gangan
Digitally signed by 
Narendra Gangan 
Date: 2025.01.23 
20:39:53 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited  
9M FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
2 
 
 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the earnings conference call for nine months ended 
December 31st, 2024. The results, which include the investor presentation, press release and 
regulatory disclosures, have already been made available on both our website and the stock 
exchanges. I have with me Niraj Shah, Executive Director and CFO; Vineet Arora, Chief 
Business Officer - Distribution, Data and Technology; Eshwari Murugan, our Appointed 
Actuary; and Kunal Jain, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Business Planning. 
Turning to the key highlights of 9MFY25.  
Starting with our operating performance:  
                                               We have registered a healthy growth of 22%, based on individual WRP for 9MFY25, outpacing 
private industry and overall sector growth of 19% and 14% respectively. Our market share in 
the overall sector, expanded by 70 bps to 10.8% and our market share in the private sector stands 
at 15.3%. We have witnessed both ticket size and volume expansion during this period. The 
number of policies sold has grown by 15%, outperforming the private sector's growth of 9%. 
The average ticket size has also grown by 8% during 9MFY25. Over 70% of the customers 
acquired during this period are new to HDFC Life, demonstrating progress towards our objective 
to expand our customer base. Retail sum assured has grown by 22% YoY for this period. We 
continue to clock secular growth across tier 1, 2 and 3 cities with number of lives insured 
crossing 36 million during 9M FY25.  
                                                Moving to product mix:  
                                                Individual APE in 9M was composed of ULIPs: 37%, non-par savings: 35%, participating 
policies: 18%, term: 6%, and annuities: 5%. ULIPs continue to remain range-bound for us so far 
this year. Non-par savings products sustained their strong growth, growing by 55% YoY. Retail 
protection continues to grow well, with APE for nine months clocking a growth of 28%. Credit 
protect growth has been tepid due to slower disbursements amongst specific partners and the 
MFI sector, in particular. However, we firmly hold our position as market leader in this segment. 
Momentum was sustained in rider attachments, both on individual as well as group policies. 
Annuity and protection together contributed 44% to our overall new business premium. We are 
happy to introduce our latest offering in the participating category, Click 2 Achieve Par 
Advantage, which provides flexibility to the customer to customize and combine plan options, 
policy and premium paying term, along with policy continuance benefits for single and joint life. 
On the surrender regulations, we have largely closed our discussions with all our distributors 
and rolled out a combination of measures, including deferred commission payout, claw-back of 
commission and reduction of commission. We are happy to share that we have been able to 
equitably share the impact between us and our partners.  
                                                Moving onto key financial and operating metrics:  
                                                Value of new business for the 9M period was Rs. 2,586 crores, reflecting a 14% YoY growth. 
New business margin for the 9-month period was 25.1%, with the compression mainly 
attributable to changes in product mix in line with macro trends. Our embedded value grew by 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
3 
 
18% and stood at Rs. 53,246 crores as on 31st December, delivering an operating return on 
embedded value of 16.0%. We ended the quarter with a comfortable solvency ratio of 188%. 
Profit after tax grew 15% YoY to Rs. 1,326 crores, driven by an 18% increase in profit 
emergence from our back book. Renewal collections grew by 12% YoY. 13th and 61st month 
persistency stood at 87% and 61%, an increase of 110 and 780 bps respectively.  
                                                Next on distribution:  
                                                All channels registered healthy double-digit growth. Our counter share at HDFC Bank has 
remained stable at close to 65% in 9M FY25. We are focused on building a profitable, high-
quality Agency franchise and are happy to report that protection business sourced by this channel 
grew more than 2x when compared to our overall growth in protection of 28%.  
                                                On subsidiaries: 
                                                HDFC Pension continues to be one of the fastest growing pension fund management company 
in the industry, enjoying a market share of 43.2% and an AUM of Rs 1.06 lakh crore. We are 
pleased to inform you that HDFC International has maintained an Insurer Financial Strength 
Rating of "BBB" from S&P Global Ratings and has received a "B++" rating from AM Best 
Ratings.  
                                                On other updates:  
                                                We are excited to announce the partial deployment of the first phase of Project Inspire, which 
includes the group business module. We expect our partners and members covered to avail of 
benefits such as automated member onboarding, issuance of Certificates of Insurance, straight 
through claims processing, payouts and real-time communication. We were recognised as 
India’s Top 50 Best Workplaces for Women by Great Place to Work. We also featured in 
Business Today’s BT500 list of India’s Most Valuable Companies, demonstrating our 
commitment to creating value for all our stakeholders.  
                                                In closing, we remain focused on achieving our full year outlook on APE and VNB growth. We 
are committed to adapting to the evolving market and regulatory landscape with agility and 
resilience. This includes continued investment in distribution, tech and customer-centric product 
innovations to deliver long-term value for our stakeholders. For a detailed overview of our 
results, please refer to our investor presentation. We are now open to any questions from the 
participants. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
comes from Avinash Singh from Emkay Global.  
Avinash Singh: 
Great set of numbers particularly, the margins holding up amidst surrender regulations are pretty 
much comforting. The first question is that if I see the margin walk and if I compare with how 
it was at H1 versus 9M, the YoY impact from the business mix change on the margin seems to 
be turning favorable in this quarter despite the fact that sequentially, par has gone up slightly, 
protection is holding up and non-par sequentially has come down marginally. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
4 
 
 
So, is it to do with that? Or you have adjusted your guaranteed rates to reflect the new realities 
and that has helped you recoup whatever margin you had lost some bit in last quarter on the non-
par products. So, if you can just help with that? 
 
Second bit is, if I see your New Business Strain, that seems to be growing again at 18%-20%  
rate YoY over 9M. So just to understand, which are the segments that are of driving this New 
Business Strain? I mean, is it just because the non-par is increasing as compared to last year? 
 
And related to that, if I go to your accounting surplus disclosure, and if I look at nine months, 
the non-par individual and Group Life or surplus in the nine months is turning a significant 
negative number vis-a-vis last year. So, I mean, what are the sort of factors that's underplaying 
here? So, these are my three questions. 
Niraj Shah: 
Yes, on your question on margins, we just start with basically what's happened on a nine-month 
basis from last year to this year. We started that last year was about 26.5%, currently, we're 
reporting 25.1%. The significant change is on account of product mix. That's primarily visible 
in terms of what you see on the unit linked front from 32% last year to 37% this year. That's 
largely what is driving this change. 
 
The other factor is the implementation of the surrender value regulations. We're basically talking 
about on a nine-month basis, a 10-basis points impact, and on a quarter basis, about 30 basis 
points impact of the surrender value regulation implementation. So, these are really the two big 
changes on a YoY basis. 
 
If I were to just quickly talk through what's happened sequentially, that will also completely 
make it clear in terms of what we had spoken about last time as well. So, the number for Q2 last 
year appeared as about 24.3%. We had basically called out a lag in repricing and that is to the 
effect of about 100-110 bps. So, the starting point really is about 25.3%-25.4%. And as such, 
the margins are expanded by about 60 bps if we were to look at it from that perspective. 
 
And that is largely on account of inherent product margins being a lot better now, especially on 
the Unit Linked segment because of two reasons; one is our persistency has improved 
significantly and second is our level of protection that we are able to attach on Unit Linked 
products is a lot higher than what it was in the prior period. 
 
This is obviously offset by the surrender value impact of 30 bps that I spoke about. So, on a net 
basis, we are talking about 24.3% going up to 26%, or if you were to actually just normalize last 
period's number to 25.3%, then it's about 60-70 bps delta. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama Wealth Management Limited. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Good evening. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just a couple of questions. We see 
growth in this quarter, particularly in individual APE has slowed down. For non-par savings, I 
think that's a product line where growth is not there and even protection I think is a little bit 
flattish. So, can you give us some color as to what is happening to broader growth? 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
5 
 
Second question would be, what has been the share of HDFC bank, what is our counter share in 
HDFC Bank? And there's been a lot of noise around primary bank's contribution. Some color or 
some sense around that as to, what would your sort of comments be on this current environment 
and this current talk that we seem to get in the media. I think the entire investor community and 
analysts are slightly worried about this. So, some sort of sense there would be helpful. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Hi, Madhukar. Vineet will answer your first couple of questions on growth and HDFC Bank 
counter-share. I'll take the last question in terms of the noise. 
Vineet Arora: 
Hi, Madhukar. I think the growth the way we see it is, it's largely in line with how the private 
industry has moved and slightly better than the overall industry. We don't really see a very big 
concern about the growth slowdown and no particular channel has shown this kind of a 
slowdown. It's more holistic, some base impact has come in from last year and it's in line with 
the industry movement. 
Coming specifically to HDFC Bank, our counter share is steady. We have been in this range of 
close to 65%. We don't see an impact on the counter share in HDFC Bank because of any of the 
noise that you were referring to, it remains the same. So, I think that should answer your first 
two set of questions. Over to Vibha for the last part. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
On this bancassurance related commentary. We've only heard it from media sources. We haven't 
heard anything at all from our regulator. At the same time, if misselling is the purpose then 
misselling complaints is something that we anyway work on. And overall for the sector, 
bancassurance misselling is actually lower than perhaps some of the other channels, but there's 
always scope for improvement.  
Now our focus has been on growing proprietary channels, which includes the agency and direct 
as well as tie-ups with other banks and we have been fairly successful in doing that. Now from 
a bancassurance perspective, I think agency and broking is where our focus will continue.  
And also, in terms of some numbers, our bancassurance, if I were to look at from an overall 
business perspective at a company level, new business premium, it is only 35% and HDFC Bank 
is about 1/4th. This, of course, I'm including Credit Life and all our businesses, if the intent is to 
bring down in terms of concentration risk, these are the numbers.  
And last point is that while we are talking about some artificial construct on percentages, I think 
also the question to ponder about is, does the customer need choice in terms of open architecture? 
That also is something that really would give scope to give customer choice and hence, open up 
and widen the market, widen the reach and so on. So, there are different aspects to bancassurance 
but we'll see how and if it evolves. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
So, my last question, in the EV walk, economic variance has reduced from the last quarter's 
numbers. I presume, obviously, this will be mainly a result of the equity markets coming down. 
Can you give me a split of the equity and the fixed income breakdown of this? 
Eshwari Murugan: 
Yes, for the nine months ending December, the economic variance is mainly coming from the 
fall in the interest rate. Because for the equity markets on 9-month basis, the performance is 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
6 
 
around 8%, which is in line with the expectation. So, there is no positive variance from equities 
in the nine months. But yes, in the six months, we had a positive equity performance, which was 
reflected in the higher investment variance that you saw in the EV walk for September. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Avinash Singh from Emkay Global.  
Avinash Singh: 
There were a couple of questions. First, what is driving this New Business Strain for the nine 
months? Is it change in product mix more towards non-par this year ? And the second one, if I 
look at the GAAP accounting surplus, the surplus in individual and group non-par life category 
for the nine months, is a reasonably negative big number vis-a-vis last year when it was 
reasonably positive. So, what is sort of underlying mechanics here? 
Eshwari Murugan: 
So, if you look at the growth in the New Business Strain, it's only 13% for the nine months, 
which is in line with the new business growth. And the EB surplus has grown by 18%, which is 
in the range that we have always explained. So, I don't think the New Business Strain has grown 
higher than expected. And obviously, it will always be influenced by product mix but nothing 
very different in terms of reserving approach or anything that has happened.  
And the product mix being very similar, slightly higher UL but the strain is not anything different 
from what we have seen in the previous quarters or in the previous financial year. Strain as a 
percentage of the premium, that's what I'm referring to. 
Avinash Singh: 
Okay. And while the surplus generated for a non-par life is negative for the nine months? 
Eshwari Murugan: 
The New Business Strain on the non-par is what you're referring to? 
Avinash Singh: 
No, I'm referring to the surplus that is a part of your P&L filing. 
Eshwari Murugan: 
The surplus is lower because the non-par segment has grown at a higher percentage compared 
to total top line growth. So non-par savings, for example, has grown by around 55% compared 
to the individual APE growth of 24%. 
Avinash Singh: 
So I was referring to the same, in the segment level surplus generation for 9 months, your 
individual and group non-par life. That surplus last year was a positive number. If I see for the 
9 months, that surplus was Rs 39 odd crores, now it's Rs 54 crores loss. So, is this referring to 
non-par savings? What has changed this year, why surplus is negative big time? 
Eshwari Murugan: 
Okay. Because the non-par savings has grown higher compared to the surplus generation from 
the back book, there is a net strain overall in the non-par savings book, which is why you see a 
negative number in the LODR surplus, is what you're referring to? 
Avinash Singh: 
Yes. 
Eshwari Murugan: 
So last year, the growth was lower. The EB surplus was more than sufficient to offset the strain. 
This year, it is slightly reverse because of the higher growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Suresh Ganapathy from Macquarie Capital.  

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
7 
 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
Sorry Vibha, on this bancassurance just to understand, as per the data disclosure, 60% of the 
overall APE comes from bancassurance, right? You're saying 35%, didn't get that. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Yes, this is APE. Anything that is done with the regulator and in our regulatory filings, APE is 
nowhere in the picture. APE is a common industry metric in terms of weightage of single 
premium and so on. Even in the way Life Council’s numbers come out, the only thing being 
looked at is received premium, which is cash received. And hence, these are the numbers if I 
were to look at on a received premium basis. 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
Then what should we look at for like-to-like disclosure for everybody in the system? For APE, 
on basis of that, you are at 60%, somebody as is 50%-55%, right? But you're saying the regulator 
will not look on APE basis. Is that the way you are arguing? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
No. So, what I'm saying is, first of all, we don't know whether regulator is looking at anything 
because the only news flow is from a channel. We have not heard anything from the regulator. 
I'm saying that as a percentage of anything, whether it is expense of management, there's no 
place in expense of management for an APE number, right? So, I'm saying that if a calculation 
had to be done, it has to be done based on how we report it in the financials as well as in the 
public disclosure.  
Niraj Shah: 
Suresh, in fact, if you just look at any of the data that comes out of Life Council, firstly there is 
overall premium. That includes all businesses, including group. And then you have individual 
business, and within that, there are segments, but everything is about first year and renewals. 
There is nothing about anything which is equated. That's just a convention used to basically 
explain some of the businesses that we do. But as such, the segments that get reported even at a 
granular level are only about new business and received premium. So that is something that can 
be used as a fairly straightforward measure to assess any of these things, if at all, it's getting 
assessed. 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
So what I was arguing here is that, is there a thought process of the Board as well as the 
management to say,  it's always better to reduce the concentration risk of any channel 
structurally. And within that also, a dependence on HDFC Bank or whatever partner you're 
talking about. Ideally speaking, you want to distribute and diversify the channel. So, longer term, 
you will be focusing perhaps much more in some of the other channels. Is that the thought 
process that you guys are considering? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
So, that has been the case even without this news flow. If you look at our investor presentation, 
one of our core stated strategies has been this diversification, and we've also talked about 
growing agency channel very specifically. It's more in recent times that the number has gone up 
to some extent. 
 
It's not just that bancassurance has gone up. But for various reasons, including tax changes being 
one of the single biggest reasons for our agency channel over the last couple of years being a tad 
weaker than normal. 
 
So, nothing really in terms of that this is causing a change in strategy. If you were to look at 
Slide 10 of our investor presentation, at least for the last 7-8 years to my memory, you will find 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
8 
 
the same slide, which is when you see point number two, it is diversified distribution mix. So, it 
will just be sharpening, accelerating that and so on, which we will do in the normal course. 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
Okay. Just one last question on the liberalization of the agency model itself, do you think we are 
a bit too early to talk about that? And the challenge there is that we follow tied agency model. 
What happens when you try to free that up because that's what perhaps is also mentioned in the 
amendment to the Insurance Act, and the news reports are also talking about liberalizing. What's 
your view on that? 
Vineet Arora: 
So, I think it's a little too early. But just from a point of view on how this channel does operate, 
clearly, if agents today need multiple products, do have methods of having themselves their 
colleagues, etcetera to take multiple licenses and they would operate with that. 
 
I don't see one agent taking too many companies just because it gets opened up, but they would 
want to continue to restrict themselves to the few companies that provide product differentiation, 
service differentiation, etcetera. But as of now until the time this really gets passed and the entire 
notification happens with proper guidelines being drafted, I think it’s going to take some time 
for this to really get the ground. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from Nischint Chawathe from Kotak Institutional Equities.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. This is actually on growth. You mentioned somewhere that 
on your growth during the quarter, you're broadly in line with the market. What we have seen is 
that quite a few of the larger peers have slowed down in the last couple of months. So, do you 
see this as an immediate term impact of the change in surrender value guidelines where probably 
some part of the strain has been picked up by distributors? And in that sense, after fairly strong 
activity in first half, do you really see next couple of months being softer by the distribution 
channels. 
Vineet Arora: 
I think the surrender guidelines change was practically an industry event. The distributors and 
the companies were able to really have a logical discussion and do an equitable participation on 
the entire impact of it. So, I don't really think that caused any kind of slowdown. It's largely a 
base impact that at the industry level and our level has led to this. This is across channels also, 
like I said earlier, all channels have contributed equally. And the growth is also broad-based. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
But do you see sort of similar run rate continuing or do you expect things to sort of pick up as 
we go towards the end of the year? 
Vineet Arora: 
So, towards the end of the year, we always see seasonality coming in, and that seasonality does 
help in picking up the run rate. We do expect that to happen in JFM also, to be able to pick up 
what we have been guiding as our annual numbers. I think we do expect that to happen. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Sure. And I think from a slightly more medium-term point of view, do you see the overall ULIP 
shares coming down, maybe not like in next 1 quarter, but maybe over the next 4 quarters, do 
you see the ULIP share coming down? And in that sense, getting a little bit of a lift in terms of 
margins? 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
9 
 
Vibha Padalkar: 
See, there is a close correlation between ULIP and the markets. And I've seen over the past 1.5 
decades that it’s with a 9- to 12-month lag. If markets continue to remain volatile, then ULIP 
starts coming off and maybe that's how it will pan out again. And that's why, regardless of what's 
happening in the market, this is our other stated core strategy that balanced product mix is 
important. 
 
So that a distribution line doesn't get used to just selling one kind of product that is relatively 
easy to sell because of the market, but it has to be balanced. So, we are not overthinking as to 
where ULIP might be or might not be. Because regardless some peers selling over 50% ULIPs, 
we have remained range bound. And in the past also, when we launched Sanchay Plus, again, 
we reigned it in, and that's what we will do to some extent, regardless of whatever else is 
happening. So on margins, yes, with ULIPs coming down and ceteris paribus, then yes, that will 
aid margins. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi.  
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Few questions from my side. One, if I look at the HDFC Bank channel, while you mentioned 
that your counter share has kind of stabilized around 65%, just wanted to get some sense of 
whether you also look at the VNB counter share in that channel? Or in other words, in terms of 
product mix that you're getting from the channel and whether there is kind of levers available to 
improve that, now that the counter share has stabilized. And if so, what steps are you really 
taking in that direction? 
 
And the second is the data keeping question, for the quarter or the 9 months, if you can just spell 
out, what would be the growth at HDFC Bank and other banks separately? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
On the first question, Dipanjan, yes, we are working to make it a win-win on the right product 
mix. Without sharing too much, looking at product mix at a broad level, we do put out data in 
terms of bancassurance and how much is the mix in bancassurance. 
 
At slide 16 of our investor presentation, if you look at banca, you will see that term is only 4% 
of what banca sells while if I were to pick agency, term is close to 10%, so 2.5x where they are. 
So even baby steps on 50% of our business can make a very material impact.  
So that is one. Second is in terms of what is the optimum manpower, and do we really need more 
and more people at their branches. 
 
I think we have a fair bit of commonality now in our thought process as to what is optimal 
manpower level because the bank is also there for banking business. So just flooding branches 
with people probably is not the best approach to take. And there are a couple of other levers on 
how are we using more and more of digital solutions. So yes, we are working very closely on 
many small and big initiatives to get that margin to inch up. 
Vineet Arora: 
And I think your question around HDFC Bank growth, for the year, we have seen HDFC Bank 
growing at 20%. And for the quarter, it's around 10%, where we have seen the base impact of 
last year also coming in. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
10 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Nidhesh Jain from Investec.  
Nidhesh Jain: 
First question is on bancassurance. What are the next steps that you are expecting from regulator 
on bancassurance? Do you expect a draft or discussion with the regulator, because that is 
becoming a bit of overhang for the entire sector? So, as you mentioned that there is no 
communication from the regulators, but what are the expectations that you have now? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
So, expecting nothing Nidhesh. Because we have our work cut out. We know that we as a sector, 
are responsible in how we're looking at multiple factors, more de-risking, complaints, giving 
customer a choice and so on.  
Like I mentioned, if there's any concern, it is already being talked about because maybe I just 
need to remind that we did have a draft paper that was issued by the regulator. There were 
discussions. We did go back in terms of some of the tightening of the processes and so on. And 
I'm sure us and many of our peers have already rolled that out in terms of tightening the sales 
and servicing process. So that's where it is at this point in time.  
A couple of points here, which I'm sure everyone knows that bancassurance does play a very 
important role. One data point to chew on is that the number of touch points of banks is 
comfortably 10x of the touch points of all life insurance companies. So, do we want to miss out 
on those touch points? Second is that if you see insurance penetration, life insurance penetration 
in the recently issued annual report of our regulator that also shows a downward trend. So, given 
that, is it a time to really reduce the touch points. 
So that's where it is at this point in time. Like we mentioned to the earlier caller, we are focused 
on more broad-basing distribution. This is not new, we will continue to work on it. And there 
are many other things also up our sleeve in terms of not only organic but also inorganic solutions.  
It's difficult to give an answer because you don't know what the question is. And we will, of 
course, continue to ensure that what the regulator has in mind in terms of best product, most 
transparent, best service, ease of on boarding, transparency is provided to our customers. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sure. Secondly, on the VNB margin. Sequential improvement in VNB margin is driven by ULIP 
VNB margin improving. Is that right understanding? 
Niraj Shah: 
No, it's not just Unit Linked margin improving. Its inherent margins across the board improving. 
Unit Linked definitely plays a part there because we're able to attach higher levels of protection 
and over the period of time persistency is improving. So largely that really is contributing to 
that. And, of course, the gap looks larger than what it actually is because of the repricing lag that 
we had in the previous quarter.  
Once you normalize for that, then the gap is just about 60-70 bps in our view and that can be 
explained by some adverse product mix because of Unit Linked being higher and the inherent 
pricing more than compensating for that along with the surrender value regulations gap of about 
30 bps for the quarter. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
11 
 
Nidhesh Jain: 
So just to clarify there's no one-off thing on the margins. Because last quarter, there was a one-
off of lagging pricing. This quarter we have seen interest rates have gone up through the quarter. 
So, because of that we have not got any benefit in our margins in this quarter? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
I can clarify that there are no one-offs in this quarter. These are inherent margin improvements. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Supratim Datta from Ambit.  
Supratim Datta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on agency. Now you have been making 
investments in that channel. However, if I look at the growth rates on a quarterly basis it has 
been fluctuating. So just wanted to understand when should we start seeing these investments 
that you're making start delivering fruit? And what have been the challenges. You have been 
making investments in this channel for nearly 2 years. So, what have been the challenges that 
you have faced and how you are trying to address that? So, could you give some color on that, 
that would be helpful. 
Now moving to Credit Life. Now it contributes around 6%-7% of your APE. And recent 
comments from the FM suggests that banks could look at reducing the cost of borrowing, 
particularly with respect to insurance. So, are you hearing from your channel partners any 
rationalization on the products that they are attaching with loans or what could you do to improve 
the product proposition there better? And then the corollary to that is how would that result in 
the margins moving in that product, given it's a fairly high-margin product.  
And lastly coming to the recent data breach, could you give us an update on what happened, 
what have you done to address that? You have been investing in technology to improve the 
processes. So why did it happen? What has been done to address that? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Yes, I'll take the data breach. So, nothing further than what we had reported to the exchanges. 
But in the meantime, we have obviously strengthened and closed wherever the leak was from. 
It was identified very swiftly and we have closed that. Fortunately, no material impact on the 
company's operations as well as from a customer servicing point of view.  
Since then, a lot of tightening has been done and we have looked at robust security across our 
IT environment. We also have been working closely with a couple of external partners who are 
doing an independent audit and a review of our entire system.  
We have also obtained an injunction from Mumbai High Court. This is to prevent the circulation 
of leaked customer data. This is just a pre-emptive measure that we again obtained very swiftly, 
so that was fairly reassuring for us while we put in a lot of controls to stem anything further. So, 
we are in that stage now. And we're kicking off each and every aspect of our IT networks, cloud, 
our APIs so that we ourselves and the Board are fairly reassured that it's fairly water tight. 
Vineet Arora: 
Yes. Coming to your question on agency, the agency growth this year has been 19%, which is 
quite in line with what we have grown as an organization. Last year we had seen a lower growth 
and that largely came in from the impact that we have on greater than Rs 5 lakh regulation which 
changed there the tax benefit was changed. So that saw some impact and lastly, channel took 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
12 
 
some time to recalibrate, retrain all the agents, et cetera to pick up products with the new story 
and everything else. 
Within that also, we have now been able to clearly establish a very strong product mix in the 
agency channel. Term contribution for agency is one of the highest in the organization. So that 
brings in a good profitable mix for the agency channel as well. UL is lower than the entire 
company level at agency channel.  
And also, this entire initiative of attaching more sum assured to UL is also working well in that 
channel. I think the investment in agency then continues. The growth has come back this year. 
And we are also confident that this investment will result in good margin as well as higher 
growth going forward. 
We also added a lot of agents in this year. We've also expanded by adding nearly 65* branches 
this year, that expansion of branches will also continue. Our mix from not just Tier 1, but Tier 2 
and Tier 3 is also high, thanks to this channel. 
*65 new branches have been added during the period 9MFY25, erroneously mentioned as 35 by 
the speaker 
Supratim Datta: 
Got it. And of Credit Life? 
Vineet Arora: 
Yes. So, on the Credit Life, the entire suppression of this is coming from the MFI segment and 
the MFI segment has been suppressed because of the NPAs and all the action happening around 
the banking space and the lending space. So, every other line of business in Credit Life has been 
stable. We have seen MFI getting impacted.  
Now the question about the noise around cost of insurance over loan, the MFIN guidelines also 
which came out I think two months back, also very clearly stated that insurance is a critical 
factor especially in the segment of MFI because it hence covers the loan in an eventuality.  
So, RBI also recognizes that and MFIN also very well-articulated that in the entire circular. So, 
it's very much part of the proposition, good for banks, good for customers, it's a clear win-win 
strategy. And these products today also fit in that bracket of the cost that RBI allows these 
NBFCs and the banks to charge the MFI customers. We don't really see an impact. It's an impact 
more because the total disbursements have come down. Once that cycle starts to come back the 
business should also come back. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark.  
Sanketh Godha: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Niraj you said that in the third quarter the margin impact is 30 
basis points. So, our previous guidance was if we don't change anything then it will be 100 basis 
points. So, naturally that 30 bps impact is much lower compared to what you told initially in the 
front-end rules at 100 bps.  

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
13 
 
So, is it because of clawback in commissions or IRR change or attachment of more riders? What 
has played a role for the impact to be lower compared to what initially we anticipated it to be 
100 bps? So that's my first question. 
Niraj Shah: 
Sanketh, if you recollect what we had said at the time when the regulations came out in our 
exchange notice was that on a gross basis we expect an impact of 100 bps if we do not make any 
changes. And our intent was to try and see what we need to do in terms of sharing whatever pain 
there is with the distribution and trying and keeping the customer proposition intact.  
And given that our reliance on the earlier regulation in terms of our profitability was very low 
as we had shown in one of the slides of our investor presentation. We did not really need to touch 
the customer proposition at all. In fact, because of our disciplined pricing approach, whatever 
pricing was warranted by changes in the interest rate, we were anyway doing. So, we do not 
need to do anything in addition to that after the surrender value regulations.  
In fact, that data is all available in the public domain in terms of how pricing has changed after 
October 1 for various players, you can look us up on that also. As far as the impact of 30 bps for 
the three months is concerned, it's more a function of having put some of these new arrangements 
in place in terms of claw-backs, deferments and reduction in commission to some extent.  
Those on an annualized basis, we expect the impact to be closer to what we reported for nine 
months. It's 10 bps because it's only been three months since the regulation has come in. But our 
endeavor will be to try and keep it as close to 20-30 bps on an annualized basis going forward 
as well because that's basically more in terms of sharing this burden with our distributors and 
leaving our customer proposition intact. 
Sanketh Godha: 
So, to summarize it is largely because of the pay-out structure change to the distributors played 
the role in containing the impact of the margin? 
Niraj Shah: 
Yes. So basically, we're trying to isolate the impact of these regulations and that's the reason 
why we've completely kept it as if nothing has changed and only if the surrender value with 
regulations change, this would be the impact, just to make it easier for everyone to appreciate. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it. Perfect. And this clawback thing you implemented for the entire quarter fully or it was 
partial and therefore the benefit might be more in fourth quarter relatively? Just wanted to 
understand that part, when we had the second result call, you still mentioned that you were in 
discussion phase. So, I'm assuming it was partial for the current quarter. I mean if it is for the 
full quarter, the benefit would have been a little higher? 
Niraj Shah: 
That is correct. So, some of the arrangements are in place. Some of the arrangements come into 
effect as we go forward in quarter 4 as well. 
Vineet Arora: 
Yes. So, some arrangements would be there, but a lot of our arrangements are under discussion 
to have an impact from first of October only. So, I don't see there would be more benefit coming 
in the next quarter. So, this would be the benefit. And whatever is left right now is a very small 
percentage of our business. I would not have the exact number, but maybe 90%- 95% of business 
is already discussed and closed. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
14 
 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it. Perfect. And the second question was that your unwind rate in the nine months looks to 
be lower at 7.3% compared to almost 8% in first half. So, anything to read there why unwind 
rate has come down?  
And the other question which I had is that your deeper bucket persistency has improved 
meaningfully. The 61 month is at 780 bps better. And if I look at the presentation it seems to be 
largely coming from traditional products. So, if you can give a bit of color what led to this 
improvement in the persistency, is behavior better than expected and that also helped in kicking 
the margins up. Just wanted to understand that point. 
Eshwari Murugan: 
So, on the unwind rate it has remained same as in H1. It's 8.1%. And as we have explained earlier 
as well, the unwind rate is based on the economic environment at the start of the year. It's based 
on the investment return on the debt or the assets that the policyholder funds are invested in as 
well as shareholder funds. And that has been fixed at 8.1%, and that is what has been consistently 
reported in all the 3 quarters. So, I don't see a decline in the unwind rate which you're referring 
to. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay. Maybe I will do the calculation again. Sorry, on that part. And on persistency, if you can 
give a bit of more color - any benefit on margin? 
Eshwari Murugan: 
Yes, the increase in the 61st month persistency, it is relating to the cohort of policies we sold 5 
years back. That was a year where the non-par guaranteed IRR products were introduced and 
these products have had a much better persistency right from the 13th month. And that is now 
getting reflected in the 61st month. And sometimes the experience may be different from what 
is assumed. 
 
And that will get reflected, but it's not very different because if you see the operating variance 
in our EV walk, that's always been a small positive. So, it's not going to be a big material 
difference from the assumptions that we have. But whenever we see this experience, we keep 
truing up the assumptions. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from Swarnabha Mukherjee from B&K Securities. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. So, I just wanted to understand on the surrender charges that 
10 bps or the 30 bps number you alluded to. What I understood was, this would largely factor in 
the impact of the higher payout. So just wanted to understand that whether you have factored in 
any kind of change in the lapsation behavior, maybe not immediately, but, say, third or fourth 
year down the line of the policy, so whether that is there? And also like over the next 2-3 or 4 
quarters, would we expect that this number to broadly be remaining in this range going forward?  
And also, in terms of the persistency that you are discussing, I think, on a nine-month basis, if 
the number looks fairly strong. It has been stuck even in the longer duration cohort. If I look at 
second quarter versus third quarter, that number has come off across cohorts. So just wanted to 
understand whether there is anything more to read into this apart from the fact that maybe last 
year same quarter, the new mix have started to go up. So, these were the 2 questions. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
15 
 
Niraj Shah: 
Yes. On the surrender values, when the regulations were announced, we had actually added a 
disclosure in our investor presentation last time, which basically said that all the impact of the 
surrender value regulation change for us is in the second year and there is no impact thereafter. 
And the reason for that is basically pretty much the entire book stays on the books either as 
premium paying or as paid-up policies. 
So, we have not changed any assumptions on whether more or lesser number of customers will 
continue with the policy or they'll surrender or they'll lapse or they do any of that. So, there's no 
change in any of our assumptions. This entire change is flowing as a consequence of the 
enhanced value that needs to be paid to customers if the second premium does not come in. 
And that is what we had articulated as 100 basis points on a gross basis. And what we just 
reported now was 30 basis points for the quarter on a net basis after making whatever changes 
that we had to from a distribution perspective and our own operations without changing anything 
from a customer perspective. 
So also, what we had mentioned is that given that the surrender value will now build up in a 
different way compared to what it was building up earlier, whether a customer decides to 
surrender earlier or stay paid up does not really affect us economically. We of course, would 
want the customer to stay in the policy, continue paying premiums. If not that, then be paid up 
and stay in the policy. But if they still choose to surrender, we will not be any worse off 
economically given the way the benefits are structured from a regulatory perspective. 
Eshwari Murugan: 
Just to add, we have not assumed any improving persistency in our margin calculation. If there's 
an improvement in the persistency because of the way that distribution payout has been now 
structured to align with the persistency, there will be an upside in the margins. But that has not 
been currently factored in because we have to see the experience, how that emerges. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Understood. And would it be safe to assume that before you update any kind of assumptions 
going forward, maybe after a year or so, this is likely going to be the benefit over the next 3 
quarters also. Could that be a fair assumption? 
Eshwari Murugan: 
Yes, that's right. Yes. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Okay. And if you could respond to the persistency question on a quarterly basis how to look at 
it? 
Eshwari Murugan: 
So, at a generic level, I would like to say that the 3 months ratios are generally influenced by a 
lot of factors, there will be a collection trend. Generally, we see that, for some reason, the Q3 is 
a little low in collection, maybe due to festivals and that the collection pattern actually picks up 
in the subsequent quarter, which is the JFM. That is why looking at the quarterly trends may not 
give the right picture.  
It also depends on other things like product mix, etcetera, and that's why from 25 to 49 months, 
the drop that you see is mainly because of the difference in the collection pattern that we have. 
Otherwise, on a 12-month rolling basis, the persistency is improving. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
16 
 
On 13 months, typically, the higher UL mix that we had in the last year, that is resulting in a 
slightly lower persistency. But here also, we believe that given the improvement on a 12-month 
basis in quarter 4, this should pick up. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Understood. Just a quick one. So, I think as an alternative to customer surrendering, this product 
- loan against insurance, is also what you have been doing. So that is, I think, one of the methods 
that have been kind of discussed that will be used to circumvent the challenges of surrendering 
of customers. 
So just wanted to understand how this segment is playing out for you guys? What are your 
thoughts on that? And as it picks up, how should we think about how the revenue will get booked 
and what would be the arrangement, whether you will do it yourself or you tying up with a 
lender? If you can give some color on that. 
                                                In case of like once there is a surrender requirement, loan against the insurance is offered, against 
whatever is the surrender value of the insurance product. Sometimes loan is given out rather than 
doing a surrender of the policy. So, wanted to understand that part. 
Niraj Shah: 
Yes. Okay. So, the loan value is obviously linked to surrender value. You are right. And higher 
surrender value higher the loan eligibility, definitely. So, we definitely believe that a loan against 
policy is a very efficient way for the customer to utilize their own resources. And for us, it works 
like a fully secured loan in that sense. 
So as such, it works for everybody. Whether this will change customer behavior remains to be 
seen. But everything else remaining the same, our customer will be able to I guess, avail of a 
higher loan compared to what they were earlier on their policy because the surrender value will 
improve. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Aditi Joshi from JPMorgan. 
Aditi Joshi: 
On the commission structure, is it possible for you to share which all channels have resorted to 
the changed commission structure, either claw back or reduction in commission across the bank 
agency and the brokers.  
Vineet Arora: 
So, I think like you articulated, we have a combination of these three things, which means the 
claw-back, deferment and reduction. And depending on partner and depending on business 
models, etcetera, various combination of these three factors would have been taken in. So, there 
is no one standard approach to say that this channel has been approached with a particular 
method.  
All these three, and as a combination or as individual are the methods that have been used to 
close the negotiations. 
Aditi Joshi: 
Okay. And can I ask that all these negotiations are going on across all the channels, no matter in 
which form its going on, but is it across the channels or 1-2 channels, any channels that you 
would like to highlight as somewhat lagging. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
17 
 
Vineet Arora: 
So, like I said, this is more or less a done deal from our side. And about 90%-95% of our business 
are already closed. Certain partners, not specific to any channels, have their internal approval 
process, etcetera, which might be taking slightly longer, but that should also get closed in the 
next few weeks or maybe a month. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Neeraj Toshniwal from UBS Securities. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Most of my questions have been answered. Just on the competitive intensity, how do we see 
things changing post surrender norms getting implemented. Should we see IRR getting 
actualized and the protection going up but wanted more sense how you are thinking about it? 
Niraj Shah: 
So, as we mentioned, we have not made any changes to our pricing, whether it's on protection 
or non-par savings or annuities, but we definitely have seen some downward revision in pricing 
from some of our peers. And I guess, the only thing that we could correlate it to, apart from 
changing interest rate environment, which applies equally for everybody was the differential 
impact of the surrender value guidelines. 
I guess that's the only thing which we could impute from some of the reactions that we've seen 
across the sector. So that's just the way we've seen it. We have seen non-par pricing, non-par 
IRRs come down. We've seen annuity prices being revised downwards. We've also seen term 
prices increase. So, we've seen a combination of all these measures across the sector. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Got it. And does it really help big players like you and others,  I mean the private players to gain 
market share out of this given the environmental factors have improved? Are we able to leverage 
and gain disproportionately out of this? 
Niraj Shah: 
It's difficult to say. It's just been 3 months. So, we'll have to wait and see how some of these 
things pan out. But yes, if you were to look at market share, has it expanded for us in this quarter? 
It has. Has it expanded in nine months? It has. This could be one of the reasons, but obviously, 
a large part of it would be our own operations and this expanding distribution as well as all our 
channels. That's the way we look at it.  
Over a period of time, we do expect some of these regulations, which we believe, be beneficial 
for companies who are relatively more, let's say, balanced in their approach, whether it's in terms 
of listing requirement or in terms of implementation of risk-based capital or IFRS. So, all of 
these things would definitely, we believe, help companies who are taking a more balanced view 
of the business. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Rishi Jhunjhunwala from IIFL Institutional Equities.  
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
So, in this quarter, the impact of surrender on a net basis has been 30 basis points in the margins 
and you still have some of the benefit from a full quarter impact of clawback of commissions to 
play out. So, is it fair to say that keeping everything in place, the overall impact of surrender 
regulations on our business will eventually end up being lower than 30 basis points? 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
18 
 
Niraj Shah: 
Like we had mentioned, there is no further benefit in quarter 4 from implementation of these 
distribution arrangements. But I mean, if you were to just annualize the numbers, will it land 
somewhere between 10-30 bps, mathematically, it looks like it will. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal.  
Prayesh Jain: 
Just one question on the protection business, and that's mainly on retail & pure term business. 
How are you thinking about this business and some granularity if you can share as to how the 
behavior is? As you enter the lower tier cities more, what is the kind of ticket sizes?  
And just 1 more thing on the Tier 2, Tier 3 strategy. Vibha, we spoke about this a couple of 
quarters back and you mentioned that the persistency and all things will evolve and eventually, 
you cannot have a differentiated pricing between geographies, but then you will have to figure 
out in some way the impact that could be there from a lower persistency or a higher mortality, 
and some capital charge or some kind of charge would have to be levied and that could impact 
margins. Are there any thoughts around it, has that evolved and can come into the picture now? 
So yes, those are 2 questions. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Yes. So happy to share that our growth in retail protection has been very secular. Just to recap, 
overall, our growth was 28%. Tier 1 was in the early '20s and Tier 2 and Tier 3 put together were 
in the early 30s and thereby giving an average of 28%. So, happy with that, and that was the 
intention as well. 
 
Now there are different preferences. While products might be the same, but there are different 
preferences in terms of whether it is return of the premium or regular pay and so on. So, those 
nuances, we will continue to calibrate. We will also look at affordability, what kind of alternative 
underwriting tools that we have, what kind of modes of payment work, what kind of claims 
experience, persistency and so on. So, it's an ongoing learning for us, but we continue to do fairly 
well in all 3 Tiers in our country. 
 
And also, what is noteworthy is that the ticket sizes don't drop significantly between the tiers. 
So, we've also articulated that our focus or baby steps will be on the upper quartile or the top 
quartile of Tier 2 and top quartile of Tier 3. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Himanshu Taluja from Aditya Birla Sunlife AMC Limited. 
Himanshu Taluja: 
Given now the most of the surrender norms impact is largely over and you have delivered the 
VNB margin of 26.1% for the quarter, can we say that the margins have broadly bottomed out? 
Assuming not a very significant change in the product mix that will happen over the next 6-9 
months. How do you expect this VNB margin trajectory to behave over the near to medium 
term? 
 
And the second part of the question is, what led to the slowdown in the agency channel? And 
how do you expect it to behave over the next 6 months?  
 
And lastly, if in the insurance amendment bill, if this open architecture in agency comes and 
passes-through, how do you expect this to behave, particularly for the industry? 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
19 
 
Niraj Shah: 
Yes. On the VNB margins, we'll basically just reiterate our outlook that we were gunning for 
after the first quarter, we basically said that we will try and get to 18%-20% APE growth and 
try and deliver a VNB growth of upwards of 15%. We believe that is something we are on course 
to deliver. We've not changed any of our aspirations on that front. 
 
And to your question in terms of on a quarterly basis for this year, have the margins bottomed 
out? We are still in the quarter, so we don't know, but a couple of things we can maybe look at. 
One is that we definitely expect the scale of business to be a lot higher in quarter 4 compared to 
any other quarter in the year. 
 
We don't expect any significant deterioration in product mix. So, putting those two together, we 
can expect margins to be in a similar zone or maybe slightly better. But honestly, that's not 
something that we are really solving for. What we are solving for is trying to deliver a VNB 
growth. 
 
So, we will try and see what growth opportunity is there in front of us, and then we will take a 
view in terms of what product mix really solves for that and try and get to the VNB growth 
answer. 
Vineet Arora: 
And answering your agency question, I think I will repeat my comment there. This year, the 
growth on agency, we have seen it to be 19%, which is pretty much in line with what we have 
seen at the organization level, maybe just a tad bit lower. The lower growth from Agency, we 
had seen last year, and that was primarily due to the tax changes which happened on the greater 
than Rs 5 lakh policies. And because the distribution was aligned to that particular product 
category a lot more, it took some time for them to realign themselves. 
Himanshu Taluja: 
Yes. And anything on if this open architecture in the agency channel also comes, how do you 
expect to behave for the industry? And because we have a lot of unlisted peers as well, where 
the profit could be operated in a different profit pool band as well. Overall, how do you expect 
the benefits to play out if this gets passed through? 
Vineet Arora: 
So, like I said, most of the agents, which are top agent for any company and do a reasonable 
amount of business, they do have within their friends and families multiple company products 
available for themselves. So, I don't think at that segment, it will make much of a difference. 
 
For the other agents also. I mean, depending on the size of business that they do, if they need 
multiple products from different companies, I think that will open an opportunity for them to 
pick up the best suitable product that they might need for their customers. Will it impact us? I 
don't, at this point, anticipate much impact because of this. If any, it would have positives also 
available to us. 
 
So, I think once the guideline comes out and the entire operational details also get notified, we 
might be in a better position to anticipate and analyse the impact. But as of now, I don't see any 
impact from this. 
Himanshu Taluja: 
Sure, thanks. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
20 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Raghvesh from JM Financial.  
Raghvesh: 
Congrats on a strong set of numbers. So broadly on ULIP, we have been selling higher sum 
assured variants since the last year. So, what has changed in this quarter? Are we attaching higher 
sum assured as compared to what we were doing earlier? Or has the proportion of people 
choosing the higher sum assured variant increased? And if that has been specific to any channel? 
Niraj Shah: 
So, what has happened is that our journey of enhancing the level of protection in all our products, 
including Unit Linked products started sometime last year at scale. Of course, the efforts were 
being made earlier as well, but we started picking up a lot of scale once the Unit Linked volumes 
also started increasing. 
 
But of course, they've gone to the next level in this period that has resulted in some of the 
improvements that we spoke about, both in terms of a higher proportion of business being sold 
at higher levels of some sum assured and rider attachment as well. And within riders as well, I 
think now we are getting to a stage where people are looking at riders differently compared to 
when it started out with a very low level of coverage, that was being sought out earlier. 
 
Now things are changing. People are getting more and more nuanced about it. Customers realize 
that this is a very efficient way of buying more coverage while buying a savings product. So, 
some of these behavioral changes are definitely healthy. And also, of course, persistency is 
improving. So, some of these aspects add up as far as the behavior is concerned. 
Vineet Arora: 
So, I'll just add maybe one more point there is that our experience of the last maybe a year plus 
has also helped us identify those sweet spots where we get good persistency and a good coverage 
and the focus on those cohorts have increased, it has helped us increase this number. 
Raghvesh: 
Okay. So, in the old policies before the new surrender norms, essentially no people were 
surrendering after the second year, they were just keeping policies paid up. So, you were not 
making surrender profits. Now even if they surrender, there will be no loss to you, at the same 
time, there will be no profit, as you said, right? 
Niraj Shah: 
Exactly. That was the whole objective of giving you that data point last time that for us, the 
impact is largely related to whether people pay the second premium on no, nothing after that. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Prithvish Uppal from Elara Securities.  
Prithvish Uppal: 
I just wanted a sort of clarification on the first year commission number that seems to be north 
of 50% for this particular quarter. So, with the implementation on commission deferment and 
clawback, just wanted to get some sense on where the reconciliation is with this number because 
it seems higher sequentially. 
Niraj Shah: 
Actually, if you were to look at it, we've had changes in regulations that happened over the last 
year. Looking at our total expense ratio, that has changed from 19.5% to 20.2% in this period. 
So that basically encompasses all expenses, including what is our cost of acquisition, what is our 
direct cost and overheads. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 15, 2025 
21 
 
 
So as such, that basically gets subsumed in our accounting profit as well as in the value of new 
business. The change is not anywhere as dramatic as some of the line elements might be 
indicating. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
And just to add. So overall, if you were to look at the commission plus expenses, the growth has 
been about 15% in the quarter. Which is largely in line with overall growth. 
Prithvish Uppal: 
Okay. Because even in the commission norms that have been placed last quarter, the rise in first 
year commission would offset the lower opex. So, there's nothing much to read into it. That's 
what you're basically indicating? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Yes, you just have to look at overall new business cost. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I now hand the conference 
over to Ms. Vibha Padalkar for closing comments. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining today's call. Please feel free to reach out to our IR team in case 
of any queries. Have a great evening. 
