 
 
 
Ref. No.: ABSLAMCL/PS/157/2024-25        
                                                                February 1, 2025        
 
BSE Limited                                               
                        National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,   
 
                        Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Dalal Street Mumbai - 400 001  
 
                        Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Scrip Code: 543374   
 
 
                        Bandra Kurla Complex, 
  
 
 
 
 
                                    Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051  
                                                                                                 Symbol: ABSLAMC 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and nine months ended  
  December 31, 2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on Unaudited Financial Results 
for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024, held on Tuesday, January 28, 2025.   
 
The 
above 
information 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Company 
at 
https://mutualfund.adityabirlacapital.com/shareholders/financials. 
 
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours sincerely,  
 
For Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
 
 
 
 
Prateek Savla 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ACS 29500 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Prateek Mahesh 
Savla
Digitally signed by Prateek 
Mahesh Savla 
Date: 2025.02.01 12:51:56 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
  
 
“Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
Tuesday, 28th January 2025 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT TEAM: 
 
• MR. A BALASUBRAMANIAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
• MR. PRADEEP SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
• MR. PRAKASH BHOGALE – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
 
 
 
 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 28th January 2025 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Aditya Birla Sun Life Asset Management 
Company Limited Q3 & 9M FY25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by InCred Equities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jignesh Shial from InCred Equities. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Jignesh Shial: 
Thank you, Manav. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of InCred Equities, I welcome all to 
this Aditya Birla Sun Life Asset Management Company Limited 3Q FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
We have along with us Mr. A. Balasubramanian – Managing Director & CEO, along with the 
Senior Management Team of Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC. 
We are thankful to the Management for allowing us this opportunity. I would now like to hand 
it over to Mr. A. Balasubramanian – Managing Director and CEO of Aditya Birla Sun Life 
AMC for his opening remarks. Over to you, Sir. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Thanks, Jignesh. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining today's Investors Call. I 
hope you all have the opportunity to see the Earnings Presentation, which has been posted on 
the exchange as well as on our website. Let me begin with the economic outlook very quickly 
and give an update on the MF Industry as well. 
The current global macroeconomic landscape presents a mixed picture of challenges and some 
bit of cautions to outcome with optimism. Global growth is expected to remain stable, with 
most forecast placing it around 3% - 3.2%. Central banks are now likely to maintain a cautious 
stance on monetary policies, and continuing their gradual normalization of interest rates after 
a period of tightening. Global markets have experienced increased volatility, leading up to  new 
administration of US taking power. We expect this volatility to subside in Q1 CY2025, once 
there is a greater clarity on the policies of the new administration.  
Against this backdrop, India is expected to maintain its position as one of the fastest-growing 
major economies, with a GDP growth for 2025 estimated at about 6.5% and India's economic 
outlook remains though its positive, supported by strong domestic fundamentals and favorable 
government policies, they might also participate in the recent volatility of the international 
global market. Inflation is also showing signs of moderation, with the RBI actively managing 
it through effective monetary policy measures. We expect a balanced recovery, with a 
moderate uptick in both private investments and consumption.  

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 28th January 2025 
Page 3 of 16 
 
The Indian equity market is currently witnessing significant volatility, driven by a mix of 
global and domestic factors. Rising inflation, potential trade-related issues, and global market 
turbulence due to geopolitical tensions and economic uncertainties are fueling price 
fluctuations and despite global uncertainties and domestic challenges, Indian economic 
resilience, policy reforms, and growing retail participation should continue to fuel investor’s 
confidence in the market. 
Coming to the Mutual Fund industry. The industry has witnessed a record-breaking growth in 
2024, reaching an all-time AUM high of over ₹68 lakh crores. As of 31st December 2024, the 
Mutual Fund Industry’s Quarterly Average AUM reached ₹68 lakh crores as compared to ₹49 
lakh crores as of 31st December 2023, growing by about 39% on a year-on-year basis. 
During Q3 FY25, the Mutual Fund industry witnessed Equity net sales of around ₹1,63,000 
crores through new fund offerings and also inflows in existing funds. The total NFO collections 
in Equity Funds were around ₹19,400 crores, majorly coming from sectoral and thematic 
funds.  
The industry’s SIP continued to show good growth with 50% year-on-year growth to around 
₹26,500 crores in December 2024 with 5.26 crores unique customer base. The total number of 
mutual fund folios stood at around 22.8 crores with a year-on-year increase of 37%.  
The individual average AUM grew by 39%, year-on-year from ₹30.70 lakh crores to  
₹42.58 lakh crores, and contributed 61% of the total assets under management. These are also 
on the back of institutional AUM have remained somewhat flat for the last two years for a 
variety of reasons including the withdrawal of tax which we saw last year. B30 cities with an 
average AUM of ₹12.83 lakh crore accounted for 19% of the total AUM. 
At Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC, our Overall Average Assets under Management, including 
alternate assets stood at ₹4 lakh crores plus, reflecting 23% year-on-year growth. Our Mutual 
Fund Average AUM reached ₹3.84 lakh crores, growing by 23% year-on-year. The Quarterly 
Equity Average AUM stood at ₹1.79 lakh crores, growing by about 32% year-on-year. The 
uptick in equity investment performance, driven by improved perceptions and strong 
narratives, has helped us gain traction in equity net sales during the current quarter. Our SIP 
book grew by 38% year-on-year from ₹1,005 crores in December 2023 to about ₹1,382 crores 
in December 2024. We also added close to about 6.70 lakhs new SIPs, which again increased 
by 3x compared to the previous year around the same time. Our total investor folio crossed 1 
Crore, now it is about 1.05 Crore investors folio with around 24 lakh new folios added during 
the 9M FY25. During the quarter we launched the ABSL Conglomerate fund which is a unique 
fund with a different concept and garnered about ₹1,375 crores. We also conceptualized and 
launched the industry’s first 3 - 6 months index fund which also garnered close to about ₹715 
crores during the current quarter. 
The retail sales team which is dedicated to driving higher engagement and establishing strong 
mindshare in a deeper market through a series of impactful initiatives. We are running 
programs like “Yashaswi”, which is nothing but empower and groom women MFDs, fostering 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 28th January 2025 
Page 4 of 16 
 
inclusivity and leadership within the sectors and providing the necessary training program in 
order to gain higher engagement, higher mindshare, and higher market share. “Fulcrum” - 
which is to focus on equipping MFDs with the tools and strategies to build high-performing 
teams, driving sustainable business growth and improve the overall productivity of the team 
as well as the distribution partners. Third is “Legacy Leap”, which is designed to cultivate the 
next generation of MFDs by sharpening and enhancing their skills. Together, these initiatives 
we belief will help us create a long-lasting impact across the retail channel improvement that 
we are trying to bring to the overall business.  
On the alternate business front, to meet the growing needs of HNIs and family offices, we 
continue to strengthen our team and enhance our PMS and AIF offerings, both in Equity and 
Fixed income. In fact, our PMS assets including AIF equity grew by 44% year-on-year from 
₹2,671 crores to ₹3,853 crores. We are seeing momentum picking up as far as our PMS and 
AIF tractions are concerned. On Offshore business, we grew by about 28% from ₹9,894 crores 
to about ₹12,686 crores. In fact, during the current quarter, we have seen some inflows coming 
from offshore investors into India-dedicated funds that we have created, both in Europe and 
UCITS platforms as well as on the GIFT City to get money into the country. In line with our 
vision to scale the Passive business, we continue to offer a diverse product portfolio to our 
investors, delivering strong returns. As of December 2024, our total passive assets stood at 
approximately ₹31,600 crores, and our customer base has grown to over 10.68 lakh folios. Our 
diverse product offerings currently about 52 and we plan to launch additional funds in the 
coming quarters to further expand our passive investment options. 
Moving on quickly to the Financials - Our quarterly Revenue from Operations was at ₹445 
crores v/s ₹342 crores in Q3 FY24, up 30% year-on-year. Our quarterly Operating Profit also 
has shown a significant improvement in the current quarter to ₹262 crores from ₹184 crores in 
Q3 FY24; up by 42% YoY. In fact, our Operating Profit grew by 42%, which is higher than 
the overall revenue operations of about 30% growth. For the nine month period, our Revenue 
from Operations was about ₹1,256 crores v/s ₹988 crores for 9M FY24, up by 27% year-on-
year. For the same nine month period, our Operating Profit was about ₹710 crores v/s ₹528 
crores again for nine month FY24, up by 35% year-on-year. 
With this, I would like to conclude and open the floor for any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wish 
to ask a question may press “*” and 1 on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to withdraw 
yourself from the question queue, you may press “*” and 2. Participants are requested to use 
handsets only while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. We have our first question from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from 
Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Hi, good evening, sir. First, maybe I will just start off with a few data keeping questions and 
then I will move on to my generic questions. So, if you can point out employee number, SIP 
flow for the quarter, ESOP expense and non-mutual fund revenues? 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 28th January 2025 
Page 5 of 16 
 
A. Balasubramanian: 
I will ask Prakash to answer. 
Prakash Bhogale: 
So, the employee count as of December 2024 is 1,627. The SIP flows for the quarter is around 
₹4,000 crores. The ESOP expense for the quarter is around ₹28 lakhs and the non-MF revenue 
is in the range of around ₹34 - ₹35 crores. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. So, sir, just moving on to the question front, first starting off from this employee number 
only. It seems that sequentially there has been a significant uptick in your employee base from 
around mid-1,500 to 1,627. So, I just wanted to get some sense of, has the entire employee cost 
has been absorbed in the base or should one see it kind of overflowing into the next quarter. 
And also in this line, you know, given the way the markets have been going into, let's say, the 
next year, if you were to remain choppy, how do you expect the overall OPEX trajectory, how 
do you expect that to really shape up? The second question is on the mutual fund yield or rather 
the overall yield part. If I understand correctly, there has been a significant sequential 
improvement in yields. So, can you just explain that? And lastly, just qualitatively for January, 
how are you witnessing your net sales redemptions and maybe for the industry if you can give 
some color out there? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Yes. So as far as the employees’ concerns, of course one, wherever we are building up our 
team, especially in the passive, direct, as well as emerging markets where we are opening 
locations, and especially places like Mumbai, where we are further strengthening our team 
considering the distribution, front-facing sales team. Largely, the increase is on account of 
them. There will not be any significant additions at the top level. These are all at the operating 
level. That, I think, more or less this year, whatever you have taken as a budget, we thought 
before we start the year next year, we'll complete the recruitment this year. So, the next year, 
we do not need to increase the headcount on an overall basis. That is broadly the principle in 
which we function. That is something I would say the increase in headcount is on account of 
that.  
As far as in the month of January is concerned, I think broadly the trend remains the same. We 
have not seen any significant change in the trend that you have witnessed in the previous 
quarter. I think we are seeing a net sales improvement for us is coming in gradually in some of 
the schemes already identified as there are schemes to be pushed from a broader perspective 
where we are seeing some bit of improvement. The SIP focus continues to remain, so again no 
major change. However, the current volatility will have to be watched out. There is one trend 
which will have just watch out. In general, what happens when the market turns volatile, the 
lump sum generally normally comes, they don't come as aggressively as it generally is 
supposed to be. Second SIPs, while the top SIPs continue to come, normally the cancellation 
rate from 50%-55% average, that goes to say 60-65% again comes back. But right now, going 
by the January trend, it is difficult to make many assessments in a significant deviation that we 
are witnessing currently. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
And sir, on the mutual fund yield part, what happened during the quarter? 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 28th January 2025 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Prakash Bhogale: 
So, Dipanjan, on the mutual fund yield, the improvement which you are seeing is mainly 
account of 2-3 reasons. One is that on a few debt schemes, we have increased TER that has 
resulted in the increase in the yield. The other one is the mark-to-market, because of the lower 
AUM we are able charge some higher TER and there some yield has been improved. The third 
reason is on account of marketing and distribution expenses have been realigned based on the 
current market conditions. So, these are the 2-3 reasons because of which you can see the 
improvement in the yield. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Sir, I couldn't understand the last part of what you mentioned in terms of marketing and 
distribution getting realigned. So, is it on the incremental flows where the commissions are 
getting realigned or is it like your overall distribution expense that you are spending for the 
franchisee is getting reduced or is it on the back book that you have taken some kind of 
repricing? Can you give me some color? 
Prakash Bhogale: 
So, based on the current situation we have projected a few marketing and distribution expenses 
for the year. Okay, so those expenses have been realigned which has resulted in the increase 
in the yield. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Sure. And on the debt book, you have kind of replaced a few schemes, sorry I missed that part. 
Prakash Bhogale: 
Few debt schemes we have increased the TER which has again resulted in the yield increase. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. Thank you Sir and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Hi, good afternoon, sir, and a decent set of numbers. Just your thoughts on how aggressive or 
what kind of growth aspirations you have on the non-MF businesses. Probably if you could 
give us some 3 – 5-year aspirations or targets for the AUM size of PMS, AIF, or GIFT City, 
any of these things that can be significant contributors to your revenue and top line, that would 
be much help. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Thanks, Prayesh. As far as alternate business is concerned, the last 3 years' investment that we 
are making both in building PMS, AIF, and AIF fixed income credit and real estate fixed 
income credit and offshore and lastly is the passive. These are the 5 different verticals we 
covered under the alternate. We are giving a good push as far as the PMS, AIF, and AIF credit 
funds are concerned. Given the fact that it can easily fit into our family offices and HNIs across 
different parts of the country. Right now this PMS and AIF put together we have roughly 
₹4,000 crores kind of size and the overall scheme of thinking that we put aside this year for 
the next five years roadmap we have been assuming the rate of growth in the alternate business 
has to be faster than the mutual fund and given the fact that the customer segmentation here is 
different from the mutual fund and that we are seeing already both in terms of AUM growth 
as well as on the profitability contributions.  

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 28th January 2025 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Though I cannot give any specific number per se otherwise we have put a KRA for individuals 
across the country from a sales team point of view, 20% of the KRA goes towards building 
our PMS business. AIF credit fund, we already committed some seed capital from AMC 
business, and basis which  a few commitments already started coming in, some underwriting 
of instruments started happening. And initially, our idea was to collect close to about ₹750 to 
1000 crores kind of size. Upon building the first issue and then closure of the first issue, we 
start building up the second launch. So that's something which we have put in place. And 
ideally speaking, in the PMS and the AIF equity side, we would be gunning close to about 
₹20,000 crores kind of size over some time. In the case of AIF, the credit fund would be 
gunning for close to about ₹5,000 crores of size over the next three years. And in the case of 
the real estate fund, where we have already given good experience, wherein we manage 
roughly ₹750 crores of money that we are already managing it, whatever efforts we have put 
in, in terms of reaching out to global investors, we are seeing some traction in that. There also 
we will be looking at the first bigger closure, in the next 1.5 years close to about ₹5,000 crores 
in size, and then keep building it as we start making progress on the number which I am just 
mentioning. Clearly the idea is to build this space on an overall basis.  
Offshore infact, I'm seeing some kind of traction. Infact in the last quarter we saw some success 
coming from two of the Canadian-based investors with whom we have a tie-up for the India-
dedicated mandate, we saw some flows coming in, with whom we also have tied up from India 
to invest in the overseas market. We have seen some success which also now starts giving me 
revenue through the GIFT City. We will see volume picking up in this space and subject to, of 
course, emerging market attraction for overseas investor's points of view continues to remain. 
As far as the passive is concerned, right now we are roughly about ₹32,000 crores kind of size. 
Clearly we are keeping an eye on how we make our passive business verticals which include 
index, ETF, fixed income, and target maturity funds to reach a size of about  
₹1 lakh crore size over the next few years. That is happening in a particular part of the business 
plan and work towards that. 
Prayesh Jain: 
That is quite interesting but one aspect which I wanted to understand also was what are the 
kind of costs that we are incurring today on a run rate basis in the non-MF businesses. The 
reason why I am asking that is as these businesses scale up, the profitability improvement can 
be significant because if your teams are in place and no further hirings or no major hirings 
would be needed then the AUM growth coming in and then following up with revenue growth, 
the profitability of the entire company can improve significantly. So just if you can give some 
color on them, what is the cost of non-MF businesses, or at what level they are operating today? 
Prakash Bhogale: 
So Prayesh, it is difficult to give you the cost because we have not disclosed the cost as such 
for the particular business as such. But as we have already spoken the alternate asset business 
used to contribute around 14%-15% of our total revenue. So currently it is in the range of 
around 7%-8%. So, our target is to you know take it further to around what we were there in 
the earlier period. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Just to add to that Prayesh, see the cost has more or less remained the same, whatever team we 
have add, we have already done that except we will only do the replacement of people who 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 28th January 2025 
Page 8 of 16 
 
left. So that means incremental cost as far as people are concerned, mainly is investment 
function and that we are already full, so that is unlikely. There is one cost which anyway I 
mentioned in the last call also I mentioned that we will add somebody to head the overall 
alternate business to drive this separate vertical, which is senior recruitment will do who would 
take the entire responsibility of the building alternate business. That cost will be added. But 
beyond that, what we are trying to leverage is the distribution strength which has been created. 
That is what I think comes in the form of a KRA of people to add to the overall growth which 
essentially means existing people in the sales will only add to the success of the alternate 
business which will come as an add-on business rather than adding, coming along with the 
incremental cost. Even this quarter, the last two quarters itself, we have seen the addition of 
revenue contribution coming from the alternate business, improved by almost about₹16 - ₹17 
crores. Additional revenue came because of the increase in assets in alternate business. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Is it fair to assume that these businesses are profitable today or they are still breaking even? 
Prakash Bhogale: 
Yes, these businesses are profitable today. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
In fact, all my offshore businesses also, everything is profitable today. The only question is the 
scale. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Sir, the last question is on the mutual fund business here. So, Fund performance is one element 
where we are seeing some green shoots for you. The other element to grow the AUM is the 
distribution machinery. At the time of the IPO, we were talking about a lot of growth coming 
in from cross sell to the group company. Or apart from that, any other drivers that you are 
putting in the business model to kind of really take up this momentum further stronger because 
we are just at the cusp of fund performance improvement. And if the distribution machinery 
also kind of picks up more momentum, then you have a great runway ahead. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
With respect to the distribution, of course, we have an established distribution model as far as 
retail is concerned, which is basically divided into T30 and B30, and then beyond that, the 
emerging market. And then within that, we created a five-step vertical that we created. One is 
the VRM model to activate growing IFAs in the country. We are seeing good success, we keep 
adding more people to the VRM model, via the virtual RM model and we keep increasing the 
number of team members. As each period passes, we also learn from the experience and then 
keep improving on contributing to overall success. We are seeing some success. I must mention 
the conglomerate fund that we had infact had close to about ₹70 - ₹80 crores got added from 
the VRM channel itself in addition to the traditional distribution channel. So that is something 
we are seeing as a success.  
Second is the operation team beyond a point when it becomes a well-oiled engine. The 
operation team, which is a service-facing team, can also contribute to the overall success of 
the sales. We have got a service to sales. We are stepping up the focus and each year we keep 
on increasing the target to ensure their contribution increases. While these are the established 
models that we have, the emerging market is one where as a fund house, we had great success 
coming from creating our presence in smaller locations and improve our presence in those 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 28th January 2025 
Page 9 of 16 
 
markets, therefore increasing our market share. The country remains one of the big areas. 
Currently, we have about 95 locations in which we operate. While 95 may remain at 95, but 
then some will go to the branch level. Some new branch locations will be added there. That 
something remains in our big area of focus. Having built that, I think the last one year, given 
the fact that we need to step up our engagement on distribution activities and also get higher 
output, the team got together and identified about 25 locations in the country, which gives 
roughly 80% of the overall sales volume for the industry, including ourselves. And what are 
the steps that we can take to ensure? These 80% of the market gives me  higher contribution 
by way of engaging at the ground level. That is something we are doing. One of the initiatives 
that we are taking this year is we normally do an annual voyage event. This year we are 
converting that into a voyage event, we are continuing, but we are doing it only with the cream 
of people with whom our market share is less but subject to our high engagement and they are 
getting convinced, as you rightly mentioned about the perception and performance 
improvement is coming, also being noticed. Therefore, we can get incremental AUM from 
them. That is something which they are now doing. Upon doing so, we will probably do this 
across different parts of the country to ensure the distribution engagement increases quite 
significantly, as we are currently putting in the effort. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got it. Just last booking keeping can we get the yields on each of the asset classes for this 
quarter? 
Prakash Bhogale: 
So, Prayesh, the yield for this quarter on the equity side is in the range of around  
70-71bps. Debt is 25bps, Liquid is 13bps and ETF is around 7 to 8 bps. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijit Sakhare from Kotak Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhijit Sakare: 
Sir, question on yields again. If you could quantify what was the increase in debt tiers that we 
have seen in the previous quarter? 
Prakash Bhogale: 
Abhijit, but I don't have that data to quantify the yield increase on account of the debt side. But 
on a few of our debt schemes we have increased the TER which has increased the yield. 
Overall, it is around one basis point. 
Abhijit Sakare: 
And then going forward, are you anticipating any further tweaks to the overall TER numbers 
in the 4th Quarter or going ahead both on the equity and debt funds? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Equity will remain more or less the same. I don't think sometimes you must also remember 
these numbers keep changing depending upon which bucket in which AUM moves. But 
otherwise, broadly equity should remain the same. As far as the fixed income is concerned, 
one can expect marginal improvement on the yield given the fact that as the interest rate gets 
stabilized and then starts coming down, we will have to give some kind of room for growth in 
the duration assets wherein the expenses are generally higher than the liquid fund or liquid plus 
fund. So, to the extent, one can expect that segment to improve. And third is, we are also 
pushing very aggressively our hybrid funds, like multi-asset allocation funds, balance 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 28th January 2025 
Page 10 of 16 
 
advantage funds, and equity savings funds. We are giving a push in terms of sales. And as we 
start seeing the overall improvement in terms of sales activities there, once again the revenue 
contribution coming from that segment will also rise. Given the fact, again the size is relatively 
lower compared to the large industry size. Therefore, to the extent we could see an 
improvement in the contribution. 
Abhijit Sakare: 
So again, coming back to the growth front, now that we have seen some performance 
improvement, especially in the short-term buckets, have you seen any improvement as far as 
the products getting included in the overall recommendation list or any material change in how 
the products are perceived in the major channels? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
See, that keeps coming on and off. I think the major channels, in the organized channel, except 
1 or 2, have been part of the recommendation in most places. Infact I must mention that our 
large-cap funds, front-end equity, and flexi-cap funds, both of them are now coming as part of 
the recommendation list on the organized channels. We are seeing progress in the current 
quarter. Even our balanced advantage funds, which has again been improving on overall 
performance, we are seeing being recommended in the organized channel. Third is the multi-
asset allocation fund which is of course about 1.5 years of track record and has done 
exceedingly well, also being included as part of the recommendation list by the organized 
channel piece.  
As an online channel concerns, we did have huge success in the last quarter. A few of our funds 
came as part of the recommendations. And those recommendations keep moving up and down, 
depending upon the ranking which they calculate from the overall basis. But a few of our funds 
are part of the core list, which is basically frontline equity, flexi cap and multi-asset allocation 
fund, and balance advantage fund. These are some of the funds that have been part of the 
recommendation list. We are seeing some kind of progress in this space, but of course in order 
to, for this to get converted into a visibly higher AUM contribution coming from this segment, 
we need to continue to work towards it. The number keeps improving on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Lalit Deo: 
I just wanted to confirm, firstly, on the debt side, could you classify the overall yield on the 
debt size? Was it 23 basis points? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
25 basis points. 
Lalit Deo: 
Sure sir. Also, one more data-keeping question was asked, could you quantify the SIP AUM 
as of December end? 
Prakash Bhogale: 
Sure. It is around ₹78,000 crores, Lalit. 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 28th January 2025 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Lalit Deo: 
Sure sir. So just on the SIP flows, what we have been seeing is that for industry, there has been 
an uptick in their monthly SIP flows. Whereas for us there has been a decline and 
discontinuation rates have also increased. So, what could be the major reasons for the change? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Broadly in SIP the trend remains the same, in terms of registration numbers except we saw, 
especially in the lumpsum ticket SIPs. As mentioned about normally during a market volatile 
period, lumpsum is the one that generally gets stopped and then they again come back, which 
I call high-ticket SIPs. We saw some reduction in that. Therefore, we saw overall numbers 
marginally lower than the previous quarter. Otherwise, the retail pure SIP that we tried to drive, 
both the idea of adding new customers and the new registration coming from the larger channel 
partners, that focus remains. But otherwise also, from a cancellation point of view, generally 
the ratio is about 50% - 55% especially month of December we saw the number going up to 
almost about 55% - 60%, and at times when that number suddenly improves rather goes up, it 
does have an impact on the overall number, but otherwise I would attribute this to the market 
volatility that we are currently witnessing which normally I've seen historically that happens 
for industry even for us also number can vary from fund house to fund house. But otherwise, 
once things settle down, we should see this number coming back to normalcy. Generally, for 
SIP we try to position as agnostic to the market and that acceptance generally is high. 
Therefore, we go back to the basics and keep pushing that SIP is something agnostic to the 
market and fluctuations and sentiments. That something keeps harping on it should only help 
in terms of maintaining it and improving. 
Lalit Deo: 
Right. So based on this question, on the net sales, when we are saying that we are seeing some 
improvement in the net sales, so particularly in which channel, probably we are seeing more 
improvement or seeing some improvement in our market share probably . 
A. Balasubramanian: 
I think it is generally spread across all channels Lalit, mainly the IFA contribution on an 
incremental basis is improving,  ND channel, which is the second largest channel for us. So, 
their contribution is improving. Infact when we did that the Conglomerate Fund, we did have 
participation in our funds coming from also about 22,000 IFAs contributing to the 
Conglomerate Fund, which also helped us in activating a lot of the IFAs during this period. 
We are also seeing online channels selectively contributing on the SIPs. I think broadly the 
order of MFDs and NDs and direct and banking and then online channels. 
Lalit Deo: 
And sir, just last question. Are any products in the pipeline on the active equity side? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Of course, we have already taken approval, we didn’t launch of the fund which is the 
innovation fund, we have taken approval, we gave a preference to the Conglomerate fund over 
the innovation fund and then when we feel it is right, either in the current quarter or in the 
subsequent quarter next year, we will have this product launched. Otherwise, we have a series 
of product pipelines on passive side, both on passive equity, ETF, and index fund, equity fund, 
as well as the target maturity fund on fixed income. Both we already have a pipeline of 
products.  

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 28th January 2025 
Page 12 of 16 
 
We have one pipeline of products for GIFT City. Upon closing the first fund that we launched, 
a special opportunity fund we created. Now we have created another fund to invest in global 
blue chip. That is something we have already launched and we will go aggressive in terms of 
promotion as we move forward in the current quarter. We also have announced the Fund of 
Funds launch from GIFT City. But also, there will be an official launch maybe in the next few 
months we will do. These are the number of product pipelines that we have as of the offshore 
concern. Domestic concern there is only one product pipeline that we have kept as of this time 
today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Mohit Mangal from Centrum Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Mohit Mangal: 
So first is in terms of SIP AUM. I think you said that it is around ₹78,000 odd crores. So, if I 
look sequentially, I think there is a 7% decline. Is this number, right? 
Prakash Bhogale: 
Yes, because of the equity mark-to-market, Mohit. The industry has also decline. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Understood. And secondly, basically in terms of the industry, so there is a lot of talks of these 
₹250 SIP, that is there. So, if you could, Bala sir could just help us understand the dynamics 
of it and how you intend to kind of use this situation to further improve your SIP thing? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Yes, ₹250, of course, we were one of the fund houses that also take lead in this space as the 
regulator announced some time back. So, we have put things in place, but even otherwise as 
well, we do offer ₹100 rupees SIP for people who can't afford more than that through the online 
platform. So, we already have that in place. And once, if it becomes an industry-wide push, of 
course, we would participate in that, but otherwise in general SIP is something, my own belief 
is ₹250 or ₹100 SIP, in general, has gained acceptance and momentum and the average ticket 
size is also improving. I think our focus would be to use this product more to get new customer 
acquisition rather than focusing on ticket size. I think we will have both strategies go 
simultaneously. All the ₹100 - ₹200 for customer acquisition and then increase the average 
ticket size of their contribution as they come on board. So that is the way we, I see it normally. 
But otherwise, I don't think this will have something unique for one to benefit big time given 
the fact that SIP itself now is becoming the widely accepted instrument in the country. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Alright, understood sir. So lastly, in terms of, I mean, your peers are kind of rationalizing the 
distributor commission. And any thoughts that you would be doing the same or what are your 
strategy on that? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Of course, we do have a scope, no doubt. But however, we need the right balance between 
growing the business on one side, and the other side, growing the distribution channel and the 
other side and ensuring we also able to maintain our overall leadership in the industry. 
Therefore, we will have to just see when to do and how to do and kind of things but otherwise, 
we do have a scope but not in the current junctures, we would rather focus on growing the 
book size and customer base and expanding the business. 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 28th January 2025 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Bhavin Pandey from Athena 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Bhavin Pandey: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, I just wanted to understand one thing on how 
do we look at managing fund performance in a down cycle, specifically thinking from a 
scenario of us just being on a cusp of turnaround and maybe garnering more flows so how do 
you look at it? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
It's interesting, Bhavin, I think we all also in the managing money business will witness. I think 
all of a sudden this down cycle comes and the only way we can manage the risk is what we 
keep harping all the time. The drawdown, especially in market volatility happens. The number 
of stocks that pull you down should be the least and the number of stocks that are in the 
portfolio that gives you some bit of either the index performance or a little better index 
performance component should be high. So that is the principle on which we normally work 
sometimes, most of the time we get it right, and sometimes we don't get it right but this time I 
must mention the last 2-3 weeks of volatility, most of our funds could actually withstand this 
current market volatility and do better than the market or the competition. That is the only way 
we manage the risk. Second, of course, the sizing between large-cap, mid-cap and small-cap. 
In fact, as a fund house, we have a reasonably good domination in the large-cap and mid-cap 
space and less of a small-cap space. To the extent, that the drawdown could also be less. I think 
that is the only way we keep a close track which is the investment team keeping a very close 
track on that in terms of portfolio management operating style. 
Bhavin Pandey: 
Okay, that's helpful sir. And sir, when we look at the behaviour of an IFA partner, let us say 
maybe he is not seeing the discontinuation of SIP right away, but the customer is reducing the 
size of the SIP he or she is doing. So, when it comes to pecking order, do you think does that 
fund performance come into account in terms of allocation? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Yes, definitely of course people do pay attention. I think there are two ways I look at it. One 
is of course improvement performance; the second is the perception of improvement in 
performance; and the third is the irrespective of whatever it is how well we are committed to 
engaging with partners and continuing to provide top-of-the-mind service. In my talk, I 
mentioned about 3-4 initiatives that you have taken such as Yashasvi and Legacy Leap kind of 
things. These are all shows of our commitment to the distributors.  
And third of course is the direct customer engagement by way of guiding, giving insight, and 
giving our narrative and our confidence. It is not about getting your calls right or wrong. It is 
about being on the front foot and engaging with the marketplace. All those things do matter. 
And of course, fund performance is one part of it. If fund performance is there, it becomes 
much, much easier for the front sales team naturally to go and bat it that much more 
aggressively. If the fund performance is there but in the borderline case, then you must also 
replace that with a high level of engagement at ground level. This is the combination in which 
we work. And as I stand today, I would say performance improvement vis-à-vis the peer group. 
Not only is there an improvement, but it's also being recognized and noticed by people. 
Therefore, leading to the gradual conversion of that into numbers. 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 28th January 2025 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Bhavin Pandey: 
That's very helpful sir, wishing you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Good evening, sir. Congratulations on a good set of numbers and thank you for taking my 
questions. First, sir, you know sequentially our yield has increased and that has particularly 
come from equity yields doing better, where you also mentioned that we have changed some 
distributor payouts. Now, what I wanted to understand is whether this is recurring or is one-
time in nature. Second, on the market share bit, our equity market share sort of continues to 
slide despite we have done two NFOs this quarter. And if I am not wrong, we collected almost 
₹1,410 plus crores. So, if I adjust for that, what is your sense on net inflow market share, ex-
NFO, in continuing schemes, like what is our market share, and are we sort of improving on a 
QoQ basis? And in your opinion, is this decline in market share more because of performance 
needs to catch up or more because our market share in net inflow need to catch up? So that is 
my second question. And third, on the current trends, like SIP cancellations have picked up, 
also given this volatility, I know the industry will probably witness higher SIP cancellations, 
but maybe you could talk a little bit about what are we seeing in our current trends in terms of 
SIP numbers holding up so far or cancellations actually picking up even more in this month so 
far? And how do you see investor behavior in this sort of situation over the next 2-3 months, 
if let's say the markets were to sustain in this way? So yes, those would be my broad three 
questions. Thanks. 
Prakash Bhogale: 
So, Madhukar, on the yield side, marketing, and distribution expenses which we have realigned 
based on the current market situation, is in the phase where you may see some impact in the 
next quarter also. And the yield will more or less remain in the same range. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
So, this is not a one-off? 
Prakash Bhogale: 
Yes. So, we are doing it in a phased manner, Madhukar. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Okay. So, the yield will probably sustain at about 71 bps as you mentioned earlier in the call. 
Pradeep Sharma: 
Madhukar, so what Prakash is saying, these current yields may be there for maybe next quarter. 
These are one of a case for 1 or 2 quarters. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Understood. Then you are likely to come back to the 67-68 basis? 
Pradeep Sharma: 
Yes. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Okay. And what is causing this? I didn't understand what caused this. 
Pradeep Sharma: 
So, as Prakash explained, this is the realignment of certain marketing and selling expenses, 
which is the regulatory guidelines. 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 28th January 2025 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Prakash Bhogale: 
So, Madhukar, we have made some provisions that we have realigned. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
So that we will not be incurring anymore because we are cutting back on that, is it? 
Prakash Bhogale: 
Yes. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
And second on your other two aspects. See, as far as the sales numbers are concerned, of 
course, the market share, the way I see is the overall market share as far as the equity is 
concerned on a QoQ basis, the fall in market share is now getting better that's one way of 
looking at it and second is incremental net sales in some other funds where we are only seeing 
outflows for a variety of reasons, some of our traditional funds we are seeing net is improving, 
which includes Arbitrage fund, as well as the large-cap fund and few other funds which are in 
the main category like Multi-asset allocation funds, including our thematic funds such as Birla 
Dividend Yield Plus, Gennext Funds we are seeing continues flows. These are categories are 
getting inflows. In those categories, the net sales would be in the range of about 3% - 4% kind 
of things. There are certain schemes, of course, ELSS is a category we see as overflow and 
that is largely on account of the category itself has not getting any big inflows and on top of it 
the performance-based outflow that we have witnessed given the fact that we have a large size. 
But there we are seeing outflow but that is something getting reduced each month-on-month 
basis.  
Our idea is actually to identify as mentioned earlier focused funds we call it. The five funds 
we have taken focused on the diversified nature and three funds on the thematic we have 
identified and then driving it across the country to improve our numbers, that is something we 
should see it being driven from a sales point of view. From the calculation of SIP's other things 
point of view, as it stands today, anyway in the last 2-3 months, in general, the SIP's top line 
numbers keep rising. The cancellation numbers are generally in the range of about 40% - 50% 
and this number may even go up a little bit to 60% - 65% and again it's a function of the market 
trend that we are seeing. But that's something that should not necessarily bother anyone, given 
the fact that these numbers can come back by way of gross numbers. and then new customers 
additions coming in. We still have only about 5.5 crore unique customer base. We have about 
75 lakhs unique customer base. So given the fact that unique customer base can continue to 
rise, these numbers should not ultimately lead to any different kind of output except the ratio 
could change given the current market volatility if it sustains for say 1 or 2 quarters as we move 
forward. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
I just want to follow up. On a quarter-to-quarter basis, like from quarter 2 to quarter 3, I wanted 
to understand if we were to exclude the NFO flows. Is our market share improving in net 
inflows? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Yes, on this scheme certain schemes are improving. 
Prakash Bhogale: 
So, Madhukar, in quarter three we have seen an improvement in the net sales ex-NFOs which 
has resulted in the improvement in the market share. 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Tuesday, 28th January 2025 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Thank you, sir. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that would be the last question for 
today and I now hand over the conference to the management for closing comments. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining with this we conclude our Q3 FY25 earnings call, and do feel 
free to reach out to our IR Head, Prakash Bhogle, for any queries that you may have. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of InCred Equities that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes 
no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------   End   --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
