BRAND CONCEPTS LIMITED 
  
 
 
CIN – L51909MP2007PLC066484 
                     4th Floor UNO Business Park, Indore Bypass Road, Opposite Sahara City, 
Bicholi Mardana, Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India, 452016 
                                                                      Phone: 91-731-4223000, Fax- 4221222/444  
  
 
 
 
 
Email:info@brandconcepts.in 
 
                  
 Date:17th February, 2025  
 
       Symbol: BCONCEPTS 
 
                                         Scrip Code: 543442 
 
Sub: Transcript of the analyst/institutional investors conference call as held on  
12th February, 2025 for Q3 & 9M FY25 
 
 Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
With reference to the above captioned subject, We Brand Concepts Limited, herewith attaching 
the post result conference call transcript for the investors meet as held on 12th February, 2025 
for Q3 & 9M, FY 25.  
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your records.  
Yours Sincerely, 
For Brand Concepts Limited, 
 
 
 
 
Swati Gupta 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Mem No. A33016 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing & Compliance Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai - 400051 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Listing & Compliance Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001 
Swati 
Gupta
Digitally signed 
by Swati Gupta 
Date: 2025.02.17 
16:22:19 +05'30'

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 5.00 pm IST 
 
 
 
 
 
BRAND CONCEPTS LIMITED 
 
Q3 & 9M FY25 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
February 12, 2025 5.00 pm IST  
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Abhinav Kumar – CEO & Whole Time Director  
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 5.00 pm IST 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you all to the Q3 and Nine Months 
FY '25 Post Earnings Conference Call of Brand Concepts Limited. 
Today on the call from the management team, we have with us Mr. 
Abhinav Kumar, CEO. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded. 
 
I would now request the management to detail us about the business and 
performance highlights for the quarter, the growth plans and vision for 
the coming year, post which we will open the floor for Q&A. Over to 
you, Abhinav. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Hi, everyone. Very, very good evening. So just reflecting on the current 
quarter, we continue to see pricing pressures, discounting pressures 
from across the board, whether it is incumbent brands, new brands 
coming on board or whether it is the old classic brands, we continue to 
see all those pricing pressures and all happening. However, as I had 
mentioned earlier as well, we've still chosen not to get into this pricing 
war and hence wait this period out. 
 
In spite of that, I think overall from a retail perspective, if I comment. 
So we are at, I wouldn't say a very, very high growth, but I think a decent 
growth. If I take off the institutional sales, which last year, we had done 
to Shoppers Stop, bill buster program, that is a strategic sales that we 
had done, but I had mentioned it then also that it's not going to be 
continuing. It's a one-time sort of an activity. So if we take off that and 
then we compare the results, so this quarter also, we've grown by 15% 
overall. And for the period ending nine months, we've registered a 
growth of 21%. 
 
So considering the current market situations, I feel that we're still doing 
a decent job. This growth primarily comes more from business 
development. And new brands, whereas our largest was Tommy, we see 
a muted growth over there. So in fact, for the quarter, I think it's a minus 
2%. But we've taken a jump in our pricing, while everybody else is 
continuing to discount and everything, we've actually gone the opposite 
way, trying to run against the tide of the river. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 5.00 pm IST 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
But I feel in the long run, this is going to help us. A couple of quarters 
here and there should not deter us from our long-term vision. So we 
continue on the same path with certain brand strategies in our portfolio. 
 
Overall, I think it's fine by the virtue of growth being muted and your 
costs being going up, bottom line is under pressure. However, I think it 
is pretty much in line with what we've been thinking. So I've been 
mentioning that we would be in the region of 10% to 12% EBITDA. 
And I think we're still being able to maintain that. Giving an update on 
certain projects. So our hard luggage plant is underway. And hopefully, 
as I had promised earlier that by March, we should start our trials. 
 
And it seems we are on track with that. So March, we'll begin our trials. 
And next year should see production coming out of that plant and 
helping us not only in our supply chain, managing our inventories, 
supply chain, but also lowering down our costs, which will help us to 
fight better in the market. 
 
Apart from that, I've been mentioning that new brands, so been quite in 
advanced stages with a few brands. And we hope that I still see a lot of 
white spaces or those strategic gaps in our overall portfolio. So looking 
at fulfilling all those portfolios and all those gaps through different 
brand portfolios. And hopefully, this year, we might be able to come up 
with a few good brands, which are strategically filling in those gaps for 
us. 
 
The new brand that we had acquired, which is Juicy Couture, and I'm 
very, very happy to announce that we are now gearing for the launch of 
it. The team has worked tirelessly, something that we generally say that 
a new brand will take about nine months to 10 months for the rollout. 
We've been able to turn this around. And hopefully, March itself, we 
should be able to start our rollout as we speak. Our first consignments 
have left the factories. And March is when we look at starting to launch 
Juicy Couture. Very, very positive on that brand as of now. Let's see 
how the consumers like it. 
 
Yeah. So that's it from my side. We always take longer time in Q&A. 
So I'd like to dedicate more time to that. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Sure, thanks Abhinav. Anybody who wishes to ask a question may use 
the option of raise hand. In case you're unable to raise hand, you can 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 5.00 pm IST 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
either put a message on the chat and we'll call you to ask a question. 
We'll take the first question from Risha Mehta. Risha, you can go ahead. 
 
Risha Mehta: 
Yeah, thanks. So the first one is on the discounting part that you spoke 
about. So would you say that considering Tommy, like you said, has 
degrown by 2% in nine months and that we've stayed away from 
discounting, do you think that we've lost market share? And how are we 
really thinking about balancing between growth, discounting and 
market share if this kind of discounting continues? So that's the first 
question. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, First and foremost, I don't think this kind of discounting can 
continue for very long here. So right now, whatever the fight is for 
whatever reasons, I don't think the discounting is going to continue 
forever, right? So today or tomorrow, rationalisation will sort of come 
back. Now when we were deciding internally on the strategies also, 
Risha, the question is whether are we Tommy Hilfiger Concepts 
Limited or are we Brand Concepts Limited, right? So we are Brand 
Concepts Limited. And hence, every brand will have to play a different 
role, a different part, right? So Tommy for us is a premium brand, and 
that's how the brand also wants it to be perceived and that's how their 
pricing goes. 
 
And hence, for us to sort of lower pricing and go on a higher discounting 
and in the fear of losing market share, I don't think that is a strategy that 
we would like to take. We would like to maintain the premiumness of 
the brand. Today, yes, in certain price points where we need business, 
probably we need another brand in those price points and to capture 
those business. So I hope I've been able to answer your question. 
 
Risha Mehta: 
On the market share part and also, if you could contextualise that with 
the kind of price hikes, what kind of price hikes have you taken? And 
how much of this 21% growth in nine months has actually come from 
price hikes? And would you say that since Tommy has degrown by 2%, 
have we lost market share because of the price hikes that we've taken 
while the industry is discounting? And with this kind of whatever price 
hike we have taken, how much of a gap are we at versus our peers? 
Because that gap would have widened, I would imagine. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. So for example, if I give you a figure, our average ASP of Tommy 
luggage is now close to ₹9,000, ₹8,700 something. That's our average 
ASP, if you look at a set value, it brings the set value to almost ₹25,000, 
₹26,000. Whereas today, the competition is coming across at right from 
₹4,000, ₹4,500 kind of a set price. People have started selling luggages 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 5.00 pm IST 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
for ₹1,100, ₹1,200, ₹1,400, you get a T-shirt in that, and you're selling 
a full luggage. So that market was never us, let's put it that way, right? 
We were never targeting in that market. 
 
So overall, you could say that, yes, as a percentage, as it is miniscule. 
So how much of a market share will we lose. But if you segment the 
market and if you look at the Premium segment, I don't think we've lost 
any market over there. 
 
Risha Mehta: 
And how much price hikes have we taken? So 21% growth driven by 
what kind of price hikes for the nine months? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Our pricing in Travel Gear specifically, if I talk about, would have gone 
up by almost 9%, 8% to 9%. 
 
Risha Mehta: 
Understood. And last one, if I may, on the manufacturing side. If you 
could just comment on our existing setup. So until we get this new hard 
luggage plant going, was everything completely outsourced both hard 
luggage and soft luggage? So what was the arrangement till now? And 
second, with the hard luggage plant in-house, then what kind of in-
house versus outsource for hard, soft luggage are we expecting? And 
what are the benefits essentially that we are seeing in terms of, let's say, 
gross margin improvement or working capital? If some kind of 
quantification and numbers, if you can give here, that would be helpful. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. So current scenario is, yes, everything is outsourced. And I would 
say the bulk of it we are still heavily dependent on China, right? We 
have a few Indian manufacturers with whom we've started working and 
Styles which have slightly higher volumes. So probably not in width, 
but at least Styles which have higher depth, we've sort of started 
manufacturing them in India. But I would still say that at best, the split 
would be about 35% India and 65% would still be sort of China or at 
least 60% would still be China, 35%, 40% would be India. 
 
So once the plant kicks in, we expect and the plant will take some time 
to sort of come to a certain level. But yes, fully operational, running 
well, say, two quarters down the line, we can definitely expect that we 
will start shifting more and more in-house. And I would expect that 
anywhere in the first year, by the time we exit the next year, anywhere 
between 35% to 40%, 35% of our requirement would be coming from 
our own plant, 30%, 35% would be coming from the other plants in 
India. And China, we'll try and restrict it to about 30%. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 5.00 pm IST 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
Risha Mehta: 
And the gross margin and the working capital improvement, if any 
quantification or numbers there? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
I think any which ways, if we move to our own manufacturing facility, 
in the ideal scenario, it should add at least 12% kind of EBITDA margin 
from there, which if you consider a 30% kind of a sourcing over there, 
it should lead to a 4% on the Travel Gear business. Now you have to 
understand it will not reflect on the overall because again, it will depend 
on the percentage of business which is coming from hard luggage, 
which I don't think would be more than 22%, 23%. So you can do the 
maths and you'll come to this thing that what is it that it should be adding 
to the bottom line. 
 
Risha Mehta: 
All right, thank you. I'll come back in the queue. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Naysar Parikh. 
Naysar, you can go ahead. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Hi, Abhinav. Thank you. So a couple of questions. First is that are we 
doing anything to compete, obviously, not through Tommy, but with 
any other brand or private brand in the lower end of the segment? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. Gearing up for that. We're gearing up for that. And hopefully, in 
the next two quarters, I think we'll start seeing results of those as well. 
So we've sort of gone controlled even in our e-commerce business when 
it comes to the new brands because we were first trying to establish 
them in the offline market. 
 
And while we started off well in the offline market with these new 
brands, and then this entire price disruption and everything started 
happening. So we've now taken a strategic call that we shall now open 
up e-commerce also for our luggage and Travel Gear and all these 
categories under the new brands as well. So we've started the entire 
product development. We've started giving them. And even in my 
listing, I mentioned that there were some slow-moving items where 
we've sort of given a little higher discount, and we've started pushing 
them in the e-commerce channels, giving a much better price 
proposition for the end consumer. So I'm hoping that we'll be looking 
at some traction happening from those quarters. So we have... 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
This is private brands or these are other new brands, Aeropostale type? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Aeropostale and Benetton to be precise. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 5.00 pm IST 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Okay. Understood. And on private brands today, what percentage that 
is? Is there any movement there? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. So in fact, if you look at from a brand-wise perspective or whatever 
our private brands, we've actually -- in the nine-month period, we've 
grown by more than 200%, but the base itself was very small. In Q3, 
for example, we've grown by more than 90%. But again, the base was 
small, right? But to play this private brand price point story, Naysar, we 
have to understand that this is being played by all the top players, 
namely Safari, VIP and Samsonite. 
 
And all of them are sitting with their own manufacturing setup, right? 
The moment you outsource your manufacturing, obviously, the margins 
are getting shared with the manufacturer. The manufacturers being -- so 
China as it is, is becoming expensive. So hence, importing and playing 
this game is not possible. So you come down to Indian manufacturers. 
Now if you come to Indian manufacturers, obviously, there is a 
monopolistic kind of a situation today, right? Whoever has a hard 
luggage plant is flush with orders. 
 
So that price competitiveness even in terms of manufacturing, you're 
not getting. You don't know whether a manufacturer is making a 15% 
margin or 20% margin. It's very hard to say that. So playing this price 
game by being a trader, by sourcing it from somebody else and selling 
it to the end consumer, it's never going to work out, right? So the game 
will really start once we have our own manufacturing. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Understood. And once our manufacturing setup starts, will we be able 
to produce even Tommy, etc over there or... 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. We're setting up a plant, we'll be able to produce 100% PC, the 
highest quality product. From day 1, we are, for example, taking on all 
the environmental, those carbon credit or carbon footprint, whatever 
you call it. We're taking all those steps where we getting that 
environmental-friendly certifications and all of that, which today for 
example, if you have to, tomorrow, you get a contract manufacturing 
opportunity from European countries or U.S. countries, we'll already be 
compliant with all of that. So we're taking all the necessary steps where 
it's a world-class manufacturing facility, which can compete with any 
manufacturing facility in China or anywhere else. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Okay. And the capacity and you said it will go live when? 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 5.00 pm IST 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
March is the trial. So I hope that we should be live with production 
somewhere in April. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
And what is the capacity? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
The total capacity installed right now would be around 25,000 to 30,000 
pieces a month with these lines functioning. However, it'll take us a few 
months to reach that optimum capacity. Once you start, you don't reach 
that capacity on day one, right? So it takes some trial and errors, lines 
getting set and all of that. So it will take about two, three, four months. 
So looking at the end of Q1, beginning of Q2 is when we should be in 
a position to start hitting 20,000, 25,000 pieces per month at least. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Okay. And last question on merger. On the soft luggage also, what is 
the capacity and how should we think about that? And does that also 
help margins when we shift to the manufacturing? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, that should also help our margins. And our NCLT meeting was set 
on 4th of Feb. So I really hope that I'll have some good news, but that 
meeting got pushed from NCLT. Now our hearing is on 24th. So let's 
hope the hearing happens. And if there is no this thing, we should get 
the order and then whatever another 30 days to 45 days it takes to sort 
of complete all the formalities. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
And what's their capacity? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Actually it depends on the size of the bag. So the primary product over 
there is a backpack, right? And whether it is a two compartment, three 
compartment or a single compartment, the quantities vary accordingly. 
But we have a capacity of on an average about 75,000 to 80,000 pieces 
per month, so about 1 million pieces a year. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you. I'll come back. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Abhishek 
Sengupta. Abhishek, you can unmute and ask. 
 
Abhishek Sengupta: 
Yeah. Just wanted to know how long do you think this discounted 
practice will continue? Do you think the peak is over or the worst is yet 
to come? 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 5.00 pm IST 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
I think the peak is over. So for example, if I have to share Jan, right? 
Now January for example, January has been a good month for us, right? 
January, overall growth and everything has been very, very good for us. 
So slowly and steadily, the traction is coming back. Things are coming 
back. I started hearing even in the traditional trade that certain special 
offers or special discounts and all that have been withdrawn by a few 
players. So hopefully, the peak is over is what I would say. Now let's 
see how long the tail is, but the peak is over. 
 
Abhishek Sengupta: 
Do you think we can expect like better numbers in Q4? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Q4 as it is, as I said, we've taken other measures as well, not only sitting 
back and waiting that the discounting war gets over and only then we'll 
start improving. Having said that, there are institutional  in these 
markets is not a bad growth. I think that growth is still good. However, 
even after that, we've put a few things in motion. So nine months period, 
if you see, we are at a 7% kind of overall growth, right, including 
institutional and everything. So nine-month period, we are at a 7% 
growth. And we hope that I want to exit the year in double-digit. So 
we've already pushed the pedal. And hopefully, the markets are also 
supporting it. So Q4 should be better. 
 
Abhishek Sengupta: 
Do you think we can cross ₹300 crores? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, not ₹300 crores, but we're looking at Q4 standalone, if you talk 
about, we're looking at sort of a 15% to 20% growth overall, it helps us 
cross a 10% growth overall for the year. 
 
Abhishek Sengupta: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Kashish 
Gandotra. Kashish, you can unmute and ask. 
 
Kashish Gandotra: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Abhinav, a couple of questions from my 
side. One question is, if I see the revenue proportion, the modern trade 
channel has come down from 26% last year to 24% this year. What I 
was thinking, thus despite the number of stores has gone up from 37 to 
46. So I just wanted to get a sense, are the stores making money right 
now? Because I think that will be a very important factor if we want to 
scale it up FOFO model, there should be sufficient incentive for them 
to make money so that we can expand rapidly. So just wanted your 
thoughts on this? 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 5.00 pm IST 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, modern trade for us includes EBOs as well as large format stores 
and key retail accounts, right? So it's not only the EBOs. So for 
example, EBOs, yes, we've been growing. Overall also, we have been 
growing. And we were sort of like-to-like was minus which I have said 
in previous quarter . So till Q2, we were close to minus 10% like-to-
like. 
 
By the end of Q3, for the year-ended, we've come down to a minus 4%. 
So we've gained, right? So we've started gaining back. There, again, 
ASP corrections have worked better in our EBOs, so which is leading 
to a better margin structure as well. 
 
So I would say that, yes, the stores are profitable. We are not running 
loss-making stores. But why you'll see a modern trade overall coming 
down, it's also got an impact of, so we were present across Reliance-
Centro and all those channels as well. And Reliance has sort of decided 
to scale down the operations of Centro. And overall for us also, it was 
not making sense. So we've started to pull out of Reliance-Centro. So 
hence, modern trade numbers look a little compromised. 
 
Kashish Gandotra: 
Got it. So basically, FOFO model, they are making money. We are 
trying to improve the revenue and once it improves the profit. And are 
we seeing sufficient traction, because what is our target to increase the 
number of stores, say, next year or next couple of years? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Actually, when it comes to the stores, we are trying to redefine our 
physical stores, okay? So while we have taken an aggressive target this 
year to expand on the stores, and we did that also. We added some eight, 
nine stores in the first four months itself. But then we sort of slowed 
down. And we're trying to reimagine the entire physical retail space 
because with the onslaught of earlier it was only e-commerce and now 
it is quick commerce and all of them, right? 
 
One needs to have a really good unique selling proposition in physical 
retail for able to attract the end consumer, right? So as we speak, we are 
almost finalising on our new identity, new this thing. So I think in the 
next couple of months, we want to do an experiment. We want to do a 
pilot with sort of a larger store. And as I said, we also have a few more 
brands in the pipeline and touch wood, we've gone after also brands 
which are good brands, which are top brands. And all the brands are 
such that I can't say no to any one of them, right? They are such brands. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 5.00 pm IST 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
So we're also waiting that if we are able to convert a few brands and 
then plan the stores accordingly so that tomorrow, once we have these 
brands, we are able to showcase all those brands in our store. So hence, 
for the time being, going a little slow on the expansion. But when I say 
slow, it doesn't mean that we are not going to be opening stores. We are 
opening stores, but it's not that I'm going to be opening another 20 stores 
in the next six, eight months. 
 
Kashish Gandotra: 
Sure. Makes a lot of sense. One last question, if I may squeeze in. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. 
 
Kashish Gandotra: 
Another question was now since we'll have that backward integration 
with us once the manufacturing comes in, are we planning to enter into 
a different set of customers, say with Tommy majority of our revenue 
come, which is a premium segment. Once we have our production 
capability with us, are we targeting to target mass segment? And if yes, 
are we going to do it with the vertical brand or we are in conversation 
with acquiring a new brand, something like that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, Benetton and Aeropostale would help us in definitely acquiring 
that mass and mass premium consumer. Today, we are sort of 
handicapped where we have the brand, but as a manufacturer's pricing 
advantage, we don't have that, right? And hence, vertical will still be a 
play. I'm not saying that we'll not be playing on vertical, but I will see 
the initial thrust will go towards Aeropostale and Benetton. 
 
Again, to answer your question, yes, we are in talks with one more 
brand, which is going to be in that price bracket. So the idea would be 
that it'll be Aeropostale then Benetton then one more and then it is 
Tommy. 
 
Kashish Gandotra: 
Sure. Thanks a lot Abhinav. All the best for the future. And thanks a lot 
for giving all the answer and so much detail. Thanks. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Yashowardhan 
Agarwal. Yashowardhan, you can unmute and ask. 
 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
Yeah, hi. Good evening. How are you? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Hi, Yashowardhan. All good. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 5.00 pm IST 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
Just had a few questions. Few on the industry and few on company-
specific. From the industry perspective, if we may look at the results of 
the big players currently, so they have achieved good volume growth, 
but they are now unable to achieve that much profitability. So we 
clearly suggest that currently they are playing on the pricing game, 
correct? So my question is that since on the demand side mainly if the 
volumes growth is so strong, let's say a quarter or two when they will 
increase the prices. So won't that impact the demand? And is it possible 
that the customers are currently preponing their purchases, because they 
are seeing that the value at which they're getting the product are so 
good? So instead of let's say three or six months buying later, they are 
buying it currently. So what's your take on that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, it's a very broad sort of question. My take on that would be, A, at 
that price, you're not getting a value-added product, right? You're 
getting a very, very basic product. B, if you look at the famous that 
pyramid structure, which we all make, right, where the bottom of the 
pricing grid has the heaviest chunk, right? That's the belly. But as you 
keep growing, people will migrate from that sort of bottom of the 
pyramid moving, inching towards the mid of the pyramid and the mid 
ones would start inching towards the upper end of the pyramid. So that's 
a life cycle. That's a journey which happens, right? 
 
And hence, from a long-term view, I don't see that as a challenge per 
se. Today, in fact, a lot of unbranded people have been actually 
converted to a branded because of the pricing that you're getting a 
branded product, it's virtually cheaper than what you were getting those 
unbranded products, right? So obviously, a lot of people are coming 
into the brand fold, which is actually good news for us because 
eventually today or tomorrow in that consumer's journey, that consumer 
is going to go up, right? And everybody will have their own segments 
to play upon. So I don't think there will any large impact on this. I don't 
see it that way. if they're correcting the pricing. Yes, the volumes might 
correct a little bit here and there. But overall, the segment is still very, 
very bullish. 
 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
Okay. So the demand that you are seeing currently, you feel that 
even if the prices increases, so the demand will hold up, right, especially 
in our segment? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, to a large extent, it should hold up, because see what happens is 
Yashowardhan every year, if you look at we are the hottest aviation 
sector in the whole country, right, in the whole world, right? The 
amount of traveling which is increasing today, travel for multivarious 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 5.00 pm IST 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
reasons, it's crazy, right? And you would keep on needing bags, right? 
Though the life cycle of a bag, it's not like a shirt or a T-shirt where the 
life cycle is probably three months, six months or eight months. Here, 
the life cycle of a bag is 2.5, three years, right? But every 2.5, three 
years, there are so many people coming in, changing their bags, buying 
new bags. So long-term, I don't see that as a major challenge. 
 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
Got it. Very helpful. My next question is that for the Tommy 
Hilfiger some of the luggage's that I've seen on a website. The discount 
that has been shown is around 45%, 55% and 60% for some of the 
products, right, and even on the Myntra. So just wanted to know that is 
there the conscious decision to show this kind of discounts, because 
earlier I remember that we were discussing that we don't want to show 
it as a very heavily discounted brand so? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Correct. So you will always have certain lines which will, see, 
Yashowardhan today, the reality is that up to 50% is a given. It's now 
consumers' brand perception also doesn't go away, up to 50% is given 
right? And ours up to 50% is not flat 50%. Our up to 50% is still actually 
up to 50%. We are, in fact, one of the least discounted brands. So if you 
actually look at the least discounted brands till yesterday will be 
Samsonite and us, right, as a brand. So certain lines, if it is an old season 
merchandise, if we're getting, if it is a liquidation or if it is a specific e-
commerce model, certain lines are carrying that sort of a discounting. 
But that's about it, 70% of our entire line is less than 30% of discount. 
 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
Got it. So that means we are not taking a hit on the margins, right? 
It's just the inflationary price that we are showing and the discount. But 
overall in terms of realisation, there has not been much change, correct? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. 
 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
Got it. And my another question is that, in the opening remarks you 
said that currently we are in advanced stages of the talks with some of 
the brands to sign. So just wanted to know that currently if we see UCB, 
we are scaling it up, we have just signed GC. So currently signing a new 
brand will also lead to more inventory in terms of developing it. So in 
these times do you find that decision to be correct? Because that may 
lead us to some kind of working capital pressure. So what's your take 
on that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah, see it will not only lead to working capital pressure, it'll also lead 
to pressures on your manpower on a lot of other things, right? But 
strategically, if you need, so there are two approaches. One is, we have 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 5.00 pm IST 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
these resources and this much is what we can do. The other approach 
is, we have to do this -- now whatever resources that we need, we'll 
provide that. So we've taken the second approach. We need to 
strengthen our brand portfolio. This is the time when we prepare 
ourselves for the long haul, right? And hence, we initiated dialogues 
with these brands. And I feel that these brands will be a great addition 
into our portfolio. And then whatever we have to do to support or figure 
out the working capital, we continue to invest into our manpower, 
strengthening our resources. We continue to do that. But the vision is 
very, very clear that we want a six to eight brand portfolio. We want to 
become a house of brands. And hence, till the time we reach that critical 
level we're going to be adding brands. 
 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
Got it. Very helpful. If I may just ask a couple of more questions. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
I don't know... 
 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
Is that fine or should I come back in queue? 
 
Moderator: 
Can you please join the queue order. 
 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
Sure. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Risha Mehta. 
Risha, you can unmute and ask. 
 
Risha Mehta: 
Yeah, thank you for the follow-up. So with our own manufacturing, 
would we be seeing any benefits to our inventory days because right 
now, majority of it is imported from China. And if that becomes half, 
then how would it benefit our inventory days? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
It should. But see, given the nature of, there are advantages and 
disadvantages both being a listed company, right? So the advantage is 
the correct pressure, which all of you guys put on us. That's a healthy 
pressure. The disadvantage is that you have to live quarter-on-quarter, 
right? So if you're talking from a quarter-to-quarter perspective, 
probably in the next couple of quarters, I don't know whether the 
inventory will go up, down because you'll have a lot of raw material 
stocking, you'll have all of that. 
 
But technically speaking, from a long-term perspective, yes, 
manufacturing should bring the inventory levels down because your 
lead times would shorten up. There's zero transit of the finished goods. 
However, raw material stocking will go up. But net-net, I still feel that 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 5.00 pm IST 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
our supply chain will get strengthened to a quite large extent. But the 
result of it will come in Q1 of next year or Q2 or Q3. It's very difficult 
for me to comment on that right now, Risha. 
 
Risha Mehta: 
Fair, fair. The other thing was on the margins front, right? So while yes, 
11%, 12% margins, which we've maintained despite the challenging 
environment is a great feat. But when I look at it from a PAT margin 
perspective, our aspiration has been in that 5% to 6% range. And with 
the new plant coming in and with higher depreciation, I would imagine 
higher employee costs and some fixed cost kind of coming in, how do 
we see the PAT margin shaping up in the next one to two years? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See two years down the line, I'm hoping that it'll be back to the levels 
that our aspiration is. We'll come back to the level. But if I have to give 
a comment of, for example, this calendar year, if I have to give a 
comment on that. I feel that, yes, because we've opened a lot of stores, 
we've opened some COCOs as well. Then there is depreciation in terms 
of, we've done a lot of CapEx or we continue to do CapEx, whether it 
is our warehouse, whether it is the new manufacturing and hence, the 
depreciation and all this will also start to go up. 
 
So currently, yes, if we remain at a 10%, 11% kind of EBITDA, about 
11% kind of an EBITDA, we would be seeing a 3%, 4%, 3%, 3.5% kind 
of a PAT. We are working towards it where not at the PAT level, but at 
the EBITDA level itself, can we sort of start climbing back to that 12%, 
13%? Because to be honest, yes, I myself, I'm not very happy with the 
fact that, I don't look at it more from that perspective or percentages or 
whatever my earlier benchmarking percentages. 
 
But I look at from the perspective that what is the cash residual in my 
hand, which I'm able to save, which I'm able to put back into the 
business. And not very happy with the current listing. So hopefully, 
once we start sort of building on a few drivers, which start delivering, 
we'll start seeing better EBITDA margin itself. So we'll start crossing 
12% again, which will start reflecting even in the PAT margins. 
 
Risha Mehta: 
Right. And just to complete this point, so this quarterly run rate of ₹7 
crores for employee costs and depreciation, ₹3 crores, does that include 
the new plant expenses and the depreciation or that has not yet started 
coming in? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, that has not yet started coming in. New plant, there are a few people 
who we've hired, but majorly that whole thing is not coming in. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 5.00 pm IST 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
Risha Mehta: 
Right. And you would be able to guide for a quarterly run rate on 
employee and depreciation costs right now or maybe we got to wait for 
another one or two quarters? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Sorry, I didn't catch you on that. 
 
Risha Mehta: 
So in terms of your estimates for quarterly run rate for employee costs 
and depreciation costs once the new plant comes in, so will you be able 
to guide on that right away? Or would we have to wait for one or two 
quarters for that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah, you'll have to wait for at least one quarter. And then we'll be able 
to, so probably towards the end of Q1 is when I'll be able to sort of give 
a much better concrete answer on that. 
 
Risha Mehta: 
Right. And on the channels, so first is on this institutional channel, right, 
so FY '24, it seems was a very good year for the institutional channel 
sales, but this year has been subdued. So any specific reasons why this 
channel has been subdued? And how can we kind of reduce the 
lumpiness of the revenues, the sales that we do to this channel? And 
what was the contribution in last year versus nine months this year? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So I actually mentioned this right at the beginning that institutional, 
there was one strategic institutional sales, which we did last year, which 
was not of sort of a recurring nature. And hence, that whole data 
probably today looks skewed. And that sale in itself was to the tune of 
almost ₹26 crores, ₹27 crores, right? 
 
So if you knock off that and then if you study the data, you will see that 
institutional in its own has also started growing now. We have a proper 
institutional team. We have institution head who is heading that 
business. So we've sort of strengthened that department also and 
looking at sort of building on to that. 
 
Risha Mehta: 
Right. And on the CSD channel, so I think we had entered this channel 
in Q4 of FY '24. So in nine months, how has this shaped up? What kind 
of revenues have we done in nine months? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Very well. So in fact, overall, our bulk of the growth, one is which has 
been fuelled has come from the CSD channel. So whatever some 
channel corrections or, for example, your Reliance-Centros closing and 
all that and tepid market conditions. But in spite of all of that, we've 
been able to post strong numbers, one strong reason for that is the CSD 
channel. We've been doing well over there, Risha, and hopefully, so 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 5.00 pm IST 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
what we also intend to do is once we have our own plant completely 
functional and running, a lot of these models, which we are servicing to 
the canteen stores department are going to move in-house. 
 
And hence, whatever there is a margin compromise today happening 
because of the certain pricing that you've given to canteen stores 
department, those things should also get corrected. But yes, net-net 
answer, we've been doing pretty well over there. We are getting a good 
traction over there, and we plan to expand it even further. 
 
Risha Mehta: 
Right. And what would be your revenue mix across brands, across 
categories and between hard luggage, soft luggage? Would it be 
possible to quantify that? Or maybe I can write for this data? Maybe I 
can give... 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. I'll prefer that, and we'll give you all the data. 
 
Risha Mehta: 
Sure, thanks so much for the detailed answers and best wishes. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks, Risha. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Abhi Jain. 
Abhi, you can unmute and ask. 
 
Abhi Jain: 
Hi, good evening. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Good evening, Abhi. 
 
Abhi Jain: 
Just first question is simply looking at one of your listed competitors 
and they are talking about improving EBITDA margins in Q4. And 
obviously, they have also given a guidance that they're seeing tailwinds 
and they're seeing turning things around. And you were also mentioning 
that Q4 seems to be a 15%, 20% growth kind of a quarter. But just on 
the EBITDA margin, and I know it's very short-term, but given that 
uncertain environment we are in, do you think that you'll be able to 
maintain or slightly better this EBITDA margin in Q4? Or are you 
seeing any headwinds to that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
The first point is that the 15%, 20% growth, if we sort of do that, I think 
the EBITDA margin should be sort of better. 
 
Abhi Jain: 
And just a second question. I mean, we were on a trajectory and last 
year, I mean, you were expecting that there will be a 25% growth rate. 
And obviously, you were growing much faster than your peers and you 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 5.00 pm IST 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
were looking like that you have winner's edge, some industry-leading 
edge. But we had to recalibrate this year because the industry went into 
a headwind. And you must have also reflected and look back upon this 
year and must have. I don't know, I mean, you must have realised that 
there are certain competitive advantages that Brand Concepts have, 
which will put you in a better state in the coming two years. 
 
So I just wanted to understand, I mean, what has this year sort of taught 
you and help you understand about the company, how you are 
positioned in front of your competitors? And what makes you feel 
confident that in the next one or two years or maybe even three years, 
you will be the industry-leading player, if I may say so, or if I'm the 
liberty to say so or you have those. I'm not able to frame it properly, but 
I just want to understand that. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, no, I got your question, Abhi. I think it's a very, very good question 
because yes, you're absolutely right. We've been doing a lot of 
introspection. We've been doing a lot of thinking on what is our 
competitive advantage, and trust me, the more that we think about it, 
the more we reflect on it and the more we feel, yes, we've made 
mistakes. 
 
We've made mistakes when it comes to getting the right product. 
Benetton today, UCB, for example, in the first year of its operations, 
this is the first complete full year of operations of Benetton. And we 
should be sort of ending at a ₹50 crore plus retail, which in wholesale 
translates to about ₹25-odd crores. So we should be able to translate 
around the ₹50 crores of retail. 
 
Now I would say it's not a bad feel for a new brand. But none of us 
internally possibly are very, very happy about it. The simple fact that 
we could have done much better. And hence today, so for example, 
Benetton handbags, very miniscule. We could have done wonders over 
there, but the product didn't fire. It was not well accepted by the 
consumers. Now while I understand that it's a learning curve and all of 
that, but I think we should have done better. We are not a new player 
where we can afford to have so many learning curves, right? And this 
brings me to the point, somebody else also, I think gentlemen had asked 
that you're signing more brands. 
 
So whatever we've been able to do with Benetton and Aeropostale been 
able to do and not been able to do, has given us enough room, enough 
food for thought that are we prepared to sort of sign other brands. 
Today, for example, and I have always mentioned that brands are -- it's 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 5.00 pm IST 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
a constant process where you are in the process of discussions with 
those brands. And we are in discussions with almost four to five brands. 
Some of them will materialise, some of them will not. 
 
But if I were to ask a question that tomorrow if all those four or five 
brands say yes on the same date, the brands are so good that I'll not be 
able to say no to any one of them, right, are we prepared to sort of do 
justice to those brands, understanding where the customer and the brand 
fitment with the product is happening or not, because today's consumers 
become smart. So one game is simple, the pricing game. You make a 
bare shell product and just put a particular pricing. I never wanted to 
take that route, and I will never take that route, right? So we do that 
whole product brand fitment, consumer fitment, price fitment and all of 
that. 
 
So I think a lot of areas where we can improve. Women handbags, for 
example, is a complete white space for us, right? Our total contribution 
of women handbags would not be more than 5%, 7%, correct? So we 
have a lot of headwind over there, a lot of headroom over there. 
Similarly, for example, backpacks. Backpacks still, I don't think we've 
reached that right potential where, so a lot of headroom in backpack. So 
a lot of different product categories, a lot of strengthening is required, 
which we are doing internally. Bagline, as I said, can we be the sort of 
disruptor over there with our stores, or is it just another run-of-the-mill 
physical retail store. 
 
So today, physical retail is nothing, but it's going to be an experience. 
Are we able to give that experience to the consumer? We are not, to be 
very honest. Not very happy with the kind of experience that we have 
been able to deliver. So we need to do a lot of -- there's a lot of work 
which needs to be done. This year, we've taken more as a year of 
consolidation. So we've done a lot of internal this thing. 
 
Our warehousing, we've been running on that old warehousing for a 
very long time. So we moved to a new facility in this year. Our 
deliveries got impacted. Our e-commerce deliveries got impacted in the 
beginning. But now it's all settling down. We're building a world-class 
warehouse. We've taken a consultant in order to sort of optimize their 
inventory management and the flow of it. So a lot of efforts we've done 
this year. And hopefully, we should be able to see the results in the 
coming years. So yes, this year that ways has been extremely good for 
us. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 5.00 pm IST 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
Abhi Jain: 
Again, thank you for your candid honesty as always, that's great. And 
just finally, I wanted to understand what do you understand about the 
consumer behaviour in India, particularly in travel and luggage? You 
have been doing this for almost 15, 20 years now. Can you in a way 
summarize this Indian consumer? What happens to this Indian 
consumer that it is so jubilant and vibrant and ready to go out shop for 
brands a few years, then suddenly it sort of isolates and then suddenly, 
it just goes into these that it delays the shopping decision, we see price 
fall happening. So what have you made out of the consumer behaviour 
of Indian consumer? And have you been able to understand the 
consumer better? That's what I wanted to understand. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, see I think what has happened and specifically if I'll talk about the 
Travel Gear space. See, having said that, we also have to understand 
that the past four quarters, overall retail has been slow. So it's not that 
it's only Travel Gear, which has been slow. You look at everybody's 
results, right? So overall retail, overall consumerism has gone down, 
whether it was inflation, whether it was less money in the pocket or 
whether it was all the money going into SIP, now these are reasons to 
just sort of post-mortem. But whatever it was, the reality was that there 
was less walk-in. The offtake from the end retail point or e-commerce 
or whatever has been muted. So overall retail sentiment had been 
muted. 
 
Now if we come to Travel Gear for specific, what happened was 
suddenly two large players went into a price war, one for the other 
reason, one for some other reason, right? I would not want to comment 
on why going into it. But now for us, you have to understand what was 
happening is, earlier the entry price point was about ₹3,500, ₹4,000 for 
a branded product in the market for a cable. Then the next player was 
selling it for about ₹4,000, ₹4,500. Then the next brand came at, say, 
₹5,000, ₹5,500. And then it was us somewhere around ₹7,000 kind of a 
mark, so ₹7,000, ₹7,500. 
 
Now what happens is suddenly, one of them go rock bottom. They just 
suddenly slash the pricing. The other guys follow suit. So now the 
difference is you buy something for ₹1,500 or you buy something for 
₹8,500, right? So I don't blame the consumer today that no matter how 
discerning the consumer is, if you're making a shift of buying behaviour 
of 20%, 30%, it is understandable, 40% understandable, 50% 
understandable.so I was buying at ₹5,000 now I am getting at ₹7,000-
₹7,500 so 50% jump. But I'm getting a Tommy as a brand, I'm getting 
fashion and all of that. But Abhi, the decision making is ₹2,000 and 
₹8,000. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 5.00 pm IST 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
 
So then suddenly you can't say that the consumer has suddenly gone, 
it's what we ourselves have done to the industry. But it's our own 
making. It seems as if it's the race not to the finish line, but to the bottom 
line. I don't know. But hopefully, this will not continue. It's going to 
change and things are going to start to come back. 
 
Abhi Jain: 
Thank you again. Thank you for your honesty and thank you for your 
detailed answers. It's always good to understand the consumer and the 
market better from you, it's coming straight from the horse's mouth is 
always the true picture. So thank you and wish you all the best for the 
coming quarters. Thank you. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks Abhi. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the last question from the line of Yashowardhan 
Agarwal. Yashowardhan you can unmute and ask. 
 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
In my experience to some of the retailers that I have talked in the 
ground, they are seeing that the online sales has hampered their growth, 
and so wanted to know what is our traction that we are receiving from 
our stores? Because the guidance that we have given is also the growth 
in retail sector, right from retail stores taking the store count to 100. So 
if the existing players are seeing that the online sales are impacting the 
retailers consumption behaviour. So just wanted to know that how are 
you feeling about it and what are the thing that dealers must be telling 
you, right? That what is their experience? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, I believe that all these, whether it is e-commerce or whether it is 
offline, this is going to parallelly exist. But having said that, things are 
changing so fast, it's become such a dynamic world that you cannot be 
held on to with one thought, right? So if today, I decide that or probably 
I would have given a narrative that what, we'll open 100 stores or we'll 
take the store count to 100. I think we need to be nimble on our feet to 
understand if disruption is happening, and we need to slow that down 
and we need to be a little more aggressive on digital or on e-commerce 
side, why not? 
 
At the end of the day, you are still servicing the end consumer, right? 
Somebody with some product, somebody with some product. So today, 
I think one big disruptor, which is coming in the market is the quick 
commerce. If you understand e-commerce and physical retail, one big 
advantage the physical retail carried was instant gratification, right? So 
you pay and you get the product in hand and you move out, correct? E-

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 5.00 pm IST 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
commerce was doing one day delivery or at best 2-3 days, but now with 
quick commerce, it's 8 minutes. So they solved the instant gratification 
also, correct? 
 
Earlier, it was only your essentials or grocery items. But today, these 
guys have become aggressive even in -- they're getting into the fashion 
categories also, right? And looking at them, Myntra is preparing for its 
own sort of quick commerce. Amazon is preparing for their own quick 
commerce. Everybody is preparing for their quick commerce. So how 
would retail pan out in this, is why, as I said that we want to -- we are 
in the process of taking a step back and understanding that actually what 
are you delivering from the store, that instant gratification also is being 
met by that platform, whether it is Myntra now or whether it is Blinkit 
and it's become a phenomenon. 
 
So should we open stores or should we be just partnering with them and 
open dark stores rather be present with them. So these are fundamental 
questions that needs to be answered. I still believe that experience in 
retail is going to be the key. Now what kind of an experience are we 
able to deliver will decide whether your particular offline model will 
survive or will... 
 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
Got it. And one last question. So what is the strategy pertaining to 
opening the new store in terms of be it of Bagline or Tommy Hilfiger 
and let's say last time you also guided that we had signed JCs. So it is 
possible that we can open the store of a particular delegated brand. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. So we've signed our first store of JC, so hopefully, somewhere 
around in April, we should launch our first store in JC as well. But as I 
said, as I've mentioned earlier also, our primary focus would remain on 
opening Bagline. But if a brand has the strength and merit of sustaining 
a store and also from a perspective of presenting the brand experience 
to the end consumer so that there are some stores where they can come 
and experience the brand in its entirety, we'll open those stores. 
 
So today also, if you look at out of the 46 stores that we have, there are 
only four Tommy Hilfiger Travel Gear stores, right? So the focus is for 
sure on opening more and more of Bagline stores where we are able to 
sort of showcase all our brands under one roof. 
 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
Got it. That's all from me. Thank you and good luck. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks Yashowardhan. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q3 & 9M FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2025 5.00 pm IST 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Since that was the last question, I will now hand over the 
call to Vinay. Over to you. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thanks. So Abhinav, would you like to give any closing comments 
before we end this call? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, I think I'm exhausted with my comments. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Sure. So thank you to all the participants for joining on the call, and 
thank you to the management for giving us their time. This brings us to 
the end of today's call. You may all disconnect now. Thank you. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
All right. Thank you, everyone. 
