  
SBI Life Insurance Company Ltd. 
Registered and Corporate Office: Natraj, M.V. Road and Western Express Highway Junction 
Andheri (East), Mumbai 400 069. Tel.: (022) 6191 0000/ 3968 0000 
IRDAI Regn. No. 111. CIN: L99999MH2000PLC129113
www.sbilife.co.in
January 24, 2025 
SBIL/CS/NSE-BSE/2425/227 
Vice President 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, BKC, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051 
NSE Symbol: SBILIFE 
General Manager 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai 400001 
BSE Scrip Code: 540719 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference call for Q3 of FY 2024-25 
This is in continuation to our intimation letter ref. No.: SBIL/CS/NSE-BSE/2425/216 dated 
January 13, 2025 and in compliance with the provision of Regulation 30 read with 
Schedule III (Part A) (Para A) (15) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose transcript of the earnings conference call 
held on Friday, January 17, 2025. 
The transcript of the earnings conference call with analysts/investors is also hosted on 
the Company's website at www.sbilife.co.in 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
Girish Manik 
Company Secretary 
ACS No. 26391 
Encl: A/a 
Girish 
Mahesh 
Manik
Digitally signed 
by Girish 
Mahesh Manik 
Date: 2025.01.24 
12:39:17 +05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
“SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. AMIT JHINGRAN - MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO 
                                    MR. SANGRAMJIT SARANGI - PRESIDENT & CFO 
                                    MR. ABHIJIT GULANIKAR - PRESIDENT, BUSINESS STRATEGY 
                                    MR. SUBHENDU BAL - CHIEF ACTUARY & CHIEF RISK OFFICER 
                                    MR. PRITHESH CHAUBEY - APPOINTED ACTUARY 
                                    MS. SMITA VERMA – SVP, FINANCE & INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
Q3 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit 
Jhingran, MD and CEO, SBI Life Insurance. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Jhingran. 
Amit Jhingran: 
Good evening, everyone. We are happy to welcome you all to the Results Update Call 
of SBI Life Insurance for the period ended December 31, 2024. We appreciate and 
thank you whole heartedly for your time and efforts attending our earnings call. Update 
on our financial results can be accessed on our website as well as on the website of 
both the stock exchanges. Along with me, Sangramjit Sarangi, President and CFO; 
Abhijit Gulanikar, President of Business Strategy; Subhendu Bal, Chief Actuary and 
Chief Risk Officer; Prithesh Chaubey, Appointed Actuary and Smita Verma, Senior Vice 
President, Finance and Investor Relations are present. 
 
As we reflect on our results for this quarter, we would like to begin by acknowledging 
that Q3 2023 was an exceptionally strong period, setting a very high benchmark for us. 
Despite the high base from last year's Q3, we are pleased to report that company has 
continued to perform well. Not only did we manage to sustain our momentum, but we 
also achieved growth. During the quarter, December month's new business premiums 
were one of the highest ever collection for the company.  
This speaks volumes about our team's resilience, adaptability and commitment to 
delivering strong results regardless of the high benchmark we set last year. I am 
pleased to share that we have seen progress in several key areas as compared to 
previous corresponding period, demonstrating the strength and dedication of our 
teamwork. We are building a strong base by improving the agency and banca 
productivity levels. 
 
By leveraging customer insights and industry trends, we have created solutions that 
provide enhanced coverage, greater flexibility and more tailored options, ensuring that 
we continue to deliver exceptional value. I am delighted to share that as per our ongoing 
commitment to meet the evolving needs of our customers, during the month of 
December we have successfully added one more product in our Platina series that is 
Smart Platina Supreme, a non-par guaranteed savings product which provides a stable 
guaranteed income stream, ensuring financial security and it is for any life stage. The 
initial response has been encouraging and the company collected more than INR2.5 
billion of premium under this product within a span of 20 days. Moving forward, we 
remain committed to the continuously assessing and refining our offerings, ensuring 
that we are well equipped to meet dynamic demands of our customers. We recognize 
that staying attuned to customer preferences and market trends is essential for our 
continued success. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
 
Now let me give you some key highlights for the period ended 31st December 2024. 
New business premium stands at INR262.6 billion and maintained private market 
leadership with a share of 22.4%. Individual new business premium stands at INR198.6 
billion with a growth of 12% and private market share of 27.8%. For Q3 FY '25, the 
company's individual new business premium grew by10% as compared to industry 
growth of 6%. 
 
Gross written premium stands at INR609.8 billion with a growth of 9%. Protection new 
business premium stands at INR27.9 billion. Profit after tax stands at INR16 billion with 
a strong growth of 48% over corresponding period last year. Value of new business 
stands at INR42.9 billion. VoNB margin stands at 26.9% for the period ended December 
31, 2024. Embedded value of the company as on December 31, 2024 stands at 
INR681.4 billion, registering a growth of 17% over March 31, 2024. 
 
Our assets under management stand at INR4.42 trillion with a growth of 19% over 
corresponding period last year. Solvency ratio of 2.04 as against the regulatory 
requirement of 1.50.  
We will now update you on each of the key parameters in detail.  
Let me start with the premium 
Individual new business premium has grown to INR198.6 billion with a growth of 12% 
over last period. The company's private market share stands at 27.8% and industry 
market share stands at 17.4%. For the quarter 3 FY '25, the company's individual new 
business grew by 10% as compared to industry growth of 6%. On individual rated new 
business, we stand at INR145.5 billion with a growth of 14% over the last period and 
maintaining our leadership position with private market share of 25.3% and total market 
share of 17.8%. 
 
The company's 3-year CAGR of IRP that is individual rated new business premium 
stands at 17%, outpacing the industry CAGR of 13%. This is on backdrop of consistent 
growth in performance which company delivered year-on-year. We have witnessed 
some headwinds in group business, particularly with our group savings products. Group 
new business premium stands at INR64.0 billion with contribution of 24% in new 
business premium.  
Having said that, we have collected total new business premium of INR262.6 billion. 
The company's private market share stands at 22.4% and total market share stands at 
9.5%. The company's 5-year CAGR of new business premium stands at 15%, 
outpacing the industry CAGR of 7%. Renewal premium grew by 15% to INR347.3 billion 
which accounts for 57% of the gross written premium.  
To sum up, gross written premium stands at INR609.8 billion with a growth of 9% over 
corresponding previous period. In terms of APE, premium stands at INR159.7 billion, 
registering a growth of 11%. Out of this, individual APE stands at INR147.3 billion with 
a growth of 14%. During the period ended December 31, 2024 a total of 15.88 lakh new 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
policies were issued. That is 1.58 million. Number of lives covered during the period 
ended December 31, 2024 is 18.4 million.  
The growth in sum assured serves as a positive indicator of consumer confidence and 
the increasing awareness of the importance of financial protection. This upward trend 
reflects a shifting mindset among individuals who recognize the need for 
comprehensive coverage to safeguard their future. 
 
Individual new business sum assured registered a growth of 33% over corresponding 
previous period and for the quarter growth was at 46%.  
                                           Let me give you detail about the product mix. As on December '24, our guaranteed non 
par saving products are contributing 18% on individual APE basis. Individual ULIP new 
business is at INR127.4 billion with a growth of 25% over corresponding last period and 
constitutes 64% of individual new business.  
The growth in ULIP can be attributed to the movement in equity markets. The trend is 
evident across the industry as more customers seek product that blend investment 
opportunities with protection. Individual protection new business is at INR5.2 billion. 
Individual protection business for Q3 FY '25 has grown by 12% on NBP basis as 
compared to Q2 FY '25. Group protection new business stands at 22.7 billion.  
Credit Life new business has grown by 8% and it stands at to be INR17.3 billion. 
Protection business contributes 8% of APE and stands at INR13.5 billion. Retirement 
plans assist customers in building a substantial corpus of funds to maintain their desired 
lifestyle and manage expenses in their golden years. Total annuity and pension new 
business underwritten by the company is INR53.1 billion. 
 
Moving to update on distribution partners.  
                                           With the strength of more than 57,000 CIFs, SBI and regional rural banks 
bancassurance business contributes a share of 63% on total APE basis and on 
individual APE basis it stands at INR97.2 billion with growth of 8%. SBI branch 
productivity on individual APE terms stands at INR5.5 million for the period and 
registered a growth of 9%. 
 
As mentioned in our last quarter's call, the digital channel within SBI Bank relationship 
is garnering good numbers of customers. And during the quarter, it attracted more than 
50,000 customers opting for protection policies through self-initiated journey. With the 
enhanced focus on agency channel and strategic launch of agency 2.0, we have 
witnessed impressive strides in agent activation, agency channel productivity on 
boarding of new agents and better collaboration between agents.  
Our agent productivity for the period stands at 2.9 lakhs on individual NBP terms, 
registering a growth of 27% over corresponding previous period. Agency registered new 
business growth of 36% over corresponding previous period and contributes 26%. 
Agency channel individual APE showed a growth of 31% over last period and stands at 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
INR44.0 billion. As on December 31, 2024, the total number of agents stands at 
2,41,251. During the period ended December '24, the company added more than 
75,000 agents on a gross basis. 
 
As part of our strategic initiative to strengthen our presence across the country, we have 
opened 46 new branches this year. By the end of the financial year, we plan to add an 
additional 40 branches. The expansion is aligned with our vision to create infrastructure 
that supports the long-term development of our agency channel. Our expansion targets 
are carefully designed to cater not only to Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities, but also to 
underserved Tier 3 and Tier 4 regions. All these steps have resulted in increase in the 
share of agency channel in individual rated premium from 26% in previous period to 
30% in current period.  
                                           During the period ended December 31, 2024 other channels that is direct, corporate 
agents, brokers, online and web aggregators grew by 26% in terms of individual new 
business premium. Linked business through other channels registered growth of 53% 
on APE basis.  
We are investing in building our online business channel. Individual rated premium 
through this channel has grown by 71% for the current period as compared to previous 
period of last year and protection business through this channel on IRP terms grew by 
23% as compared to previous period last year. 
 
Coming to updates on profitability. The company's profit after tax for the period ended 
December 31, 2024 stands at INR16 billion with a robust growth of 48% as compared 
to previous corresponding period. Our solvency remained strong at 2.04 against 
regulatory requirement of 1.50. Value of new business stands at INR42.9 billion with a 
growth of 6%. VoNB margin stands at 26.9% for the period ended December 2024. The 
shift in VoNB is mainly on account of increase in share of ULIP business as compared 
to previous period. 
 
Embedded value for the company as on December 31, 2024 stands at INR681.4 billion, 
registering a growth of 17% over March 31, 2024. Coming to operational efficiencies. 
Our opex ratio stands at 5.3% and the total cost ratio stands at 10.2% for the period 
ended December 31, 2024. With respect to persistency of individual regular premium, 
13th month persistency stands at 86.10% , an improvement of 83 basis points and 61st 
month persistency stands at 63.29%, an improvement of 521 basis points. 
 
As mentioned in my opening remarks, asset under management stands at INR4.42 
trillion as at December 31, 2024, having growth of 19%. Debt claim settlement ratio 
stands at 99.3%. The company has registered an improvement of 44 basis points over 
last period. Our misselling ratio stands at just 0.03% which is one of the lowest in the 
industry and this is achieved through our consistent approach adopted to ensure right 
selling to the customers. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
 
Digitalization is transforming the life insurance industry enabling us to deliver enhanced 
services and a more seamless experience for our customers. As we embrace this digital 
transformation, we remain committed to innovation and excellence, ensuring that we 
stay ahead in an increasingly competitive landscape. The company continues efficient 
usage of technology for simplification of processes with 99% of the individual proposals 
being submitted digitally. 50% of the individual proposals are processed through 
automated underwriting. 
 
To conclude, by fostering a culture of resilience and continuous improvement, 
supported by a clear focus of developing agency channel along with the partner bank 
network, we are confidently positioned for the future. Our commitment to exceptional 
customer service strengthens client relationships and reinforces our status as a trusted 
leader in the market. With a focus on long-term sustainable and profitable growth, we 
aim to create lasting values for our customers, shareholders and communities paving 
the way for a prosperous future together. Thank you all and now we are happy to take 
any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
comes from the line of Avinash Singh with Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Good set of numbers, particularly considering the backdrop. 
A few questions. The first one would be more that now, I mean, of course, we have 
crossed the 9 month. So there should be more clarity around what's happening with 
your main channel bank SBI Bank and also how agency is performing. And also the 
impact of surrender regulation of course it is known in reported numbers.  
So if you can just sort of provide your guidance regarding growth and margin for the full 
year FY '25. And related to that, if you can just try to quantify if at all, there was some 
impact from this product filing under new surrender regulations. That's the question 
number one. Second would be agency, of course, the addition and deletion are kind of 
a pretty regular, but if I see particularly this quarter, somehow agency deletion seems 
to have picked up, I mean, nearly 50,000-odd. So addition is like a 25,000 per quarter 
that has been happening for the last 3 quarters. But deletion has certainly picked up in 
Q3. So what is going on there with the agency? If you can just sort of provide more 
color. And lastly one more, protection side again I see that individual protection, the 
decline had kind of nearly arrested more or less quarter has been flat Y-o-Y basis.  
And if we understand the pickup with the product like the Smart Shield Premier and that 
of product targeted bank customer is good. But I think the premium growth for individual 
protection is not kind of still coming into positive. If you can just help understand if there 
is a significant change in regular protection vis-a-vis a return of premium product on a 
year-on-year basis? 
Management: 
First of all, thanks for congratulating on our numbers. Your first question about the 
growth, banca and agency. So you would have noticed that our growth for the first 9 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
months is in line with the kind of guidance that we had at the end of second quarter, the 
first half year when we said that we will be growing somewhere around 15%. 
 
And on IRP basis, that growth is more or less there. On both the channels, agency as 
well as banca, the growth is more or less is in line with the targets that we had taken for 
the year. And banca channel grew by almost 10% in first 9 months whereas agency 
channel is growing by almost 29% to 30% in the first 9 months. For the remaining period 
also, we expect the growth to be in the same range and overall basis, we continue to 
stick to our guidance of 15% on IRP basis. 
 
Your second question was regarding the number of agents addition as you said is 
around 75,000. But net addition is less because the deletion for the period is a little 
higher. The basic reason behind that is that the company has changed the definition of 
active agents. And now with the stricter enforcement of the activation guideline, we 
have deleted a large number of agents who were not active as per company's definition 
during the quarter.  
So that number is approximately 40,000 - 45,000 during this quarter. So going on – this 
was a onetime exercise and going on we will continue to stick to this definition only. So 
going forward, the net addition numbers will be better. Coming to protection. We have 
seen a shift towards the pure protection products as compared to the return of premium 
policies.  
Now 57% policies out of the protection segment. I mean 57% policies are with the return 
of premium whereas the mix in pure protection has increased to 43% and that is being 
reflected in our product portfolio for December quarter. 
Avinash Singh: 
And if you can just sort of provide some color on any impact from this surrender 
regulation changes on the margin? Because I mean in the margin walk, of course, I 
mean, that part might be included somewhere in the operating assumption changes or 
something. So if you can just help understand if there was any impact on the surrender 
regulation changes. 
Management: 
Yes. So all our products have been relaunched with the new guideline of first year 
surrender. But one quarter is a very, very short period to have any kind of experience 
and any kind of margin impact on overall company basis. We will see that how this 
surrender in the first year pans out and how it affects our margins. 
Management: 
Just to add that as we have mentioned earlier that our impact even potential impact is 
very minimum. We don't see much impact will come in on account of the surrender 
value. 
Avinash Singh: 
Okay. Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Shreya Shivani with CLSA. Please go 
ahead. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
Shreya Shivani: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on the individual protection. So we 
had mentioned in the last quarterly call that we've launched the 3-click products on 
YONO and that should see better growth in the quarter to come. So while there is a 
good quarter-on-quarter pickup, but wanted to understand is it far more difficult to scale 
up a product just on YONO app or is this product also available in other channels?  
I wanted to understand some color around this product and whether the margins of this 
product are higher or weaker than our earlier versions of individual protection products 
that we have. Second is just an update on the banca channel. There were quite a bit of 
noise around the misselling or the concentration risk, etcetera on this channel. And 
we've also noticed that the regulator has set up a task force on the banca channel in 
October 2023.  
So if you can give us any update on what came out of it? Any commentary any 
interactions that you've had and how should we look at this channel? I understand 
you've given us a growth guidance that it should pick up, but from the regulators point 
of view and the different task force that have been set up around it, what's going on, if 
you can help us with this? 
Management: 
So first talking about the individual protection product on the YONO platform that we 
were talking, which we informed last analyst call and which you were referring to. So 
this product, we are happy to say that contrary to your perception that it is difficult to 
sell. In the last 4 months, we have been able to sell more than 70,000 policies of this 
product, almost 73,000 as on date.  
So one thing that we have noticed here and in the earlier question I responded also, 
that in this particular product we are seeing a good growth in pure protection policies in 
place of the return of premium policies. That has improved our sum assured. Of course, 
the ticket size in pure protection is much lesser than the return of premium products. 
So it is not reflecting on the total premium side, but the number of policies. And overall, 
we are happy the way this product is faring. 
 
Talking of banca channel, you are right that there is a lot of noise in the market, but as 
on date, we have not heard anything from the regulator on this particular subject. And I 
would like to emphasize that IRDA always had a consultative kind of approach on every 
subject whatever they have done, they have done after floating a paper, circulating draft 
guidelines, taking industry view and then only they have decided on anything.  
On banca channel, we have not received any consultation paper or any task force that 
you were talking about. We have not heard about that. So it is all around in the market, 
but nothing concrete as on date from either the regulator or from the ministry side. 
Shreya Shivani: 
So the taskforce actually there was a document on the IRDA I know it’s old. It's back in 
October 2023, but there were other life insurers who have said they have the 
representatives who are going to be a part of the task force. I saw that SBI Life was not 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
mentioned there. So I mean it seems a little confusing because it's not just there in the 
media. They have said, a year before they started speaking in media.  
They also put out this document on their own website. So then it adds to the fire, 
unfortunately. I mean, it adds to the confusion unfortunately. That's why these questions 
are coming up? 
Management: 
So I mean in the recent past, we have not heard anything on this subject from the 
regulator and that is what we stand by as on date. Having said that, whatever guidelines 
will come in, we will definitely go along with those guidelines. And you must have 
noticed we are also focusing on our agency channel to take care of any contingency. 
But as on date, there is no such thing in the discussion stage. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it sir. Thank you very much. This answers my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Supratim Datta with Ambit. Please go 
ahead. 
Supratim Datta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My question is on the agency side, I understand you have 
laid out certain plans that you want to do this year, but if I have to take a 5 year view, 
by when do you think agency can go up to around 50% contribution to the overall APE 
and what all building blocks we would need to put in place for agency to contribute 
50%? If you could give us some color on that? 
 
And then in that what would be the banca growth we'll have to build in? If you could 
give us some color on that, that would be very helpful. That would be my first question. 
Then on the banca growth when do we think the banca growth will get ramp up and get 
closer to the overall APE growth that we are delivering. Currently, it's still in the single 
digit. So by when do we think that gets up to the double-digit figure that we used to do 
1 year back and what again, what all will be the drivers of that? If you could give us 
some color on that? 
 
And lastly coming to the new products you launched, a new product in the non par side 
recently. If you could give us some color that how that has tracked in December, if you 
could give how do you see that play out over the remainder of the year? And two, given 
ULIP has been a key driver of growth and we are entering a cycle where the overall 
equity market growth might be muted.  
In that scenario, what would be the key products that we would be focusing on to drive 
growth? If you could give us some color on that, that also would be very helpful? 
Management: 
So, if you look at our distribution mix, the overall banca contribution is much higher than 
the agency. And if you are talking about 50% agency share then obviously agency 
growth will be higher than banca growth. So we cannot have a situation where banca 
grow is in line with the overall APE growth and agency share is also growing. It itself 
become contradictory.  

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
So we have identified a lot of opportunities on the agency side. And we want to take 
advantage of that and that is why we are strengthening our agency channel by opening 
more number of branches, employing more agents, increasing agent productivity and 
all. And that is already getting reflected in our first 9 months number. Going forward 
also, we will keep on adding more branches and more agents and have a higher agency 
growth. 
 
Banca growth at 10%, I will say with the kind of base that we have is pretty satisfactory. 
And with the very strong partner bank with us we will continue to explore all kinds of 
opportunities. And as I already informed in the last analyst call also that in addition to 
the CIF network, we are also developing the alternate digital channel on the banca side. 
And as I already informed with one product and more than 70,000 policies in the first 
year, we are pretty confident that this channel will also start contributing in a bigger way 
in coming times.  
So we stand by our overall growth forecast in the medium term of 15% to 17%. And 
with the kind of growth in the banca channel, let's say, 10% and agency channel at 30% 
plus. Would like to take that question on product, Sangram. 
Management: 
Product we have launched in this quarter that is Smart Platina Supreme which is on the 
non-par side and which has done very well. And we expect that this momentum will 
continue into this quarter. But subject to the kind of rate of interest which is expected to 
come from the RBI, but at this moment it is going as per expectation and we expect that 
it will continue the same momentum in this fourth quarter of FY '25. 
 
As for ULIP, you have mentioned about the market going down and it will have some 
impact. The last 3 months the market correction has happened, but we have not seen 
any kind of connection between the market going down and the ULIP business going 
down because similarly if you have seen already in the SIPs where mutual funds have 
been increasing month-on-month, the last 3 months consistently. 
 
And we don't see any kind of challenge for the ULIP per se. Because the experience in 
the past these numbers shows that whenever the market is getting corrected, ULIP 
doesn't get much impact per se. And that is the right opportune time for the customers 
to invest because you get a lower NAV. And subsequently by the time of 5-year to 7-
year horizon, you get a better opportunity for a good return. So we don't see any 
challenge for us as far as ULIP is concerned.  
Supratim Datta: 
If you could tell us what is the APE of the Smart Platina Supreme in December, if you 
could give us some color on that, that would be helpful? 
Management: 
INR250 crores is the number. I think it is there in our opening remarks. 
Management: 
Approximately INR250 crores in the month of December. 
Supratim Datta: 
Got it. Okay. Thank you. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Prayesh Jain with Motilal Oswal Financial Services 
Limited. 
Prayesh Jain: 
A good set of numbers. Just, sir, one question is on the SBI channel. We saw, I think, 
a decent growth coming back in this quarter what different did we do in this particular 
quarter as compared to the first half, where we had seen some slowdown? Extending 
that question, the YONO sales, sales from YONO app, did you classify under SBI Bank 
itself? 
And what about the other group companies of SBI, like SBI Securities or any other 
companies that kind of sell products of SBI Life. Would they be classified in SBI? Would 
be my first question. 
Management: 
So YONO product does get classified under the channel. But the other group company, 
that is SBI Securities, they are our corporate agent. That sales is a very small in volume 
and that does not get classified under the banca channels. That is getting under the 
corporate channel. Regarding growth, I mean, even if you look at the 3 quarters of this 
financial year. 
The first quarter was pretty strong. Third quarter was pretty strong. So one quarter 
growth, 2% or 3% year-over-year doesn't matter much. These kind of things do keep 
happening. But overall, growth strength is intact, and we stand by that. 
Prayesh Jain: 
And sir, just the banca channel, do you plan to tie up with more banks and diversify your 
product distribution mix further with respect to the banca channel in particular? What is 
the strategy there? 
Management: 
So we are always on a lookout for good partners, and it is an ongoing process. 
Wherever we get good partners at the mutually acceptable terms, we will definitely be 
onboarding. So there is no embargo on that or there are no additional efforts also on 
that. It is a normal business practice of the company. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Sir, on product-level margins, how would they have behaved this quarter? And 
particularly on ULIP, the profitability, how would it have moved in this quarter? 
Managment: 
Prithesh, please. 
Management: 
I think there is not much significant change on the margin. So, margins remain even the 
part level is more or less similar to that, except in case of non-PAR or even protection. 
Because as you know we have repriced most of our non-PAR product in the Q2. And 
Q1, fall of interest rate will pass on to the customer, and that fully reflected in Q3. 
So, if you look into the Q3 product level margin, there is an enhancement coming from. 
Also, we have launched some protection riders that attach to the savings product and 
the attachment rate is quite encouraging. So that's also helping us to enhance the 
product line margins. So more or less, product line margin in the product line is similar. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
Particularly to the unit linked product, I think margin is at around earlier expectation as 
well. So not much changes on that side. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Sir, last question. You have guided for a 15% to 18% kind of growth. That would be an 
APE basis, right? And what would be your guidance or outlook on VNB growth, per se? 
Management: 
We are expecting an individual APE growth of around 15% to 17%. And the VONB will 
be in the range of around the current rate, which is going at around single digit or will 
be around 10%. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. So value of new business growth rate will be lower than individual APE growth. 
That is what you're saying? 
Managment: 
It all depends. So most likely ideally should be similar to the APE growth. But if you look 
at our base, our base is much higher and our target for growth is also much higher. So, 
growing to a higher base with higher growth rate with the same range of margin is a 
difficult task. So, what we are saying that there is a rationalism already happened to 
report the margin of 31%. 
We have fall to 27%. Our objective is to maintain the margin in the range of 27% to 29% 
kind of thing. So that perspective, we are saying that there is a possibility that our VONB 
growth might be slightly lower than the APE growth. 
Prayesh Jain: 
This is for FY '25? 
Managment: 
FY 25, we will definitely slightly lower. But going forward, because this year already, we 
grew by 14%. VONB growth is 6%. The next 3 months, we can't compensate that. But 
my guidance is in the longer-term perspective. The ongoing basis, we expected to 
maintain this margin and grow on that level. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got it. Long term, 15% to 17% individual APE growth and VONB margin in the range of 
27% to 29%, right? 
Managment: 
Yes. That's right. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh with Citi. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Just a few questions from my side. First, if I look at the embedded value between the 
third quarter and the second quarter, there seems to be a significant decline. So, I would 
assume this would be because of the equity market movements. If you can just break 
that up? I know you gave it on an annual basis. 
So, if you can just give some color on the EV movement and if there were any 
assumption changes or operating variance on the negative side. And if it was 
investment variance, if you can break it up between equity and debt. Second would be 
your non-PAR growth through the agency was quite strong during the quarter. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
So, is it a function of both term and non-PAR and whether most of it was driven towards 
last month of the quarter? And is the new product that is witnessing growth in the fourth 
quarter also being driven through agency? If you can give some qualitative 
understanding on that. And lastly, one question on your agency. 
When you mentioned that your agent activation rates have increased and you are 
witnessing productivity benefits also, could you share some kind of positive 
understanding on the differential activation rate or the differential increase in activation 
rates that you've witnessed between, let's say, newer agents versus higher vintage 
agents? 
And a similar qualitative data on the productivity side? 
Management: 
So, I'll take the second one first about the agency product mix, which you have asked. 
Let me tell you that quarter 3 product mix per agency has been very strong for both 
non-PAR protection as well as for non-PAR savings. And that has also continued in the 
9-month ending. So non-PAR protection has seen a higher double-digit growth as well 
as in the non-PAR protection also.  
And which we expect that will continue for the fourth quarter. As far as your activity or 
productivity of agents are concerned, as we have already mentioned, earlier in the 
opening remarks, so productivity level of our agents have been very strong. It has gone 
up to 2,91,000. And as far as our active productive agents, productivity also has gone 
up to now 17 lakhs. 
So, we have been investing a lot as far as agency is concerned, and we expect that it 
will continue to give us not only the growth but also the higher activity. Because the 
agency growth comes generally from the activity increases, and that is what our focus. 
On the first part is EV, I'll request Prithesh to answer. 
Management: 
So, I see on the first part, when you mentioned there is a quarter-on-quarter decline in 
EV, I don't see there is a decline. The EV has grown over the quarter. So, you look into 
September to December, there is a 3.1% growth in EV. Also, we keep disclosing the 
sensitivity of the economic variance, economic sensitivity, both in terms of equity and 
interest rate. 
If you see the equity has fallen and, to that extent, EV movement is in line with our 
sensitivity. Second other point that you asked, we can confirm, though we are not 
disclosing. We are disclosing the September, and eventually we're disclosing the year. 
All our operating variance is positive. 
As a company, we adopt the long-term sustainable assumptions. So always there is a 
positive variance coming from each and every component, be it the mortality, 
persistency or expenses. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. Sir, just one thing I would like to highlight. In the presentation, there is some 
typing relating to the Indian embedded value. It's mentioned at INR618.4 billion. I think 
1 and 8 have got reversed between the BSE filing of the presentation. So… 
Management: 
Yes, I think that -- we'll update that. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Just one follow-up on the productivity for active agents, which you mentioned at 17 
lakhs. Could it like-to-like number for, let's say, Y-o-Y or maybe 2 years back so that we 
can compare it? 
Management: 
So for our agency, as I said, the productivity is increasing. And Y-o-Y, I can tell you that 
active agent productivity has increased by 16%. And this is generally the phenomena 
for us. And which is an increasing trend for us as far as our active agent productivity is 
concerned. But overall, agent productivity also is increasing. So that is also a very good 
sign. I think we are one of the best in the private industry as far as agents productivity 
is concerned in both the parameters. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes to the line of Sanketh Godha with Avendus Spark. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir, my first question is related to individual protection business. So the individual 
protection business in APE terms have declined by 18% for 9 months. But you said that 
the mix changed towards what you call pure protection business as compared to ROP 
led to that decline. So, if I do a NOP calculation, that is a number of policies calculation 
growth. 
Whether we have seen the growth -- and this mix, 57-43, what you alluded to, is now 
have stabled. So going ahead, we can see a growth coming back to protection 
business? Or you believe this mix will keep on changing? And the growth will remain 
muted probably till a optimal mix, what you want to have will impact the protection 
business now? 
So that's my first question? 
Management: 
Sanketh, as we said, the focus is on the protection and that too within the protection -- 
pure protection. And as already mentioned about our quarter 3 numbers, so it has seen 
a drastic change in from the ROP to pure protection. So now it is doubled around, I can 
say, it is between 60-40. We are -- at this moment is 57-43. 
But if we are comfortable that it will be in the range of 60-40 in this year. As far as our 
ROP movement, so you said 19% degrowth in the protection, but the massive growth 
in our pure protection which is 53% in Y-o-Y. And in the ROP, it has come down. But 
we expect that this overall protection will continue to be good for us in the next 2 to 3 
years. 
As already mentioned, the focus is YONO. And YONO has already garnered 70,000-
plus policies. And we expect that pure protection will definitely grow. And overall 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
protection also is on the focus for the company in the next FY '26 to '27. And we will 
stabilize around 60-40 as the ratio for us in the ROP to non-ROP. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it, sir. But just for 9 months you said 70,000 for the third quarter. But for 9 months, 
the number of policies in the protection has seen a growth. And if it is, then what is the 
quantum? 
Management: 
It has seen a growth. But at this moment, we don't have basis. But I can tell you that 
number in the individual protection, which is in the pure protection, has seen a 
significant growth of 53%. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay. Got it, sir. And sir, the second question, what I had said is that you launched -- 
as you told, that Smart Platina Supreme plan, which contributed INR250 crores to 
December business. So just wanted to understand two points. One, you said whether 
the momentum of this growth continues in fourth quarter, you see a product mix change 
in the fourth quarter towards more non-PAR compared to ULIP? 
 
And second thing is if that happens, that impact on the margin. And second, is this 
product, that is Smart Platina, has a margin better than the overall company average. 
So if the mix increases, whether it will lead to a better margin profile going ahead. So 
that is my second question. And lastly, the related point is that if non-PAR APE growth 
about 7% for 9 months FY '25. 
Then if this contribution increases, will you expect this growth to be much better for full 
year and then FY '26 in that sense? 
Management: 
So on the new product, Smart Platina Supreme, the margin is better than the company 
margins so if this product contribute and that we are expecting that a product 
contribution will increase. It will help us to enhance the margin going forward. Second 
part is that we do expect the product would also help to change the product mix for the 
company as well. 
And both will result into the better company margin and better VONB growth as well. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir, but you usually just made a comment to one of the questions that you expect VONB 
growth to be lower compared to APE growth. Then if you have already launched a 
product which is better margin profile compared to company average and you expect 
that needs to go up, then I'm just wondering that your VONB growth to be lower than 
APE growth doesn't tie up to the point what you said right now? 
Management: 
So, let me try to reemphasize this point. What we're saying in the longer term, growing 
with a high growth rate and also maintain the similar level of margin -- enhancing the 
margin will be slightly challenging. So, over the period with a longer-term basis, you see 
the margin that we mentioned that it will remain in a range of 26% to 29% with objective 
to maintain minimum 27% that we're looking for. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
But some quarter, depending on the growth, you may have to rationalize the margin 
over the period. And then again, even you're able to achieve the product growth, but if 
there is a change in the product mix, non-PAR reduction will happen. That also has 
some impact. So that's the reason by saying that there is a possibility that VONB growth 
might be slightly lower than APE growth. 
Example is the part of the current financial if you look last 9 months. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got you. But on an immediate basis, you see a benefit because of the new product 
launch, and there could be a possibility of margin outlook to be better. That's a fair point 
to make on a near-term basis. 
Management: 
Yes, that's correct. . 
Sanketh Godha: 
And lastly, sir, your total APE growth is 11 for 9 months. And individual APE growth is 
14% for 9 months. So just for FY '25, would you want to give a ballpark number what 
you will grow at? You gave that number for FY '26 or little medium term to be 15% to 
17%. But for immediate fourth quarter included, what kind of a growth we can expect 
for '25 on total APE and individual APE separately? 
Management: 
So we will maintain the same rate of growth what we have done 9 months for this 
financial year. So as we have already mentioned previously, Sanketh, the individual 
APE will be in this range of 14% and total APE will be in this range around 10% to 11%. 
Strategically, if you have seen that why the overall APE has come down, is because of 
the group fund management business.  
And here, already has MD in the opening remarks said, so the market where we want 
to be in a profitable business. So that is the reason we are concentrating on individual 
APE this financial year, around 14%, 15% and this total APE of around 10% to 11%. . 
Moderator: 
Next question comes to the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala with IIFL Institutional Equities. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Just a couple of questions. Firstly, on the margin side. I just wanted to understand, 
you've been able to maintain margins sequentially, whereas the product mix has gotten 
tilted more towards ULIPs in this quarter. So what were the tailwinds that helped you in 
this quarter? And also, you mentioned 27% to 29% in the long term. 
Then outside of a change in product mix where, say, ULIP comes down and traditional 
goes up and protection goes up in the future, are there any other levers that you can 
call out? 
Management: 
On the first part, despite ULIP mix, there are multiple reasons are there. First reason 
that we have explained a few minutes back that in Q1, we are not able to pass the 
impact of the yield fall on the customer. And that part we have all the non-PAR products, 
repriced in the Q2. And that's reflected in the Q3. That's the reason the non-PAR margin 
has gone up as compared to Q1. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
So that's compensated to some extent the impact on the margin on account of increase 
in ULIP business. Also, we mentioned that we launched several protection products, 
and we also mentioned that pure protection has better margin. So that's also helping 
us. Second aspect is that we have launched the protection rider and attached to our 
savings product.  
And attachment rate is also quite encouraging. They're also helping us to enhancing 
the margin of that. So, despite the product non-PAR is stable at the similar level, we 
have seen this. Other aspects that we've mentioned that we get some better terms and 
condition from the reinsurer, particularly for the credit life business. 
And that also helped us to enhance the product level margin. And all together, if you 
club together that helped to maintain the margin, even enhance the margin for this 
quarter, if you look into the quarter on a sequential basis, despite the ULIP mix has 
increased. And we're also working and we're going to run some of the protection rider 
under unit linked business. 
And we hope that this also help us. Other than product mix, there will always be the 
lever and that we keep saying that, as a company, we try to optimize the value of both 
for the company as well as the policyholder. And in that prospect, we have evaluating 
and exploring each and every customer segment and try to design the product for that 
particular segment, optimize value. 
And that optimization and segmentations is helping us to enhance the margin. And that 
is another lever available with us going forward that may improve and enhance our 
margins going forward. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay, sir. And just a second question on banca. And I know in different ways, it has 
been asked during the call, but just wanted to get some color on in terms of slightly 
medium-term growth from our parent bank. For us to grow double-digit in that channel, 
how much of it is dependent on the penetration levels being lower and the banks willing 
to push that versus some of the base effect that is already there? 
And probably a caution around the products being sold. So, what I'm trying to 
understand is, how do we get comfort that, that channel even in the future with the kind 
of base we have will continue to grow double-digit, if it all? 
Management: 
See, for channel in the banca, particularly we are considering, as usually said, not only 
for SBI particularly but other banca partners also. So we have currently 5 banca 
partners. And we also have tied up with Indian Postal Payment Bank. So all across, we 
are seeing that how to penetrate or increase our penetration across the partnerships. 
As far as the current quarter is concerned, so we have seen a big base. 
So, last year, if you remember, the industry grew by 8% and we grew by 18%. With 
such a large base of the third quarter, that is the biggest quarter for us. We have seen 
a growth in the banca also. So, we believe that there are a lot of levers available for us 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
the penetration, particularly because we have seen till date. There is hardly 2.5% to 3% 
penetration in the overall market in the banking side, whoever our partners are. 
And we will capitalize all our relationships with various models, which we have already 
been very successful. And we expect that the penetration will increase and the growth 
will come back. So whatever we have seen during this financial year, I think it will settle 
down as we have already mentioned. And there are various news which we don't see 
that any point of reaction. But going forward, it will definitely help us for improvement in 
our growth rate for the banca partners, along with SBI. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Raghvesh with GM Financial. 
Raghvesh: 
Congratulations on a strong set of numbers. Sir, just a couple of questions. First, on the 
protection piece. I'm just doing some math around INR100 would have come directly 
from the new protection plan that you're selling through. So, is there a conscious 
decision to stop selling ROP products? 
And is it because there has been poor mortality experience in that segment, 
understanding is ROP is typically sent to sold to a less affluent segment. So, have we 
seen some negative mortality experience on that? 
Management: 
No, it is purely a customer's choice in this particular product on the YONO channel. We 
have seen a welcome kind of change that customers are going in for pure protection 
products. There is no conscious decision. We are offering both the options to the 
customer. But this is a welcome change that customers are opting for pure protection 
products. 
Management: 
But you do know that under the new guidelines, we have stopped one small ticket ROP, 
which we wish to sell earlier. So, to that extent, there will be some reduction in ROP in 
the future. 
Raghvesh: 
Okay, sir. And secondly, sir, with a very strong under-penetration in insurance, a 10% 
growth target from banca, I mean, is it not very low? 
Management: 
You see, there is a lot of under-penetration and under-insurance both in Indian market. 
And the same kind of demography is in the State Bank customer group also, because 
the State Bank has now 53 crores-plus customer. Almost every third Indian is having 
an account with the State Bank. So, we are very sure that the growth in the banca 
channel will be in line with the industry growth at least, and that is why we are projecting 
these kinds of numbers. 
You would have gone through the Swiss Re report also. Their expectation for the Indian 
industry to grow is around 7%. 7.3% for the next 5 years. So, projecting a 10% growth, 
I think, that is a fair enough number. But we are all set to explore and exploit all kind of 
opportunities available in the market. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Neeraj Toshniwal with UBS Securities. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Sir, just one question on Credit Life. I have missed the number. How is the growth in 
this quarter on Y-o-Y in APE terms? 
Management: 
So Credit Life in this quarter has grown 16% over last year. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
And quarter-on-quarter? 
Management: 
Quarter-on-quarter only I'm saying, Q3 FY '25 compared to Q3 FY '24. That is 16%. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Versus Q2? 
Management: 
Q2 versus Q3... 
Management: 
Sequential growth is also quite strong. 
Management: 
Q2 was a little muted Credit Life side. So Q3 numbers are much better than... 
Management: 
25% growth over Q2 according to me... 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
What is the absolute number, if you can share, this quarter, absolutely like APE? 
Management: 
No, I'll give you. 17% growth should be there sequentially. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
And absolute number, please. 
Management: 
INR171 crores. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Gaurav Jain with ICICI Prudential Mutual Funds. 
Gaurav Jain: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. And also, sir, helpful to see that you started 
giving EV disclosure on a quarterly basis. That is also helpful. Sir, two questions from 
my side. One is on reported profit after tax, we are seeing very strong growth both on a 
quarterly basis and on the 9-month basis. So if you can share some light as to, is it the 
new normal? We can expect PAT to really grow in this manner? Or is it this year 
phenomenon? 
If you can help us understand what exactly helps the PAT growth. Second, sir, on this 
new non-PAR product that we had launched and growing and also maybe on the 
existing products that we have, have we set the clawback provision or the deferred 
commission payout structure, etcetera, in place? 
Mangement: 
So, coming to your first part, which is profit after tax. So this is a reflection of multiple 
things. One is that the major contributor of the profit is coming from the investment 
income. So, investment income from both from our traditional portfolio, which is 
excluding PAR, so non-PAR and shareholders has contributed the profit for the 
company. And secondly, the backbook also is very strong for us. 
So, renewal premium has grown by 15%. So, there is a big backbook available for us 
through which we are garnering good numbers as far as the total PAT is concerned. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
And secondly, the profit growth projection which is currently seen, we will not give you 
any kind of guidance because it depends on the product mix and the kind of market 
movement during that period of time. 
So, because today, we have made profit because of the lesser growth in my traditional 
business as compared to ULIP early business. So, if tomorrow the product mix shifts 
towards more on non-PAR and PAR, so there will be a strain on the PAT. So at this 
moment, we expect that it will be in the range of around 10% to 15% growth for the 
year-on-year as far as PAT is concerned. 
And on the new product, the new non-PAR which you asked, I think I'll request Prithesh 
to answer. 
Management: 
The commission is in line with our previous product. The commission structure has not 
changed. The benefit structure has changed slightly, but commission structure has not 
changed. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Madhukar Ladha with Nuvama Wealth 
Management Limited. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. Just a couple of questions. See, the medium-
term growth you're still guiding for is 15% to 17%. Now banca channel, as I understood, 
is not expected to grow that fast. So it'll probably grow at the, whatever, 8% to 11% sort 
of a range. And it's contributing almost about 65% to individual APE. That basically 
means that the other channels have to grow at almost probably 25% sort of a number. 
 
Now my question is that what is our right to win? How will we be able to recruit that 
productive and agency channel? And we are also not that competitive when it comes 
to commission payouts. So would that mean that in order to grow at this rate, we would 
have to like aggressively also increase our commission payouts? And that would then 
also result probably in an impact on the margins coming from this channel. 
So, some sort of clarification. And like what confidence do you have that you will be 
able to grow that other channel at that faster rate and the margins on that channel? So 
that would be my question. Yes, if you can give me some color on this? 
Management: 
So, we just tell you that agency channel for SBI Life has been a consistent growth story 
for many years now, so more than 10 to 15 years. And the pressure to pay commissions 
or whatever you were mentioning has always been there. It’s not a new phenomenon. 
Our advantage is that our dependence on new agents is very limited. We have a very 
wide base of agents and activation rates which are quite good compared to some of the 
other peers. 
And that helps us widen the agency distribution. We think this strategy, we will continue. 
And it's a sustainable strategy, by which we will be able to grow the agency channel 
without having to really compete on commission. Commission competition happens 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
largely for large agents and not for mass of agents and large part of our business comes 
from mass of agents. 
And there is enough and more scope in India to recruit more agents and grow. 
Management: 
And we are helped in this particular aspect by being -- by having a very strong brand. 
People have a lot of trust. So despite whatever shortcomings you talked about of the 
agency channel, we have the largest agency channel in private sector, and it is second 
only to LIC in India. Despite all these shortcomings, we have been able to create that 
kind of sales force in the market.  
And with the kind of policies we have for our agents, we are pretty sure that we will 
continue to grow in an even better manner in coming times with the kind of opportunities 
that we have across India. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Okay. Just a follow-up also on protection. You mentioned that 57% is now pure 
protection -- sorry, is ROP and 43% is pure protection. I just wanted clarification. This 
is on value basis, right, on a premium basis, right? Or is it on number of policies? 
Management: 
Madhukar, the overall 9 months ending the ROP to non-ROP has moved from 90-10 to 
now 80-20. And we said for the quarter 3, this ratio has changed to now 75-25. 
Management: 
And this on premium in basis 
Moderator: 
The last question comes from the line of Supratim Datta with Ambit. 
Supratim Datta: 
I have just one follow-up. So if you could give us some clarity around how the cost 
structure in bank versus agency differ? And hence, given we are now going to grow in 
agency, we have been growing faster, but that proportion is going to go up. Then how 
does that impact the VNB margin? Because I just wanted to understand if 1 ULIP or 1 
non-PAR is sold versus in the agency? 
How does the margin or cost structure differ there? If you could help me understand 
that, that would be very helpful? 
Management: 
See, the major component, the differentiator between the banca and agency is the fixed 
cost in agency as compared banca. As far as the commission structures are concerned, 
it is almost similar. And for us, as already said, the agency is a consistent investment 
for us and which we have been doing it for the last 2 decades. And we will continue to 
do that. The cost efficiency, which are coming from agency is through product mix and 
the consistency. 
And that is very well reflected in our all parameters as far as the margins or the VONB 
is concerned. And we don't expect any challenge, per se, for our agency margin to go 
further down as compared to banca. Because banca is definitely profitable for us as 
compared to agency. But yes, at the same time, product mix also plays a bigger role. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
And we expect the product mix the way it is now shaping up in agency will definitely 
give us the better margin going forward. 
Supratim Datta: 
Got it. And could you quantify how much is the delta between bank and agency VNB 
margins? 
Management: 
Generally, depends on a very various parameters. So we don't disclose on those 
aspects. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the end 
of question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Amit 
Jhingran for closing comments. 
Amit Jhingran: 
Thank you, everyone, for the time and all the queries. I hope that all the queries were 
responded to by our team and me in a satisfactory manner. But just in case you have 
anything else, you can get in touch with our Investor Relations team with any follow-up 
questions. Thank you once again. God bless. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of SBI Life Insurance Company Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
Safe harbour: Please note that this transcript has been slightly edited for the purpose of clarity. Except for the historical information 
contained herein, statements in this release which contain words or phrases such as 'will', 'would', ‘indicating’, ‘expected to’ etc., 
and similar expressions or variations of such expressions may constitute 'forward-looking statements'. These statements by the 
Company and its management are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our 
business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions and 
are not guarantees of future performance. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent 
uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control, and 
actual results could differ materially from those presented in the forward-looking statements. 
 
