 
 
 ABB India Limited 
Registered and Corporate Office  
Disha – 3rd Floor, Plot No. 5 & 6, 2nd Stage 
Peenya Industrial Area IV 
Peenya, Bengaluru – 560 058 
Karnataka, India 
CIN: L32202KA1949PLC032923 
GST: 29AAACA3834B1Z4 
Phone: +91 80 22949150 – 54 
Fax: +91 80 2294 9148 
Email ID: investor.helpdesk@in.abb.com 
www.abb.com/in 
           
REF:INABB:STATUT:LODR:2025 
 
 
                        
February 24, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
 
(Attn : DCS CRD) 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E). 
Mumbai 400 051 
Attn: Listing Dept. 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/Investors Call 
 
In continuation to our letter dated February 11, 2025, February 17, 2025 and February 18, 
2025, we are enclosing a copy of the transcript of Analysts/Investors Call, which took place 
on February 18, 2025 post announcement of audited financial results of the Company for 
the fourth quarter and financial year ended December 31, 2024. 
 
The said transcript is also uploaded on the Company’s website. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For ABB India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Trivikram Guda 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ACS-17685 
Encl: as above 
Digitally signed by Trivikram Guda
DN: cn=Trivikram Guda, c=IN, 
o=Personal, 
email=trivikram.guda@in.abb.com
Date: 2025.02.24 14:31:57 
+05'30'
Trivikram 
Guda

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“ABB India Limited Q4 October to December Quarter 
and Full-Year CY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 18, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJEEV SHARMA – COUNTRY MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, ABB INDIA LIMITED 
MR. T.K. SRIDHAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ABB 
INDIA LIMITED 
MR. KIRAN DUTT – PRESIDENT (ELECTRIFICATION), 
ABB INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SANJEEV ARORA – PRESIDENT (MOTION), ABB 
INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SUBRATA KARMAKAR – PRESIDENT, (ROBOTICS), 
ABB INDIA LIMITED 
MR. NEERAJ KULKARNI – PRESIDENT, LARGE MOTOR 
DIVISION, ABB INDIA LIMITED 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to ABB India Limited's Q4 October to December 
quarter and full-year CY2024 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded, and any unauthorized recording of this 
call is strictly prohibited. The recording will be made available on the company's and SEBI's 
website subsequently.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. T.K. Sridhar – Chief Financial Officer of ABB India 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Sridhar. 
T.K. Sridhar: 
Thank you very much, Neerav. A very good morning to all of you, ladies and gentlemen. 
Welcome to the Q4 2024 as well as the full year 2024 Earnings Call of ABB India Limited.  
 
So, along with me, is Mr. Sanjeev Sharma – the Country Managing Director of ABB India. And 
I also have Sanjeev Arora representing the Motion Division and also Kiran Dutt from 
Electrification and Subrata from Robotics. And incidentally, we are today in the flagship unit of 
Baroda in the Western part of India. And I have Neeraj Kulkarni as well, who leads the Large 
Motor Division in the call as well.  
 
So over to you, Sanjeev, to take us through the Q4 and the full year results. And afterwards, we 
can follow it up with Q&A.  
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Thank you, Sridhar. Good morning to all of you. Thanks for joining in. You know, our year ends 
in December. So, this is the last quarter. That was the last quarter, and we are presenting the 
annual results to you today. We had a Board meeting yesterday wherein the Board approved our 
results.  
 
So, you can see what ABB India delivered. On back of robust 23% growth between 22 to 23, we 
grew about 6% last year. And the backlog grew by 12% on top of growth of 30% in previous 
year. Revenue expanded by 17% on top of the previous year growth of 22%. And PBT margin 
expansion, you know, it continues to gain new heights. It grew by 51%. And earning per share 
expanded by 50%. Our cash has expanded by 14%. And of course, we continue to focus on the 
sustainability aspect and our GHG emission intensity reduced year-on-year, which we are very 
proud of, because we have multiple initiatives working in this area.  
 
So you can see, in summary, about 22% CAGR growth over the last four years, and we have 
double-digit top-line growth, and we are running record-high profitability in previous quarters. 
And supply sustainability awareness is our focus. Beyond what ABB has already achieved in 
their own campuses, we are distributing that knowledge across our suppliers. Continue please.  

 
ABB India Limited 
February 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Now, in terms of financial performance, as we highlighted, revenues expanded by 22% in the 
Quarter 4, 2024. Our profit after tax expanded by 54%. And this is purely due to excellent 
performance by most of our businesses, all of our businesses, 18 divisions, as you know. We run 
18 business models in this country. And all of them have been operating at a very good level. 
And good operational efficiency, good productivity improvement, and all the investments we 
have been making in past years, they continue to add to our profitability and also aided by the 
capacity utilization.  
 
Operational EBITDA, as you know, it expanded by 56%. And the Board has approved a final 
dividend, which is 51% higher year-on-year. So, that's the distribution our shareholders will 
receive.  
 
On the portfolio side and one of the key features for last many years is that every year we 
continue to expand our portfolio, continue to localize it so that we are competitive with the 
world-class ABB technologies in Indian market. And Indian market continues to demand more 
sophisticated, more premium products, which are Hallmark of ABB Global portfolio. So, we 
expanded our Faridabad IEC Low Voltage Motor Manufacturing Unit.  
 
We adopted solar power and renewable electricity across our operations. At the same time, in 
the analyzers, we launched new products. We also secured some projects in the advanced and 
monitoring of PV and hybrid PV wind projects because this is something where the capacity 
expansion is happening and more and more supervisory systems are demanded by our customers. 
And, of course, we have reached 6 Gigawatt of solar supported through our vacuum circuit 
breakers which is done out of our Nashik unit.  
 
So sustainability, already I talked about that we have already reduced our GHG emission by 86% 
with the base year in 2019. And 40% of our suppliers are enrolled in our ESG awareness and 
assessment program. Please continue.  
 
So, we do see at this point of time a stronger momentum in our core segments of focus in Quarter 
4, complemented by a few emerging segments. So, the way we look into market is we are always 
looking for emerging segments, because in an expanding market like a country like India, the 
new segments keep appearing and we keep engaging deeper into them. They start small, but then 
they become big over a period of time.  
 
Many of you who have been following ABB for a long period of time, you must have started 
hearing from us about data centers around 2017 and 2018 as a just kind of starting segment. It 
was insignificant at that time, but now, in last year, data center was a very powerful segment for 
us and had a significant contribution to ABB books.  
 
So, that's what our mantra is, that we keep looking for these new emerging segments in a growing 
economy like India. And that's one key driver for our growth. And apart from that, we also look 
for expansion into the geography, especially in the Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities because India is very 
vibrant beyond the Tier-1 cities. And that's where the aspirations to really consume high quality 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
product is rising. And that's the kind of sentiment that we also capture into our books. And that 
is quite healthy for us in terms of expanding our EL and MO portfolio.  
 
And same way, infrastructure, process industries, transportation, be it in the metro or in the 
railways, especially with the new technologies the railways are using, I think we have a very 
strong contribution there. And as the manufacturing expands in the country, there is a positive 
impact on the automotive, electronics and other innovative industries which have started using 
robotics in it in a quite scalable way and that is a good impact we are seeing in our engagement 
in the marketplace. Please continue.  
 
So, just to give you some color in terms of what customers we served and here you can see that 
we had, like for example, for a frozen foods company, we supply distribution panels, low-voltage 
distribution panels, which is based on the ArTuK technology, which we give it out to our channel 
partners and integrators who use our technology to create solutions close to the customers.  
 
We also have the power distribution and automation company looking and modernizing with 
our solutions, continue to have solar pump drive for solar energy-based pumps supplying water 
in parts of northern India. That's again using direct solar energy and not using any fossil fuels to 
provide water supply. And also in the metals manufacturing capacity, we continue to provide 
automation solutions in the existing plants when they go for expansion and also for the 
opportunities which come on the Greenfield Way.  
 
Electronics is expansion mode in the country and they are consuming a lot of robotics. And we 
see that our solutions are really well preferred by industry as they expand based on their global 
experience and also our local capabilities. And, you know, the converters for railways, especially 
for Vande Bharat and more modern sets which are being introduced by railways. And, of course, 
the process control system, we call it a distribution and control system for data center. And of 
course, paint solutions for leading Indian automaker. So, just to give you a color of different 
market segments that we serve with our products and solutions.  
 
The continuous engagement with the customer is a key element for our growth and also 
understanding what customers are looking for. Our customers learn from us what we can do for 
them, but also we learn from our customers what exactly they are looking for, and that goes into 
our decision-making into bringing more ABB technologies into the country and localize them, 
because that way we can detect early trends. And we take our bets on it, and that's what gets 
baked into our growth journey going forward. And it's something we see a long road ahead for 
us in terms of amount of technology India will consume from ABB, and as we continue to bring 
that to India, localize it, and make it available for masses, and continue to expand our businesses 
with it.  
 
Same way, we continue to do a lot of seminars for our customers across different market 
segments and geographies. And that's one of the key elements for us to expand. Please continue. 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
So, this is a slide that most of you must be familiar with. These are the market segments we 
focus. So, if I say low segment, that means that is growing about 7%. Moderate is between 7% 
to 11%. And high is above 11%. So, that's how these market segments are growing. And if you 
see the distribution of our business, low segment, you will get about 37%. Moderate one will get 
44%. And high segment, they are contributing now in a significant way since they have become 
part of our core offering.  
 
And we always see that there is a cycle in these market segments, just like in anything, where in 
the cycle, certain market segments are up, others are down. So, when 18 businesses are engaging 
with 23 market segments, that gives us a fairly strong base for us to continue to build our future.  
 
Theme of the quarter, every quarter we take a theme to explain a particular market segment from 
our perspective. So, metals and mining is the theme of this quarter. A deep dive on it. So, just to 
give you some data sets, global industry is valued at $1.3 trillion. And by 2047, if India has an 
ambition to become a developed country, which means estimated $30 trillion economy in about 
24-25 years from now, will create 25 million high quality jobs and add USD $500 billion to the 
GDP. So, that's how the metals industry will do.  
 
And any nation which wants to go from developing to developed, steel industry or the metals 
and mining industry plays a key role. And you can go back to China's rise, Korea's rise, Japan's 
rise. I think these are the elements which come. And as you start consuming more sophisticated 
products, more sophisticated steel is produced which is imported today. That will also undergo 
import substitution as we go forward. So, that's where our engagement is globally with all the 
global players. And as the local manufacturers or the global majors who are present in the 
country, as they expand, we will have our portfolio continue to serve them in an effective way.  
 
So, you can see we serve the metals industry with analyzers, rectifiers, distributed control 
systems, drives and PLCs. We supply the complete solution for cold rolling and hot rolling, 
which has the electrification and the automation together, including the AI and ML solutions to 
optimize the process. Then we have, of course, the smart melt shop, which are the ABB IP-based 
solutions. And we have measurement analytics products, electromagnetic stirrers and braking 
technologies, and of course, lifetime services for upgrades as well as making the uptime up for 
the customers. So, there are key drivers and trends. Of course, you can read it. This is something 
which will be available to you as a reading document. We continue, please. 
 
Now, sustainability in practice, we always don't talk about sustainability as a topic, but we talk 
about what we do around sustainability. And why we do it is because of the simple reason. Of 
course, we have a corporate strategy at a global level. But in India, we have made it even more 
granular because all the resources in our country are stressed. And it only makes sense and it is 
the right thing to do to focus on these elements. How we consume energy, how we spend energy, 
how we consume water, how we recycle it, how do we make sure that we are putting more water 
in the ground than we are taking it out, and also we are not contributing to the waste fill or 
landfills from our campuses.  

 
ABB India Limited 
February 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
So, we already have converted three of our six plants into zero waste to landfill units. So, that 
means no waste goes to our landfill. And even if something goes, it is going to some units which 
reuse the material which is coming out of our plant so that it gets added into value-added product. 
And not only that we do this practice, we share those practices with our suppliers so that we 
have a much larger eco-impact.  
 
And as we speak to you, I think we have multiple recognitions in the country around it. And 
only last week I was contacted by a prestigious governance and sustainability institute who have 
selected ABB as best-in-class company in the country for sustainability practices. We are very 
pleased. We never applied for such an award. But since the data is available out there in part of 
our BRSR report and all database reporting, researchers are able to find out what kind of 
programs we are running and we get suitably recognized. And we are very happy for our team, 
who really work very hard to make sure, you know, these impacts are given. Next, please.  
 
We continue to focus on sharing our profits with our society. It's a part of our CSR program, 
wherein we are making sure that the infrastructure projects, which have a very direct impact 
with the rural community where we are present, and also in the industrial area where we are 
present, wherever we see an opportunity, we continue to make sure that those become safer for 
the people who come to work, also for transport, which comes in and out. We continue to look 
for opportunities wherein we upgrade our infrastructure. We just recently concluded in 
Nelamangala and Nashik some infrastructure projects, which we are very proud of, and we will 
be handing it over to the communities very soon.  
 
Same way, skilled development programs across our locations, you know, young children 
programs. Then skilling for the different types of societal needs. That's where we work. Special 
needs schools. Medical support for hospital equipment and patient management in cancer care. 
And of course, a lot of health awareness camps. This is something we again do because we know 
this is the right thing to do. We do it with an institutionalized framework, and we do see some 
good impact coming out of it. Next, please.  
 
So, in Indian Union budget, you will see from our point of view, we see consumption, 
innovation, and sustainability are the key focus areas. So, we do see a good focus on 
infrastructure and investment, manufacturing, green energy, and research and innovation. We 
will take benefit of all those. And all our businesses are working on their strategies, how to serve 
effectively and help build the nation as it strives to be a developed nation in next 25 years. Let's 
continue, please.  
 
So, factors to watch out for '25 are consumption, investments, and premiumization. 
Premiumization really is a sweet spot for ABB because as customers appreciate quality and 
demand high-quality products, ABB is right there. And that's where post-COVID, we see a lot 
of demand for high-quality products, and customers are willing to pay for high-premium 
products, and that shows in our gross margin. It also shows into our conversion when we are 
working with customers who have a good expectation and quality as well as delivery of services.  

 
ABB India Limited 
February 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
But at the same time, we need to watch on domestic economic strain. We don't have a direct 
correlation with the macros of the country and our portfolio. There is always, of course, an effect. 
But right now, for all 18 businesses, we see a good pipeline in front of us and we continue to 
engage and make the most of it. We can see that in the short run, you will always have some 
market segment or one or two businesses go up and down, but that doesn't worry us. This is the 
75th year of ABB in India and we never had it better. So, we continue to be very positive, and 
we are very long on India, and we will go through all the cycles and continue to engage and 
expand in this country. Next, please.  
 
So, this is the time I hand it over to Sridhar to give you financial highlights.  
T.K. Sridhar: 
Thank you. Thank you, Sanjeev. I think the most waited for section. So, yes, I think the Q4 was, 
again, a strong quarter. Base orders of 2,654 crores, which is 4% higher compared to the Q4, 
'23. But sequentially, we are flat with minus 2%. On the total orders, we were down by 14. But 
I think last year the same quarter, we had a large 600 crore order from the mobility sector, the 
transportation sector, which is not there in this particular quarter. So, therefore, we could see a 
dip in order growth for the quarter. But on an overall basis, we are strong 6% up, including the 
large orders here compared to the full year of 2023.  
 
Order backlog, 9,400 crores, which is 12% higher. And I think we see a good visibility of 
execution of this order backlog over the next four quarters of the year. Of course, I think this 
also has the large orders, which will take an execution schedule as per the milestones. Therefore, 
we presume, as per our estimation, almost 65 to 70% of the existing backlog will get executed 
over the year. And the balance 30-35% would go to the next year in 2026 based on the project 
schedules, what is drawn up. So, I think by this, I have also given you a bit of what will be the 
book-to-bill situation also for the '25 year.  
 
Revenue, strong performance for the quarter, 22% up compared to the previous quarter, and of 
course, on a yearly basis, we are 17%. This all reflects the quality of the orders, the executable 
position of the organization, and also the capability and capacities available to the organization 
to grow this particular revenue.  
 
The next comes the profit element of it, profit after tax, a strong 15.8%. I know for the quarter, 
so I know this is a dream percentage as anyone would see. And for the full year at 15.4% , 
which is a strong 50 percentage up in absolute value compared to the previous year.  
 
Our cash balance is 5,390 crores. I think we have good plans to how we want to use this particular 
cash. So, overall, I think a strong quarter, a strong closing for the year. So, we set up a motion 
for the next year to come. Next slide.  
 
Yes, I think this is something pretty interesting stuff on the journey of profitability and related 
this thing and also the income conversion to cash. So, we are strong in terms of operational 
EBITDA. So, we are at 20% for the year and also for earnings per share at 25.1% and PBT 
growth of 21% quarter-on-quarter and 21% for the quarter. And net income too is slightly less 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
at 73%. This also indicates that we want to invest for the cash or for the growth. And therefore, 
we have inventories and receivables which we have executed. And that would get evened out as 
the executions get stabilized over the next few quarters to come. Yes, next.  
 
Okay. So, return on capital. So, I think this is also a very interesting number to see. As we see, 
we are at 26.5 percentage points. I think for an industry; this is quite a substantial increase over 
the previous years. What we used to be in 2020 to 2024, it has more than doubled. And it is all 
more driven by a good mix of orders, good operational efficiencies, which the divisions have all 
done over the last four to five years, the post-COVID period, and also a strong sales team who 
is there in front to make sure that the orders are received on time and executed.  
 
This is something which I thought we should share with you of what has been the trend of the 
orders received for each quarter and how much of that constitute between large orders and the 
base orders. So, if you look at it, base orders have never fallen down. So, they are all maintaining 
a good momentum of 2,600 crores plus on average. And the backlog is definitely steady with 
9,400 crores. And I think with the recent union budget, hopefully, the orders will also start to 
increase as the private CAPEX starts to show its momentum. Next slide.  
 
Okay. So, this is one slide which I am repeating for the reason because we would like to show 
you what you would have heard from the global press releases to what you will be seeing locally. 
So, I think globally you would have seen that the orders from India has fallen by 21%, which 
reflects a demand situation. That means orders emanating totally to ABB as an organization from 
all entities locally. But whereas when we look at ABB India on a standalone basis, we look at 
what are the orders which are emanating, which are basically from India plus the exports.  
 
So, therefore, the decrease for the quarter is minus 14 percentage as compared to 21 percentage 
for the global as seen. This is for the quarter. But on an yearly basis, this slide is not there, but I 
could share with you. On yearly basis, for the orders as seen by the group, we are flat and 
probably minus one percentage compared to the previous year on the demand side of it. But 
whereas when you look at the local entity, we are  6 percentage up. Next slide.  
 
A bit of a view on the structural analysis of the P&L. And so we discussed about revenues, we 
discussed about the order. So, I think the material cost standing at 58% is an all-time record 
favorable material cost position of what I see. And I think it is all because of a good revenue 
mix, what we had between the services, projects and products. And in products, also as 
premiumization is also catching up, so we are able to get those advantages. And also these orders, 
as I was mentioning in my earlier calls also, are those which were booked at the time when the 
metal prices or the commodity prices were at low, and we had a premium on that. And that's 
something benefit which we are at this point of time enjoying. And this would also ease out over 
a period of time. And other expenses, which is the personal expenses and the other fixed 
expenses, are solid enough and they are constant with no major one-offs or any abnormal 
increases is what we see. Next slide. 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Just to give a color about division-wise, I think division-wise, electrification is running its 
growth pattern pretty consistently, right. For the quarter, I think it's a good traction in renewable, 
buildings and power distribution. And that means ELDS, I mean, the distribution solutions, the 
smart power, smart buildings, all have grown. And Q3, '24, of course, sequentially, we had a 
large order from the data center segment. Revenues, because of backlogs which are getting 
executed now, we have a benefit of good revenues and correspondingly giving us leverage on 
the profitability. Next slide.  
 
Motion, I think the orders were a bit flat at this point of time, but that's more taking into account 
the decision-making of the private CAPEX investors, which was slightly delayed to the next 
quarter. We are not missing any orders, but it is a question of delay. And also we do have a bit 
of a price impact also on the motors business as such.  
 
So, I think overall, and Q4, '23, as is mentioned, we had a good order from the mobility sector, 
from the transportation sector, which has actually helped us in the last year, which is not present 
at this point of time. But overall, the order backlog, the revenues and the profitability in a good 
trajectory is what we see.  
 
Process automation, steady revenue volumes, steady order volumes, and profitability inching 
towards better margins is what we see. And it's more a play of value-added selling with a good 
mix of services and a slight improvement in the operational efficiencies as well. Next slide. 
 
 Robotics. Robotics and so the most fastest growing business division is what we see. And then 
they are very much prevalent in electronics and automotive and industry sectors. So, we have a 
growth of good revenue growth, order growth as well, and profitability, which is good at 14 
percentage on average per se. So, operational efficiencies.  
 
Just to answer a bit of a color on a couple of topics, right. So, how does this journey because we 
normally see quarter-to-quarter and we are very happy with that. But I think it's more important 
that we get some more insight on how do we see the evolution of business in ABB?  
 
If I take, for example, orders. If we take, for example, for the case that what may be before the 
time of PG divestment, we are probably 6,000 crores before the divestment, right? I mean, the 
time after we remove the so-called PG business, the divested business of solar business and 
turbocharger.  
 
So, in 2018, if I take that particular standpoint, at the time when a major divest was announced, 
we were 6,000 crores. And today we are 13,000 crores in terms of orders, which clearly reflects 
a 14 percentage CAGR on year-on-year over the last 5 to 6 years, despite 2 years of COVID-
impacted years in the middle, right. So, I think, overall, a good journey.  
 
And also, just to give a big picture view of how the PBT evolution between '23 and '24, between 
15.9 to 20.6, I think we got an overall gain of 5.9% on account of capacity advantages, buying 
efficiencies, localization, of course, price push, but with an offset of 1% corresponding to the 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
volume link cost. And on the fixed cost, of course, the running expenses, we were at 1.2% up. 
So, on an overall basis, I think 15.9 plus 5.9 advantage minus 1.2 gives you the 20.6 PBT of 
2024 as what we see.  
 
And if you go to the last slide, which is a bit of a patented slide, how we see the business model 
in ABB, I think by areas we could see EL gaining a better share,  40% as what we see, and 
motion and PA at more or less the same level as what we have. In other words, this chart reflects 
the stability of the businesses across all the segments, be it PA, MO, EL and RA. And similarly, 
the offerings on the market side of it.  
 
So, on the market side of it, we are 90% favored by the domestic market. Therefore, we are well 
positioned to understand the economy and the macro drivers in the country. And 10% is what 
we see as exports. And we have good business model of projects, products and services with 
13% from projects, 11% from service and 76% from products. So, therefore, our risk is very 
short. It doesn't elongate. So, that way, I think we are an organization which could be coined as 
a fast-forward industrial goods organization.  
 
So, with this, I think we close the presentation part of it. We open it up for Q&A.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to 
remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested 
to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while 
the question queue assembles. Participants, you may press star and one to ask the question. The 
first question is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL Capital. Please go ahead.  
Renu Baid: 
Yes, hi. Good morning, team, and congratulations for strong performance and also completing 
75 years in India. My first question is, again, concerning the overall order backlog, which, while 
everything has helped, still, if you look at the end of the year, growth is about 12%. So, does this 
concern you that the acceleration that we saw in the last couple of quarters has slowed down, 
and any macro read-through of potential slowdown from private sector CAPEX or slowing 
government investments, anything that you think could be concerning or it's more of a transient 
impact and in two quarters, we see growth coming back? That is the first question.  
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Thank you, Renu. So, we think it's more transient in nature. I think we should observe as we 
grow in coming years and coming quarters, there will be strong cycles of growth and there will 
be moderation before the next cycle of growth starts, provided all the policy framework and all 
the planned investments are done as we see, which is available in the pipeline. So, it doesn't 
really concern us in terms of what we see.  
 
I think we already have grown quite well in the last few years. And I think 2024 saw some major 
events like elections and also some kind of impact on infrastructure spent by the government. 
And also we had very strong rains in parts of the country which had disruption. We can't have a 
direct correlation, but we feel those factors impacted it. But we are very long on India, as I 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
mentioned before. And we see that this journey will continue, and we will have strong period of 
growth in future.  
Renu Baid: 
Got it. Secondly, on the exports, while we have done quite a bit in terms of portfolio expansion 
of the export market, overall basis it's still about 10% of the business mix. So, what would be 
the next 3 to 5 year roadmap to increase the share of exports in absolute sense? And any tailwind 
that you see from the global of the U.S. tariff for the India portfolio here?  
Sanjeev Sharma: 
So, export journey, we see net positive for India, irrespective of what happens in the global 
markets and the others, because there are tailwinds for India in terms of participating in the 
global market. None of our businesses are overtly dependent on exports, but our operations are 
now in last few years with our investment world class. The productivity levels are quite good 
and matching. And also, we not only have productivity arbitrage, we also have labor arbitrage 
in this country with availability of manpower, which can feed different markets, which our 
global division managers are looking for. So, we have seen already the evidence of it in some of 
our businesses, wherein exports have grown sharply in the last few years. And that journey will 
continue.  
 
Export markets, in my role as a Managing Director of ABB India, I don't manage. I manage 
multinational corporations' presence in India, for India. But at the same time, we create the 
leadership mindset wherein we are export ready. But we allow our global divisions to decide 
how much they want to expand, and which markets they want us to serve from here.  
Renu Baid: 
Got it. And last question, if I can, for Sridhar. Last year we saw an impressive 5% expansion in 
gross margins. As you said, it's like a dream run. So, given the kind of mix that we have today 
and increasing competitive pressures, do we think a 40% plus material or gross margins is 
sustainable or we may have to invest back to ensure that we retain a higher share of the domestic 
market?  
T.K. Sridhar: 
I think, Renu, at this point of time, we will start with a bit of a caveat that I am not going to be 
a soothsayer over here, right. So, I think all our efforts are want to make sure that we have a 
margin corridor, as what we say, between 12 to 15% as to what we have in this particular revenue 
level. As I was mentioning, we had quite a bit of advantage, which we got from the price push 
strategy, right, into the market, which we got advantage. But I think now the markets are easing 
out and they are stabilizing. So, as we see this correction in the demand, which will sort of pan 
out in the next couple of years, I think a band of 12 to 15% of PAT level is what we would like 
to look at, right. So, that's the basically thing which we are at this point of time focusing on.  
Renu Baid: 
Got it. Thank you very much and best wishes, team. Thank you.  
T.K. Sridhar: 
Thank you.  

 
ABB India Limited 
February 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Participants kindly restrict to two questions per participant and join the 
queue again for a follow-up question. Next question is from the line of Sumit Kishore from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Sumit Kishore: 
Thanks for the opportunity and very strong P&L performance in both Quarter 4 and 2024. My 
first question is on TK's comment regarding the plans that they have in place for the end use of 
cash. Cash is, you know, as a percentage of net worth almost 75% plus at Rs. 54 billion. What 
are you planning? That's my first question.  
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Yes, so firstly, we are distributing cash to our shareholders. So, it is 51% higher dividend 
compared to previous year. So, that's the first protocol. The second protocol is that the cash is 
getting consumed in our organic expansion, which are in plans and in play. So, you will hear 
about it as we mature them and as we open them up in coming months. We also have a pipeline 
for inorganic opportunities. And inorganic opportunities are carefully evaluated. And it's not 
based on how much cash we have. It is based on how much impact it will create for our customers 
and our businesses in future. And once we are satisfied, I think this cash can be fairly well 
utilized in both organic and inorganic opportunities that we see forward.  
T.K. Sridhar: 
So, I think, Sanjeev, just to add to your comment, it is also important that when we go on this 
growth trajectory, we will need to use cash to support the growth, right. Not only in terms of the 
CAPEX and the distribution of cash to the shareholders, but also from the point of view of the 
net working capital requirements which will be needed, right. So, that's also something where 
the cash will get consumed in the next couple of years as we have this growth journey.  
Sumit Kishore: 
Sure. And on the conversion of your profits to income to FCS, that ratio seems to have come off 
a bit. Is there anything we should read into how the working capital needs are changing? 
T.K. Sridhar: 
No, I think in this particular year, from the PBT standpoint, we have converted almost 90% of a 
PBT to cash, to operating cash. And 10% is something what we have used for supporting the 
growth in terms of investment in inventories, in terms of receivables which we need to collect, 
because it's a schedule-based invoice.  
Sumit Kishore: 
Sure. My second question is just to understand, you know, ABB's end customer segments better. 
Could you sort of help us break down broadly ABB's revenue exposure to, say, government-
funded infra, which would include transportation CAPEX as well, you know, say the power 
generation (T&D), which is a utility-driven business, the process industry and the core industry 
segments, the new age sectors including data centers, and real estate. I think these five broad 
areas, how would ABB's end customers be mapped broadly?  
T.K. Sridhar: 
Okay. Sumit, I think I would give you a collective number, not segment-wise number, because 
it is too granular for us to give you at this point of time. On a collective basis, I think, first of all, 
our exposure directly to government customers or utility customers is absolutely very, very, very 
minor. Okay? Number one.  

 
ABB India Limited 
February 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
What we have exposure is to could be EPCs, definitely, who in turn would be serving the 
government customers. So now in an indirect basis, if you ask me how is it basically because I 
know from the point of view that you would like to correlate with the public CAPEX and 
translating the private CAPEX is what you would like to correlate. So, we have our orders almost 
35 to 40% still dependent on the public CAPEX coming into the form of investments by the 
industry as such, and we get orders. So that means you are in Level 2 or Level 3 of the chain.  
Sumit Kishore: 
Industry is how much? 
T.K. Sridhar: 
I said that I am Level 2 or Level 3 in the chain, right. So, in terms of indirect exposure to 
government-led investments, we would be up there on about 35 to 40%.  
Sumit Kishore: 
Right. And new age sectors? 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sumit. I am sorry to interrupt you. I will request you to come back for a follow-up, 
please. Thank you. A kind request to all the participants. Kindly restrict to two questions per 
participant. Next question is from the line of Vishal Baria from Bandhan AMC. Please go ahead.  
Vishal Baria: 
Hi. Guys, could you delve a bit deeper into which are the segments, sub-segments for us that are 
doing better and which are the ones that are actually not doing that great? And in terms of 
inquiries that we are getting, how do these inquiries stack up? What would be the growth and 
inquiries that you would have? So, what is the kind of order inflow growth that you would target 
for the year? Thank you. 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
So, we can give you a bit of a granular outlook based on our business figures. So, by 
electrification, I can start with Kiran Dutt. Kiran, if you can just at a labeling, you know, top-
level side, which are the market segments you see the growth, and followed by Sanjeev Arora, 
and Subrata, you can put some color on it. So, over to you, Kiran.  
Kiran Dutt: 
Thank you, Sanjeev, and good morning, everyone. On the segment side, I think we are quite 
active and has 23 segments as Sanjeev spoke about. We have been working on these segments 
for quite some time and we have made a lot of inroads into these kind of segments.  
 
Now, for your question on what are those segments which are really giving us something more 
or something which is really supporting in terms of growth? Renewable segment or in terms of 
power generation, I think we have been pretty strong and this is some segment where we have 
been actively participating, and that's one of the things which is actually driving growth for 
electrification as such.  
 
Data center is a new segment which has come up, and that's something which is in the right path 
of growth, and we see a tremendous opportunity in India with so much of data being consumed 
by all of us, in fact, and then the investments into data center going up. So, that's something is 
an opportunity what we see and we continue to grow there.  

 
ABB India Limited 
February 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Let's look at somewhat something else in terms of the segment, major in terms of transportation. 
And I think this is something very, very important for us, specifically in terms of metros and 
various railway stations and railway projects, including the bullet train project. So, I think it's a 
great opportunity for electrification being there to serve these particular segments as well.  
 
The other important one, what I see is mainly on the food consumption. That means food and 
beverage. You saw an example when Sanjeev presented with respect to our solutions being 
offered to food and beverage, specifically in frozen products. We supplied some ArTuK systems 
and solutions for that particular industry as well. And I think food and beverage going forward, 
as we are already 1.4 billion people in India, and most of us have started, you know, husband 
and wife working, I feel it's going to be a big market for a packaged food industry as well. This 
is it from my end, Sanjeev.  
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Thank you, Kiran. Over to Sanjeev Arora on the granularity on the motion side, what you see 
on the market segments, which are more sub-market segments which you are seeing are going 
well for us?  
Sanjeev Arora: 
So, thank you very much, Sanjeev, and good morning to all. So, I would just take it from where 
Kiran left the topic. I would say that, you know, all the segments when we talk of how the 
bioethanol is playing, we are very sweetly placed in that. Our motors and drives are running that 
plant very efficiently. How it comes to the hydrogen part? And we are well equipped with our 
motors and drives, which will be used in the pumping stations, for the compressors and other 
applications. On top of it, how we power the electrolyzers? So, that is another upcoming segment 
what we see.  
 
Of course, the data centers are very, very key when it comes to really having a sustainable 
operation in data centers, how the HVAC industry is behaving there. So, it's very, very energy 
conscious. So, our world-class quality, reliable product are well accepted in the data center 
segment as well. And then when we talk of the transport part, how the expansions are taking 
place and we are in the journey, supporting our OEM in having the world class technology of 
the traction converters and traction motors to be the part of the story.  
 
So, I think these are the segments that we see as a new segment, which will really take a good 
lead. And apart from that, we do see, as mentioned earlier as well by the participants, the light 
industry, be it pharma, be it the food and beverages, and other light industries, they would see a 
good momentum.  
 
On the process part, I would like to highlight that, yes, some, I would say, headwinds are there 
in some of the process, maybe metals and others. But that is, I would say, again, as mentioned 
earlier, it's a transient period. But then our customers, they are fully bullish on this. And we see 
a lot of things coming that way as well on the process part. So, be it the cement, be it metal, be 
it oil and gas and other segments. So, overall, I think these are the segments which I would like 
to mention as a top view from motion. Thank you.  

 
ABB India Limited 
February 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Thank you, Sanjeev. And Subrata, apart from your major exposure to automotive and auto 
ancillaries, what are the other sub-segments you see are interesting for robotics and automation 
business?  
Subrata Karmakar: 
Yes, good morning. Other than automotive, still I believe that automotive in terms of EV and 
ICE, both the engines are leading in robotics. In terms of demand, more than 50% of robots are 
using in these segments. However, electronics is at its very high momentum. Actually, this year 
or next year, probably, we will see that the consumption in automotive and electronics will be 
almost equal. And if not in the future, even remain same.  
 
Other than automotive and electronics, we see that food and beverages are doing fantastic 
growth. However, in the metal industries also, early sign-up automation. However, in robotics 
automation, but it is also doing well. I believe that the emerging segment in India would be the 
warehousing technology, which definitely is going to boom in two to three years. Thank you, 
and over to you, Sanjeev. Yes. 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Thank you, Subrata. So, I hope that answers your question, Vishal.  
Vishal Baria: 
Sanjeev, just if you could give an overview in terms of the inquiries that you are getting. I mean, 
we have seen the order inflow numbers and your commentary has been very helpful. But if you 
could just delve on overall inquiries, that will be helpful. Thank you.  
Sanjeev Sharma: 
So, at this point of time, we monitor at a consolidated basis the project pipeline. We are seeing 
the uptick on the project pipeline, irrespective of what macro commentary you get. We are seeing 
an uptick of, you know, the project pipeline. There are certain market segments wherein it has 
plateaued, and that is factored in. But overall, net-to-net basis, I think there is a positive 
momentum on the project pipeline.  
 
Now, if you see the nature of those businesses, we have some very small customers and very 
large customers. So, it's a complete spectrum of customers we see as somebody who is building 
a machine, requires electrical components, drives and a motor, or you can have also a metals 
industry or a mining industry requiring heavy machines from us or a petrochemical industry or 
offshore platform which is looking for, you know, equipment from us, and of course data centers.  
 
So, if you really go by the market segment and by the businesses as well as geographies, towards 
the inquiry stack-up looks quite interesting. So, we don't see any so-called major weakness, but 
there are certain sub-segments and certain businesses, maybe a couple of them, which have 
plateaued. But you allow some breathing time and then they come back. Yes. 
Vishal Baria: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead.  

 
ABB India Limited 
February 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Mohit Kumar: 
Good morning everyone and thanks for the opportunity, and congratulations on a superb quarter. 
My first question is that this is the first quarter where the quarterly numbers have seen a higher 
growth because of execution of large orders on data centers. Does this quarter should indicate to 
us that this kind of skewness in certain quarters because of institutional large orders will happen 
more often as we go forward?  
Sanjeev Sharma: 
So, to answer your question, the answer lies in the mix of our backlog and the book-to-bill 
business that we do every year. And that mix continues to change. And you can very well 
imagine, when the 18 businesses are operating with 23 market segments, you will have the 
passing of the backlog. The mix will keep changing from one quarter to the other. But the most 
important thing is that a strong backlog at 9,300 crores plus a strong pipeline which converts 
book-to-bill continues to give us good revenue visibility going forward.  
 
Yes, sometimes the service orders are strong, sometimes the large orders are strong, and 
sometimes we have execution of the so-called engineer-to-order business, which again is a very 
so-called value-added business. So, that kind of a spectrum will keep changing as you pass it 
through the quarters with the backlog and book-to-bill. So, there is no particular trend that you 
can say.  
 
And typically at my level, I don't look at quarter-to-quarter picture. I look at how we are 
developing as a company, how we have developed in last five years based on the investment we 
made during those periods and how we are setting our base for going forward. And I believe our 
mix remains quite interesting and we don't see any so-called knee-jerk quarters ahead of us. I 
would say we will have a smooth delivery of revenues to what we have committed to customers.  
T.K. Sridhar: 
So, Mohit, I think if you are asking last quarter, last year, in the 4th Quarter, we had a large 
order. Would that repeat in this quarter? We cannot say that because we have a pipeline. It 
depends on the issuance what happened. So, that's basically how we see it.  
Sanjeev Sharma: 
In an engineering goods company, I think if you go too strict in evaluation on quarter-to-quarter 
basis, I can go wrong in my commentary, and you can go in your analytics.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Mohit, sorry to interrupt you. I will request you to come back for a follow-
up. In the interest of time, we will take one question per participant. Next question is from the 
line of Mayank Chaturvedi from HSBC Mutual Fund. Please go ahead.  
Mayank Chaturvedi: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity, sir. Sir, just one clarification on the slide where you show 
the growth segments for your businesses, high, moderate, and low. I just wanted to understand 
when you talk about the growth centers, is it on the order side or the revenue side? And as a 
follow-up to that, there has been a sharp deviation in the growth numbers that we assigned to 
each of these segments. For example, in the third quarter, in the last quarter commentary, high 
growth segment was growing by 20% plus, moderate was 10 to 12% and now it's 11%, 7 to 11% 
now. So, your comments on that.  

 
ABB India Limited 
February 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
So, first of all, these so-called high-growth segments, they used to be small earlier, but now their 
size has grown. So, you know, relative spend is growing, but percentage gets normalized. So, 
that's one reason. So, that means these segments that we are talking about, which were smaller 
earlier, now they are substantial in size in terms of expenditure. And our intake from them is 
good and accordingly the numbers get adjusted on the normalized percentage basis. So, that's 
one answer to you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mayank, kindly come back for a follow-up question. Next question is from the line 
of Amit Mahawar from UBS Group. Please go ahead.  
Amit Mahawar: 
Hi, good morning, Sridhar and Sanjeev, and congratulations on challenging the streets margin 
assumptions continuously. Sir, I have one question, and I will focus on the Electrification 
division only. If you see, you know, it's been six quarters and this is the first quarter where 
overall orders are down, very, very sharply down. Can I say last two, three quarters we had a lot 
of emerging segment orders in electrification and this December is a blip? Any comment on the 
sustainability of this electrification order run rate? Thank you.  
T.K. Sridhar: 
Kiran? I would invite Kiran to give a bit of a color to that. Kiran? 
Kiran Dutt: 
Yes, thank you. Thank you, Sridhar. On electrification business, it's kind of a mix of product-
based as well as project-based. You would find that there is a sharp decline with respect to Q3 
and Q4. I think already there has been a comment from Sridhar on this particular topic, where 
we said that we did have a very large order, which was in Q3 for a data center. And that's one of 
the reasons why you would find a small decline in terms of the numbers of Q3, '24 versus Q4. 
But having said that, I think, as we have been discussing, the pipeline is quite large and we 
believe it's going to really support us in future growth.  
Amit Mahawar: 
Okay, Kiran. Thank you. 
Kiran Dutt: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aditya Mongia from Kotak Securities. Please go 
ahead.  
Aditya Mongia: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I had one question. I wanted to get a sense from maybe the 
different business heads of the risk from increased competition from Chinese players. If you 
could give a quantitative or quantitative sense of segments, that is really helpful. And the context 
obviously is the trade wars what's going to happen. Thank you.  
Sanjeev Sharma: 
So, which business head is facing Chinese competition? So, you raise your hand. Sanjeev, are 
you facing Chinese competition?  
Sanjeev Arora: 
So, I would say that, see, let's visualize how things are progressing for us. Localization is the 
key and Make in India is the key, and we stand out really very strong in that. Moreover, when 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
you have the global products manufactured in India, high quality, high reliability, walking the 
customers through their sustainability journey, expansions, and new product portfolios, so, to be 
fair on that part, I would say that we are not in that game. So, that is all I want to summarize. 
And again, to reinforce these things is that our customer confidence, you know, the customer 
has a lot of confidence in us. So, that way we are, I would say, protected from anything from 
Chinese, to be precise on that.  
Sanjeev Sharma: 
So, in other words, Aditya, we don't see a one-to-one high intense competition on the MO 
portfolio yet. I think if our view changes, I think we will let you know in future. On the 
electrification side, I can speak on behalf of my colleagues. No, the intensity is not so high. In 
robotics, we have some supply chain going into China, which forms part of what we deliver to 
the market. So, it's more of our supply chain there. It's not direct competition yet.  
 
But there are some robotic suppliers in China, which will may try to make inroads. But what 
Subrata and his team play is on a very high-value-added way because robotics is not about 
hardware. It's about application engineering and converting the solution locally. And I think 
there we have an advantage.  
 
On the process automation side, largely no, but I had to qualify. There are certain sub-segments 
of the customers wherein when the very large customers are spending very high CAPEX, at 
times, they do get lured by some special prizes done by the Chinese contractors or Chinese 
suppliers. So, we did have one or two incidents wherein the Chinese players offered a formidable 
competition. But that is on the minority side, few incidents, not many incidents, I would say, at 
the moment.  
Aditya Mongia: 
Thank you. That makes it very clear.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sahil from Nomura. Please go ahead.  
Sahil: 
Hi, sir, am I audible?  
T.K. Sridhar: 
Yes. 
Sahil: 
Sir, first of all, congratulations on the superb set of numbers that you posted. My question was 
on the margins. We have seen the last couple of years, we have had this substantial improvement 
in margins. I just wanted to know that, and we are also much ahead of our peers in multiple 
segments. So, are the margins sustainable here? That's one part of the question. And second, 
what are you picking up on pricing on the ground?  
T.K. Sridhar: 
Sahil, I think I have answered this question in my dialog to earlier questions as well. I think 
probably the first question of what Renu had asked. But anyhow, for the sake of completeness, 
I would go with your question as well. So, today, I think we are at a high of 15, plus percentage 
on the PAT level.  

 
ABB India Limited 
February 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Now the question comes is, is this particular margin sustainable for us, right? And I think, as I 
was mentioning, this margin accretion has come because of good operational efficiency, the 
ability to command better prices in the past, which has transformed into the revenues and their 
resultant bottom-line impact, and also the operating efficiencies with respect to leveraging 
capacities and so on buying efficiency as well has given us a good run on the margins, right?  
 
And so now, having said this, now with the market easing out and the prices also easing out 
according to the demand and the supply situation, right? So, we would still be in a corridor of 
12 to 15 percentage PAT as what I was mentioning.  
Sahil: 
Sure, sir, that works. And incrementally are you picking up anything on say, motion business 
pricing? Is it status quo?  
T.K. Sridhar: 
I think we don't give that prediction granular to the division, right. So, every division has its own 
strategy and operational topics to deal with. So, I think we have to look for it in a quarter-on-
quarter basis.  
Sahil: 
Sure, sir. That works. No problem.  
T.K. Sridhar: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question. I will now 
hand the conference over to Mr. T.K. Sridhar for closing comments.  
T.K. Sridhar: 
Thank you very much, Neerav, for conducting this call. And thank you to all the participants and 
all the management team members who could attend to this call and also answer to them. And 
thank you, Sanjeev and the Comms team who are ably supporting us. Thank you very much. 
Wish you a good day and good next quarter. Looking forward to talking to you in the next quarter 
again. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of ABB India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
