 
Date: February 11, 2025 
 
1. The Manager- Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(Scrip Code: NAUKRI) 
 
2. The Manager- Listing 
BSE Limited 
(Scrip Code: 532777) 
 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on financial results for the quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2024  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
   
In furtherance to our letter dated February 5, 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform that the transcript of Earnings 
Conference call on the Financial Results for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024, held on 
Wednesday, February 5, 2025 at 5:00 pm (IST), post declaration of results, is enclosed herewith. The copy 
of 
the 
transcript 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://www.infoedge.in/pdfs/financial_pdfs/f_Earnings/investor-concall-transcript-11feb2025.pdf    
 
Request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Info Edge (India) Limited  
 
 
 
 
Jaya Bhatia 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: as above 
infoedge 
G naukri 
iimjobs 
.com 
Jeevansafhi.°com 
99acres 
---- ne found 
lndii, ~ ... l r,..,.,. \) ~vrtal 
Corporate Office: B-8, Sector - 132, Noida - 20130I , Tel.:0120 - 30 2000, Fax : 0120-3082095 
EMAIL: w.:bmaste1@11m1kri.com URL: http:,'.' ww.infocdge.in CIN No.: L 74899DLI 995PLC06802 l 
Regd. Office : Ground Floor, 12A, 94, Meghdoot, Nehru Place, New Delhi- I I 00 I 9 
JAYA 
BHATIA
Digitally signed 
by JAYA BHATIA 
Date: 2025.02.11 
17:56:26 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
“Info Edge (India) Limited Q3 FY ’24-25 
Results Conference Call” 
 
 
 
February 5, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
Mr. Sanjeev Bikhchandani – Founder & Vice Chairman, 
Mr. Hitesh Oberoi – Co Promoter & Managing Director, 
Mr. Chintan Thakkar – Director & CFO. 
 
 
infoedge 
infoedge 

Vineet Ranjan: Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the Info Edge (India) Limited Q3FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call. Joining us today from the management, we have Mr. Sanjeev Bikhchandani, Founder and Vice 
Chairman; Mr. Hitesh Oberoi, Co-Promoter and Managing Director; and Mr. Chintan Thakkar, Director and CFO. 
Before we begin, we would like to draw your aƩenƟon to the detailed disclaimer included in the presentaƟon 
for good order sake. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. All parƟcipant lines will be in listen-
only mode, and there will be an opportunity for quesƟons and answers aŌer the presentaƟon concludes. Now, 
I'd like to hand over the call to Mr. Hitesh Oberoi for his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, Hitesh. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi:  Thank you, Vineet. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to Info Edge's earnings call for the third 
quarter of FY25. We will start with an update on standalone ﬁnancial performance, then cover segment results 
in more detail along with the commentary on each business and ﬁnally, we'll have Ɵme for Q&A.  
 
For the standalone business in Q3 of FY25, billings will Rs.688 crores, a Y-o-Y growth of 16% and revenue was 
Rs.672 crores, a YoY growth of 13%. Billings and revenue including Zwayam and DoSelect were Rs.690 crores 
and Rs.694 crores respecƟvely, a YoY growth of 16% and 13%. OperaƟng proﬁts at the standalone level grew 
by 20% YoY to Rs.263 crores and the operaƟng margin expanded by 249 basis points to 39%. The standalone 
business generated cash from operaƟons of Rs.346 crores in Q3FY25 a YoY growth of 27%. In Q3FY25, the cash 
generaƟon from the recruitment business was Rs.333 crores, a YoY growth of 20%. The non-recruitment 
businesses at an aggregate level were also cash posiƟve and generated cash of Rs.13 crores in Q3FY25 vs. the 
cash loss of Rs.3 crores in the same quarter of the previous year.  
 
In the ﬁrst nine months of FY25, the standalone business billings were Rs.1,898 crores, a YOY growth of 14% 
and revenue was Rs.1,967 crores, a YoY growth of 11%. Billings and revenue including Zwayam and DoSelect 
were Rs.1,957 crores and Rs.2,024 crores, a YoY growth of 14% and 11% respecƟvely. OperaƟng proﬁts grew 
by 15% YOY to Rs.742 crores and the operaƟng margin expanded by 126 basis points to 38%. The standalone 
business generated cash from operaƟons of Rs.781 crores in the ﬁrst nine months of FY25, a YoY growth of 
17%. The recruitment business generated cash of Rs.812 crores in the ﬁrst nine months, and the cash losses 
from the non-recruitment businesses were reduced by 75%, from a cash loss of Rs.79 crores in the ﬁrst nine 
months of FY24 to Rs.20 crores in the ﬁrst nine months of FY25. EPS before excepƟonal items, net of tax and 
deferred tax for Q3FY25 stood at Rs.20, a YoY growth of 21% and was Rs.58 in the ﬁrst nine months of FY25, a 
YoY growth of 19%. The cash balance of InfoEdge, including wholly owned subsidiaries, at the end of December 
2024, stood at Rs.4,290 crores. The headcount as of December 2024 end was 5,883.  
 
The Board of Directors has approved entering into a contribuƟon agreement to commit up to Rs.1,000 crores 
from Infoedge or through wholly owned subsidiaries to “IE Venture Investment Fund III”. This fund will 
primarily focus on invesƟng in early stage tech driven startups in India. Key investment areas include consumer 
internet plaƞorms, soŌware products, SaaS businesses, and AI-led and AI-enabled plaƞorms and products, 
amongst others.  
 
The Board of Directors has also approved the split of exisƟng equity shares. Each equity share with a face value 
of Rs.10 will be subdivided into 5 equity shares, with a revised face value of Rs.2 The primary objecƟve of this 
share split is to enhance liquidity in the market and to encourage greater retail investor parƟcipaƟon. Both 
these proposals are, of course, subject to the approval of the company's shareholders  
 
Moving on to segment price performance. We'll start with the recruitment business. In Q3FY25, billings grew 
by 15% to Rs.494 crores, and revenue grew by 12% to Rs.505 crores. The operaƟng proﬁt improved by 15% 
YoY to Rs.298 crores and the operaƟng proﬁt margin was 59%. Cash generated from recruitment operaƟons 
was Rs.333 crores, a YoY growth of 20%. In the ﬁrst nine months of FY25, Recruitment billings grew by 13% to 
Rs.1417 crores and revenue grew by 9% to Rs.1471 crores. The operaƟng proﬁt improved by 6% a YoY to Rs.838 

crores and the operaƟng proﬁt margin was 57%. Cash generated from the recruitment operaƟon in the ﬁrst 
nine months of FY25 was Rs.812 crores.  
 
The key operaƟonal highlights of the business are as follows. The billings growth rate of 15% in Q3 was broad-
based across all segments, with the IT segment growing by 16%, non-IT by 17%, and the recruitment consultant 
segment by 9%. Key non-IT sectors like BFSI, Healthcare, Manufacturing and Infrastructure grew at a double-
digit growth rate. The GCC segment has also grown well and now contributes to about 12 to 13% of all Naukri 
billings. The Jobspeak index on a YoY basis has also consistently improved over the last four quarters, 
progressing from -10% to -4%, then to plus 5% and reaching 7% in the most recent quarter. This trend reﬂects 
a gradually improving hiring environment. Along with a beƩer macro environment as reﬂected in the Jobspeak 
index, our niche and adjacent businesses have also conƟnued to perform well. Our niche and adjacent 
businesses such as iimjobs, Naukri Gulf and Naukri Fast Forward have all shown good growth in Q3FY25 as 
well, with Y-o-Y billings growth of 29%, 21%, and 21% respecƟvely. Zwayam and DoSelect combined also 
registered a billings growth of 18% on a YoY basis. AmbiƟon Box and JobHai, which began moneƟzaƟon in 
Q4FY24, conƟnued to grow and showed improved performance in this quarter as well. Although sƟll small, 
these businesses hold great potenƟal and could grow substanƟally over the next 4 to 5 years. Our employer 
branding soluƟons oﬀered across plaƞorms like Naukri, iimjobs, Hirist and AmbiƟonBox have been well 
received by our clients. We are working on strengthening these oﬀerings further and expanding our market 
penetraƟon. On the jobseeker side, our Naukri plaƞorm now hosts around 104 million resumes and has added 
an average of 19,500 resumes per day in Q3FY25. On the recruiter side, metrics like searches, CV views, and 
Nvites also conƟnue to grow. In summary, our recruitment business conƟnues to grow across all customer 
segments, complemented by strong performance in our niche and adjacent businesses. We remain opƟmisƟc 
that this posiƟve momentum will carry forward into the upcoming quarters provided the economy stays 
buoyant.  
 
Moving over to the real estate segment. In Q3FY25, billings growth improved by 16% to Rs.103 crores, and 
revenue grew by 17% to Rs.104 crores. OperaƟng losses were reduced by 67% to Rs.5 crores vs. Rs.15 crores 
in Q3FY24. This improvement was driven by revenue growth and controlled operaƟng expense increases, 
resulƟng in enhanced operaƟng leverage for the business. Cash losses from the operaƟon were Rs.3 crores vs. 
Rs.7 crores in Q3FY24.  
In the ﬁrst nine months of this year, in the real estate business, billings growth improved by 15% to Rs.291 
crores and revenue grew by 18% to Rs.305 crores. OperaƟng losses reduced by 39% to Rs.33 crores vs. Rs.54 
crores. In the ﬁrst nine months of last year, cash losses from operaƟons were Rs. 24 crores versus Rs. 43 crores.  
The key operaƟonal highlights of the 99Acres business are as follows. For 99Acres, billings growth in Q3 was 
driven by growth in both the number of billed customers and average billings per customer. Broker billings 
grew faster than developer billings. Live new project lisƟngs grew 9% in Q3, and live resale plus rental lisƟngs 
from brokers grew 20% YoY in Q3. In the upcoming quarters, 99Acres will conƟnue to focus investments on 
growing its user and client base, and in delivering a superior plaƞorm experience to help the users make the 
right real estate buying decisions.  
 
Moving over to the matrimony business. In Q3FY25, the billings growth momentum conƟnued. Billings grew 
36% to Rs.28 crores and revenue grew by 24% to Rs.27 crores. Last year in Q3FY24, the business introduced 
shorter duraƟon products, leading to more revenue being recognized in the same quarter and less carried 
forward to future quarters. As a result, the revenue growth rate in Q3FY25 was lower than the YoY billing 
growth rate. MarkeƟng investments increased slightly in Q3 ahead of the post-Diwali wedding season in North 
India, and were supported by social and content markeƟng to enhance brand recall. While YoY markeƟng 
expenses remained ﬂat, spending rose by Rs.5 crores sequenƟally. The operaƟng losses on a YoY basis reduced 
by 51% to Rs.7 crores. The business generated cash from operaƟons of Rs. 80 lakhs in Q3FY25 vs. the cash loss 
of Rs.11 crores in Q3FY24.  
In the ﬁrst nine months of this year, matrimony billings grew by 34% to Rs.79 crores and revenue grew by 30% 
to Rs. 80crores. OperaƟng losses were reduced by 81% year on year to Rs.10 crores in the ﬁrst nine months of 

FY25 versus Rs.49 crores in the ﬁrst nine months of FY24. Cash loss for the ﬁrst nine months was Rs.5 crores, 
a YoY improvement of 89%.  
Key operaƟng highlights for the business. In Q3, the business team conƟnued to build on its moneƟzaƟon 
eﬀorts to grow billings. The new paid plans introduced in the previous quarters conƟnue to enhance value 
realizaƟon and drive sales conversions. AddiƟonally, more pay walls are being tested to improve moneƟzaƟon 
while maintaining customer engagement. The team is acƟvely working on developing new strategies to 
enhance plaƞorm moneƟzaƟon, while increasing eﬀorts to drive traﬃc in core North Indian markets. Providing 
a high quality matching matchmaking experience on Jeevansathi remains a top priority we plan to make further 
investments in enhancing our matchmaking algorithms to deliver beƩer outcomes for users. Key metrics such 
as acceptances and two way chats on the plaƞorm conƟnue to grow and demonstrated a strong performance.  
 
Moving on to the educaƟon business. In Q3FY25, billings were Rs.44 crores, a YoY growth of 12% and revenue 
grew by 3% to Rs.35 crores. OperaƟng loss from the business was Rs.1 crore. The business generated cash from 
operaƟons of Rs.15 crores in Q3FY25.  
In the ﬁrst nine months of FY25, billings were Rs.111 crores, a YoY growth of 13% and revenue grew by 11% to 
Rs.111 crores. The business achieved breakeven at the operaƟng proﬁt level in the ﬁrst nine months and 
generated Rs.10 crores in cash from operaƟons. Within the Shiksha business, in the ﬁrst nine months of FY25, 
the domesƟc business grew by 26% YoY, and the study abroad business declined by 16% YoY, leading to an 
overall business growth of 13%.  
DomesƟc private universiƟes and colleges conƟnue to expand their course oﬀerings beyond engineering, with 
more choices available to students. The emergence of new private universiƟes in India presents an opportunity 
for Shiksha to further expand its footprint. We are invesƟng in creaƟng more comprehensive, student friendly 
content and building deep domain experƟse in this segment. Stricter restricƟons for study abroad students in 
Australia and Canada, higher visa rejecƟon rates for those aspiring to study in the US, and a decline in job 
prospects for students abroad have reduced student interest in going overseas.  
 
On the AI front, our current focus is on three key AI prioriƟes, one, enhancing exisƟng products using AI, two, 
-using AI to develop new AI-powered features in exisƟng products, and three, building future-ready products. 
In line with this, we conƟnue to upgrade our database product with AI and machine learning, resulƟng in an 8 
to 10% increase in recruiter producƟvity. Similarly, new AI models for job search and recommendaƟons have 
driven a 10 to 20% year-on-year improvement in the job seeker in job seeker engagement. As shared on the 
previous call, AI-powered features like Mock Interview and Resume Maker conƟnue to get tracƟon with 
monthly acƟve usage of 11 lakhs and 12 lakh users respecƟvely. Our AI iniƟaƟves are increasingly becoming 
the foundaƟon of our business, driving growth across all verƟcals, whether in recruitment, 99Acres, 
Jeevansathi and Shiksha. In summary, our sustained investment in AI-based innovaƟon is strengthening our 
compeƟƟve edge while delivering greater value to our users and customers. 
 
Moving on to the consolidated ﬁnancial highlights. At the consolidated level, the net sales for the company 
stood at Rs.722 crores in Q3FY25 vs. Rs.627 crores in Q3 of last year. The total comprehensive income was at 
Rs.3182 crores in Q3FY25, compared to Rs.2624 crores in Q3FY24. Proﬁt before tax without excepƟonal items 
in Q3 was at Rs.417 crores compared to Rs.185 crores in Q3FY24.  
 
To summarize and reiterate our mid to long term outlook, we are enthusiasƟc about the growth opportuniƟes 
across all our verƟcals. Following several quarters of subdued demand, our recruitment business is now 
showing sustained growth with growth across all segments, IT and non-IT and consultants. To diversify and 
expand our client base, we are strengthening our go-to-market oﬀerings and acquiring new clients and focusing 
on the GCC segment, non-IT sectors, and by increasing our presence in Ɵer two and Ɵer three ciƟes. Our niche 
and adjacent businesses, iimjobs, Naukri fast forward, Zwayam, DoSelect, AmbiƟonBox are performing well 
and unlocking new growth opportuniƟes. In 99Acres, we are focused on expanding our user base, enhancing 
the plaƞorm and providing valuable content to support informed real estate decisions. We are also developing 
new oﬀerings aimed at strengthening our secondary business while enhancing our posiƟon in the primary new 

home segment. Jeevansathi shiŌ to a freemium model has been successful, driving topline growth and moving 
the business closer to breakeven. Shiksha's domesƟc business remains on a steady growth trajectory and is 
already proﬁtable. Across all the businesses we are advancing the deployment of AI and machine learning to 
enhance search and recommendaƟon experience and for the development of new features and products. 
These eﬀorts have improved user engagement, boosted producƟvity, and increased operaƟonal eﬃciency. Our 
robust cash generaƟon and healthy cash reserves remain a signiﬁcant strength, enabling us to navigate market 
cycles eﬀecƟvely. We conƟnue to evaluate the best strategies to deploy this cash to maximize shareholder 
returns. We are conﬁdent that these eﬀorts posiƟon us well for sustained growth and success in the coming 
years. 
Thank you and we are now ready to take any quesƟons that you may have. 
 
Vineet Ranjan: Thank you, Hitesh. Anand, we can start with the quesƟons.  
 
Anand Bansal: Thank you so much, Hitesh and Vineet. The ﬁrst quesƟon is from Vijit Jain from CiƟ.  
 
Vijit Jain: I have two quesƟons. One, thanks for, disclosing those data points on billings between IT and non-IT 
recruitment ﬁrms. Just looking at that data and looking at the YoY growth there, it looks like, the recruitment 
ﬁrms appears to be trailing it since Q2FY24, six quarters in a row. This is despite non-IT being higher than IT so 
it seems like the IT part of recruitment consultants must be seeing a preƩy sharp slowdown since these are 
preƩy correlated with IT. Should we see this leg of the business to meaningfully recover from here? I don't 
know if that's very complicated, but it looks like, recruitment consultants is up 10%. IT services are up 17% and 
non-IT is up 17%. The recruitment should converge with the IT side, eventually. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: IT hiring conƟnues to improve. If it gathers more momentum going forward, then, recruitment 
ﬁrms, which sort of work closely with IT companies, should also beneﬁt. As and when that starts to happen, 
then our business from them should also start looking up. 
 
Vijit Jain, CiƟ: So, generally, Hitesh, do you think, you know, the direcƟon for the recruitment ﬁrm side, is up, 
or the direcƟon for the IT side is down from here? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: I have no idea. I have said in the past that what had happened aŌer Covid was that there was 
a wave of digiƟzaƟon that led to massive growth in IT hiring, and then things slowed down suddenly. And a lot 
of companies, including ours, were caught napping. We had all overhired, and we had built a bench, and then 
over Ɵme, people got rid of their benches. They did not replace the people who were leaving. Now, at least all 
of us are at a point where if people leave, as long as we want to maintain the headcount we will need to replace 
them. So at least replacement hiring has started in all companies. In most companies, campus hiring is also 
picking up everywhere. Now, there are a lot of unknowns. There is a lot that will depend on how much business 
picks up for IT companies going forward. I don't know how this will play out. What we have seen over the last 
few quarters is that our Jobspeak index and our business has improved quarter on quarter. We were perhaps 
ﬂat four quarters ago, and from there, we are now at plus 15 percent levels. Recruitment ﬁrms were negaƟve 
perhaps four quarters back. Now, they’re growing at least 9%. So if this momentum conƟnues, then things will 
look up from here on. 
 
Vijit Jain, CiƟ: My second quesƟon is, just looking at the customer base, there's a double digit growth there 
for the ﬁrst Ɵme again in a while. Is that partly beneﬁƟng from all those new ciƟes you went into, new oﬃce 
openings? Is that playing a role into it? If you can talk a liƩle bit about some of these newer customers that 
you've onboarded? If there's anything diﬀerent about these?  
 
Hitesh Oberoi:  The economy is growing and there are more companies doing business than earlier. We 
conƟnue to reach as many companies as we can. We've opened new oﬃces, like you said. That's also helping. 

We are geƫng more inquiries online than earlier so we have a have a whole setup to convert all these inquiries 
into customers over Ɵme. So, in a growing market, in a growing economy, normally customer acquisiƟon also 
grows, pricing also gets beƩer, and exisƟng customer customers also hire more. The market we are in right 
now is perhaps a moderate market. It's neither hot nor cold. It's a business as usual in most sectors.  
 
Vijit Jain, CiƟ: Thank you so much. Those are my quesƟons. Thank you Hitesh. Thank you everyone.  
 
Anand Bansal: Thanks, Vijit. Next quesƟon is from Sachin Salgaonkar from Bank of America.  
 
Sachin Salgaonkar, BoFA: Congrats on a great set of numbers. My ﬁrst quesƟon is on a 99Acres. Hitesh we 
consistently seen margin improvement out here. Looks like, compeƟƟve intensity is also not as intense the way 
it was in the past. Looking at the current trends and some of the new products that you're looking to launch. 
Is it fair to assume that going ahead this margin should be in a consistent posiƟve territory? And again? Any 
general thoughts on what could be the steady state margin in this business? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: You hit the nail on the head that compeƟƟon seems to be raƟonal. That's true. That is the case 
at this point in Ɵme. The market is reasonable. We have also done a few things at our end which have resulted 
in margin improving. MarkeƟng has become a lot more eﬃcient than earlier. So we spent a lot less money on 
markeƟng this quarter compared to Q2. And we're able to get the same kind of growth and this should sustain 
going forward as well. I can't predict what compeƟƟon will do going forward. Q4 is normally a very good 
quarter seasonally for us. Q3 is in fact a weak quarter. We conƟnue to execute well. CompeƟƟve intensity 
remains similar Then, Q4 should be good. There are two parts to our business. There is a new home business 
and there is a resale and rental business. On the resale rental side, we conƟnue to execute well and that has 
been the case for now for about 7 or 8 quarters at least. We are very happy with the way we are doing in that 
segment. On the new home side, we are not very happy with our performance. Internally, we are working on 
a few things. But we have not seen the kind of success we would have wanted to see. Going forward, if the 
market remains reasonable and if compeƟƟon compeƟƟve intensity remains reasonable, then this year, if all 
goes well, 99Acres on a cash basis will get close to breakeven. And, if we are able to grow our business in high-
teens next year, then it should make some money. But it's very hard to say as to how things will play out. Like 
I said, a lot will depend on what compeƟƟon does next year.  
 
Sachin Salgaonkar, BoFA: Any general thoughts on steady state margin, looking at your peers in other 
countries? 
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani: Projected margins for a business like 99Acres, it's got roughly similar cost heads and 
cost structures as Naukri with marginal diﬀerences. You've got technology, you've got servers, you've got 
markeƟng, you've got a sales team and you've got head oﬃce costs. In Naukri variable cost is only sales 
commission. Therefore, it's 93% gross margin. Likewise in 99Acres. The quesƟon really is will it get similar 
margins as if it gets for the same resource deployment, for the same eﬀort, and for the same cost. If it gets the 
same revenue increase, it will. So really the uncertainty which today is talking about is that we don't know how 
much revenue will get for this resource deployment and that is the unpredictable part.Therefore unƟl we are 
clear on that we can't really predict margins. 
 
Sachin Salgaonkar, BoFA: Thank you Sanjeev. PreƩy clear out there. Moving on to my second quesƟon. This is 
about AI and, thanks for highlighƟng some of the ways you guys are looking to use AI. QuesƟon out here is, 
let's say from the next 12 to 18 months perspecƟve, should we see more beneﬁts on the revenue part with 
new products being launched or more beneﬁts on the cost side with a bit more eﬃciency being uƟlized? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: What we've done successfully over the last few years on the AI front is we have basically 
improved our search and recommendaƟon engines, our matching algorithms. As a result of which business 
like Jeevansathi, the number of acceptances on the plaƞorm have gone up. Similarly, the search experience on 

the Naukri plaƞorm is a lot beƩer than earlier. The matching is a lot beƩer now. All these things help in the 
long run. In the end, what happens as a result of all this is that more people get hired or more people ﬁnd 
matches, through your plaƞorm and somewhere this is correlated to revenue. So one can't say, this is having 
a direct impact on revenue because we don't charge on this basis and it's not a new oﬀering. It's not a new 
product. But as your plaƞorms become smarter, it becomes more eﬃcient as more people get hired through 
you, or more houses get bought through you, or more people get married through you.  
Somewhere, it does reﬂect in revenue. So this is something which we have been doing for a while now and 
we've been very successful at. Now, of course we are also trying to develop new features and new products 
using AI and data. For example, someƟme back we launched, talent pulse oﬀering in Naukri. Since then, we've 
expanded the suite of data products. We do get revenue some revenue from this suite of products we took to 
market a couple of years ago and we are working on building new products as well. But on new products, it's 
very hard to predict whether they will be successful or not when we take them to market. So eﬀorts are on. 
But the other piece, which is, using AI to become more eﬃcient, using AI to become faster, using AI to enhance 
exisƟng oﬀerings, that agenda will conƟnue. 
 
Sachin Salgaonkar, BoFA:  Okay. So your standalone margins should conƟnue to move up because of the AI led 
iniƟaƟves going ahead. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Standalone margins in exisƟng oﬀerings? Yes, as long as we're able to get revenue growth it is 
also a funcƟon of the market, compeƟƟon and many other things. Are we geƫng more eﬃcient at delivering 
the same stuﬀ? Yes.  
 
Sachin Salgaonkar, BoFA: My last quesƟon is on GCCs. On the ground checks do indicate that in last 6 to 9 
months, we are seeing some good hiring happening around GCCs. By the looks of it, the trend does indicate 
that the hiring out here is picking up. DirecƟonally, I know this was a relaƟvely a smaller opportunity as 
compared to some of the IT services and others. But has this a potenƟal of becoming much bigger than what 
it was in the past from opportunity perspecƟve?  
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Yes, I'll tell you why. It will depend on how fast GCCs grow and how big they become. GCCs 
when they start, they start small. They don't use us. So when they set up shop in the country for the ﬁrst couple 
of years most GCS start small. They may start with 50-100 people and then over Ɵme scale up to 200- 300. Till 
then, they don't really depend on us for hiring. It's when they start scaling up is when they start using plaƞorms 
like Naukri a lot more. In the beginning, it's most of the hiring is done through headhunƟng ﬁrms and the likes. 
Now the biggest GCCs in the country maybe employ 50,000 people. And then there are a bunch of small GCCs 
in the country which have maybe 50, 100, 200, 300, 500 people. Now, if the market conƟnues to grow rapidly 
and more importantly the exisƟng GCS start to grow rapidly. The ones who are at 100, if they want to go to 
1000, the ones who are at 2000 decide to go to 10,000. Then that will really beneﬁt our business. So the point 
I was making is not so much the number of GCCs. It's how much the exisƟng GCCs are likely to scale going 
forward, which maƩers more in the short term for us. Secondly, what we have seen is and I did talk about this 
a liƩle bit. We have revamped and relaunched our branding oﬀerings, and, we are seeing good tracƟon in the 
market. There are lots of companies who are seƫng up shop and they're not known in the Indian market. So 
give or take, a couple of hundred companies. I don't think people know what the other companies out there 
do. So, we believe that the new GCCs will want to invest in brand building. They will want to invest in creaƟng 
awareness about who they are, what they do to aƩract good talent going forward. So, that is another 
opportunity which we see emerging in the medium term  
 
Sachin Salgaonkar, BoFA: Thank you, All the best.  
 
Anand Bansal: Thanks, Sachin.  The next quesƟon is from Vivek from Ambit Capital. 
 

Vivekanand, Ambit: Hitesh, ﬁrst quesƟon is on AI. I know you spoke about the good side of AI, but is there any 
tension that you get from AI or LLMs being disrupƟve to recruitment? Because your current model is on Rs. 
per resume moneƟzaƟon. It is soluƟons oriented. But there is sƟll an element of card rate and you give 
discounts and people searching through the database. Now, what if the way technology evolves and doesn't 
require the number of searches that are currently needed, the number of CV views?  
 
Hitesh Oberoi: You're absolutely right that AI is an opportunity. And of course, if we are not able to capitalize 
on the opportunity and somebody else does a beƩer job, then exisƟng business models could get disrupted. 
So far, we haven't seen anything. We worry more about the impact of AI on jobs, which could impact our 
business. But that again is a debatable topic. Some people think AI will result in more jobs geƫng created. 
Some people feel AI will result in jobs going away. So I don't have an answer to that quesƟon. But on the 
technology side, AI can be disrupƟve. We are invesƟng aggressively to see how we can leverage it for our 
beneﬁt. Business models could evolve over Ɵme.  
 
Vivekanand, Ambit: Sanjeev, just on another thousand crore investment that is being planned in the AIFs. How 
much of your total Rs.3400 crore investment commiƩed by the Aifs has been deployed? How many startups 
have been incubated across the three AIFs and is there any thought around recycling capital from your prior 
successful investments or even the AIFs themselves some of which are quite mature? 
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani: The three AIFs would be about maybe 90 to 100 companies approximately. And then 
there are balance sheet investments. There are another 7 or 8 companies there. Then, there is RedStart, which 
has another 20 companies. Then, there are there are the strategic investments, which I'm not counƟng here. 
So I would say non-strategic investments total would be ever done from 2007 onwards, whether through AIF 
or balance sheet or subsidiaries would be in the region of 120 plus approximately. Do we look at recycling? 
Yes, we do. But the point is that it's as and when exits happen and early stage invesƟng and we'd like to be ﬁrst 
cheques in the companies. Early stage invesƟng oŌen takes 8-20-12 years to mature and give you a possibility 
of an exit. At the same Ɵme, we like to hold on as long as possible. As long as there's enough growth and 
momentum in the company, as is the case in Zomato and Policybazaar. Because, what we also believe 
fundamentally is that if you have an investment in a company, you possibly have a future if you exit and take 
out cash, you've only got cash, and cash has no future other than 6%. At the same Ɵme, you could lose money 
if you make the wrong investments. We are cognizant of that. We are aware. We are conscious. We conƟnue 
to invest. The operaƟng business generates money. Some of that goes into investments and much of it does 
not.  
Typically, when we do an AIF, roughly about 40 to 50% of the investable capital, is earmarked for ﬁrst cheques 
into companies. The remaining 50 or 60% is for follow-on investments in the same companies. When we run 
out of ﬁrst cheque money, which is within 3 to 4 years of launching an AIF. That is when we launch a new AIF. 
So it's not as if the older funds don't have money. They have money, but that's earmarked for follow-ons in the 
old porƞolio.  
 
Vivekanand, Ambit: Did I get the Ɵming right? The ﬁrst cheques are typically deployed in 2 to 3 years of the 
AIF being launched and then subsequent funding happens as capital calls. 
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani: Maybe three years, someƟmes four years, but within three years, typically.  
 
Vivekanand, Ambit: That's helpful. Last quesƟon, Hitesh on the non-IT recruitment revenue opportunity from 
your vantage point. How big a revenue pool is there for you in the non-IT recruitment segment? I know you 
have menƟoned in the past that there are discounts that you give which are perhaps necessary for you to 
penetrate that market and acquire more users. You also menƟoned that there's a lot of self-serve acƟvity 
happening that people are logging on to your portal and becoming customers of Naukri directly. So can you 
walk us through how big can non-IT recruitment be in dollar terms or in terms of size of revenue pool, ﬁve 
years, ten years from now on?  

 
Hitesh Oberoi:  Non-IT revenue is approximately 50-52% of our revenue in Naukri. In terms of number of 
customers it's much larger and ARPUs are lower. What we've seen in the past is that whenever the economy 
grows sustainably at 6-6.5% for a prolonged period, we are have been able to grow our revenue at 20% plus. 
Non-IT is more indexed to the domesƟc economy as opposed to IT which is more indexed to what happens 
globally. So that's what we've seen in the past. If the domesƟc economy conƟnues to grow at 6- 6.5% per 
annum, unless we get new compeƟƟon, unless something changes, historically we've seen that business is 
able to grow at 20% plus. Partly like I said it's because of new customer addiƟons and partly it is because we 
are able to get price increases in a hot market, and partly it is because from exisƟng customers there's more 
volume. So that's what we've seen in the past. Now, this assumes that nothing much changes in the world 
outside and compeƟƟve situaƟon remains the same and we don't launch new products and so on and so forth. 
So you can do the math. Five years from now, if the Indian economy conƟnues to grow at 6-7% per annum, 
then this is what is likely to happen. Of course, with AI, we're trying to launch new features, new products. 
We're trying to make the plaƞorm more eﬃcient. In the past, I've always said that our plaƞorm is not as 
eﬃcient for non-IT hiring as it is for IT. There's an opportunity there if you can ﬁx some of those things and we 
conƟnue to work on those pieces. 
 
Vivekanand, Ambit: Just one last doubt that I had on the Jobspeak disclosures. The Jobspeak data now 
captures the indexed searches as well by recruiters. And typically searches translate into resume views which 
then straight away is accounted for in the database revenue that you have. So ideally the disclosures now the 
jobspeak that we get now should correlate more to recruitment billing right? But what we see is that the 
recruitment billing tends to grow much faster or maybe is much less volaƟle than jobspeak. Why is that so? 
And what are the other variables here that Jobspeak isn't yet capturing?  
 
Hitesh Oberoi: You're right, a lot of the recruitment acƟvity on the core plaƞorm is geƫng captured in job 
speak a lot beƩer than earlier. In addiƟon to this, like I menƟoned in the call, we have all these new products 
and services, adjacent businesses which have nothing to do with job speak. If we are growing in the Gulf or if 
the Hirist plaƞorm grows faster in a parƟcular quarter or if iimjobs does beƩer or if the candidate services 
business grows faster or if our branding soluƟons for example even on the core plaƞorm are growing faster 
than the main business and that will not get reﬂected in job speak. In a hot market, it's easy to take pricing up. 
On the other hand, the opposite can happen in a slow market so if job speak starts to move up and climb 
rapidly, then theoreƟcally it should be possible for us to take price increases as well. The reverse may happen 
on the way down. I'm sure there is some correlaƟon, but there are many other factors as well which impact 
billing in a parƟcular quarter.  
 
Vivekanand, Ambit: Understood, Thanks a lot for elaborate answers to my quesƟons and all the very best.  
 
Anand Bansal: Thanks, Vivek. Next quesƟon is from Ankur Rudra from JP Morgan. 
 
Ankur Rudra, JPM: The ﬁrst quesƟon is IT billings growth number of 16%. How much of this came from the 
GCCs versus the IT companies this Ɵme? Was there a parƟcular trend on one side versus the other?  
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Breaking it up like that because GCCs hiring also includes non-IT hiring. It's hard for us to ﬁgure 
out and we don't give that. We don't do that cut right now. 
 
Ankur Rudra, JPM: I know but from a ﬂavor perspecƟve is one stronger than the other are you seeing one 
segment  
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Anecdotally, what I can tell you is that GCCs are perhaps growing faster for us but we haven't 
looked at the numbers. 

 
Ankur Rudra, JPM: Are these larger GCCs that have begun to hire now in a big way, or are these newer GCCs?  
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Yes, a lot of the large GCCs had frozen hiring. Some of them have started hiring again.  
 
Ankur Rudra, JPM: Thank you. If the growth momentum conƟnues the way it is we haven't really had 
meaningful amount of price increases for the last couple of years. Is there a chance we might take a meaningful 
price increase in calendar 25? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Only if we have a hot market for hiring. We are focused on customer acquisiƟon in the core 
Naukri business and in growing our adjacent businesses faster and higher penetraƟon for those products. If 
the job market becomes hoƩer than it is today and talent becomes hard to get, then that makes it easier for 
us to take price increases. 
 
Ankur Rudra, JPM:  Last quesƟon is on the new fund. Is there any change in the mandated focus versus the 
previous funds?  
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani: No, it's sƟll early stage tech.  
 
Ankur Rudra, JPM: Okay. No change in terms of what you'll go aŌer with an early stage tech also?  
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani: Within early stage tech, will depend on the market is like. The way we do it is we don't 
do it top down. We do it boƩom up. We meet a few hundred companies. We look at a few hundred companies 
a quarter and then decide to invest in 2 or 3. So we'll see what's bubbling up from underneath and then we'll 
take a call. But in general, a few trends are emerging. I think it's preƩy clear that AI is going everywhere. So no 
maƩer which sector, which company you invest in there will be an element of AI in there. 
 
Ankur Rudra, JPM: Appreciate it. Thank you so much.  
 
Anand Bansal: Next quesƟon is from Nikhil Chaudhary. 
 
Nikhil Chaudhary, Nuvama: Hitesh, ﬁrst one on the recruitment side. We have seen some data point especially 
on JobSpeak, some slowdown, especially on the hiring data. Last two-three months had been quite muted 
compared to the acceleraƟon we were seeing in earlier months. And second, on the non-IT side, while most 
of the companies are calling out some slowdown due to macro and other stuﬀ, we have seen our non-IT remain 
very resilient. So just color on overall demand outlook, especially for Q4, which is one of the most important 
quarter for us. We had a favorable base for ﬁrst nine months. While Q4 won't be the same, we saw acceleraƟon 
in Q4 of the last year. So do you think demand conƟnue to improve and we would be able to deliver, let's say, 
mid-teen double digit growth or even higher in coming quarters? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: So let me answer the second quesƟon ﬁrst. Q4 is a seasonally strong quarter, but Q4 last year 
was weak as well. So it's not as if we have a high base. The base is high because of seasonality. Not because 
Q4 last year was a great quarter. So, as far as your quesƟon on hiring in non-IT, it's very sectoral. There are 
some sectors that are doing well and some sectors which are perhaps not growing as fast. On the whole 
business is okay. It's not like I was saying, it's not a great market, but it's not a bad market either. It's somewhere 
in the middle. As far as it is concerned, you're right, we saw some recovery, and aŌer that, things have 
stabilized. It's not as if things moved up have conƟnued to move up month on month. Having said so, it's a very 
volaƟle world. It's very unpredictable. Things change very quickly. Especially, in some sectors. For example, for 
the ﬁrst three weeks of this quarter, all hiring was slow. But, the last two weeks have been good. I'm looking 
at the number of jobs, etc. on the plaƞorm and commenƟng on how will it sustain going forward. So I don't 

know. I mean, it's a liƩle unpredictable on the whole. It seems like the market is stable. It's not neither moving 
up nor moving nor going down from where it was three months back. 
 
Nikhil Chaudhary, Nuvama: Second One, bit on medium term. We have seen IT companies for the ﬁrst Ɵme 
this quarter talking about their eﬃciency is ﬁnally coming and they expect ﬁnally they will have disconnect 
between hiring and revenue growth, while for the last decade, it was broadly the same. For the ﬁrst Ɵme, there 
is a comment. This will lead to change in the business model with revenue per employee going up compared 
to employee addiƟons. Do you think we also need to reinvent or might need to change our business model, 
especially in light with AI eﬃciency coming in one of the biggest market for us? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: We have been invesƟng in AI for a while now. And, the earlier it was classical machine learning 
and now it is more AI as well. We are also looking at AgenƟc AI to see what we can do with it. So one is, of 
course, we are trying to make our processes more eﬃcient. In some areas we are managing with fewer people. 
In other areas, we are trying to get people to deliver faster. What used to take six months, can it be done in 
two months or three months? In other areas, we are seeing opportunity and we are hiring people to beneﬁt 
from those opportuniƟes which AI has made possible which were perhaps not possible earlier. So, where will 
we end up as a result of all this? I don't know. I guess where Indian IT companies will also end up will be a 
funcƟon of where they see opportunity. How much they want to invest in those opportuniƟes and there will 
be some areas where they will become more eﬃcient as well.  
 
Nikhil Chaudhary, Nuvama: Just last point in terms of while I agree what Sanjeev said that it's diﬃcult to 
predict the margin of business like 99Acres. Thus want to understand, you as a management would like to keep 
margin of non-recruitment businesses at a breakeven level or internally you would like to focus on making it 
further more proﬁtable?  
 
Hitesh Oberoi: The way we operate is we look at where we can invest. We look for ideas, we look for 
opportuniƟes, and then we try and make those ideas happen. For example, we are invesƟng aggressively 
behind our blue collar business. We are invesƟng more and more with every passing year. We started 
moneƟzing it a few months back. And we are losing a lot of money right now. But we see an opportunity, so 
we are likely to increase our investment going forward in the blue collar business knowing very well that it will 
not generate a lot of revenue in the short term. Similarly, in 99Acres, there are areas where we see opportunity. 
We are going to invest a lot more than we were earlier invesƟng earlier.  We will not be irraƟonal. It's more 
idea driven. It's more insight driven.  And the margin that we will end up with is going to be a funcƟon of what 
revenue growth is going to be like aŌer making these investments, which is harder to predict. So that's how 
we operate. Now whether we want to make money in the business. Of course you would want to make money. 
Would we want to make it and get higher margins? Of course you want to get higher margins, but not, if we 
think it is going to hurt the business in the long run. 
 
Nikhil Chaudhary, Nuvama: Thanks a lot and good luck for the coming period.  
 
Anand Bansal: Next quesƟon is from Abhisek Banerjee from ICICI securiƟes.   
 
Abhisek Banerjee, ICICI:  Thanks for improving the quality of disclosures every single quarter. The new 
presentaƟon is really helpful. Most of my quesƟons have been answered. Just to add a couple of bookkeeping 
type quesƟons. One is, if you, see the nine months of FY 25, what would you see the average realizaƟon 
improvement from per client? How much has come of addiƟon of new clients, in terms of recruitment 
revenues? 
 

Vineet Ranjan: We don't disclose it for the intermediate period. We normally do it for the full year. But like 
Hitesh has menƟoned the previous calls as well. In the ﬁrst nine months and in the earlier quarter, it was mostly 
driven by volume than by pricing growth. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee, ICICI:  Understood. But I was trying to understand last Ɵme he had actually called out that 
despite not taking price increases per se, there was a realizaƟon improvement which happened because 
companies were hiring more senior people. So is that trend sƟll conƟnuing? That is what I was actually trying 
to get to. 
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani: Let me clarify, we don't get more revenue because somebody hired a senior person 
versus a junior person. So that doesn't change. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: We have value conversaƟons with customers and we have analyƟcs around how much they 
potenƟally beneﬁt from the plaƞorm. That helps us negoƟate with them in our negoƟaƟons. It's not as if we 
price like that. But at a macro level this year we have grown the number of customers. Also we have seen 
volume growth also and pricing growth has been very very modest. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee, ICICI:  Understood and one more point is that we saw excepƟonal loss of about 60 crores 
which was menƟoned on account of something moving from being a subsidiary to lisƟng an investment 
instrument. So, why the loss was recognized. I mean, is there a down round which happened? If you just could 
explain that part beƩer.  
 
Chintan Thakkar: I think if I understood the quesƟon correctly, you are referring to the impairment that we 
have done and we have shown it as an excepƟonal item in this quarter. So that represents one of the subsidiary 
company, Coding Ninja. When we invested we had certain expectaƟons. And at that point in Ɵme, the valuaƟon 
of Edtech companies were very diﬀerent than what it is now. Although the company is actually doing well in 
terms of narrowing the cash burn as well as they are growing 30% plus. So although they seem to be doing 
well, but as compared to the projecƟons that we had at the Ɵme we invested versus what it is today, I think 
there is a gap in the value of the asset that we are carrying in our accounts. That's why in consultaƟon with 
auditors and following the conservaƟve prudence and principles of conservaƟsm, we have chosen to impair to 
the extent we thought that the value looks more realisƟc to where it stands. 
 
Vineet Ranjan: Abhisek, just to add regarding your point on reclassiﬁcaƟon of one company from a JV to a 
ﬁnancial investment. That was not this quarter. That happened last quarter. We had an external investor come 
in and we got diluted. So it was for the previous quarter, not this quarter. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee, ICICI: Got it. Thanks and in terms of the demand outlook in the recruitment business. If you 
look at the total number of headcounts in the top it ﬁrms, about the top ten IT ﬁrms in FY 24. Probably that 
number has gone down about 4%. Right and there was a lot of stuﬀ wriƩen there and in terms of 
improvements from AI. People have oŌen quoted a number of about 20% improvement in eﬃciency. So do 
you really see there is more room for jobs to be cut?  
 
Hitesh Oberoi: I can't comment on how diﬀerent companies are going to navigate this. GCCs have been talking 
about their headcount growing because that's a very diﬀerent ball game. Jobs are moving from overseas to 
India. AI is also creaƟng opportuniƟes so it depends on how much you want to leverage those opportuniƟes. 
There are many big tech companies that may be cuƫng headcount in some areas. They're hiring in other areas. 
So that's also happening. Our revenue is a funcƟon of gross hiring not net hiring. So if aƩriƟon rates move up 
for some reason, that also beneﬁts us. Even though the company stays at the same headcount, but the aƩriƟon 
rate starts to climb, for some reason, it could be that GCCs start hiring from IT services companies and IT 

services companies are forced to replace the people who are leaving. That also helps us because it's a funcƟon 
of gross hiring and not net hiring.  
 
Abhisek Banerjee, ICICI: This is very helpful. Thank you so much. 
 
Anand Bansal: Next quesƟon is from Amit Chandra from HDFC securiƟes. 
 
Amit Chandra, HDFC: My quesƟon is on the recruitment segment. You menƟoned that you're invesƟng in the 
plaƞorm which is a blue collar hiring plaƞorm with JobHai. As of now, in terms of the revenue contribuƟon, 
what is the contribuƟon of JobHai and AmbiƟonBox in terms of overall revenue and billings? Also we are seeing 
that the billings growth for the iimjobs, NaukriGulf and Naukri Fast forward is much higher than what we are 
having at the consolidated level in the recruitment segment so if you can elaborate more in terms of what are 
the opportuniƟes that we see in the medium term here? You menƟoned about lot of AI being oﬀered so in 
terms of the pricing impact. How we are seeing AI impacƟng from the pricing perspecƟve? The increase in the 
realizaƟon that we're seeing is mostly AI? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: JobHai and AmbiƟonBox are very small today. We just started moneƟzing them this year. So 
this year, our revenue from JobHai plus AmbiƟonBox will be less than maybe Rs.20-25 crores in total. These 
are very Ɵny plaƞorms. But they're very strategic for us in the long run and we will conƟnue to invest behind 
them. For JobHai, this is the ﬁrst year of moneƟzaƟon and for AmbiƟonBox as well. We've started only a few 
months back. There's a core business and there are these adjacent verƟcals like iimjobs, Hirist, Fast Forward, 
etc. Together, I think they account for about 20% of our collecƟons in that ballpark in the recruitment business. 
Some of these verƟcals have been growing faster than the core business because the core business was very 
slow for the ﬁrst few quarters. And in some of these verƟcals not in all of them, for example, the fast forward 
business is more job seeker oriented. There is a penetraƟon game also which is sƟll playing out. So it's not as 
if we are alike the naukri business where penetraƟon levels are very high. Here in some of these verƟcals 
penetraƟon levels are low. So we are trying to get more and more customers onto our plaƞorm as well. We 
will aspire to and want to grow these adjacent verƟcals at a faster clip than the core Naukri business. As far as 
AI concerned, it is mostly being deployed on the core plaƞorm. If you do a good job then what should happen 
as a result of that deployment is that our plaƞorm should become more eﬃcient and more eﬀecƟve. If 
companies were hiring maybe 40 out of 100 people through our plaƞorm earlier, we should be able to take 
this number from 40 to 45 or 50, number one. Number two, we should be able to help them save Ɵme as well 
and get them to hire people faster because they should be able to ﬁnd the right candidates faster. Now, this is 
a journey. It's not as if we change the algorithm and things start to work. We have to keep iteraƟng, keep 
tesƟng, keep deploying new stuﬀ, see what's working and what's not working. We get feedback, we change 
things, etc. But we have been invesƟng and we've seen some good results. So as pricing is concerned, we are 
not charging extra for AI. Right now we are oﬀering it to everybody. And what I have said earlier, it's not easy. 
We've seen at least over Ɵme is that it's not easy to take prices up in a in a regular market. We can get a 3 or 
4% increase. It's hard to get more than that in a regular market or in a slow market. Of course, you end up 
discounƟng less once the market starts to improve, then it's possible to take higher increases.  
 
Amit Chandra, HDFC: My last quesƟon on the 99Acres plaƞorm. We are seeing improvement in terms of billing 
and proﬁtability there. We are seeing the best phase of the real estate market. Despite that we have not been 
able to moneƟze on that. Billings from the new project lisƟng is not up there as we would have intended to be, 
so what's not working out there?  
 
Hitesh Oberoi:  Let me break this up at a very high level. There is a new home market and there is a secondary 
market. Within secondary, I'm including the rental market. So the resale and rental market conƟnues to do 
well for us and our business has been growing at a reasonably healthy rate. And, we are perhaps gaining share 
in that segment as well. But it's less than half our business. The new home market has been hot. Within the 
new home market, there is a new launch market, which is perhaps what you're referring to and then there is 

a regular sale of under-construcƟon homes market (projects which were launched maybe a year ago, two years 
ago, three years ago). We don't really have a very big play in the new launch space. So that market is actually 
currently not with us. It's with Facebook, it's with Instagram, it's with Google. We have a very Ɵny share. Not 
just us but all real estate portals have a very Ɵny share of that market. We are working hard to see how we can 
increase our share in that market. Within that market also where we have seen a ﬂurry of acƟvity in premium 
housing. In fact, aﬀordable housing has been slow right throughout the country. It's not as if the aﬀordable 
housing market is very hot. It's actually perhaps easier to launch and sell ﬁve crore apartments than it is to sell 
an apartment for 70 lakhs, 80 lakhs, 1 crore right now. I know there's a lot of buzz around real estate and prices 
have moved up and so on in some markets. But it's not as if every segment of that market is doing well. We 
conƟnue to do well in the secondary market. We conƟnue to do well in under-construcƟon homes. We sƟll 
have a long way to go before we crack the new launch market which is where the big tech companies do really 
well. 
 
Amit Chandra, HDFC: Yeah understood. Thank you thank you and all the best. 
 
Anand Bansal: Next quesƟon is from Hulash Goyal.  
 
Hulash Goyal: Just a quick quesƟon from me on the 99Acres business. If we see the pace of the quarterly run 
rate of the revenue or the billings, it's been preƩy steady over quarter over quarter but proﬁtability has 
improved substanƟally. So could you ﬂesh out what has led to that improvement? Where have you pulled the 
levers? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Our manpower costs have been under control. Big plaƞorm work is already done and now we 
are improving things. A lot of investments have already been made and similarly, on the operaƟng side and on 
the sales side we're not adding a lot of headcount and I don't think we need to add a lot of headcount. If the 
plaƞorm can deliver beƩer going forward we can keep geƫng revenue growth. So there's high operaƟng 
leverage. Number two, our markeƟng has become a lot more eﬃcient and of course early days and this we 
saw some encouraging results in Q3. Now, we have to see whether that sustains going forward. But the 
plaƞorm is able to deliver a lot more inquiries and leads than earlier with the lower markeƟng spend today 
than was perhaps the case six months ago. So that's also helping. 
 
Hulash Goyal: Sure thanks a lot. 
 
Anand Bansal: Salil you can go ahead. 
 
Salil Desai:  My quesƟon is that you menƟoned the impairment clariﬁcaƟon was two things. The business itself 
is doing well but tech valuaƟons are down and that is why there's an impairment. Now, just help me understand 
we do not have recognized this anywhere at market value. So where does the tech valuaƟons changing?  
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani: When at an early stage, you go by potenƟal promise and projecƟons. Right now if it 
becomes apparent that those projecƟons are not going to be met in the near term at least and you had valued 
high and there has been a general correcƟon in the Edtech market valuaƟons. Then on a fair conservaƟve basis 
and as discussed with your auditors. They tell you to impair it and then you impair it and that's how it is 
 
Salil Desaio: Okay, I’ve not 100% understood this, but I'll take it up separately. 
 
Chintan Thakkar: I can add a liƩle bit if that helps you. Whatever is the DCF valuaƟon that we do, then there's 
certain mulƟple that is being used and certain comparable cases that are being used and those comparable 
cases when we made investment three years ago versus what the comparable cases and their respecƟve 
valuaƟons or what the new rounds of valuaƟon happening in private and public market are. I think they are 

very diﬀerent. So all that goes into the calculaƟon or the judgment that helps us. Like Sanjeev said that on a 
on a very prudent basis and on a very conservaƟve basis, we take the most conservaƟve view of what is 
happening. 
 
Salil Desai: Okay. Thank you.  
 
Anand Bansal: Thanks, Salil. Hitesh, there are quesƟons in the Q&A box. This is from NiƟn Jain from UTI AMC. 
The ﬁrst quesƟon - any plans to enter into new lines of business?  
 
Hitesh Oberoi: We see jobs, real estate, matrimony, daƟng and educaƟon. These are the lines of business we 
are currently in. It's very unlikely that we will add a new category in the next few months. But never say never. 
Who knows what is going to happen a year or two down the line. 
 
Anand Bansal:  And the other point he has made is between iimjobs and Hirist. What would your take be on 
them cannibalizing each other to some extent?  
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Some of these like DoSelect are soŌware plaƞorms. They don't compete with Naukri at all. 
iimjobs is our play in the premium MBA space. The reason we acquired iimjobs is because some premium MBA 
hiring also happens through Naukri. But it is perhaps a stronger player in that segment. Very liƩle 
cannibalizaƟon there in our view. The JobHai is a blue collar plaƞorm. Again, that's not a segment Naukri is 
very strong in. It's not as if a lot of blue collar hiring happens through Naukri which is why we are actually 
building a product in that space. Now at the edges there could be some overlap, who knows but they are 
actually diﬀerent products and they're targeƟng very diﬀerent segments. The posiƟoning is diﬀerent. The 
proposiƟon is diﬀerent. OŌen the customer base is diﬀerent. The user base is diﬀerent and that's how we are 
approaching them right now. Thanks. 
  
Vineet Ranjan: That was it on the quesƟons side. Thank you everyone for joining the call. We now conclude 
this conference call. You may now disconnect the lines. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi:  Thank you and have a great evening. 
 
Anand Bansal: Thank you so much, everyone. 
