 
 
 
 
  February 12, 2025 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call conducted on February 07, 2025 
 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam(s), 
 
In continuation of the earlier communication regarding the Earnings Conference Call regarding 
financial performance of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended on December 31, 
2024 and in compliance with Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended from time to time), please find enclosed herewith 
the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on February 07, 2025. 
 
The said Earnings Conference Call transcript may also be accessed at the website of the Company 
at www.dreamfolks.com. 
 
You are hereby requested to take the above intimation on record.  
 
Thanking you! 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Dreamfolks Services Limited  
 
 
 
Harshit Gupta  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: as above 
 
To,  
The Secretary, Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code: 543591 
To,  
The Listing Manager, Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C-1,  
Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
Symbol: DREAMFOLKS 
Dreamfolks Services Ltd. 
#501, Tower-2, Fifth Floor, Worldmark 
Sector-65, Gurugram – 122018 
Haryana, India | 0124-4037306 
www.dreamfolks.in | info@dreamfolks.in 
CIN : L51909DL2008PLC177181 
Regd. Office : 26, DDA Flats, Shivalik Road, Panchsheel Park, South Delhi, New Delhi - 110017 
HARSHIT 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
HARSHIT GUPTA 
Date: 2025.02.12 
20:00:25 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Dreamfolks Services Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 07, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE. This transcript has been edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on stock exchange on 07th February 2025, will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. LIBERATHA KALLAT – CHAIRPERSON AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR  
MS. GIYA DIWAAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. BALAJI SRINIVASAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER  
MR. SANDEEP SONAWANE – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER  
 
 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Dreamfolks Services Limited Q3 and 9M FY 
'25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Before we begin, let me remind you that this discussion may contain forward-looking statements 
and may include known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. It may be viewed in 
conjunction with the company's business risk that could cause future results, performance or 
achievements to differ significantly from what is being expressed or implied by such forward-
looking statements. 
Today on this call, we have with us Ms. Liberatha Kallat, Chairperson and Managing Director; 
Mr. Giya Diwaan, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Balaji Srinivasan, Executive Director and Chief 
Technology Officer and Mr. Sandeep Sonawane, Chief Business Officer. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Liberatha. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Liberatha Kallat: 
A very good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the earnings conference call for 
the quarter and 9 months ended 31st December 2024. We announced the financial results earlier 
today, and I hope you had a chance to go through the results, investor presentation and press 
release, which are available on the Stock Exchanges and on the company's website. 
During the 9 months of financial year '25, the two main revenue drivers that is the air traffic and 
credit card growth grew by 6.7% and 13.7%, respectively. Dreamfolks revenues grew by 14.5%, 
beating industry growth on account of addition of new clients. Our strategic focus of expanding 
our services beyond travel to lifestyle services will provide tailwinds to our top line growth in 
the coming years. 
During this period, bank clients continue to increase the minimum spending threshold on cards, 
thereby maximizing their return by spending money on the right set of users leading to a slight 
change in our volume mix, which put some pressure on our gross margins to 11.8% in 9MFY25. 
However, this is in line with our gross margin guidance of 11% to 13% for FY25. 
Our adjusted EBITDA margin stands at 7.9% in 9MFY25. We are witnessing structural change 
by our bank clients as part of the spend-based program implementation so that the benefits are 
being offered to the right set of users.  
As part of our expansion strategy, we hired top talent in India and out of India, which slightly 
impacted our margins. These decisions, while impacting our margins in the short term, are 
designed to strengthen our market position and enhance our long-term profitability. The 
company's strategic direction remains focused on diversification and expansion across three 
critical spheres: services, clientele and geographies. This approach is not just about growth. It's 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
about strengthening our foundation and broadening our horizons to serve our customers better 
and to create a more robust business model. 
We are excited to announce addition of new services such as baggage wrapping and coffee at 
malls. This addition not only enhances our service portfolio, but also addresses a growing need 
for offerings beyond the travel sector and tap further into lifestyle space. 
Baggage wrapping will help travellers seeking added security for their luggage and the thought 
behind launching coffee as a benefit was to tap into one of the largest spending categories after 
travel that is shopping.  
Further, we have expanded our domestic presence with the addition of two new lounges at 
Ayodhya Airport and Goa Dabolim Airport, bringing our total domestic airport lounge 
touchpoints to 76. This expansion ensures we maintain 100% coverage at Indian Airports, 
reaffirming our commitment to providing comfort and luxury to travellers across the nation. We 
continue to maintain 100% coverage at railway stations as well with our 13 railway lounge 
touchpoints. We have introduced new golf clubs in Maharashtra for one of the leading card 
issuers, offering opportunities for networking. The total number of golf courses in our network 
now stands at 63 in India as on 31st December 2024. 
In terms of diversification of clientele, we have taken significant steps during the quarter. We 
have successfully added 13 enterprise clients, including prominent OTAs like MakeMyTrip and 
TBO. I will leave it for Sandeep to delve deeper into our new partnership and the value they 
bring. We have also continued to expand our portfolio of banking clients, some of them 
transitioned to us from the competition. This shift is a clear indicator of our superior service 
quality and the trust we have earned with our clients.  
On the global front, our expansion continues with the addition of 10 international lounges, 
enhancing our global lounge network. The total number of airport lounges outside India now 
stands at 671. Moreover, our meet and assist services have now extended to more than 380 
airport terminals worldwide, ensuring a seamless and personalized travel experience for our 
customers wherever they may be. As on 31st December 2024, we have 605 golf courses outside 
India, providing access to golf games and lessons across the world.  
I will quickly talk about the industry. The outlook for India's travel industry is highly optimistic 
with WTTC projecting the sector to grow at 6.9% annually and expand to $512 billion by 2028. 
This growth will be driven by a blend of socioeconomic dynamics, technological progress and 
strategic government initiatives, fostering substantial expansion. The recently announced 2025-
26 union budget places a strong emphasis on stimulating growth, generating employment and 
developing infrastructure in the sector. 
The central government has announced plans to channel investment into infrastructure 
development closely in partnership with state governments. Under the modified UDAN scheme, 
120 airports will be connected and carry 4 crores new passengers in the next 10 years, which 
will significantly boost regional connectivity, fostering economic growth by enhancing trade, 
tourism and investment opportunities across underserved areas. 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
Additionally, there is a determined effort to boost spiritual and medical tourism within the 
nation. The significant focus of the government on this industry highlights the immense potential 
it possesses in the world's fastest-growing economy.  
The credit card industry is also experiencing a robust expansion driven by digital economic push, 
technological innovation, regulatory reforms and changing consumer habits. The number of 
credit cards in circulation has grown by 10% year-on-year to 108 million credit cards as on 31st 
December 2024, as reported by the RBI. This growth is driven by the banking sector's evolution, 
collaboration between banks, credit card issuers, fintechs and start-ups and a trend towards 
digital payments. 
To conclude, our strategic endeavours in diversifying services, expanding our clientele and 
extending our global reach are stepping stones to a future where our brand is synonymous with 
excellence, innovation and customer satisfaction. Our ability to navigate challenging market 
conditions highlights our technological strength and operational excellence. The achievements 
reflect the commitment of our team and demonstrates our ability to ensure consistent service 
delivery. Together, we are building a business that sets new benchmarks in the industry. 
With this, I would like to invite Sandeep to give an update. 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
Thank you, Liberatha. Let me take you through the strategic vision that is guiding the company 
forward as well as the updates for the quarter. Dreamfolks focused on growth and diversification 
through three key drivers that is client addition, wide range of services and geographical 
expansion within India and globally. 
 
Our goal is clear to continue leading as a dominant travel and lifestyle services aggregator. In 
the realm of services, we have made significant strides. The contribution of services other than 
India Airport lounge has increased to 6.9% in the first 9M FY '25, which was at just 5.2% in the 
same period last year. This remarkable growth is a direct result of our commitment to expanding 
our service offerings. 
We are also excited to announce the new services, one of them being coffee as a benefit at the 
malls. At Dreamfolks, we are dedicated to continuously enhance the customer experience in 
meaningful ways. This complementary service is designed with an intent of elevating the overall 
shopping experience, providing a moment of relaxation and indulgence amidst shopping. We 
recognize that shopping is an integral part of the consumer lifestyle and by offering this unique 
benefit, we not only help reduce the client's cost, but also add significant value to the customer 
experience. 
This service will help drive customer loyalty, deepen engagement and encourage higher 
spending, benefiting both client as well as customer. Not only will this service enhance our client 
offering, but it will also drive more transactions, save costs and increase engagement. 
The other service that we added was baggage wrapping, a convenient way to secure luggage, 
protecting it from damage and tampering. The service involves encasing suitcases in durable 
plastic wrap, ensuring travellers belongings remain safe and intact throughout the journey. We 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
currently have this service present at 12 airports in India and are in the process of expanding it 
to more cities.  
Our lounge business remains the cornerstone of our company with the addition of 2 domestic 
lounges at Ayodhya and Dabolim Airport, taking our total domestic count to 76, maintaining 
100% coverage. Despite the challenges posed by the spending-based programs, we have 
successfully maintained our volumes, highlighting the strength and resilience of our business 
model. 
Turning to our clientele. Our focus has been adding a number of enterprises, and I am thrilled to 
report that we have added 13 new enterprises in this quarter. Our partnership ranges from 
integrating with the likes of MakeMyTrip to provide customers with the option of purchasing 
airport lounges during the flight booking process to collaborating with likes of TBO, WSFx 
Global Company and more. We have also forged alliances with a few more enterprises like travel 
agencies and loyalty companies.  
Furthermore, we have welcomed new banking clients who have chosen us over our competition 
due to our wide array of services and robust tech. 
Our global expansion remains a key focus with  10 new lounges added globally and 18 new F&B 
outlets in Dubai and Abu Dhabi. Our meet and assist services now extend to more than 380 
airport terminals worldwide, and we boast a network of 605 golf courses outside India. 
In conclusion, our strategic endeavours are not just about growth, they are about setting a new 
standard in the travel and lifestyle industry. We are building a legacy of excellence, customer 
satisfaction and global reach. 
With that, I will now request Bala to take through what has happened in the last quarter. 
Balaji Srinivasan: 
Thank you, Sandeep. I'll give an update about our technology platform. As you may be aware, 
our platform is designed and aimed at providing our clients and their end consumers the visibility 
of their benefits, provide access to such benefits, the choice of access mechanism and the host 
of services while at the same time getting an excellent consumer experience and the superior 
technology stack as the underlying core of such enablement of multiple services we have at our 
company. 
As Sandeep mentioned, we are seeing a trend that our clients are continuing to do more deeper 
integration with us and are leveraging our platform’s for spend-based options and other tools for 
existing products and new product launches. Many of you may have already used our  web 
access product, the consumers can register the card, keep the benefits and the services that is 
available on that card, for example, lounges, meet and assist and other services. 
They can also take the utilization on such card and eventually generate a QR code to get access 
to such lounges. They can also take friends and family along by going in a paid model, in case 
the friends and family don't have access to complementary lounges or in case the complementary 
visits have been exhausted. 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Our entire stack is proprietary and has been developed in-house. The platform and the 
technology is cloud-based, and it allows the partners to check the benefits of the consumers 
based on the cards, memberships, vouchers and also allows access to different facilities based 
on the benefits of the integration as for the client, such as banks, networks, processes and their 
underlying systems. 
In the back end, the platform actually comprises of quite a few components. There is benefit 
configuration, there is benefit calculation, there is an entire management engine. And there are 
also data exchange APIs with different banks and networks and these integration options to 
embed deeply into different mechanisms with our partners. Our platform also facilitates the use 
of hybrid access modes depending on the client's preference, so they can use whichever 
mechanism is most beneficial to them. 
It also facilitates access processes so the consumers benefit such things in real time across 
various access models. And that drives accurate accounting and is designed to prevent abuse and 
denial of services. I will hand over to Giya for an update on the financials for the quarter. Over 
to you, Giya. 
Giya Diwaan: 
Thank you, Bala, and a very good evening to everyone. I truly appreciate your presence today. 
This quarter marks new milestones in our ongoing progress. It reflects our collective efforts and 
foreshadows future opportunities. We navigated challenges, achieved successes, and adapted to 
change, all while adhering to our core values. 
The financial results we'll review today are not merely data points. They demonstrate our 
commitment and the positive impact we are delivering to our clients and the industry. I will 
begin by giving you the quarterly highlights first, followed by the 9-month period.  
Revenue for the quarter stood at INR 340.1 crores, an increase of 11.5% from INR 305.1 crores 
in the corresponding quarter of the last year. Gross profit stood at the same level at INR 38.3 
crores as compared to Q3 FY '24. Gross profit margin saw a marginal decline due to the reasons 
highlighted by Liberatha in her speech earlier. Adjusted EBITDA stood at INR 25.8 crores as 
compared to INR 29.7 crores in the same quarter of the last year. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 
at 7.6% as against 9.7% in Q3 FY '24. The company recorded a PAT of INR 16.9 crores as 
compared to INR 20.0 crores in Q3 FY '24. PAT margin declined slightly to 5% as compared to 
6.6% in Q3 FY '24. Diluted earnings per share for Q3 FY '25 stood at INR 3.2 as against INR 
3.7 in Q3 FY '24. 
Now moving on to 9M FY '25. Revenue for the period stood at INR 977.7 crores, a 14.5% 
growth as compared to INR 853.9 crores in the corresponding period of the last year. Gross 
profit saw a modest growth at INR 115 crores as compared to INR 101.7 crores in 9M FY '24. 
Gross profit margin was at 11.83%, almost in line with 9M FY '24. Adjusted EBITDA stood at 
INR 77.1 crores in 9M FY '25 as compared to INR 76.1 crores in the same period of the last 
year. Adjusted EBITDA margin was at 7.9% as against 8.9% in 9M FY '24. 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
The company recorded a PAT of INR 50.1 crores as compared to INR 50.7 crores in 9M FY '24. 
PAT margin declined slightly to 5.1% as compared to 5.9% in 9M FY '24. Diluted earnings per 
share for 9M FY '25 stood in line at INR 9.3 similar to 9M FY '24. 
Our cash flow from operations has improved significantly compared to last year. The cash flow 
from operations stood at INR 36.5 crores in 9M period as compared to negative INR 32.9 crores 
in corresponding period last year. This is on the back of improved DSOs. 
We continue to have a strong balance sheet. Our net worth as on 31st December 2024, stands at 
INR 284.8 crores compared to INR 236.4 crores as of March '24. Our cash and reserves balance 
at that quadrant stood at INR 1,134.5 crores. Our working capital cycle for the quadrant stood at 
30 days from 58 days in the last quarter. 
Our strategic initiatives, especially towards global expansion are well underway and are 
expected to serve as a catalyst for future growth. We remain confident in our strategies that has 
helped us deliver sustainable growth so far. 
With that, I would like to conclude my update, and we are happy to open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
We have our first question from the line of Deepali Kumari from Arihant Capital Markets.  
Deepali Kumari: 
I just have a couple of questions. Like what are the key drivers behind the company expansion 
beyond the airport lounges? And how do you see this segment evolving? And also with services 
like baggage wrapping and coffee at mall being introduced, how do you plan to scale and 
integrate these offerings? 
Balaji Srinivasan: 
How do you see the segment evolving? And third question... 
Deepali Kumari: 
Okay. So sir, I'm asking what are the key drivers behind the company expansion beyond airport 
lounges? And how do you see this segment evolving? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
Okay. So I think it was mentioned that our two main vectors which decides our top line growth, 
One is the air traffic growth and the second is basically as to how much is the credit card industry 
growing every month-on-month or maybe for that matter year, so these are two big vectors that 
drives fundamentally our top line. 
Deepali Kumari: 
Okay. And sir, what is the strategy for increasing revenue from non-airport lounge service to the 
targeted 50% to 20% in the next 4 to 5 years? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
So we have continued. In fact, our strategy is very clear, expand in terms of the client base or 
rather increase the type of the client that we have. Currently, a significant portion of our business 
is coming from bank as a client. We are adding quite a lot of number of enterprises. And we just 
mentioned that we have added 13 enterprises. So that is part of Strategy number one. 
Part of Strategy number two is to increase the number of services. So we move away not only 
from the travel as a sector, but we are also targeting lifestyle as a sector, and hence, golf becomes 
important, hence, coffee becomes important, so on and so forth. So as we keep adding more and 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
more services, the opportunity to really sell these services to our sponsor clients increases. So 
that is strategy pillar number two. 
And the third one is global expansion. So while we feel very confident in terms of what we have 
built in India and because of which we have whatever market share, which we are really 
dominant, we feel that given our tech prowess, we can take the same model elsewhere and 
probably replicate in any other country, and that's the Strategy number three, which is going to 
a Southeast Asia market as a first or maybe Middle East as a market as a Phase 1. So these are 
the three strategic pillars that we keep driving. 
Deepali Kumari: 
Yes. Okay, sir. Also, sir, like the company has increased its F&B presence with 18 new outlets 
in the Middle East and the 9 in India. So how do the economics of F&B operations compared to 
traditional non-service in terms of revenue per transaction and margins? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
If you were to really look at the unit value, the unit value would be close to 60% of the lounge 
or maybe 50% in some cases. However, the propensity of using an F&B is higher because there 
is a choice to the consumer, unlike a lounge where you have to go into a lounge, which is 
probably only one in an airport, in a single airport. 
So hence, we are expanding our portfolio because quite a lot of consumers are feeling or rather, 
they enjoy the local cuisine, the local culture of the country. And that is why we thought that 
F&B plays a very integral part to it, which also defines a little bit of culture of the place. And 
that is why we are adding a lot of F&B places across globe, also in India. 
Moderator: 
Ma'am, we please request you to rejoin the queue. The next question is from the line of Kaustav 
Bubna from BMSPL Capital. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
So I wanted to understand your view on the competitive threat that a player like Priority Pass 
poses to Dreamfolks. Also wanted to understand when we see Priority Pass cards, you see that 
Priority Pass has its own card, it's not like you have an HDFC card and then your lounge access 
is permitted through that HDFC card. They give a separate Priority Pass card, right? 
So I just wanted to understand the business model difference. How do they've created a brand 
so they can do that. How do you see your business evolving in that regard? And, what is 
Dreamfolks strategy to battle competitive threats from players like Priority Pass? 
Liberatha Kallat: 
Sure. So firstly, just to tell you that, yes, Priority Pass is a 30-plus year old company in the 
market. And I think the way Dreamfolks actually came up in the market was to create a 
differentiator, and the differentiator was primarily not to give a separate card, but to actually 
give the benefit on the same credit or the debit card. So that was the biggest difference. So 
Priority Pass was already existing in India. It's not that they are a competition which has come 
now or recently. They were always there. 
However, because of the differentiator what we created in terms of the technology, in addition 
to that, in, I would say, a couple of years, the way we have also built the different services and 
the way the technology is now deeply integrated with all our clients, right? So that is one of the 
biggest strengths and I would say, a differentiator what we created. So we do not see a threat 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
with the competition like Collinson or a Priority Pass for us especially for India, and that's how 
we have gained the market share from them. 
The differentiator what we are rather creating is not to have a separate plastic because today, 
everything is changing, and payments are becoming digital. So people are actually not even 
carrying any additional card with them. So, carrying a card just for a lounge access or for a 
benefit is actually no more there, right? 
So the way we are actually building even in terms of growing in other markets is to digitalize, 
and we have already built that solution, and more and more clients are adapting to the same 
system what we have built. So if you actually ask me, I would say that we are far ahead of the 
competition in terms of the technology what we have built, not just in terms of the solution, but 
I would also say that in terms of the benefits or the services, we are not just limiting ourselves 
to the travel today. We have also gone into lifestyle. So this is the biggest differentiator, and we 
do not see any such threats from Priority Pass or any other competition. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
So I had another question on the risk. So if you look at 2 aspects of risk, so out of your INR 
1,200 crores of revenue, your main business is from lounge access, right? So is there any way 
you could tell me out of this INR 1,200 crores of revenue, how much of the top 5 lounges 
contribute? And which are those top 5 lounges?  
And then the second question is on risk is, there's been this concern, and I think I've heard it in 
your call also before, where analysts are asking, if GMR and Adani set up their own lounges, 
how does this impact the business of Dreamfolks? So could you address all these questions I've 
asked? 
Liberatha Kallat: 
So I would say that it's a mix of numbers coming from all the lounges. So there is nothing called 
the top 5 locations because every different client has a different set of requirements in terms of 
the network in what they require, right? So I will not be able to actually tell you which would be 
the top 5 in terms of the contribution. 
Now secondly, coming to partners like the ones you mentioned, I would say that even if it is a 
lounge from GMR or any other operator, they would need volume or revenue coming in, right, 
because they are just building the infrastructure. But to run the lounge, they would need the 
customers, and I would say that Dreamfolks is the one who is driving the majority of the volume 
to all these lounges. So the thing is that there is no such threat because we’ve become as a partner 
for them to work together. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
But then does your margin and your revenue for that particular lounge fall if you're handling a 
lounge and promoting a lounge of a third party other than Adani or a GMR? 
Liberatha Kallat: 
It is the same model, whether it is run by Adani or if it is run by any other operator. The model 
is the same. 
Balaji Srinivasan: 
We don't own or operate. 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Liberatha Kallat: 
Yes, so anyways, there are no lounges that are managed or run by Dreamfolks. All these lounges 
are third-party owned. So it makes no difference for us, whether it is owned by GMR or if it is 
owned by any other operator. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
Yes, yes, I understand that but I was talking about bargaining power because they are large 
entities, but anyways understood. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of R Sen from MAS Capital. 
R Sen: 
So India's aviation sector is witnessing like a consolidation right, where Indigo and Tata's have 
kind of literally dominated 85% of the domestic market. Now given a significant portion of this 
revenue is linked to the footfalls with tie-ups with airlines, do you see a plan to insulate any 
airline-driven pricing pressure or any potential renegotiations of partnerships given this 
interesting dynamic that is shaping up? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
So frankly speaking, I mean, 2 airlines operating in India versus 5 airlines actually doesn't 
change or rather to that extent, doesn't impact us at all because we are driven by the industry. I 
mean, air traffic as such as opposed to a combination of one company along with the other or 
the interplay between them. 
So to that extent, it doesn't matter because ultimately, whether you choose an airline A or an 
airline B, the consumer sitting inside the plane is my consumer. So really it does not impact, I 
mean, the merger or 85% contribution of the 2. 
R Sen: 
The reason I was asking that question because India is obviously in its very early stages. But if 
you see the U.S., right, you have these giant airlines where they run their own lounges and the 
same thing can come to India, and that's why I was hinting at where if the Tatas and Indigos of 
the world decide to enter this business, they have the 85% market share. So have you thought 
about that as a risk? 
Liberatha Kallat: 
Sir if you actually see even in India, there were airline lounges, right? There were Air India 
lounges, there were Jet Airways and, in the past, even the Kingfisher lounges were also there. 
But these will primarily cater only to their airlines, which would be for their business class or 
the loyalty customers, right? However, we are not catering to that segment. We are actually 
catering to a segment which is non-business class. 
So, it is primarily a benefit which has been given by the banks or the OTAs or the enterprises 
who are actually driving this program. So it will actually not impact or there is no risk in terms 
of if there are airline lounges coming. 
Secondly, just to give you a brief that the way right now, there are changes happening in Indian 
market in terms of the privatization. So if you actually see, all these airline lounges are actually 
out now, and because they do not want to have multiple lounges, there are only one lounge or 
max there will be 2 lounges, which would be dedicated, one would be just for the business class 
or the first class  passengers and one is dedicated to the loyalty cardholders, which is primarily 
the one what we are running. So even if there are these airline lounges coming in, just to tell you 
that there is no threat for us. 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
R Sen: 
Sure. I appreciate that. One last question. So Dreamfolks has been looking at international 
markets, particularly Southeast Asia and the Middle East. What challenges have you 
encountered in expanding beyond India? Are global players like Priority Pass or Plaza Premium 
becoming a hurdle in establishing the partnership abroad? 
Liberatha Kallat: 
So as I told you that when we started in India as well, there were players like Priority Pass 
existing and there were other players also existing. The way we entered the market was creating 
a differentiator in India market, and that is actually helping us in a similar way to bring up in the 
other regions as well, right? 
I would say the way Dreamfolks is building and growing is in terms of enhancing the solution, 
not having a stabilized or not improvising the one which we have built maybe 12 years back, we 
are improvising, and we are upgrading ourselves and understanding what the client requirement 
is. 
So I don't see that it is a challenge from the competition there. But I would say that the gestation 
period in terms of onboarding any new client, especially a bank is a longer time because already 
when there is a relationship, it takes time for anyone to actually migrate to a new partner. So that 
is the reason that it is taking time. 
Secondly, we are already working with, I would say, the international brands like the network 
providers, and we are very closely working right now in building the solution for the global 
market as well for them. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Kunjan from Tycho Ventures. 
Kunjan: 
So my question is that for facilitating airport lounge access, we are diversifying from banks to 
other enterprises like airlines, OTAs. So what would be the contribution of these enterprises 
currently? And second, that we have also started offering membership ranging from 7,000 to 1 
lakh Dreamfolks membership. So how is this picking up? And is this a similar model to Priority 
Pass membership model? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
Okay. So, I'll answer the first question. In the next 4 to 5 years, we envisage the business coming 
out of enterprise would be close to 20% on a top line. So that continues to be our model, and 
that will help in terms of also improving our margin. 
Kunjan: 
No. But what I'm trying to ask is that even within facilitating airport lounge access, which is 
currently like 93% of our revenue, how much is our dependence on banks? And what is the 
proportion of other OTAs and  other enterprises contributing? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
Yes. So yes, close to 95% of our business, to be frank with you, is coming from banking or 
networking type of clients and as Liberatha mentioned, whenever we sign a client, one, it takes 
a little longer time. 
Secondly, what happens with enterprise, unlike a bank, enterprise is -- there are many 
enterprises, and every single enterprise gives us much smaller revenue as compared to a bank 
client. A bank client, once it comes, gives you a larger revenue as compared to enterprise. 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Secondly, to answer your second question on the Dreamfolks Club membership, see, the idea of 
launching the Dreamfolks Club membership was threefold. One was to tell that it is not only one 
service that is available with Dreamfolks, which is lounge, but a bank or a B2B client, even for 
that matter, enterprise can actually package the entire services and can offer to the consumer, 
point number one. 
Point number two, it also helped us in terms of making our various services discoverable to the 
clients. I mean clients still know us as a lounge provider. So, the entire objective of that was to 
really tell the bank as a client or an enterprise as a client that we have many more services than 
the lounge. So, the idea then also was not to really go B2C, but the idea was to ensure that our 
B2B clients through our website know that these can be packaged, these are available at these 
kinds of costs, and there are many more services other than the lounge, and we stick to that. 
And to answer the question, frankly speaking, we are not even tracking in terms of what is the 
kind of volume that is coming out of this because it is not intended to really drive volumes for 
us from B2C, it is B2B only. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
I missed on the reason for the lower gross margin for this quarter? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
So, we did mention that banks are going and increasing their threshold, the spend threshold for 
the consumer. I mean a case in point would be that a very known bank, which had a limit of INR 
35,000 per quarter, increased it to INR 75,000 per quarter, and that actually reduced dramatically 
the volumes. 
And when all these kinds of changes happen, Shreyans, you would really appreciate the kind of 
volumes that we are managing. There is definitely a change in the volume mix that happens, and 
because of which there is always a slight correction that happens in terms of gross margins, 
which are temporary. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it. Got it. Sure. And one more from my side. How should one look for FY '26 in terms of 
revenues? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
In terms of growth, you are asking? 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Yes, yes. 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
Shreyans, FY '26, , we want to really see this year passing by. We are already at the fag end of 
the third quarter has happened. Fourth quarter, I think, you've already got an indication in terms 
of the growth that we have. We are at 14.5% revenue growth as far as top line is concerned, so 
first 9 months. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Right, right. So I mean, as pointed out, the industry growth is expected at 6% to 9%, we'll 
definitely outperform it, right? That's the way to look at it? 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
Yes, we are already, if you were to look at both, I mean, which Liberatha in her speech also 
mentioned that the air traffic growth as well as the credit card growth is much lesser this year 
than what we are growing at. So, we are definitely outperforming on both the vectors. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it. And two clarifications. One, I mean, in terms of employee cost, should we assume this is 
the peak and probably this would be the run rate going forward? And secondly, in terms of our 
other income, this quarter seems to be on a higher side. 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
So yes, employee cost more or less, Shreyans, should be in similar line unless and until there is 
a business as usual. I mean, that's one. Secondly, in terms of what is the other income. So Giya 
did mention that at this point in time, we had a very good cash flow. And obviously, whatever 
you are seeing is the treasury income that is coming through. I hope that we continue this and 
give you better results than this. But that's a very small portion of that. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it. And I mean, one, if I can, I mean, squeeze in one more. Just in terms of cash flow, I mean, 
what is the reason? Is it that the debtor days, which has helped us during this quarter? Or it's 
something else as well in terms of creditors? 
Giya Diwaan: 
Yes. So both, Shreyans, in terms of creditor days as well as debtor days actually, which was 
slightly off track in the month of September, we could bring in the efficiency now in this quarter. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that would be the last question for today. And I now hand the conference 
over to Ms. Liberatha for closing comments. Over to you, ma'am. 
Liberatha Kallat: 
Thank you all for joining our earnings call today. We hope your queries have been answered. 
For any further queries or information, please contact our Investor Relations team at EY. On 
behalf of the company, I thank you all once again for your time and participation. Do take care 
of yourself, and goodbye. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Dreamfolks Services Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
