Max Estates Limited 
Corporate Oﬃce: Max Towers, L-20, C-001/A/1, Sector-16B, Noida-201301, Uttar Pradesh, India, | P: +91 120-4743222  
Regd. Oﬃce: Max House 1, Dr. Jha Marg, Okhla Phase 3, Opposite Okhla Railway Station, Okhla Industrial Estate, New Delhi -110020  
Email : secretarial@maxestates.in | Website : www.maxestates.in | CIN: L70200DL2016PLC438718 
February 14, 2025 
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex   
Bandra (East)  
Mumbai – 400 051  
SYMBOL: MAXESTATES 
 Scrip Code: 544008 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call 
conducted on February 10, 2025 at 11:00 a.m. (IST) to discuss Q3 9M FY’25 financial results 
performance of the Company. 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you,   
Yours faithfully,  
For Max Estates Limited  
Abhishek Mishra  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: a/a 
Abhishek 
Mishra
Digitally signed by 
Abhishek Mishra 
Date: 2025.02.14 22:31:05 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Max Estates Limited 
Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 10, 2025 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 10th February, 2025 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SAHIL VACHANI – VICE CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – MAX ESTATES LIMITED 
 
MR. RISHI RAJ – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – MAX 
ESTATES LIMITED 
 
MR. NITIN KANSAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –
MAX ESTATES LIMITED 
 
MR. ARCHIT GOYAL – HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS 
– MAX ESTATES LIMITED 
 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATION ADVISORS – MAX 
ESTATES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Max Estates Limited Q3 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date 
of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sahil Vachani, Vice Chairman and Managing Director, 
Max Estates Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Vachani. 
Sahil Vachani: 
Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on this Q3 and 9 months FY 
'25 earnings conference call. I'm joined today by my colleagues, Rishi Raj, who is our Chief 
Operating Officer; Nitin Kansal, who is the CFO; and Archit Goyal, who's the Head of Investor 
Relations; and our IR partners from SGA. The earnings presentation has been uploaded on our 
website and stock exchanges. 
 
To give a brief overview, the Indian real estate market continues to witness robust growth with 
Delhi NCR leading the way. The sector has seen strong sales and new launches driven by 
increasing disposable income, infrastructure upgrades and evolving consumer preferences.  
On the commercial real estate side, the industry has seen record office leasing activity, wherein 
gross office leasing transactions have increased by 27% in the year 2024, reaching a historic 
figure of 79 million square feet across all the 9 major cities. This surpasses the pre-COVID peak 
of 2019 and Delhi NCR approximately accounts for about 15% of the total leasing volume.  
The key market drivers for this, as we see it are driven by the expansion of global capability 
centers, the rising domestic demand, increased adoption of flexible workspaces and a general 
shift towards premium office spaces. In 2024, GCCs alone contributed about 40% of the total 
office leasing.  
Around the sectoral trends, BFSI, e-commerce and technology firms collectively accounted for 
about 58% of the leasing activity, while domestic firms led space absorption contributing 45% 
to the overall leasing. 
 
On the residential side, the market reached a 12-year high in annual sales with properties in the 
INR20 million to INR50 million range saw a 62% year-on-year growth, driven by rising 
aspirations and confidence in India's economic trajectory. The NCR market dynamics, the 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
Page 3 of 13 
 
market saw a slight correction to about 28,000-odd units, developers launched about 30,000 
units in the second half of H2 2024, aligning with buyer demand and around infrastructure 
growth. Primarily, luxury and premium housing remains strong, reinforcing the region's appeal 
for high-end homebuyers and investors. 
 
On inventory and market trends, we saw that the unsold inventory rose 3% to about 106,000 
units overall with the quarters to sell at about 7 quarters. However, on the premium and luxury 
side, they showed stronger absorption with the quarters to sell of around 4 in the INR20 million 
to INR50 million price point and 3 quarters in the INR50 million to INR100 million price point, 
which we believe is a very healthy level given historic trends. 
 
At an overview for Max Estates, the company has surpassed its full year sales - achieving about 
INR5,200 crores of presales in the first 9 months itself. This reinforces our strong execution and 
market leadership position, demonstrating a year-on-year growth of nearly 300%. This is backed 
by collections of approximately INR750 crores as well. 
 
Our latest acquisition of 10-acre land parcel in Noida in Sector 105 adds 2.6 million square feet 
of mixed-use development potential with a gross development value of INR3,000 crores plus an 
annuity income potential of INR140 crores, which has enabled us to build now a truly well-
diversified portfolio of about 17 million square feet within Delhi NCR across residential, 
commercial and mixed-use development opportunities, positioning us for sustained growth in 
the years ahead.  
A robust pipeline of 7 million square feet with a GDV potential of INR14,000-plus crores is 
planned for FY '26 and '27, further strengthening our growth outlook. With a very solid balance 
sheet and INR1,300 crores of growth capital raised, we are well positioned to scale further. 
 
I'll now invite Rishi to share some business updates. Thank you. 
Rishi Raj: 
Good morning, everyone. Let me cover the business updates in 3 sections: mixed-use, residential 
and commercial developments. First, mixed-use development. As Sahil updated, we have won 
the bid to acquire 10.33 acres in Noida Sector 105, adding 2.6 million square foot of mixed-use 
development with GDV potential of INR3,000-plus crores and annuity income potential of 
INR140 crores, annuity rental income potential of INR140 crores. This deploys INR300 crores 
of existing capital, including an upfront payment of INR284 crores, which is 40% of acquisition 
cost. Balance cost is to be paid in 8 half-yearly installment at an interest rate of 10.5% to Noida 
Authority. 
 
Coming to our second mixed-use development, the Delhi One project in Sector 16B, Noida, 
received NCLAT approval, and we are on track to take over… 
Moderator: 
Sir, sorry to interrupt you. We have lost your audio. 
Rishi Raj: 
Can you hear me? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Now we can. 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
Page 4 of 13 
 
Rishi Raj: 
Okay. I'll repeat from Delhi One. The Delhi One project received NCLAT approval, and we are 
on track to take over the entity housing the development with expected launch in FY '26. It has 
2.5 million square foot of development potential between sold and unsold units and a GDV 
potential of INR1,500 crores from new sales, INR500 crores from receivables of unsold -- of 
sold units and annuity income potential of INR120 crores from commercial office and retail 
developments. 
 
Next, on residential development. With the successful launch of Estate 128 Phase 2, we have 
achieved INR869 crores in presales. This takes the combined project sales for both the phases 
now at INR2,730 crores. We have, in total, collected INR550 crores from Estate 128. 
 
Coming to Estate 360, our Gurugram launch, we have recorded INR4,325 crores in presales with 
90% of units sold and INR645 crores collected. Our plan is to launch 18.23 acres adjacent to 
Estate 360 in calendar year 2025 is on track. This has a development potential of 4 million square 
foot and GDV potential of INR9,000 crores. 
 
Finally, coming to commercial portfolio. First, we are in the process of acquiring 3 floors in Max 
Towers for INR105 crores, consolidating our ownership. Post acquisition, area under our 
ownership has increased from 3.1 lakh square foot to 3.6 lakh square foot, representing 63% of 
total. And with this, our annual rental potential will increase from INR42 crores to INR50 crores. 
 
Coming to Max Square, with a leasable area of 6.8 lakh square foot, we have achieved 93% 
occupancy with rental premium of over 25% compared to prevailing market rate in the micro 
market. It featured a significant leasing transaction that we recently closed of approximately 
150,000 square foot, making it one of the largest GCC deals in Noida. 
 
Coming to our underdevelopment projects, Max Square Two and Max 65 in Gurugram, both of 
them are under construction, which is in full swing. It is progressing well, and our completion 
is expected in quarter 3 calendar year 2027 for Max Square Two in Noida and Phase 1 of our 65 
project in Gurugram. For second phase of 65 project in Gurugram, occupancy is expected by 
quarter 4 of calendar year 2028. Overall, our commercial portfolio, including operational assets 
under development and those at design stage at peak occupancy is poised to generate INR725 
crores in annuity rental income over the next 5 years. 
 
Coming to our growth outlook, we remain committed to expanding our development pipeline 
with a strategic focus on acquisitions in Delhi NCR. Over the next 3 years, we aim to achieve 
presales booking of INR21,000 crores cumulatively. And of this, between development projects 
already in Gurugram and Noida, we have already secured INR14,000 crores of GDV potential 
set for launch within the next 2 years. With robust development pipeline, we are very confident 
to continue to add, as per our guidance, at least 3 million square foot of development potential 
every year in the near term. 
 
With this, I hand over to Nitin for financial highlights. 
Nitin Kansal: 
Thank you, Rishi. Good morning, everyone. To begin with, I'll start with the financial highlights 
for the 9-month ended for financial year '25. The revenue stood at INR121 crores. The EBITDA 
stood at INR35 crores, profit before tax of INR16 crores and profit after tax of INR12 crores.  

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Lease rental income showed a growth of 87% year-on-year, clocking INR83 crores in the 9 
months. The revenue from the facility management arm, Max Asset Services stood at INR30 
crores. The total leased -- commercial leased area in the portfolio stood at 12 lakh square feet at 
this point of time. 
 
On the liquidity front, currently, we have a debt of INR1,125 crores, including an LRD, lease 
rental discounting debt of INR800 crores. Against that, we have a cash and cash equivalents of 
INR1,600 crores, resulting in a net cash surplus of INR300 crores. 
 
On our capex, we are planning to deploy an amount of close to INR875 crores in the next 2 years 
across our commercial portfolio. These projects have already achieved the financial closure 
through equity commitment from New York Life and the raising of debt from a consortium of 
banks led by SBI and ICICI Bank.  
In the residential space, we are planning to deploy an amount of close to INR5,000 crores across 
already launched assets. This capital is expected to be deployed from the sales receivables from 
the existing sales. The total collections from the residential portfolio stood at INR1,195 crores. 
 
On the capital utilization and growth outlook, around INR350 crores from the QIP funds has 
been earmarked for the Sector 105 upcoming development. Remaining capital will be 
strategically deployed for future acquisitions and expansions. With a well-capitalized balance 
sheet, we are well positioned to execute our planned developments while maintaining financial 
discipline. 
 
With this, we now open the floor for question-and-answer session. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Mohit Agarwal from IIFL Securities. 
Mohit Agrawal: 
Congratulations on a very successful launch in Noida. My first question is on the business 
development deal announced in Noida. So you've mentioned that there are consortium partners 
also. So could you elaborate on what is the attributable share to Max Estates, both on the 
residential side and on the rental business side? 
Nitin Kansal: 
Thank you, Mohit. The share which is attributable to Max Estates is 80% across both the 
residential and the commercial side. 
Mohit Agrawal: 
And the capex outlay will also be in the same proportion or you are supposed to -- the entire 
INR700-odd crores is to be put in by Max Estates? 
Nitin Kansal: 
So we would be trying to achieve the financial closure of this project through the combination 
of debt and equity. And the existing partners and the other consortium members will bring their 
respective share of equity required for the project. 
Mohit Agrawal: 
Okay. Understood. My second question is, in your presentation, you mentioned you've given a 
margin guidance. So I see that you have given 40% to 45% for Noida project 128 and about 
20%, 25% for 360. Could you elaborate a bit why the difference and if you can explain, is it 
because of the JDA arrangement? So I think there's a big difference. So if you could explain 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
Page 6 of 13 
 
that? And also these margins are gross margins or are these EBITDA level margins? Yes. And 
yes, and I think associated with that is, do we assume that the entire $4 million, INR9,000 crores 
pending launch in Gurgaon is also going to be at similar margins of 20%, 25%? 
Rishi Raj: 
Okay. So, Mohit, a few questions. I think, one, what explains the difference in the margin? One 
is outright. Second is joint development. In joint development, as you know, the land payment 
happens through revenue share over a period of time, which makes cost look inflated. And hence, 
for a like-for-like comparison, we also look at IRRs. And on the IRR front, both the projects 
have a very good healthy IRR of -- in both the projects, we are estimating to cross 35% plus IRR 
in both the projects. So that's one. 
 
I think your second question -- on your second question with respect to Gurgaon project, yes, 
you can estimate similar margins for that project as well for INR9,000 crores, which will be 
launched over the next 2 years. 
Mohit Agrawal: 
Okay. Understood. On your presales, I think you've given a guidance of INR21,000 crores over 
the next 3 years, which kind of implies 15% CAGR -- 15% plus -- more than about 15% to 20% 
CAGR. So firstly, if you could confirm that? And secondly, you have only INR500 crores plus 
of unsold inventory. So when do we see the next launch happening? In your opening remarks, 
you have said that CY '25 is when the next launch is planned. But if you could kind of be more 
precise about, let's say, which quarter should we expect the next launch happening? 
Rishi Raj: 
Absolutely. So, yes, we confirm that number in terms of cumulatively INR21,000 crores and the 
CAGR that you just articulated. In terms of launch timeline, of this INR21,000 crores, as we 
shared, almost INR14,000 crores is secured in the 3 projects, which is the Gurgaon 18.23 acres 
and the residential component in Delhi One sold and unsold inventory, and Sector 105 that we 
have recently acquired. So this constitutes INR14,000 crores of INR21,000 crores. As far as 
launch is concerned, our plan is to launch all of -- all the 3 in FY '26 staggered from second 
quarter onwards. 
Nitin Kansal: 
Just to supplement one thing, which Rishi mentioned about the CAGR part, your understanding 
is correct about 15%. If you take it from FY '25 onwards, then we hit a CAGR of 15%. But you 
factor it from FY '24, the number comes to a CAGR of 44%. 
Mohit Agrawal: 
Yes. Understood. Sure. And my last question is on business development, the schedule that you 
shared. I see that about 1.3 million square feet of a business development project has moved 
from last quarter, this quarter from a due diligence stage to a definitive documentation stage. If 
you could elaborate a little bit on what could be the expected GDV and how soon could we see 
this closure happening? Any color on that? That's my last question. 
Rishi Raj: 
So your observation is correct. It has moved to definitive documentation stage. Mohit, if you can 
just allow us a couple of more months. Once we have been able to successfully close this, we 
will come back and discuss with you further details. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Axis Capital. 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Just one question on the Delhi land pooling, now that the election outcome is there. What do you 
expect from -- on that land pooling policy, like how much business development, how much 
new project additions can we do from that? And what should be the timelines? Has the discussion 
already started with the respective representatives? So just your thoughts on that. 
Sahil Vachani: 
Thank you, Pritesh. This is Sahil. Yes, we are very optimistic and bullish on the opportunity that 
Delhi has to offer now moving forward, in particular, the land pooling project that is there. To 
put that in context, we are talking about almost 6.5-odd million square feet of development 
potential that's primarily residential that could potentially open up in Delhi, in the geography of 
Delhi. So at this stage, it's very early days in terms of how this will move forward, but we are 
very confident and very hopeful that this can become a huge value-additive opportunity for Max 
Estates. 
 
I'd just like to clarify that what my colleagues, Rishi and Nitin shared in terms of our GDV that 
we currently have and the plans for the next 2 years does not include any of the opportunities of 
land pooling. So any translation of this would be over and above all of what you have seen in 
our presentation. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. Got it. And just from our perspective, our scope of opportunities there would only be 
restricted to land pooling policy or there are other opportunities that are also emerging in Delhi 
considering I think there were 3, 4 steps which are highlighted in the manifesto by the BJP 
government. So what other opportunities we can look at? Or do you think that land pooling 
policy itself is large enough to keep that focus on that perspective itself? Yes. 
Sahil Vachani: 
I think for us, the land pooling opportunity is primary given that the family office entity has 
about 100-plus acres already that has been almost all contiguous here. So we would like to focus 
on that, given that there is a land bank that it could be a relatively asset-light opportunity for 
Max Estates as they consider it. So we believe that from a value creation perspective for Max 
Estates, this could be the most optimum and value creative and accretive opportunity.  
But definitely, we are open to all other opportunities as well. And it's very early days for the 
change in government in Delhi, as you know. So we will be watching this also very closely over 
the coming months, and we'll explore opportunities as they become available. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure, sure. That's pretty helpful. And we'll always be good to hear any updates on this side from 
you guys. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ritwik Sheth from One Up Financial Consultants. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Am I audible? 
Rishi Raj: 
Yes. If you can speak a little bit loudly? 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Yes. Sir, a few questions from my end. Sir, firstly, collections in Estate 128 seems to be on the 
lower side, assuming we have started collecting for the second phase. So can you just clarify 
because I believe we had collected INR450 crores in the previous financial year? And you 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
Page 8 of 13 
 
mentioned INR550 crores till date we have collected from both the phases. So can you just give 
some update on that? 
Nitin Kansal: 
Sure, Ritwik. In the Estate 128, we have -- from the Phase 1, we had done a collection of INR450 
crores, which was close to 25% at the time of the launch itself. The next installment, as I said, 
becomes due in the month of March, April, and we expect the money to be collected, another 
INR450 crores to come at that point of time. Against Estate 128 Phase 2, we have done sales of 
close to INR870 crores as we speak and against which we have done a collection of close to 
INR100 crores as we speak today. And this number -- the balance number, we're expecting about 
25%. This will be collected in the current financial year itself. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. So everything is on track and as planned? 
Nitin Kansal: 
Yes. , everything is on track. We have got a collection efficiency of close to what, 95%, 96% as 
we speak today. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. Great. And sir, collections for 9 months FY '25... 
Moderator: 
Ritwik, sorry to interrupt you. Can you speak a little louder, please? 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Yes. Collections for 9-month FY '25 is at INR700 crores. Can you just give us the figure for 
operating cash flow also, the pro forma operating cash flow for 9-month FY '25? 
Nitin Kansal: 
So for the 9 months, the operating cash flow stands at close to INR400 crores. And this number 
is expected to go to a number of close to INR700 - 750 crores by the end of the financial year. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. Got it. And sir, what is the pending construction cost at Estate 128 and 360? 
Nitin Kansal: 
So on Estate 128, what we have deployed is a number of close to what -- I think all told, including 
land, we have deployed a number of close to INR650 crores to INR700 crores on the project, 
and we expect to spend another INR450 crores on the project. And Estate 360 has just started 
on the construction. The balance amount which needs to be spent would be in the range of 
INR1,400 crores to INR1,500 crores over the period of next 3 to 4 years. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Got it. Got it. And sir, my last question is on the commercial. Two projects are under 
construction. How much equity we have already put in these 2 projects till date? And anything 
pending? 
Nitin Kansal: 
So we have -- currently on these 2 projects, we have already deployed equity of close to INR450 
crores. And the -- so across 2 projects, we have put a number of close to -- if I can say, close to 
INR700 crores has been deployed on both the projects. And what we expected is the INR100 
crores, INR150 crores is supposed to come from both the partners put together to complete the 
equity commitment. But that commitment would be more year ended because currently, we have 
already achieved financial closure through raising of debt through a consortium of banks led by 
SBI and ICICI Bank. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Right. Okay. Got it. And sir, one last question, if I can squeeze in. Sir, you mentioned that 
approximately 7 million, 8 million square feet -- 7, 8 projects are there in the pipeline and about 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
Page 9 of 13 
 
3 million square feet. So in FY '26, what kind of outlay and what kind of GDV are we looking 
to add from these projects? If you can give a rough idea? We've added exceptionally well in the 
last 18 months with these 3, 4 projects. So can we expect a similar run rate for the next, say, 12 
to 18 months? 
Rishi Raj: 
So, Ritwik, our stated guidance is to continue to add at least 3 million square foot every year. If 
you look at our track record of FY '25, we have surpassed that by more than 2x. So we will 
continue to be on that path as per our stated goal. 
 
In terms of GDV, if you look at, cumulatively, we have stated INR21,000 crores over next 3 
years. And as we said, INR14,000 crores is already in the secured portfolio. So our goal will be 
now to add another INR4,000 crores to INR5,000 crores at least in FY '26, and we will continue 
to build that portfolio. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vikas Mistry from Moonshot Ventures. 
Vikas Mistry: 
You've done exceptionally well and continue to see that you continue to do well. So my question 
is on -- first question is on Gurgaon project. You are saying that our margins will be in the similar 
range, but the micro market is still in good shape and demand is extremely high. So 
incrementally, if we sell the same project 10% even at premium, then we should be supposedly 
making slightly 4%, 5% higher margin on that. 
Rishi Raj: 
Yes. So, Vikas, great question. If you look at launch, we sold 85%, we are at 90% now. Let me 
take the opportunity to also update you how -- what's -- how we are going to monetize that. We 
are going to use this 10% to build out -- to further build out depth in our distribution network in 
Gurgaon.  
And we have already initiated a business development plan for our upcountry and international 
market, touch at least 10 upcountry and 8 to 10 international markets in coming months as we 
move towards launch of our next project in Gurgaon.  
And also the objective is to inch up the price with this 10% remaining inventory. So yes, we 
should see improvement in margin. Exactly how much, we will come back and update you as 
we move in that direction. 
Vikas Mistry: 
Okay. Okay. That's understandable. Rishi, one more thing that once you are saying that 
INR21,000 crores over a period of 3 years, it looks not conservative on the side because we are 
sitting -- we have 3 years and BD team is doing extremely good and demand in NCR is really, 
really good. Don't you think that you are underestimating by a good margin? 
Sahil Vachani: 
This is Sahil here, Vikas. I'll take that. I think we have always focused on trying to meet the 
guidance that we have been giving for the last 2 or 3 years. And I think we would like to be a 
little conservative in our approach to continue to do that. So I think given that, this is what we 
are looking to -- this is the guidance that we have formally given. Even this, if you look at it 
from FY '24 is about a 44% CAGR. So I just thought that we'll share that perspective. And you're 
absolutely right, if the market continues in the trajectory that it has in the last couple of years, 
there's no reason why we should not be able to upsize this as well. 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Vikas Mistry: 
Okay. One last question just from my side, slightly longer-term question. As we look you to be 
a credible partner in NCR, we look you to be becoming as good as DLF as we go over a period 
of time. But only thing piece missing here is that, we don't have land. And you already alluded 
in a couple of conference calls that you have sponsored standard critical land. And once you say 
that once you start pooling that and building it and you're saying that 4 million, 5 million, 6 
million square feet will come from that. We think that you can -- if you start pooling that, then 
development potential can be much, much higher from there? 
Sahil Vachani: 
So firstly, I personally -- I don't think that the fact that Max Estates has not had a land bank has 
been a disadvantage to the company. If you look at where we are today with the INR7,500 crores 
of sale or INR7,000-odd crores of sale that we've done already in residential plus another 
INR14,000 crores that we have got. So we are talking about a INR21,000 crores GDV that we've 
been able to acquire over the last 2 or 3 years, of which INR7,000 crores we've already sold.  
So I don't know if not having a land bank has been a disadvantage. In fact, one could also argue 
that it has benefited us because it's enabled us to be agile, flexible. It enabled us to have a strong 
balance sheet and to be able to go to the locations and choose the micro markets that are 
absolutely prime and premium, and we've been fortunate enough to have been able to do that. 
So that's the first part of the question. We believe that we can continue to follow that approach 
and to do that as well. 
 
The second part is, yes, the benefit of having a land bank without it being a drag on our balance 
sheet is definitely an opportunity for us with the sponsor land bank that is there. And we are very 
hopeful that in the coming years, the land pooling policy does translate into something more 
meaningful and into development potential, which will enable Max Estates to then have best of, 
in a sense, both the opportunities of us acquiring the various land parcels and also partnering for 
the captive land parcel that the sponsor office has. So I hope that answers your question, but 
that's our strategy moving forward. 
Vikas Mistry: 
Yes, that answers the questions. But we are looking -- I think you're looking from on the rearview 
mirror where the cycle has been super strong, and we are the beneficiaries of the super strong 
cycle. But here on now, volumes will be only growing and price may not be inching so much on 
upward direction. So it looks like that the asset strategy that has -- we go into the micro market, 
which is good, and we just kill there.  
But going forward, it will not be the case. So we think that over a period of time, if you have 
good land bank, then it will be a good complementary strategy and focus on commercial, then it 
will give good dividends. And in the end, I want to say thanks to the whole team, and you're 
doing an exceptional work, continue to do so. 
Sahil Vachani: 
Thank you so much. Just to address that for a second, absolutely right. I think we believe that 
having a combination of, not only, like I said, the sponsor land that we're trying to do in addition 
to the new opportunities that we have and the commercial portfolio is a derisked and a strong 
strategy. One could argue that maybe in a slowing market, getting newer opportunities may be 
slightly easier and more attractive and getting opportunities in a heated market may be tougher. 
But yes, I think thank you for your good wishes. 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Krishna Shah from Ashika Stock Broking. 
Krishna Shah: 
Sir, I have a couple of clarifications. Firstly, on the BD guidance, you mentioned that we'll be 
adding 3 million square feet per year or doing a GDV of -- adding GDV close to INR4,000 crores 
to INR5,000 crores. Is that correct? 
Rishi Raj: 
Yes. I think the guidance is minimum 3 million and minimum INR4,000 crores to INR5,000 
crores. 
Krishna Shah: 
Okay. Got it. On annual basis, right? 
Rishi Raj: 
On annual basis, yes. 
Krishna Shah: 
Yes. And secondly, for the launches. So what are the launches that we've planned for FY '26 in 
terms of GDV? 
Rishi Raj: 
So of INR14,000 crores that we have in our portfolio, it spreads across 3 projects, 18.23 acres 
of land in Gurugram, residential component in Delhi One mixed-use and residential component 
in Sector 105 mixed-use land that we have acquired. Our plan is to bring this to launch in 
staggered phases starting second quarter of next financial year. 
Krishna Shah: 
Okay. Got it. And the launches will go on till what time period -- in phased manner? 
Rishi Raj: 
So the Gurugram launch, we will do it in 2 phases. Phase 1 will be launched in financial year 
2026. And Phase 2, subject to market and the response will go into FY '27. The Delhi One and 
Sector 105, both the launches will happen in FY '26. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ronald from ICICI Securities. 
Ronald: 
Congratulations on great set of numbers. Firstly, on the sector Estate 360 project, like it was a 
conscious decision to go with only 0.1 million square feet of launch or because the balance of 
0.2 million square foot, would it be launched in next 2 quarters in phases because how you are 
planning this, the end of project? Because the next 0.2 million square foot, you are taking at a 
much higher realization of about 18%-odd higher than the current run rate. 
Rishi Raj: 
Sorry, just to be clear, if your question is how we are planning to sell balance inventory in Estate 
360? 
Ronald: 
Yes, sir. And you only -- was it a conscious decision for 0.1 million sales in Q3? 
Rishi Raj: 
So just to be clear on the facts first, 90% of total has been sold. The balance 10%, as I stated 
earlier, very consciously, we have kept that inventory to help us build further distribution depth 
and breadth, not only in Gurugram and in NCR, but also now we are expanding aggressively in 
terms of our outreach to build the awareness about the brand and the product in upcountry and 
the international markets in coming months. And this will help us, a, do that; and b, also it will 
help us now improve the pricing beyond what we have already done in the launch phase. 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Ronald: 
Right, sir. Great. And sir, on the -- like as you mentioned, the launch pipeline, so around 
INR4,500 crores for Gurugram in FY '26 and balance around INR2,500 crores. So you would 
be looking at around INR7,000 crores of new launches in FY '26, right? 
Nitin Kansal: 
So in FY '26, what we are planning to launch is, as Rishi mentioned, Estate 360, one, around 18 
acres of land, which has a sales potential of close to INR9,000 crores in Sector 105... 
Ronald: 
So that is around INR4,500 crores, balance go so around INR2,500 crores balance. 
Rishi Raj: 
So this entire inventory would be launched over the period of 2 years. 
Ronald: 
Okay. So the point I was coming to is that you would be eyeing 10% to 15-odd percent growth 
in presales for '26, '27? 
Rishi Raj: 
We would be a eyeing a growth of close to 15% to 20% year-on-year on the presales number. 
Ronald: 
Okay. Great. And the last one would be, sir, we have seen a significant price appreciation over 
the last year. Your project itself has given 40% higher realizations. And quarter-on-quarter also, 
there was a 15% jump in Estate 360. So, still you are assuming some kind of price hikes going 
ahead. So are the land prices also following the same trend? How are you seeing that as the 
demand been stable enough to catch or to absorb this kind of price hike? So overall, NCR as a 
scenario in terms of luxury and super luxury segment? 
Rishi Raj: 
Yes. So, Ronald, if you look at what's happening in NCR, and you have to segment the market 
a bit. If you look at corporate listed institutional developer with right location, product and 
experience, they're able to command a top of the price bracket and continue to expect 
appreciation and premium on that. At the same time, you will also have players who are not able 
to deliver on that. So you cannot look at the market from a one-size-fits-all approach. So you 
will need to segment and see what's happening with what cohort of players. 
 
As far as land is concerned, 2 things I would say. One, if you look at the data for last 2 years, 
there has been enough supply of land. In fact, in calendar year 2024 itself, out of 1,700 acres of 
land that got transacted pan-India, almost 700 acres is in Delhi NCR, implying more than 100 
million square foot of development potential. And from that perspective, in terms of what we 
want to acquire of 3 million square foot every year is a very reasonable target of less than 5%, 
close to 3% kind of a target. So from that perspective, as Sahil also alluded earlier, we don't see 
a challenge in continuing to grow our portfolio. 
 
As far as pricing is concerned, you are right. If you look at over the last couple of years, the 
pricing has definitely increased in terms of FSI cost across Delhi NCR. And that also is one of 
the drivers along with cost of construction when it comes to price that you are seeing on the 
residential side. But coming to the moot question, which is our confidence in acquiring the right 
land at the right price in Delhi NCR, we are very, very confident because of what I just 
mentioned. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I will now hand the conference to the management for closing 
comments. 

 
Max Estates Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Sahil Vachani: 
Thank you very much for participating today and look forward to speaking again next quarter. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Max Estates Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
