                                                                               
 
                                                                                                                                      
 
                                                                                                                                     Proven Ability In Life Sciences  
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
Registered Office: 301, 3rd Floor, Dosti Pinnacle, Plot No. E7, Road No. 22, Wagle Industrial Estate, Thane (W), Mumbai - 400604, Maharashtra, India 
Tel No.: +91-22-4111-4777 I CIN: L99999MH1985PLC036685 
Website: http://www.sequent.in I Email Id: investorrelations@sequent.in 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
                             February 17, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
  Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
Scrip code: 512529 
Symbol: SEQUENT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subject: Transcript - Q3FY25 Earnings Call pertaining to Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and 
Consolidated) for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
We refer to our intimation dated February 13, 2025 regarding audio recording of Earnings call 
pertaining to the Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) for the quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2024. In this regard, pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of 
Schedule III and Regulation 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the Transcript pertaining to 
the said earnings call for your reference. 
 
The same is also available on the Company’s website at 
https://sequent.in/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/SequentScien-Earnings-Feb13-2025.pdf 
 
 
 
                             Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
                    Yours faithfully, 
For Sequent Scientific Limited 
 
 
 
 
Yoshita Vora 
Company Secretary  
 
 
 
  
Vora 
Yoshita 
Susmit
Digitally signed by 
Vora Yoshita 
Susmit 
Date: 2025.02.17 
18:07:12 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“SeQuent Scientific Limited 
Q3 FY ‘25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 13, 2025 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJARAM NARAYANAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SEQUENT 
SCIENTIFIC LIMITED 
DR. HARI BABU - WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – VIYASH LIFE SCIENCES 
MR. SAURAV BHALA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SEQUENT SCIENTIFIC LIMITED 
MR. RAMAKANT – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
VIYASH LIFE SCIENCES 
MR. ABHISHEK SINGHAL – HEAD OF INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – SEQUENT SCIENTIFIC LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
February 13, 2025 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the SeQuent Scientific Limited Q3 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Singhal. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
Thank you, Rutuja. A very good morning to all of you, and thank you for joining us today for 
SeQuent Scientific's Earnings Conference Call for the third quarter and 9 months year ended 
financial year 2025. Today, we have with us Mr. Rajaram, MD and CEO, SeQuent Scientific; 
Dr. Hari Babu, Whole-Time Director and CEO, Viyash Life Sciences; Mr. Saurav Bhala, CFO, 
SeQuent Scientific; and Mr. Ramakant, CFO, Viyash Life Sciences, to share the highlights of 
the business and financials for the quarter. 
 
I hope you've gone through our results release and the quarterly investor presentation, which 
have been uploaded on our website as well as the stock exchange website. The transcript for this 
call will be available in a week's time on the company's website. 
 
Please note that today's discussion will be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in 
relation to the risks pertaining to our business. After the end of this call, in case you have any 
further questions, please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team. 
 
I now hand over the call to Rajaram to make his opening remarks. 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Good morning, everyone, and a very warm welcome on the call for quarter 3 financial year '24-
'25 results. We are now in the final quarter of this financial year, and I'm delighted to report that 
the company has continued to accelerate its performance on top line and on margins. 
 
I will share the performance of the quarter in more detail as well as the progress on the merger 
with Viyash Life Sciences, which was announced in September 2024. I'm joined on the call by 
Dr. Hari Babu, Whole-Time Director and CEO of Viyash Life Sciences; and also joining on this 
call is Saurav, Chief Financial Officer of SeQuent; and Mr. Ramakant, CFO of Viyash. 
 
Coming to the performance of this quarter, in quarter 3 FY '25, our consolidated revenues came 
in at INR3,908 million, which is the highest sales in any quarter in the last 3 years. This translates 
to a growth of 18.7% compared to the same quarter last year, that is quarter 3 FY '24. 
 
At the end of the first 9 months of the year, revenue growth stands at 14% versus the first 9 
months of last year. This growth is on the back of strong efforts on margin improvement through 
a combination of pricing, product mix and cost management. EBITDA pre-ESOP, for this 
quarter came in at INR494 million, represents approximately 64% growth over quarter 3 last 
year. When we consider the first 9 months of the year, EBITDA, pre-ESOP, at INR1,424 million, 
represents a 116% growth over the first 9 months of last year. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
February 13, 2025 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
Our cumulative PBT at the end of 9 months has also grown to INR280 million, which is nearly 
150% growth over the same period last year. Clearly, the momentum is evident in the results, 
and we are, therefore, confident of systematically improving on all parameters going ahead. I 
will share some qualitative highlights and more details are available in the investor presentation. 
There are obviously some developments globally, which are geopolitical in nature. While we 
are alert to the event, our focus is on our operations and our customers. 
 
Starting with our formulations business. Our operations in emerging markets led by Turkey 
continues to grow in healthy double digits, both in local currency as well as in reported sales. 
Additionally, we are growing exports out of Turkey and our recent EU certification at the factory 
in Ankara will start giving us more opportunities. The formulations business in Europe is 
growing in volume as we introduce new products for Europe and other markets. 
 
In Latin America, we have extended our operations beyond Brazil and into Mexico and Peru. In 
addition, we continue to build a global platform for gut health products based on natural actives, 
which are increasingly getting preference as users and regulators get stricter on the irrational use 
of antibiotics. 
 
I had said last quarter that we are doubling down on India as a key market to accelerate growth 
in formulations. Our initiative project Udaan to reach more veterinarians with an expanded field 
force is now yielding results, again, with double-digit growth everywhere. We will increase our 
reach again next quarter and that should prepare the foundation for higher growth in the next 
year when the impact is annualized. 
 
Coming to APIs. We see a positive swing in some therapeutic areas, especially in the deworming 
category. Our API revenues for the quarter have grown sequentially as well as versus the same 
period last year. Our factory in Mahad has received additional WHO pre-qualification approvals, 
and this should position us well for supplies to new formulators. 
 
During the quarter, we also completed 1 new CEP filing. Our margins continue to hold or 
improve and we continue to drive the next phase of margin expansion with our new CIP 
initiatives. As discussed during the merger announcement, we will be very well positioned in 
R&D as a result of the merger with Viyash. You will hear more about this as and when we are 
in a position to share more information. 
 
As we head towards the completion of this financial year, I am very glad that the tough decisions 
we took last year on creating a more profitable product mix, closing a high-cost operation in 
Europe, and driving cost improvement programs systematically have now helped us reach a 
place from where we can accelerate growth. 
 
Our balance sheet is becoming stronger. And with the merger, it would be substantially 
strengthened to support an aggressive play in areas like health care for companion animals. 
 
I will now hand over to Saurav to share the financial results of SeQuent Scientific Limited and 
then invite Dr. Hari to share the highlights of Viyash and the consolidated entity. Over to you, 
Saurav. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
February 13, 2025 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Saurav Bhala: 
Thank you, Raja. Good morning, everyone. It's a pleasure to be here today to provide the key 
highlights into our strong financial performance for both quarter 3 of financial year '25 and 9 
months of financial year '25 as well. I will also share the update on the progress of our strategic 
merger with Viyash Group and SeQuent Research, one of our wholly owned subsidiary. 
 
Starting with Q3 financial highlights for SeQuent, we achieved a total revenue of INR3,908 
million for Q3 '25, delivering a strong year-on-year growth of 18.7% and a quarter-on-quarter 
growth of 6%. Our formulations business recorded INR3,008 million in revenue, registering a 
growth -- year-on-year quarter 3 growth of 19.2%, and a quarter-on-quarter growth of 8.9% on 
a constant currency basis. 
 
The API business posted INR812 million in revenue, demonstrating a year-on-year growth of 
16.1% and a quarter-on-quarter growth of 4.5%. The gross margins improved by 300 basis points 
on a year-on-year basis, rising from 45.2% to 48.2%. There was also a 120 basis improvement 
on a quarter-on-quarter basis from 47% to 48.2%. 
 
Our EBITDA, pre-ESOP, for the quarter amounted to INR494 million, reflecting a strong year-
on-year growth of 63.8% and a quarter-on-quarter increase of 10.5%. The EBITDA margins, 
pre-ESOP, stood at 12.6%, delivering a healthy improvement of 340 basis points on a year-on 
basis. Our PBT registered a very strong growth in Q3 of 444% from INR15 million last financial 
year Q3 to INR81 million in the current quarter. 
 
Coming to the highlights of -- for the 9 months ended financial year '25, for the first 9 months 
of financial year '25, we achieved a total revenue of INR11,497 million, reflecting a year-on-
year growth of 14%. The formulations business recorded INR8,849 million in revenue, 
contributing a year-on-year growth of 21.9%. And the API business posted INR2,509 million in 
revenue, reflecting a year-on-year growth of 7.8%, both on a constant currency basis. 
 
The gross margin improved by 280 basis points from 44% to 46.8%, driven by focused strategic 
actions on our -- such as sales mix optimization initiatives and very selective price increase 
across regions to maintain our margins. 
 
EBITDA delivery stood at INR1,424 million, which is a significant growth of 116.5% year-on-
year basis. Our EBITDA margins, pre-ESOP, increased by 590 basis points on a year-on-year 
basis, increasing from 6.5% in 9 months financial year '24 to 12.4% in 9 months ended financial 
year '25, setting our strong focus on driving profitable growth across segment. 
 
On a YTD basis, our PBT also grew very strongly by 149%. Coming to other key items. In Q3 
financial year '25, we recognized a net monetary gain of INR5 million on account of the 
hyperinflation accounting adjustment as required under Ind AS 29 for our Turkey operations, 
which is -- which remains to be in a hyperinflation economy. 
 
During Q3 '25, a forex loss of INR52 million was reported, primarily driven by the sudden 
depreciation in currencies of Brazil, BRL, and euro depreciation against the USD. Large portions 
of this forex loss is unrealized in nature and is required to be accounted following the relevant 
accounting standards. Further, the impacted currencies, as mentioned earlier, we have already 
started seeing a partial reversal in the subsequent month. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
February 13, 2025 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 
Regarding the tax and PAT, I need to highlight in Q3 last financial year '24, a onetime significant 
tax benefit was recognized in our Turkey operations due to change in hyper accounting 
methodology as mandated by Turkey's regulatory requirement. This has resulted in a onetime 
exceptional tax benefit for -- which was accounted in financial year '24, but would pertain to 
prior years from financial year -- including financial year '21, financial year '22 and financial 
year '23. 
 
If we exclude this onetime Turkey exceptional tax benefit in last financial year, then even the 
PAT has shown a very strong growth of almost about 65% on a like-to-like basis for Q3 financial 
year '25. 
 
Coming to update on the merger process progress. The merger scheme, which was approved by 
our Board of Directors, involves the merger of Viyash Life Science Private Limited and its 
subsidiaries as well as SeQuent Research, one of our wholly owned subsidiaries with SeQuent 
Scientific Limited. I am pleased to report that we have made good progress so far on the merger 
process as follows. The Board approval, as communicated last time, was received on 26th 
September, after which the process started. 
 
The Competition Commission of India has already approved our application and the approval 
was received on 21st of Jan 2025. The scheme is under review by the exchanges and SEBI and 
that is going very fine. We expect the SEBI approval with changes to come soon. And hence, 
we remain on the guided time line for completion of the merger process. 
 
In summary, our strong financial performance in Q3 and 9 months for the financial year '25 
underscores the success of our strategic initiatives, focus on driving operational efficiencies and 
our unwavering focus on profitability. The progress we have made in our M&A activities further 
strengthens our foundation for long-term growth and expansion. We remain committed to 
delivering value for all our stakeholders and are confident in our trajectory towards the sustained 
growth. 
 
With that, I now hand over the call to Dr. Hari to provide the details on the performance 
highlights of the Viyash Group. Thank you. 
Hari Babu: 
So thank you, Saurav and Raj, for the update. I'm very happy to share we have strong consistent 
performance and also update on the merger scheme. Viyash recorded strong performance in this 
quarter with acceleration in revenue growth and margin expansion year-over-year. Our core 
strength remain R&D, manufacturing, IP and also business development activities. 
 
These have been supplemented by efforts made over the last 24 months in development of high-
margin complex products and also promoting those products, rationalization of low-margin 
business, which includes intermediate and continuous cost reduction program on the various 
products. 
 
For this quarter, Q3 FY '25, our revenue grew by 19% year-on-year to INR384 crores and 
adjusted EBITDA grew by 68% to INR68.5 crores to the corresponding quarter last year. Viyash 
had EBITDA margins of 17.8%, which is almost more than 5.2% of corresponding quarter last 
year. Our 9 months FY '25, our revenue grew by 10% and EBITDA grew by again 42%. And 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
February 13, 2025 
Page 6 of 17 
 
our 9 months EBITDA margins of around 17.4%, again, which is almost more than 3.9% over 
last 9 months. 
 
So 9 months adjusted EBITDA is INR189 crores. In line with previous quarters, we have 
generated INR38 crores of free cash flow in this quarter, and INR177 crores of free cash flow in 
the last 9 months. Borrowings reduced by INR28 crores in this quarter and INR122 crores in the 
last 9 months. And of course, our net debt-EBITDA ratio is continuously coming down, which 
is at 0.4x now. 
 
We want to reiterate that a lot of costs below EBITDA, particularly exceptional items, which are 
mostly related to merger activities. And one of the amortization of acquisition of intangibles 
when we acquired a few companies, actually, we had amortization intangibles, are largely 
noncash and nonrecurring. So Viyash adjusted PAT, we presented in the investor presentation 
is an indicator of our steady-state stand-alone property -- properties, sorry. And also, it's reflected 
in our cash flows and continuous debt reduction. 
 
Business growth is supported by investments in multiple strategic areas and a strong operating 
base, which we'll cover now. Our business has strong momentum across portfolio selection, 
validations, filings, launches and adding more geographies and more customers. 
 
New product launches and filings. We launched 2 new products in this quarter in the U.S.A. and 
have filed 3 products in this quarter for U.S. and Europe. And as you know, our portfolio is very 
strong. We have 25 products in pipeline across different stages, and we completed 4 validations 
in last quarter. And also, we received 5 regulatory approvals in this quarter from various 
agencies. And these are in addition to what we do, CDMO and also CMO for big pharma as well 
as big generic companies. 
 
We had touched upon our complex portfolio, market leaders, focus on innovative relationships. 
And our management team is continuously focused on cost improvement, of course, 
continuously adding new products and geographies in this quarter. 
 
And now let me take you through merger update. For FY '25 Q3, combined revenues of 2 entities 
grew by 19% and EBITDA grew by 66%. And the combined EBITDA stands at INR118 crores 
this quarter, with 15.2% margins. For 9 months, combined revenue grew by 12% and EBITDA 
grew by 67%. 
 
And combined EBITDA for 9 months is INR332 crores with 14.8% margins, of course, with 
improvement of 4.3% from last year. The combined net debt-EBITDA ratio is now 1.2%. It's 
continuously coming down, whereas in last quarter, it was 1.4. It's coming down to 1.2. And 
quarter-on-quarter, you can see that it's continuously coming down. 
 
So now we have started to plan integration of 2 companies and realizing synergies, and we have 
received CCI approval as Saurav mentioned, and started prioritizing our 3 key synergies with 
multiple life areas. Of course, we also mentioned in a couple of areas in the investor presentation, 
and a few of them are like R&D. We strongly believe we have strong R&D strength and IP 
focus. Definitely, it's going to accelerate development for animal health products and which can 
realize very quick, I can say. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
February 13, 2025 
Page 7 of 17 
 
 
And of course, optimization is a key for entire group since we have large network, multiple sites, 
15 sites all over the world. And our network optimization and also combined procurement can 
create a big synergies -- and in 12 to 15 months, we can say. 
 
And coming to the business, we should be able to leverage our key relationship from both 
companies. Of course, we already started seeing from last quarter, a few companies started 
actually giving us more business from both sides. It has a couple of Viyash contacts actually 
adding business to SeQuent. At the same time, as we mentioned earlier, a couple of big pharmas 
also started approaching Viyash and a few products. 
 
Others, of course, all other areas supporting functions, we started integrating. Maybe next 6 to 
8 months, we are going to complete this integration activity. And most probably, all the synergies 
we are going to present sometime in Q1 FY '26 to our Board, and we'll share to the investors. 
 
So the merger scheme, as Saurav mentioned, we already received CCI approval, and we're 
waiting for SEBI approval some -- and we are expecting sometime this month or next month. 
Once we receive SEBI approval, we'll go to NCLT and it may take another 6 to 8 months. And 
I think overall activity is going to be complete by September or October, as mentioned earlier. 
 
So with this, I will open for questions or clarifications. Thank you, everyone. 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Rituja, we can take the Q&A, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Jagdish Sharma, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead.  
Jagdish Sharma: 
Congrats for an excellent quarter, especially on sales and EBITDA. I have a few questions. The 
first one is like what is our driving growth in the emerging markets and Europe? My second 
question is like are margins improving in all our business segments? My third question is, will 
we cross INR1,500 crores of sales in FY '25? And my last question is like what is -- why is our 
PAT is not moving at par with our EBITDA this quarter? And what is our plan for it? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
So these are the 4 questions? 
Jagdish Sharma: 
Yes, sir. 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Okay. So let me answer some of them. So firstly, first, what is driving growth for us, both in 
emerging markets and Europe? It's the work which has been done in, as I said earlier, on the 
product mix as well as new launches and pricing. Specifically, if you look at it, our biggest 
market and emerging markets is Turkey. 
 
And in Turkey, we have stabilized the business, and we are seeing growth coming both on 
volume as well as on pricing. In addition, exports, which is a priority in Turkey because it is a 
good base, and we have a strong manufacturing unit there. Our exports have started growing out 
of Turkey to the neighboring North Africa, Middle East region. 
 
As far as Europe is concerned, the volume growth has started in Europe. We are also launching 
-- in fact, we have launched new products in the area of companion animals and that is getting 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
February 13, 2025 
Page 8 of 17 
 
us growth. And in both these markets, growth typically keeps happening because in the first 
phase, you launched within the country. 
 
And then in subsequent quarters, you start expanding it to the other markets. So you would 
launch in Spain, which is where we have the base, and then we start expanding it to other 
countries in Europe and sometimes even outside of Europe. So that's how -- once you launch a 
product, you are able to, over the next 2 to 3 quarters, get your growth by expanding it. So that's 
really the reason why we're getting the growth over there. 
 
The second piece in terms of margins, I think we have shared before, margins are a combination 
of product mix. They're a combination of some work which has been done in the area of cost 
improvement program, and, of course, pricing, particularly. In an inflationary economy, we've 
managed to get prices without actually having any volume impact of significance. 
 
The third question, will we reach INR1,500 crores in India on SeQuent? I obviously can't give 
you any guidance on that. But mathematically, if you look at it, I think you can calculate what 
the fourth quarter could be, assuming that it is pretty much close to the current one. So we should 
be getting past that, at least in terms of the direction we are in right now. 
 
I think the last one you have is on why is our PAT, and I think Saurav explained that. It was -- 
one is that in the same quarter last year, we had had an exceptional gain in terms of a tax benefit 
in Turkey on account of local accounting requirements. And therefore, if you really look at it, it 
is more an impact of that base, which is why it is looking like the PAT has declined. But 
otherwise, on a stand-alone basis, I mean, if you exclude for that, PAT is, in fact, also improving.  
 
Nevertheless, I think going ahead, our focus is as we look at both finance costs as well as our 
capital investment, which we will be through the synergy of the merger improving, we should 
be able to consistently improve on our PAT. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shivani from Monarch Networth. 
Shivani: 
Congratulations on the good set of numbers. Sir, a couple of questions. One, I wanted to 
understand that what is the seasonality pattern. We have -- while we are seeing growth in 
emerging markets quarter-on-quarter, in Europe and Indian market, the growth was slightly 
muted. So one, I wanted to understand that. 
 
And secondly, if you can also give me a split between -- split of growth from product launches, 
volume and price. Third, I wanted to understand the Zoetis product status in Indian market. And 
lastly, what is the weight of companion annual health products in our portfolio? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Okay. So first question on seasonality. I think seasonality is there in every individual country. If 
there's no seasonality as such across the sector, so therefore, you will find different impacts 
coming on that. For example, in India, typically, the seasonality is there because quarter 3, you 
tend to have a reduction in terms of some of the prevalence of diseases as well as the requirement 
for these medicines. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
February 13, 2025 
Page 9 of 17 
 
 
So you will find typically sequentially quarter 3 tends to be lower. But I think year-on-year, you 
will continue to see the growth because of the activities that we are doing. And the same thing 
applies in other countries as well. It is a combination of when the -- what's the kind of mix you 
have, whether you have companion animals, whether you have production animals. 
 
So there is always seasonality in this in different countries. But I think what we should be 
focusing on really, we should be looking at is on a year-on-year growth, which is coming in the 
respective markets. And we are happy to say that, that is something which is consistently coming 
over there. 
 
The second question on volume, new products and price. Pricing typically has been different. I 
think in most countries, we would be expecting a pricing growth of between 3% to 5% on a full 
year basis. And in markets like Turkey, of course, it would be substantially higher going well 
because of the high inflation because the inflation there is well into 40% plus. And therefore, we 
obviously take prices much more. 
 
So typically, in our basket, if you look at it -- if you say that we grow between 10% to 12%, you 
should have about 1/3 in each of this. So you tend to have about 4% to 5% coming from pricing, 
about 4% to 5% coming from volume. And then at this point of time, about 2% to 3% coming 
from new products. 
 
That's the typical combination which is there in this business. But our effort is really to accelerate 
the contribution of new products. Last quarter, we began to see a higher combination coming 
from -- contribution coming from new products because of some of the launches which we have 
done have now begun to roll out to other markets. 
 
On the Zoetis distribution status, yes, we've been -- there has been a product which was 
discontinued by Zoetis some time ago due to manufacturing issues. And therefore, that is still 
impacting us in terms of part of the base. But we understand from our partners that they have 
made alternative arrangements to resume manufacturing of that product. 
 
And therefore, we expect it to come back somewhere in the next 2 to 3 quarters because it is 
rearrangement of some of their manufacturing facilities and, therefore, they have put a stop to 
that for some time. But that should continue and come back to us in 2 to 3 quarters. But 
obviously, we are -- our growth is without that. So we are now beginning to grow even the 
business, which is without the Zoetis distribution at a much, much faster rate than what we had 
earlier. 
 
On the contribution of companion animals, varies country to country, depending on whether it's 
distribution or not. India, we don't have companion animals. In Europe -- in some parts of 
Europe, it is as high as 30% to 40%. So when I would say on an aggregate basis, it is probably 
between 5% to 8% companion animals' contribution right now on the front. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harshit Dhoot from Dymon Asia Capital. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
February 13, 2025 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Harshit Dhoot: 
Just a few questions, sir. So the emerging market did phenomenal business during the quarter. 
So can we assume that this run rate is sustainable going forward as you have launched your 
products in the multiple new countries? This is the first question. 
 
And the second question is, as we have started manufacturing from the Turkey and we have 
started exporting from that market, so what kind of the cost benefit that we are getting? And 
what -- how should we foresee the gross margin going forward? 
 
And the third thing, we are hearing the bulk cases have started to rise again. Do we have exposure 
there, specifically in the U.S. markets because we report the Europe, emerging markets and all? 
So are we having exposure there? And the last thing that you highlighted earlier, the margin 
expansion will continue with the new CIPH initiatives. So can you please throw some light on 
that? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
So I couldn't hear you very clearly, but I think the first question of yours is that if the emerging 
market growth, is it sustainable? And what would it continue, right? 
Harshit Dhoot: 
Yes. Yes, sir, because its quarterly run rate was very strong, right? From INR115 crores, INR120 
crores, we have jumped to around INR137 crores. So this quarterly run rate is sustainable? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
So I think we are -- more than the run rate, I think the fact that we should be growing in double 
digits in emerging markets is what we should anticipate going ahead on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis. There will obviously be some variations depending on which of the emerging markets is 
seasonal, non-seasonal at that time. But -- and again, our emerging markets are founded on a 
very strong basis. 
 
Turkey is a very strong manufacturing and local export base for us, so is Brazil. So these are 
both part of the emerging markets that we have. So it's not just a trading operation for us. 
Therefore, we expect that you should -- we should grow at double digits in emerging markets 
year-on-year. On a sequential basis, I guess, we'll hopefully show continuing growth all the time. 
 
On the second part, on Turkey manufacturing, it's -- of course, there is cost competitiveness 
having in Turkey. But Turkey, we already have an existing plant. Our growth is coming for 2 
reasons. One, we have used Turkey as a base to start exporting to regional North Africa and 
Middle East markets, which are fast-growing animal health markets, particularly for the 
portfolio, which is presently available in Turkey. And we have an injectable manufacturing 
plant, which is not many companies have an injectable manufacturing plant in that region. And 
therefore, that's an area which is for us growing. 
 
Second is that we closed our operation in Germany last year. But some of the products from 
Germany are being transferred to Turkey. So we do not want to lose the market opportunity for 
those products. So one time, we do have a drop in sales, which used to be earlier from Germany. 
But now we expect those sales to be revived out of Turkey. And therefore, some of that will 
come back and that's how we see growth coming from Turkey. 
 
Gross margins, I think in Turkey, as you begin to get volume, you should get some advantage 
because at this point of time, the currency is not sort of declining as sharply as it used to, say, 2 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
February 13, 2025 
Page 11 of 17 
 
years ago. And the government policies generally have also been very prudent, and we are 
seeing, therefore, a stability in that market. 
 
I didn't understand the question on U.S. markets, whether the current situation is impacting us? 
Harshit Dhoot: 
No, no. So sir, do you have exposure in the U.S. market, because we are hearing that bird flu 
cases have started to increase there? So are we catering to the bird flu segment as well? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
What segment? So we don't do any formulations to the U.S. at all, okay? From SeQuent, there 
is, of course, a strong business, which Viyash has, and I'll ask Dr. Hari to talk about it on the 
exposure to the U.S. But we do not -- on the API side, of course, we have a U.S. FDA plant in 
Vizag, and we have 9 of them in Viyash. So there is APIs which are going to the U.S. But at this 
point of time, I'm not seeing any big risk on that. Dr. Hari, on the U.S. part? 
Hari Babu: 
I think instead of seeing risk, we can see the opportunity for us. So human health, we have U.S. 
presence, of course. Good part is we have a manufacturing site in the U.S. If at all there is a 
positive, that will be upside for U.S., if any actions comes from Trump. 
 
Other area where we can see a lot of potential for animal health. So U.S. generic is catching up 
a lot for animal health that we see last 6, 8 months. Lot of clients are asking actually to launch 
those. I think we can see the U.S. potential for API, selling API -- animal health API business to 
the U.S. And also maybe in future, we are going to explore formulation for animal health also. 
And we don't see any risk at this point. We have a small exposure of U.S. formulation. But 
definitely, that will have some additional advantage for that. 
Harshit Dhoot: 
Okay, sir. So do we also cater the bird flu segment as well? 
Hari Babu: 
No. Bird flu not right now. 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
No. 
Harshit Dhoot: 
Okay. And on, sir, opex part. This quarter, it was a bit higher side. So you described it in the 
PPT that because of this inflationary environment in Turkey and spending for the domestic 
market, so from what -- how should we see the opex part going forward? It will kick into the 
revenues going forward and then it will normalize on the margin part? How should we see that? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
I think clearly, going forward, we expect that as the merger proceeds and as the scale improves, 
opex as a percentage should start moving down, at least for what is not business development-
related opex, right, from the normal sort of G&A and things like that. But I think here, there has 
been a onetime thing. It's not exactly one time because there has been a union wage settlement, 
which has happened in Turkey because of which the base has got revised. And then it remains 
steady for union arrangements for a long period of time. So that's why there's a bit of change in 
the opex. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Mr. Rajaram and Hari Babu, congratulations on good performance. Sir, first of all, I have one 
question on -- some of the questions on SeQuent. Now export out of Turkey has already started, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
February 13, 2025 
Page 12 of 17 
 
so how do we see going ahead that can play as a natural hedge so that, I mean, the currency 
fluctuation really do not affect us? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
So is there any other question, Bharat bhai? 
Bharat Sheth: 
Yes, yes. And second is now when we have started also in -- expanded our footprint to Mexico 
and Peru in South America. And third, you have stated in your opening remarks that now we'll 
see the accelerated growth. So if you can give some color on the SeQuent part, that will be of 
great help. And then I have some strategic questions. I'll come back. 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Okay. So the first question on Turkey, this thing, yes, we import APIs and some packing 
materials, etcetera, into Turkey, either directly or indirectly. And our exports today have -- from 
this -- last quarter onwards, actually started exceeding the imports that we have. And therefore, 
we now have a pretty natural hedge as far as currency is concerned, and we expect the exports 
to keep growing well ahead of our imports. 
 
So while, of course, that does not mean that we will not have currency fluctuations during an in-
quarter thing. But on an annualized basis, we are protected from that. And that has been an effort 
now for some time. And so that, of course, will keep growing in our view on exports on Turkey, 
yes. So that's -- unless something very adverse happens, the business is now naturally with 
exports more than imports. 
 
The second question, Bharat bhai, you had is on what we are expanding and what is going to be 
the growth. Yes, I think we are now in a position -- we have been guiding for a while that we 
expect to do double-digit growth on the business, both on top line and on margins, EBITDA, we 
were looking to move closer to 15%. I think we are now in a position where our top line should 
grow double digit more and more comfortably as we began to expand into some other countries.  
 
I can't -- Mexico, Peru, etcetera, were not part of our agenda earlier. But now we have started 
using Brazil as -- because it's stabilized over there as a base for the rest of Latin America. And 
these are strong markets for animal health. So these will come. We'll probably share a bit more 
when we have stronger sort of base. Right now, it's early quick improvements that we are getting 
in these markets. 
 
I will leave you to ask the other questions to Dr. Hari, the strategic ones you had. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Yes. Sir, I mean now over the past 9 months, our growth was a little -- I mean, kind of a high 
double -- high single digit or low double digit. From this quarter onward, we have -- our growth 
is high teens. So how do we see -- I mean, from here onward, we are -- I mean, growth as well 
as EBITDA margin, whatever we have expanded, where do we see? 
Hari Babu: 
So let me start with Viyash. So you must have seen actually year-on-year, it's close to 20% 
growth on top line. And EBITDA margins are very high. As I explained in my previous quarter 
meetings also, if you can see our opex percentage versus the top line, opex remains stable. Why? 
Because our utilization is keep on growing quarter-on-quarter. Since opex remains same, our 
EBITDA margins are continuously growing. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
February 13, 2025 
Page 13 of 17 
 
 
So this is going to continue definitely in the next couple of years. Why? Because still our 
capacity utilization is around 60%. And we have at least, if not 100%, 20%, 25% free capacity 
to add product. And also, as you know, API business, every year, 10%, 15%, we can improve 
capacity without adding any capex while doing cost optimization. So this will continue. 
Definitely, we'll grow double digit. Absolutely, no issue on that. 
 
And also our recent investments last 12, 24 months, you must have seen a lot of products have 
been developed and filed. And recently, we also added onco portfolio. A lot of products are 
coming in the onco portfolio. And in addition to that, we also started developing a few things 
for CDMO, especially for big pharma and also the big generic. That's continuously adding. 
 
Last 2 quarters, it's added reasonable in addition to whatever our internal products we filed. Last 
9 months, we must have added at least 6, 8 products under the CDMO or CMO activity. So that 
activity is growing. So Viyash is going to grow continuously, definitely double digit. And 
EBITDA will be stabilized at some point of time, may not be 60%, 70% level, but it will be 
always better than the top line growth next couple of years. 
 
And when it comes to combined, and definitely, I can say combined company growth. As we 
mentioned, the synergies -- a couple of synergies, we are very actively working on that. So while 
improving the capacity utilization, same as Viyash, combined entity also margins are going to 
grow because we don't need to add any additional people or much capex. Of course, there will 
be some optimization capex continuously. But it's going to benefit combined entity near term, 
midterm as well. 
 
And the synergies, whatever initiated, definitely, it's going to contribute in midterm. A couple 
of things may not contribute in short term, whatever the sales expansion or whatever synergies, 
optimizing a few things. So it's going to show maybe in 12 or 18 months. So we are pretty 
confident this will continue to grow. Next 3 years, actually, definitely, we'll be a very strong 
growing company combined entity. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Hari Babu? 
Hari Babu: 
Yes, sir. Yes. 
Bharat Sheth: 
In current year, I mean FY '25, we will be -- combined entity will close somewhere around 
INR3,000 crores. And for '27, we were looking for kind of INR4,000 crores. So with this kind 
of now background and you're having -- coming both the company more closer, so do we see 
that there is an upside room to grow above INR4,000 crores at the end of '27 because the kind 
of portfolio, geographic expansion and newer -- higher growing category is helping us? 
Hari Babu: 
Normally, okay, as a principle, we don't give guidance, but we can expect very strong growth in 
FY '26-'27. Definitely, '27 is going to be much, much stronger because whatever initiatives, it 
takes 24 months. Already, we started those initiatives. But FY '26 also, we'll be growing very 
strong, both top line and bottom line. I can't disclose the number, what is that, but we'll reach 
our expectations. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
February 13, 2025 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. May I request Mr. Bharat Sheth to return in the queue. We have participants 
waiting for their turn. The next question is from the line of Thomas from AlphaCredit. 
Thomas: 
Would it be possible to provide some more color... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. May we request you, Mr. Thomas, to speak a bit louder? We are unable to 
hear you. 
Thomas: 
So currently, the SeQuent margins are closer to 12.5%. If you could provide some color on what 
will help to ensure that it moves closer to the 15% band over the next 12, 15 months? That was 
one. And two, on Viyash, as we hope to have higher growth, the new opportunities, which we 
are looking on the CDMO space is more in the area of human health or we are exploring more 
in the area of animal health? If any color could be provided? 
Hari Babu: 
Okay. I will answer both. SeQuent margins improvement, 12.5% right, to high teens, whatever 
we are talking. So it's actually -- gradually, it's going to increase in the next 12 to 18 months. A 
lot of initiatives have been made in SeQuent, okay? Viyash is going to help a lot in R&D as well 
as manufacturing. And SeQuent continuously doing cost optimization. There are 2 parts. One is 
optimizing, manufacturing network and R&D, it's going to create a value, which will definitely 
improve margins. 
 
And also utilizing manufacturing network. So we see a couple of opportunities to grow API 
business, especially in a lot because the most important area we are focusing next 12 to 18 
months is the API improvement. Formulation is doing pretty good. So we are pretty confident 
actually in the next 12 to 18 months, SeQuent is going to grow more than 15%, 16%. And the 2 
fronts, one is optimizing those things and helping from Viyash perspective. 
 
The second question you were asking Viyash, actually, the CDMO and CMO. So as you see, we 
initiated CDMO last 1.5, 2 years, with big pharma -- mostly life cycle management with big 
pharma. Already, we supplied a few products, in fact, 3 products, which are their large volume 
products. We supplied and also they started qualifying our products. But you know innovators, 
it takes normally 2 to 4 years depending on the market. 
 
So we started validating, they started filing. So that business is going to start in FY '26, a few 
advanced intermediates as well as API. But definitely, FY '27, it's going to contribute substantial 
amount on those things. Those products are going to qualify as per their global requirement as a 
primary source. That means whatever they have business, we are going to get major chunk from 
that. 
 
In addition to that, a couple of areas, especially complex molecules, we tied up with a few big 
generic companies, okay? Even though it looks like generic, but it's not generic, it's a generic 
plus one where it requires lot of chemistry involvement as well as side things. So we tied up 
with few molecules with them. 
 
So most of those things are coming for launch after 27. These are complex molecules always, 
you know. Either actually limited competition molecules where there were no players, or NC 
minus one kind of thing. So we are working with a few big generic companies on CMO. And 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
February 13, 2025 
Page 15 of 17 
 
also there are a few part of [Gen 0:50:58] development projects at R&D and manufacturing, and 
also marketing. 
 
So these things are going to contribute big from FY27. Of course, even this year also it's 
contributed well on validation quantities. We did at least seven, eight products validation for in 
these areas. So it's continuously to grow, because one advantage with this is when you tie up 
with big companies, you have advantage to launch early. Anchor customer to launch day one. 
That will boost a lot for companies. So we can see a lot of activities, CDMO, CMO, in these 
areas next two years.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Himanshu Binani from Anand Rathi. 
Himanshu Binani: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Binani. We are unable to hear you, sir. Your voice is breaking. 
Himanshu Binani: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. So sir, I have like a few questions largely for the 
margin side. So just wanted to have a sense in terms of how do you guys actually calculate the 
contribution of new products in that particular quarter. So in your opening remarks, you 
highlighted that the contribution has been like somewhere around 2- to 3-odd percent. So these 
are the products which are actually launched during this last quarter? Or how do you see that? 
So is it the products which are getting launched over the last 1, 2 years? 
 
And the second question is largely on the margin side. So maybe if you can like help us 
understand in terms of the margin or the gross margin differential between the new launch 
product and the traditional ones? 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Are you asking specifically for SeQuent or for both the companies? 
Himanshu Binani: 
Sir, both the companies. 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Okay. So maybe... 
Hari Babu: 
So I think one is that 2% may be related to SeQuent, right? But overall, actually, the new 
products, there are 2 things. One is when you supply validation quantities, margins is one thing. 
When you launch new products, margins is other thing. So in that, if I look at the margins for 
our API business, Viyash perspective, there are 2 types of launches. 
 
One is matured product launches. And the other one is the new product launches like you are 
entering day 1 for developed markets. So matured product launches, it's more or less same as 
our average regular manufacturing product. So when it comes to new product day 1 launches, 
those launches are much better than the average mix of regular products. 
 
So it's both. Actually, we do both. Actually, a few products, Viyash, we do day 1 launch and 
also a few products. If we are lucky, we may get exclusivity, still we are hoping actually a few 
exclusivities soon. Those margins are pretty good. But day 1 margin product launches, margins 
are much better than at least maybe I can say more than 10% from the existing base. I think 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
February 13, 2025 
Page 16 of 17 
 
SeQuent also is more or less applicable thing, whatever we launch, the new product launches 
are better than... 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Yes. Typically, new product launches tend to be improving the margin. That is the direction. 
Second, on formulations in general, we look at -- it takes about 24 months to -- from the launch 
in the first market to registration and expansion in the last targeted market, which we will have, 
right? So when we talk about growth coming from new products and formulations, it's typically 
from sales of the product from 24 months before to now. That's the broad period taken for 
registering sales. So the product should have been launched in or introduced first time in the last 
24 months. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of V.P. Rajesh from Banyan Capital. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My question is more around the synergies and more 
qualitatively. Just trying to understand on the distribution side, what kind of synergies do you 
expect? And on the manufacturing side, meaning like if you use the same facilities both for 
human products as well as the animal product? And similarly on the distribution side, if you can 
elaborate a little bit more if the selling process or the distribution partners are same? So that's 
really what I was trying to get a better handle on? 
Hari Babu: 
Okay. Thanks for that. I think 2 parts. One is distribution. Since both businesses' distribution 
channels are different, we don't see much synergies in near term in distribution, especially 
formulation distribution. When it comes to API distribution, definitely, there's a cross-selling 
opportunity. We started seeing for both companies where Viyash have 2 business, generic 
actually is a lot of traction coming from that, [inaudible 0:56:48] 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt you, sir, we are unable to hear you clearly. Can you please repeat? 
Hari Babu: 
Okay. Is it clear now? 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
Hari Babu: 
Okay. I'm sorry for that. I don't know. So I started with the distribution. Formulation distribution, 
since both companies' distribution channels are completely different, we don't see much 
synergies in the near term. Long term, once we start establishing or promoting human health, 
formulation in these countries are different. But at least near, midterm, we don't see much 
synergies for distribution and formulation. 
 
When it comes to API distribution or sales, but definitely we see a lot of synergies in that cross-
selling. Already, we see some of the important things are going up. Since animal health business 
has started catching up in U.S. generic, we see a lot of cross-selling opportunities for animal 
health. Same way when we started talking to big pharma, especially CDMO, and we see some 
opportunities for Viyash on that perspective. 
 
Okay, the second question, other synergies, definitely short term, midterm, we see a lot in 
especially API, R&D, manufacturing, sales as well as other functions. So already, we started 
integrating R&D. We have started helping SeQuent in R&D, both new products development as 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
February 13, 2025 
Page 17 of 17 
 
well as optimizing existing products. That's going to add a lot of synergies very soon. Then 
manufacturing, we are going to -- is it clear now? Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes. In between, again there was a disturbance. 
Hari Babu: 
I don't know, a lot of noise is coming somewhere. So when it comes to manufacturing, this is a 
bigger area since we have large manufacturing network, large procurement setup and large 
supply chain or distribution thing. And we see a lot of synergies in that. So a couple of things, 
network optimization and procurement synergies, whether actually buying together or definitely 
optimizing some of those things. And definitely, shared service or support functions, we are 
going to bring together. 
 
There will be some optimization on those areas. But these are the major areas, R&D, 
manufacturing, support functions. We can't give the exact number, but I see there's a large 
potential. It's not only closing the site. One is, how best we can utilize more. But definitely, if 
it's required, actually, we'll optimize 1 or 2 sites also to benefit that. We can see substantial 
synergies in these areas next 18, 24 months. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Rajaram Narayanan: 
Thank you for attending this call. It is -- we're very happy that this has been a strong quarter, 
and you are seeing the direction moving up. And I think we will have more to report on both the 
business as well as the progress of the merger. And as Dr. Hari said earlier, we will have more 
granular sort of details in terms of some of the synergies and other plans that we have going 
ahead. So we look forward to seeing you at the next call, and thank you, and have a good day. 
Hari Babu: 
Thank you, guys. Thank you. 
Saurav Bhala: 
Thank you all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of SeQuent Scientific Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
