Secretarial Department                                                                              
 
 
 
The Federal Bank Ltd.| Secretarial Dept | 6th Floor, Federal Towers, Bank Junction, Aluva| Phone: 04842622263 
Email: secretarial@federalbank.co.in | CIN: L65191KL1931PLC000368| Website: www.federalbank.co.in 
SEC/LODR/380/2024-25 
 
 
 
 
 
                                      January 29, 2025 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 . 
BSE Limited  
Department of Corporate Services- Listing, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
Ref.: Scrip Symbol: FEDERALBNK/Scrip Code: 500469  
 
Dear Madam/ Sir,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call for Un-audited Financial Results for the quarter and nine months ended 
December 31, 2024, and Business updates. 
 
We wish to inform you that the transcript of the earnings call hosted by The Federal Bank Limited (“the Bank”) 
for the un-audited financial results for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024, has been made 
available on the Bank’s website at the following link, within the timeline prescribed under the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015: 
 
https://www.federalbank.co.in/documents/10180/1124357561/Transcript+Q3FY25.pdf/e3e03011-fc33-
4593-f043-bacb680c47e1?t=1738070854398 
 
We are also enclosing the transcript of the earnings call with this intimation. 
 
This is for your information and appropriate dissemination. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For The Federal Bank Limited 
 
Samir P Rajdev 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
SAMIR 
PRAVINCHAN
DRA RAJDEV
Digitally signed by 
SAMIR 
PRAVINCHANDRA 
RAJDEV 
Date: 2025.01.29 
12:35:34 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
The Federal Bank Limited 
Q3 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: Mr. KVS MANIAN – MD & CEO 
MS. SHALINI WARRIER – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR  
MR. HARSH DUGAR – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR  
MR. VENKATRAMAN VENKATESWARAN – GROUP 
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. LAKSHMANAN V – GROUP PRESIDENT & 
HEAD (TREASURY)  
MR. DAMODARAN – EXE. VICE PRESIDENT & 
CHIEF RISK OFFICER  
MR. MAHESH R – SR. VICE PRESIDENT & HEAD 
(LOAN COLLECTION & RECOVERY)  
MR. RAVI RANJIT - SR. VICE PRESIDENT & HEAD 
(PLANNING)  
MR. MANIKANDAN M – DEPUTY VP & HEAD 
(FINANCIAL REPORTING) 
Mr. SOUVIK ROY – AVP & HEAD, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS 

 
The Federal Bank Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call of The 
Federal Bank Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Souvik Roy, Head Investor Relations, The Federal Bank 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Souvik Roy: 
Thank you and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on this early call today. We 
truly appreciate your flexibility in accommodating this one of schedule change and we are 
hopeful to return to our regular timelines moving forward.  
Most of you know, we have scheduled our analyst meet on the 21st of February at Trident BKC, 
which was announced on the exchanges a while ago. Given the limited seating capacity, we 
encourage you to register at the earliest. Registration will certainly close by 30th of January and 
confirmations will follow in early February. At the analyst meet, we will discuss our strategic 
roadmap in greater details.  
But for today, let's focus on the quarter that went by and the progress that we've made. This 
quarter is particularly noteworthy as it marks the full first quarter under the leadership of our 
new MD & CEO, Mr. KVS Manian. And joining in today as always is a senior leadership team 
who are here to address your questions, provide deeper insights into the numbers and key 
developments.  
With that, I am pleased to hand over the call to Mr. Manian over to you, sir. 
KVS Manian: 
Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to join us today.  
This moment is particularly special for me as it marks my first opportunity to address you after 
completing my initial quarter as the MD & CEO of Federal Bank. I want to begin by expressing 
my heartfelt gratitude for the warm welcome I have received and for the incredible support from 
this remarkable team.  
The last three months of 2024 have been quite a learning curve—perhaps more accurately, a 
‘listening’ curve. This period has been a journey of exploration, understanding, and, most 
importantly, listening through a process that I called my 'Listening Tours,' where I travelled 
extensively across all the zones, meeting with over 2,000 Federals. When I visited each of the 
nine zones with the sole intention of listening, I gained a deep understanding of how our bank 
operates. I heard the aspirations, ambitions, and apprehensions, and I also witnessed the fierce 
pride that the team has as ‘Federals.’ I have endeavoured to make these exchanges a two-way 

 
The Federal Bank Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
street, to exchange ideas, challenge norms, and forge a new way of thinking within the bank— 
one of being astute, agile, and alert, what I call the triple A culture.  
From these interactions, and others, we have formulated a detailed strategic plan, which reflects 
the collective aspirations of our people. This plan is not just about scaling; it is about scaling 
with purpose, with responsibility, and with quality. It is about building a future where every 
aspect of what we do—whether it is the quality of our franchise, our earnings, our people, or our 
service—is held to the highest standards.  
When I presented the strategy to the board, I emphasized our aspiration to gain more relevant 
scale beyond Kerala. As we look ahead, we need some breakthrough effort to make this happen. 
Our priorities are clear. This quarter, we made pivotal decisions that I would call a strategic 
reorientation without disruption. These changes are essential for creating a solid foundation on 
which we can build Federal to the next level.  
While reorientation is never an easy task, I am proud that my team has embraced these 
adjustments with remarkable clarity and purpose. The transition process to these new changes is 
smooth, focused, and largely free of disruption. As we recalibrate our strategy, we are firmly 
grounded in a philosophy of granular growth—growth that strengthens the very foundation of 
Federal Bank. It is abundantly clear that high-value deposit-driven asset growth is not our path 
forward. While such growth may appear impressive in the short term, it is inherently risky and 
unsustainable.  
Our reorientation on the liability side of our balance sheet has been a critical pillar of our overall 
approach. We have implemented several changes aimed at improving the quality of our liability 
base, and I am pleased to report that we are seeing clear and tangible signs of progress. One of 
the most significant changes has been shifting our internal focus to Average CASA as a key 
metric. This shift is both operational and cultural, aligning our internal scorecards with a more 
meaningful and sustainable measure of performance.  
Externally, we have ensured that our reporting reflects this strategic shift as well. Implemented 
two months ago, the impact is already evident. While our EOP CASA shows a decline—
primarily due to a drop in wholesale business current accounts—our average CASA metrics tell 
a much more compelling story: SA averages grew by 2.5% quarter-on-quarter, CA averages 
increased by 1%, and overall, Average CASA grew by 2.3% this quarter. This shift to average 
metrics ensures that we focus on quality, stability, and sustainability in our deposit base rather 
than short-term, end-of-period fluctuations. Moving beyond EOP metrics, we are freeing up 
bandwidth for our teams to concentrate on more meaningful activities and aligning our efforts 
with a strategy that genuinely supports the growth and funding of the balance sheet.  
We Federals are now better aligned with a philosophy that prioritizes long-term value creation 
over short-term optics. While our total deposits have marginally dropped from ₹266,563 crore 
to ₹264,829 crore, it’s important to unpack the context behind this reduction. Much of this 
change is attributable to the strategic changes that I just spoke about. However, if you look 

 
The Federal Bank Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
deeper into the numbers, there are many points that become discernible. Firstly, the end-of-
period CASA decline, particularly in CA accounts, accounts for nearly ₹1,100 crore of the 
reduction. Additionally, wholesale term deposits— specifically those above ₹3 crore—have 
decreased from ₹37,821 crore to ₹33,848 crore, representing a drop of nearly ₹4,000 crore. The 
concentration from our top 20 depositors has decreased by 33%, aligning with our broader goal 
of reducing risk by diversifying our deposit base. Deposits from LCR unfriendly sectors such as 
the financial sector, have dropped significantly from ₹18,912 crore to ₹13,593 crore, a reduction 
of over ₹5,000 crore. Furthermore, wholesale deposits plus CDs and IB term deposits have fallen 
from 19.5% of our total deposit base to 18.2%, reflecting a drop of approximately ₹4,000 crore. 
This is another step toward de-risking our deposit base and aligning with our quality-first 
strategy.  
On liquidity and deposit-related metrics from this quarter, which reflect our deliberate focus on 
building a more stable and sustainable liability base. Our LCR has seen a remarkable 
improvement. Last quarter, our LCR stood at 111%, and this quarter, it has increased to 133%. 
On the asset side, we have taken significant and forward-looking measures this quarter as part 
of our broader reorientation strategy. We are navigating these times with measured prudence 
and strategic foresight, adopting a deliberate and calculated approach. This is not the moment to 
accelerate growth in unsecured lending; instead, we are waiting for the credit cost environment 
to stabilize before expanding in this segment. While increasing high-yield unsecured loans like 
MFI and personal loans is not an immediate option, we are tweaking other variables to enhance 
yields and optimize our portfolio’s performance. Our approach to low-yield assets, such as home 
loans, reflects this strategy, with the segment growing 9% year-on-year and achieving 80% 
penetration for savings accounts with home loan customers. However, rate competitiveness 
remains a challenge. Our auto loan portfolio grew 25% year-on-year, despite a slower growth 
last quarter due to a strategic pivot from a floating rate model to a fixed rate model. In one 
quarter, we transitioned to 80% fixed-rate disbursements, causing short-term volume and 
revenue impacts but positioning us for medium-term NIM improvement. Yields in this segment 
have already shown a small uptick. Our medium and high-yield businesses have grown faster 
than the book average. Commercial Banking grew 5.65% quarter-on-quarter and 24.5% year-
on-year, reflecting healthy momentum. Business Banking grew 13% year-on-year, with record 
disbursements in December. Gold Loans increased over 30% year-on-year, though new RBI 
guidelines may slightly impact growth in the near future. LAP grew 20% year-on-year, with 
marginal improvements in pricing The microfinance portfolio remains an area of cautious 
navigation, focusing on managing risks for long-term sustainability. Our credit card business is 
growing rapidly, both in organic card sourcing and ENR, albeit on a small base. In our Corporate 
and Institutional Banking portfolio, we have taken deliberate steps to ensure a prudent and 
balanced approach, particularly in our exposure to sensitive sectors such as NBFCs and power.  
By actively managing these exposures, we are reinforcing the strength and stability of our loan 
book. We are revamping our RAROC framework, ensuring that profitability and risk-adjusted 
returns remain central to our decision making. We have also made a strategic decision to refrain 
from engaging in DA business, as it does not align with our broader goals of building a 

 
The Federal Bank Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
sustainable and high-quality franchise. Despite these shifts, I am pleased to report that we have 
been able to maintain our NIMs even though the cost of deposits has increased marginally. This 
reflects the success of our proactive margin management efforts, which are already yielding 
results. Some of the measures we’ve implemented to improve NIMs will take time to reflect 
fully, but they are designed to deliver a positive impact over the medium term. To sum up, our 
asset-side strategy is underpinned by balance, discipline, and a long-term view. We are 
methodically aligning our portfolio to ensure higher yields, responsible growth, and a focus on 
quality. Each of these measures—from optimizing low-yield products to pivoting business 
models and enhancing pricing— brings us closer to a more profitable, sustainable, and well-
rounded franchise. While some transitions may create short-term headwinds, they are deliberate 
choices that will deliver significant benefits in the medium to long term.  
Our confidence in the resilience and potential of our asset book remains strong, and we are well-
positioned to capture opportunities in the quarters to come. One of the key changes we’ve made 
is in our approach to NPA provisioning for retail unsecured loans. We recognized the need to 
adopt a more robust provisioning framework—one that more closely reflects the reality of 
potential credit risks in terms of both quantum and timing. This shift is not just a technical 
adjustment; it’s a strategic step to ensure that our foundations are solid as and when we scale 
this portfolio. By aligning our provisioning norms with industry best practices, we are creating 
a framework that supports sustainable growth while bringing our operating teams closer to the 
realities of risk management. With this change, while our year-to-date annualized credit cost has 
increased to 41 basis points, our guidance for the year continues to be 40 to 45 basis points.  
You would have noticed that we have taken this accelerated provision even while the overall 
quality of the book has remained stable. There has been a slight increase in fresh slippages rising 
from 428 Crores to 486 Crores compared to last quarter. This quarter, we have written off ₹496 
crore, effectively reducing our net advances. This move is part of our broader effort to maintain 
a clean and focused balance sheet, ensuring that we operate with a higher degree of transparency 
and efficiency. These steps represent a significant reorientation of our asset-side strategy. While 
there has been an immediate impact on profitability due to the provisioning changes, we are 
confident that this proactive approach will yield long-term benefits. Even more importantly, we 
have managed to execute all these changes without compromising on our employee connect and 
engagement.  
Our teams remain motivated and aligned with the bank’s vision, which is a critical factor in our 
continued success. I also want to highlight that we have successfully protected our P&L while 
implementing these measures. The one-time impact of the reorientation on our Profit Before Tax 
is ₹292 crores. Had it not been for this provision we would have ended the quarter with record 
profits. What we are effectively doing is keeping the plane flying while refuelling it mid-air. 
While this might sound risky, let me assure you that it is anything but. We have a clear roadmap 
ahead, and every decision we make is deliberate, strategic, and aligned with our long-term 
objectives.  

 
The Federal Bank Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
As I conclude, let me leave you with a thought inspired by my time spent in Kerala as well as 
something I recently read about what Steve Jobs said: ‘Fishermen repair their nets before they 
set sail.’ When the sea is too rough to sail, the smart ones don’t wait—they get to work. They 
mend their nets, sharpen their tools, and prepare for the moment the storm breaks. Even in 
moments of stillness, there is progress. It’s not about waiting passively; it’s about preparing 
actively. Every measure we’ve implemented this quarter is part of our preparation. We are 
building a stronger foundation, sharpening our processes, and positioning ourselves to sail faster 
and farther when the winds permit. Because even in stillness, there is growth, and in preparation, 
there is strength. Thank you. Thank you so much. We are open for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
is from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Hi, good morning and congratulations on the new strategy. I had a few questions. Firstly, is the 
reorientation of deposits and loans complete or will there be some more consolidation even in 
the current quarter? Or putting it in other words, would it be fair to say that the deposit and loan 
growth would have been higher if there was no reorientation in the quarter? So, that's my first 
question and my second question is on margins. So, some of the unprofitable growth has been 
given up and NII has also grown 3% through Q-Q, which is good. But the reason why NII growth 
is higher than asset growth is because of average balance is being higher or is there some cost 
which will pick up in the next quarter? Would there be some quarter end mobilization of deposits 
which should reflect in the next quarter?  
And the last one, if you could explain what exactly was written off because your credit costs 
excluding the 292 crores is a very small number, 0.5 billion. So, there's no impact of the big 
write-off on credit costs. So, were these all 100% provided accounts or how do we view it? These 
are my questions. 
KVS Manian: 
I mean some part of it, I will ask CFO to take, but the reorientation part, Mahrukh reorientation 
is never complete, I think it's a process. We cannot expect it to be over in a month, but like I 
said, we will balance growth and reorientation all the time, like we have done this quarter, maybe 
the first quarter where we gave up growth in favour of the reorientation, but we will strike a 
balance as we go forward. And that process is a reasonably medium-term process I would say. 
Other questions would Venkat want to take? 
Venkatraman V.: 
I think the other question, Mahrukh you had was on the credit cost, like you've seen the credit 
cost for YTD is 41 bps. But for this, like you said, the credit cost would have been quite a small 
percentage. Having said that with this catch up, we do expect even for the full year to remain in 
the 40 to 45 bps range for the full year credit cost. On the right offs, the right offs are all basically 
fully provided accounts. So, there is nothing, no impact on the financials. These are fully 
provided accounts. And this is in line with the board approved frameworks. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
And margins? 

 
The Federal Bank Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
KVS Manian: 
So, margins you are right. The NIM improvement was the average advances where average 
liability and advances is what influenced the NIM.  
Venkatraman V.:  
And there is no other one or for any other. No one else. It is likely to impact this going forward. 
This is a pure operating performance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Jai Mundhra from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Good morning. And congratulations on a steady quarter. In your opening remarks, you 
mentioned about auto loans, you have changed from floating to fixed. I believe there could be 
some other products, also maybe gold and maybe business banking, maybe some other products, 
where you can sort of, if you want to, you can change this. Any update on, you know, this 
floating to fixed thing, is this completed bank level or there will be some other portfolio where 
you wanted to do this. 
KVS Manian: 
Yeah, you are right. There are other products where this is possible. In fact, what I did not 
mention is even in our small business segment, BUB segment, we have moved almost 20 or 
percent of the portfolio to fixed rate. So, this is a process after like, like I answered in the first 
question as well. This is a process. We can't do everything overnight, but we are quite clear that 
there is opportunity to do more of this. And you know that auto, auto finance, most of the 
industry is on fixed rate, right? So, it was a low hanging fruit to change. And like I said, what is 
remarkable is probably this month we will do 100 percent of our business in fixed rate from 100 
percent variable three months back. So, I think these are all processes which will take transition 
time, but you are right. There is opportunity to do more in more areas and we are working 
towards that.? 
Jai Mundhra: 
So, while you reorient the portfolio and the loan portfolio and at the same time, of course, there 
are few products related, not otherwise able to grow all out. Your sense on the overall loan 
growth, would it be when so far we were, a growth leader, if we want to look at across most of 
the banks, how would this status change, would it be okay growing similar to system level or 
maybe a certain percentage points over system level, while you keep doing this reorientation? 
KVS Manian: 
Our intention is to get back to a growth which is, I would say a broad number of one and a half 
times the system growth is what we will typically tend to target. Yes, that remains our target. 
The reorientation will take us there at the point in time. Yes, like I said, we are preparing for 
doing better. In my concluding remarks, I did say that we are preparing ourselves for better 
growth. So, growth, of course, is an important imperative for us. We are not going to forego 
growth for the sake of this. And gaining market share is an important matrix we want to keep 
for ourselves. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Sorry sir, so you said 1.5 times of the banking system growth. 
KVS Manian: 
Yes yes. 

 
The Federal Bank Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Jai Mundhra: 
And lastly, that on deposits. So, of course, there is a huge competition on deposits. One way to, 
of course, increase the deposits or maybe CASA is to offer a staggered pay out or staggered 
offering, which, you know, some of the banks do, they do, and they do it very well. Any thoughts 
on, you know, how do you want to improve the CASA and maybe the granular deposits. That 
will be very helpful. 
KVS Manian: 
So, I look at it this way. The easy way out is to go and work on the price and get CASA and 
deposits. I would say that I know the bank now for the last four months, I have reasonable 
confidence in the bank's franchise and its distribution. I think there is potential to leverage the 
distribution. So, I think we have to do the hard work part of it better and get more out of our 
network and distribution. And I think we have the brand and the franchise to do that. So, my 
initial reaction to your comment is we will not take the easy way out. We may have to work 
harder, but we will try to get it more granular and qualitatively superior way. I hope that answers 
your question. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Yes, sir. Thank you. I think in your opening remarks, you mentioned that there are few low 
hanging schools. I believe they would be there across most of the line item. I think we have 
talked about the growth, but if you can also touch upon maybe the OPEX and maybe the other 
income line items, that will be the last question. As to what kind of a qualitative change that we 
can see on the OPEX. 
Souvik Roy: 
Jai, given the paucity of time and as this is related to our strategy, better we discuss it on our 
strategy day. I am sure you will be there. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Sure. No problem. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nitin Agarwal from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Hi, everyone. Good morning. We appreciate the steps that we are taking to deliver better results 
and improvement of profitability over the years. A few questions I have like one is around the 
slippages. So, if I look at retail slippages overall have been holding very stable. And so, how is 
the mix trending between secured and unsecured? Any color around MFI segment if you can 
provide and what is really like driving this? The stability in the slippages and retail therefore 
KVS Manian: 
I will ask Harsh to answer this question. 
Harsh Dugar: 
Hi Nitin, this is Harsh here. On MFI, there is definitely a high level of stress compared to what 
it has been across, mirroring what the sector has been facing. Comparatively, we have a better 
asset quality is still holding on. If I look at Q1, Q2, Q3 has definitely been higher. But if I dissect 
Q3 into October, November, December, we have seen two-three things emerging. The on-time 
collection has marginally improved in December. And there has been some movement in buckets 
from SMA2 to SMA1, which is a healthy sign. Is the stress there answer is yes, higher than ever, 
but better than industry. And it seems, but it's too early for me to comment and say that it seems 

 
The Federal Bank Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
to be at the bottoming out kind of a phase. You could see some pain in Q4, but nothing 
substantial. And then it should start improving in the field which we get from the sector also. 
KVS Manian: 
And I would say unsecured, these sensitive advances are still a small percentage of our balance 
is below 5%. And therefore, while there is stress on that, we have tapered our QoQ growth on 
these sensitive segments. If you have noticed our MFI segment is flat and personal loan is 
actually negative. 
Harsh Dugar: 
Actually, the QoQ growth on MFI is hardly 1%. And cumulatively, between our unsecured 
portfolio of cards, MFI and personal loan is just about 5% of our total advances. 
Venkatraman V.: 
And just to add Nitin, the slippage percentage annualized progress is still well below the 1% 
which we have been guiding over the last many years. It's still around 0.83% of the advances. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Right. And so, that actually was my second question as to how are we looking at the unsecured 
loan segment as a part of our strategy to drive ease? Because all along, Federal has always the 
intent has been to drive the unsecured business because the mix is very low . And now with the 
decline in P.L. and the ongoing pressures in MFI, what is our strategy there to grow the 
unsecured business over the next few quarters? 
KVS Manian: 
Nitin, I partly answered that question. As I said that in the short term, just now, I don't think we 
are going to press the pedal on these segments because it will be like wading into the storm. So, 
we are not planning to do that. Having said that in the medium term, will we marginally increase 
this portfolio we will work towards increasing. But philosophically, one thing I would like to 
just put on the table is I don't particularly like a dumbbell kind of strategy where you at one end 
you have very high yielding assets and on other end you have very low yielding assets. And the 
average doesn't make any sense. So, like you noticed, we have stepped up volumes in the 
medium yield segment which is more core to the bank. And therefore, I don't want to be on this 
trajectory of saying that let's build unsecured to some percent to get our yield. In the short term 
or yield management will focus also on the mid yield relatively risk-free segments rather than 
focus on the high yield high risk segment in this environment. 
Shalini Warrier: 
So, I can just add to that to just take off from where Manian left it. Clearly, on the unsecured 
reach inside credit cards continues to be a focus for the bank because we do believe it's a payment 
instrument cum a credit instrument and is well positioned given the demographics of the country. 
So, we've been growing our credit card business and with adequate emphasis on distribution, 
product enhancement, etc. So, while personal loans have shown a decline, credit card has been 
noticed, has actually shown an improvement quarter on quarter albeit on a small base. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from MB Mahesh from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead 
MB Mahesh: 
Hi. I mean, there's this question on these 290 crores of provisions that you have made. If you 
could just tell us, how did you come to this number? What are the conditions under which it will 
be utilized?? 

 
The Federal Bank Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
KVS Manian: 
Yeah. So, Mahesh, this is basically what we have done is we have benchmarked our provisioning 
practices to the best in class in the industry and from whatever we know and therefore and what 
these do essentially, Mahesh is they prepone the debit rather than change the debit. These debits 
would have happened losses over a period they would have happened. The idea is to recognize 
them in a timely manner and get them provided in a timely manner because you know many of 
these decisions we take to grow or not grow are determined by how the profit and loss looks at 
this point in time and like I said in my introductory remarks, our managers also need to be aligned 
to the risks that come from the business and it is better to reflect those risks in a timely manner 
to ensure that the team acts at an appropriate time. So, I would say these are essentially timing 
differences in some ways and not incremental. These costs would have anyway hit us in due 
course. We have just taken them ahead. Just a lead lag. 
MB Mahesh: 
The question is in the sense that we are not seeing like the front-line points don't kind of make 
provisions on the from the standard book outside of what is available outside of what contingent 
buffer that there was created during COVID. So, when you say that I have done this in line with 
some of the best in the industry, how do you kind of make that comment? 
KVS Manian: 
Mahesh, these are not provisions again standard access. These are provisions against NPAs. That 
is why you can see our GNPAs has not gone up and our NNPA has gone down and PCR has 
gone up. So, these are provisions against NPAs. That is why I said that these costs would have 
come in any case in due course, we have just advanced them. We were following prudential 
IRAC norms, but we have improved the norms of provisioning. That is the basic difference 
MB Mahesh: 
So, the second question is that if you look at your early buckets, are there any kinds of stress in 
the balance sheet building up there? See, the reason of asking this question is that given that this 
provision has come in this quarter, the worry is that in the next couple of quarters, we are not 
kind of put in a bit of surprise or with the highest slippages coming in from some of the unsecured 
portfolios, where there is a little bit of heighted to risk at this point of time.? 
KVS Manian: 
Mahesh, the unsecured portfolio risk as Harsh explained earlier, we can't say it is not there, it is 
of course there. It is and that is reflected in the current quarter as well, but I do not see significant 
dramatic change or surprises coming out of that. I think it will be business as usual and of course, 
the unsecured like Harsh said, one more quarter of pain is there, it will be maybe marginally 
higher, maybe marginally lower we do not know how it pans out, but we do not expect surprises, 
on the asset quality. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Param Subramanian from Nomura. Please go ahead 
Param Subramanian: 
Hi, congratulations on the quarter and thanks for taking my question. Firstly, again on the 
provisioning rate, so on this 292 cr you called it accelerated, but if you could break it up, between 
how much was for the back group or how much is for the structurally higher PCR, because we 
are holding on to this 40 to 45 basis point of credit cost guidance rate, if we are going to be 
conservative in terms of provision going ahead also, how confident are we of retaining that credit 
cost guidance. 

 
The Federal Bank Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
KVS Manian: 
So, like we said, this whole provision, is on existing NPA accounts, it is not on standard book at 
all, so that is one clarity I am reiterating. And second, we are clear that in spite of changing the 
norms on the 292 crore has a catch-up effect as well as the current effect, our guidance that we 
will be between 0.4 to 0.5 continues to hold good, we are reasonably confident of that. 
Param Subramanian: 
Secondly, Manian, this, you know, in the slide 6 of the presentation, we shown the risk adjusted 
NIMs, so it is down over the last two quarters. Of course, this quarter, you have been affected 
by the accelerated provision as well. Going ahead, if we are looking at an environment where 
rates will get cut and we have also added some risk on the book, right, unsecured and say that 
all this 5 percent of the overall book, so we have suggested margin is despite that. So, how we 
planning to manage overall margins and ROA going ahead, you know, in that context that, you 
know, rates might come down, maybe the cost of this is going up. 
KVS Manian: 
So, Param, this is a dynamic thing, I mean, we will have to watch quarter by quarter, we do not 
know when the rate drop happens. Rate drop obviously has an impact on the book, we have a 
significant book which is floating rate. So, I would say that I would not commit myself on the 
front foot, I will watch the ball and play. 
Venkatraman V.: 
And also to add to what Manian said, Param, two, three things which he said earlier, the NIM 
was influenced both by liability and the asset. So, all the work which we are doing on the average 
CASA growing and all that will continue to help us offset some of the, you know, if the rate 
drops, if the rate cut happens. Secondly, the pivot towards the mid segment, medium risk 
business where we are saying uptick in margins, even though it's a bit small now, but I am sure 
all of this will add up and help us try and maintain the NIMs around the current levels. 
Param Subramanian: 
One last question, if I may, how we thinking about capital going ahead? So, we are at 13.8% 
Tier 1. So, anything on that? 
KVS Manian: 
No thinking just now. As you know, we have not taken the current year's profit and the rate of 
dividends, of course, into the capital adequacy calculation as of now. And that will add 
something to the 13.8 number. So, just now, I would not guide on anything on capital. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Kunal Shah from CITI group. Please go ahead 
Kunal Shah: 
Yeah, thanks for taking the question. First on cost, so you indicated we have been taking 
measures in terms of at least reducing the wholesale, improving the LCR. But the impact is still 
there in terms of the cost of deposits that's when we look at it slightly, maybe that's going up. 
So, just want to get the sense in terms of why that benefit is not reflected in terms of the cost. 
And second, you mentioned the LCR when I was looking, the LCR disclosure that seems like 
LCR is still 118. You indicated the LCR at 133. So, was that like NSFR which you are referring 
to? 
KVS Manian: 
So, Kunal, just to clarify, the LCR bit first, 118 is the average for the quarter and 133 is the exit 
LCR. 111 was the exit LCR last time. So, that's 111 to 133, I mentioned 118 is the average LCR 

 
The Federal Bank Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
to the quarter. So, that is one. On the cost of funds, Kunal, of course, these things are playing 
out. It is a in two months, we cannot change the cost of funds quickly. Directionally these efforts 
will show results. I am sure over medium term because all these changes, some of these have 
played out during the quarter till the end of the month. So, I think the impact may not show now, 
but we are confident that over a period of time it will show. And second is of course, the CASA 
mix has to change. Of course, as you see, we have maintained our casa mix through the quarter, 
as we as we drive towards improving that mix is when real cost of funds benefit comes. I also 
wanted to just clarify here since you asked, this is just a trigger that you asked, but it addresses 
many other questions raised. The NIM game is as much a liability game as an asset game. And 
we are very conscious of that. And NIM game is not only about choosing the right asset portfolio, 
it is also about choosing the right liability portfolio. And we are extremely conscious of that. 
And whatever we do, we will take that into account. For example, one of the liability mix issue 
is around current accounts. Our proportion is lower. So, there are things we need to do to change 
that. These are not quick fixes that can be made. Having said that, over a medium term, we will 
correct some of these to get those benefits. 
Kunal Shah: 
Also, CA we saw the decline which is again creating some pressure on cost of deposits. So, is it 
more to do with maybe as we indicated some declining more than three crores plus when you 
look at it in terms of the concentration and anything with current and what initiatives we would 
be taking to manage the current account deposits? 
KVS Manian: 
So, just to clarify, the current account EOP is showing negative, but average in current account 
has grown during the quarter by 1.5, 1.6 percent. So average is what determines our cost of funds 
and not the EOP numbers, so that I just wanted to clarify that as a fact. Having said that, we will 
talk more about the strategy on current account in our 21st meeting, but it is clearly one of the 
areas which is important to get our cost of funds down. 
Kunal Shah: 
And just one comment you indicated that the reorientation would also create some kind of a 
shortterm headwinds. So, any areas wherein we could see for the pressure or maybe this would 
again be with respect to slightly lower growth and increasing the coverage because there could 
be more headwinds in some other operating metrics. 
KVS Manian: 
So, of course, you have seen some kind of asset growth side, you have seen the headwinds 
already, right. So, that is what I meant by that. Of course, there headwinds in the sense as we 
choose each area and try to transition any transfer, any transition from one approach to another 
approach does go through some friction, right. So, there are multiple initiatives and some 
initiatives will work, some will not work, some will take some time to mature, some will take 
less time to mature. Like I told you, the auto transition has worked almost with very little 
headwind, right. But I can't say that everything we do will have no headwind. So, I am just being 
I would say cautious on that and we have to be practical about what works, what doesn't work. 
Everything we do, we will never have 100% success rate on everything we do, right. We need a 
reasonable success percentage. 

 
The Federal Bank Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Venkatraman V.: 
This is largely in line also with our philosophy of fund before lending. So, we want to make sure 
we get the deposit story strong, and in line with that, we’ll grow the advances. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay, got it. Thanks, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Suraj Das from Sundaram Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead 
Suraj Das: 
Sir, two questions. One, I think in the initial remarks, you mentioned some headwinds on the 
gold loan growth going ahead. So, if you can maybe elaborate on that. The second one is on the 
CV and CE book. So, basically, if I see the disbursement growth this quarter, it has been pretty 
good. I mean, on a QoQ basis, it’s roughly 20–25 odd percent. So, what kind of growth are you 
seeing, and how do you see this growth going ahead? And also, I think you mentioned that you 
are now changing this group from floating to fixed. So, what could be the blended rate on the 
CV and CE book if you can highlight? Is it low single digits, mid-single digits, or higher? 
KVS Manian: 
I’ll ask Harsh to take these questions. 
Harsh Dugar: 
Hi, Suraj. On the gold piece, as you are aware, the RBI letter of 30th September has been sent 
across to all banks and NBFCs, and there are quite a few changes in terms of processes and 
practices that were being done, which has definitely caused a little bit of a disruption in the 
industry as a whole. Banks and NBFCs have reached out to RBI in terms of how to soften this 
and take it forward. We are also in discussion with them. So, there’s nothing too different from 
that part. There have been challenges in terms of some NBFCs having issues regarding LTV, on 
AGRI classification, and on the renewal of gold loans. These continue to be industry-level 
phenomena. We are reasonably confident in terms of compliance with all these changes. There 
will be a requirement for customer reorientation because of these changes. Plus, RBI is also 
looking into it and will come back shortly on how this can be smoothed out. So, this is something 
industry wide. We may see one or two quarters of disruption before things stabilize and growth 
comes back. Coming to commercial vehicles, the growth has been good. It’s on a smaller base, 
and we continue to look at growing this significantly more. The growth rates may taper off, as 
in we may not see a 39% YoY kind of growth. It may gradually come down as the base increases, 
but it will still be significantly higher than the industry. A couple of things have been done. It’s 
a pan-India rollout. We are now going into tier-two and tier-three cities also. Additionally, some 
new products have been added, and the customer base is being expanded. We continue that our 
entire commercial vehicle book is on a fixed rate only. The one which Manian had mentioned 
about earlier was on auto loans, where we have moved retail auto loans from floating to fixed. 
Commercial vehicles obviously remain fixed. 
Suraj Das: 
Sure, and on the gold loan piece, in terms of these regulatory things, are we compliant at the 
moment, or are there still some changes to make? 
Harsh Dugar: 
No, we are compliant, and whatever we are doing is in complete discussion with the Reserve 
Bank. 

 
The Federal Bank Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Moderator: 
Sure, sir. The next question comes from the line of Abhishek from HSBC. Please go ahead 
Abhishek: 
Hi, good morning, and thanks for taking my question. These 40 to 45 basis points credit costs 
that you mentioned—this is the estimate for FY25, or is this a BAU kind of level that you think 
you could maintain for a slightly longer time frame? 
Venkatraman V.: 
Hi, Abhishek. For the full-year guidance, it’s 40 to 45 bps. But going forward as well, we do 
expect the credit cost to be in the 40-bps range. 
Abhishek: 
Because I would think that, you know, going forward, there would be some more normalization. 
But you think you can maintain the 40 bps, and that won’t inch up next year? 
Venkatraman V.: 
It also depends on how we grow, which part of the business grows, and how much is the growth 
in the unsecured. So, there are a lot of factors which come into play. But based on current 
visibility, we expect it to be around the 40 bps range going forward as well—40 to 45 bps as a 
range 
Abhishek: 
Understood. And one question on growth, especially deposit growth. So, I understand that you 
want to choose better-quality deposits. But it’s a slightly more difficult thing to do than being 
choosy on loans, I would think. And, you know, your deposit growth is still not ahead of the 
system, despite the size not being really large. We see two or three really large banks still 
growing their deposits much faster than system deposit growth and gaining market share. So, 
how choosy can you really be? Because this limits your overall loan growth going forward. So, 
what’s the thought process there? Do you see yourself at the 15%, 18%, 16% deposit growth 
mark, or does that requires you to take deposits which you don’t want to take? 
KVS Manian: 
Abhishek, we will talk more about this on our 21st meeting. Having said that, there is a level of 
confidence we have in our franchise and our network. I think there is potential to leverage the 
network to deliver more. There are steps that we are taking, and we will talk about some of them 
in our 21st strategy discussions. But, yeah, I understand where you come from. Like I said, it’s 
the easy way out to incrementally raise deposits at 7% and lend at 8% on the corporate book. On 
the other side, there can be growth, but there can’t be NIM, and there can’t be profitability. So, 
I think we have to be deliberate. We have to make the right choices. And given our current state, 
we do believe that we should make the right choices and build a more sustainable franchise 
rather than look for short-term benefits. 
Abhishek: 
Sure, okay. We can probably discuss this further offline. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the last question from the line of Gaurav Jani from Prabhudas Lilladher. 
Please go ahead. 
Gaurav: 
Thank you for taking my question. Just firstly, on this recalibration or reorientation—do you 
actually envisage an improvement in margins after this entire exercise is done? Over the last 

 
The Federal Bank Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
seven or eight quarters, we have been in the 3.1% to 3.2% levels. Structurally, do you see that 
margins are improving after this exercise? 
KVS Manian: 
Gaurav, as you’ve heard me through the call, obviously, the measures we are taking are to work 
towards an improvement in net interest margin. But you also know that going ahead, we might 
have a drop in repo rates and things like that. So, like I said, we’ll have to play. Of course, we 
are playing for improving NIMs. Having said that, the NIM is dependent on several factors, and 
we’ll have to see how it goes. But obviously, the objective is to improve NIMs 
Gaurav: 
Secondly, sir, on the fixed versus floating—just to harp a bit more on that. We’re already at 
about a 30% fixed number, which is in line with the larger banks. So, because of this 
recalibration, do you see that mix going up further, or is it just an internal rebalancing that will 
happen, and the mix will remain at 30%? 
KVS Manian: 
Yeah. So, as you’ve seen in our investor deck where we give this MCLR and the loan book by 
interest rate split, we believe there is scope to increase the fixed rate book in some of these 
products which we talked about earlier. In a declining interest rate scenario, that might actually 
be a better strategy. But even structurally, on the balance sheet, I would say that we would 
generally prefer a slightly higher proportion of fixed-rate books. Don’t forget that banks 
essentially borrow fixed rate on the liability side. There is no floating rate borrowing on the 
borrowing side. So, fundamentally, fixed-rate assets are a better ALM match for balance sheets 
of banks, and that’s what we keep in mind. 
Gaurav: 
Lastly, on the credit cost bit. So, barring Q3, which is the reported numbers, the previous seven 
to eight quarters saw provisions of about, say, 20–25 bps, adjusted for the aggressive growth that 
Federal would have seen, right? So, my question is, what is actually leading to a higher credit 
cost guidance? 
KVS Manian: 
Gaurav, like we said earlier, the credit cost is over a period, not an additional credit cost we are 
taking. We are bringing forward the debits on credit cost. This credit cost would have hit us 
under our earlier norms as well, but with a lag. So, it is more of a lead-lag effect. Therefore, 
fundamentally, over a period of time, it does not change our credit cost guidance because, over 
time, it would have resulted in the same credit cost. 
Gaurav: 
No, my sense was that this probably would have only impacted a few quarters, right? I mean, 
this may not sustain. 
KVS Manian: 
These debits depend on the performance of the portfolio and the composition of the portfolio as 
we go forward. That guidance we gave you—that we are not, just now, proposing to grow our 
unsecured side so much—therefore, we are not expecting that to change in the next few quarters. 
As and when we change the proportion, we will come back to you with a revised guidance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the question-and-answer session. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Souvik Roy for his closing comments. 

 
The Federal Bank Limited 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Souvik Roy: 
Thank you, and thanks, everybody, for joining us today and for your thoughtful questions and 
feedback. With that, I think we wish you a great day ahead. Thank you once again, and we look 
forward to connecting with you on our analyst day, which is scheduled for the 21st of February. 
Take care and see you all then. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of the Federal Bank Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your line. 
