 
 
 
CSFB. 2024-25/524 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
February 04, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Listing Compliance 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
Maharashtra 
Scrip Code: 544120, 951995 & 953739 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
The Listing Department,  
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Maharashtra 
Symbol: CAPITALSFB  
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call for Earning Conference Call for the Unaudited Financial Results of 
Capital Small Finance Bank Limited for the Quarter and nine months ended on December 31, 2024 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
We submit herewith the transcript of the conference call held on Thursday, January 30, 2025 for the 
Unaudited Financial Results of Capital Small Finance Bank Limited for the Quarter and nine month 
ended on December 31, 2024. 
In compliance of Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, the transcript is also made available on the 
Bank’s website at https://www.capitalbank.co.in/investors/financial-results   
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully 
 
For Capital Small Finance Bank Limited  
 
 
 
 
Amit Sharma 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. F10888  
 
AMIT 
SHARMA
Digitally signed by AMIT SHARMA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=141010, l=Ludhiana, 
st=Punjab, street=HOUSE NO 30 JAPPAN COLONY 
JAMALPUR NEAR AHLUWALIA COLONY FOCAL POINT 
LUDHIANA PUNJAB- 141010, 
2.5.4.20=756cfd4636506c4a5ae0f297db5ff869f7c90f9c4c6
efee2deaf9f1de92ae166, 
serialNumber=714e67af2c56cb3a137a0e626667dd2dc0ee
0473e2d5376e0d595999604af844, 
email=amitsharmasgnr@gmail.com, cn=AMIT SHARMA 
Date: 2025.02.04 15:59:36 +05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
“Capital Small Finance Bank Limited 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 30, 2025 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchange on  January 30, 2025 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SARVJIT SINGH SAMRA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
PROMOTER AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
CAPITAL SMALL FINANCE BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. MUNISH JAIN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – CAPITAL 
SMALL FINANCE BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. ASEEM MAHAJAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
CAPITAL SMALL FINANCE BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. SAHIL VIJAY – HEADS TREASURY AND INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – CAPITAL SMALL FINANCE BANK 
LIMITED 
 
MS. BHARTI BABUTTA – INVESTOR RELATIONS TEAM – 
CAPITAL SMALL FINANCE BANK LIMITED 
 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISORS – CAPITAL 
SMALL FINANCE BANK LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
Capital Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call of 
Capital Small Finance Bank Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on date of this call. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and 
involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sarvjit Singh Samra the MD, Promoter and CEO. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Sarvjit Samra: 
Thank you, Alric. Good afternoon, everyone. I am Sarvjit Samra, Managing Director and CEO 
of Capital Small Finance Bank. Thank you all for joining Capital Small Finance Bank Limited's 
Earnings Call. We have already uploaded the results and investor deck on the exchanges. I hope 
everybody had the opportunity to go through the same.  
Joining me in the call are my colleagues, Mr. Munish Jain, who is Executive Director; Aseem 
Mahajan, CFO; Sahil Vijay, who heads Treasury and Investor Relations and Bharti Babutta. who 
is part of Investor Relations team; and SGA, our Investor Relations Advisors. 
 
Let me begin with overview on economy, along with the industry post which Munish will 
provide a detailed overview on our business performance. India's economy has shown 
remarkable resilience and momentum in recent months, emerging as a bright spot in the global 
economic landscape.  
In the second half of 2024, GDP growth was recorded at 6.3% supported by a robust service 
sector contributing 55% of economic output. Manufacturing activities also witnessed a surge 
with the Purchasing Managers Index consistently above 57, indicating expansion. Exports 
despite global headwinds reached $390 billion in the first three quarters of financial year '24-
'25, driven by sectors like electronics, pharmaceuticals and automotive components. 
 
Meanwhile, inflation moderated to 4.8% in December '24, aided by the declining food prices 
and effective monetary policies by the Reserve Bank of India. Credit growth in the banking 
sector has moderated with an expected increase of 13% to 15% in financial year '25, down from 
the peak of 20.9% in December '23.  
This slowdown is attributed to regulatory changes in retail and NBFC lending, coupled with 
shift towards corporate credit driven by private sector capital expenditure. The loan-to-deposit 
ratio reached 80.4% in first half of financial year '25, reflecting a persistent gap between deposit 
and credit growth.  
Elevated LDRs and tight financing conditions are expected to constrain loan growth, while 
deposit growth is projected at 12% to 13%, supported by the term deposit re-pricing and 

 
Capital Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
competitive efforts to attract CASA deposits. Despite these challenges, asset quality of the 
banking industry has improved significantly with gross and net NPAs at 12 years low of 2.6% 
and net NPAs at 0.6%, respectively.  
However, unsecured retail lending including personal loans and credit cards have seen 
delinquencies particularly among self-employed and young borrowers. Profitability in the sector 
which peaked in financial year '24 is likely to moderate further due to increasing credit costs and 
high slippages.  
Overall, the banking sector faces headwinds from external volatility causing financing 
conditions and evolving credit dynamics. We at Capital Small Finance Bank are consistently 
progressing towards a promising future and have closed the Q3 of financial year '25 with a profit 
after tax of INR34 crores, reflecting 18% year-on-year growth with return on assets of 1.4%, 
scaling from 1.3% in Q3 of financial year '24. 
 
Gross advances increased to INR6,816 crores, registering growth of 19% year-on-year with 
disbursement growth of 92% with reduction in GNPA to 2.6% and NNPA to 1.3%. Our deposit 
continues to be retail-centric with CASA of 39.1% and deposits have grown to INR8,384 crores 
with year-on-year growth of 12% and 8% quarter-on-quarter growth.  
These results underscore our commitment to deliver progressive growth while remaining 
steadfast in our mission to sustainable banking for all. As we look forward, we are optimistic 
towards our growth momentum and delivering value to our stakeholders. Thank you. I'll now 
hand over to Munish, who will share a detailed overview of our business performance and 
financials. 
Munish Jain: 
Thank you, Mr. Samra. Good afternoon and warm welcome to all of you. We are consistently 
progressing post our capital infusion and I am pleased to share the financial highlights for Q3 
FY '25. Advances during the quarter, growth is broadly in line with the bank estimate and gross 
advances stood at INR6,816 crores as on end of December, represented by a growth of 19% 
year-on-year and 11% on a year-to-date basis.  
During the quarter, we reversed the historical trend of negative growth in advances during Q3 
of the financial year and registering a Q-on-Q growth of 2%. We continue to be a secured lender 
with 99.8% secured book with around 80% loan book collateralized with immovable property 
or bank FDRs. Further, we are having zero direct microfinance exposure. 
Fresh disbursement during the Q3 FY '25 is INR737 crores against INR384 crores in Q3 FY '24 
with a year-on-year growth of 92%. And for the 9M FY '25 is INR2,081 crores against INR1,392 
crores during the last year first 9 months, with a YTD growth of 49%. The disbursement 
constitutes 21% to MSME segment, 23% to mortgage segment, 19% to agriculture; 22% to 
NBFC and remaining to the consumption loans, including the loan against deposits.  
Our advances consisting of agriculture32% against 35% in Q2 FY '25 and 37% in Q3 FY '24. 
Mortgage 27% and the same was also 27% in the last and the corresponding quarter end. MSME 
increased to 21% against 20% a quarter back and a year back. Corporate/NBFC lending at 12% 

 
Capital Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
against 11% a quarter back and consumption lending at static at 7% at the end of the current 
quarter and the same is also 7% at the end of Q2 and Q3 FY '24.  
Our experience being in the lending business for more than two decades. Our primary banking 
approach, visibility of client cash flow, identified niche lending segment, ie the middle income 
group segment, our conservative LTVs,  has contributed to consistently maintain a superior asset 
quality, even in black-swan events. Despite the present challenging macro environment, we are 
having a GNPA of 2.67% for Q3 FY '25 and net NPA of 1.35% against 2.97% and 1.53% at the 
end of December 2023.  
Our emphasis continue to be on collection and resolution even for the sticky loans and we have 
almost zero write-offs and nil NPAs during the quarter. Our slippage ratio for Q3 FY '25 stood 
at 1.33% against 1.9% in Q3 FY '24 with upgrade and recovery ratio of 1.2%. The same is 
calculated on an annualized basis.  
Our credit cost remained range bound at 0.1% during Q3 FY '25 and we are maintaining a PCR 
of 50% plus. SMA 1 and SMA 2 calculated as a percentage to advances stood at 6% at the end 
of December quarter and the same was also 6% at the end of December 2023.  
Moving on the liability side. the liability mix is positively skewed towards the deposit which 
constituting 82.3% of the balance sheet and 93.2% of the deposits are retail deposits and 3.5% 
being the borrowings which is providing us an adequate liability expansion levers. Our deposits 
grew by 12% on a year-to-date basis to INR8,384 crores at the end of December 2024 which is 
registering a year-on-year growth of also 12%, with maintaining a healthy CASA ratio of 39.1%. 
During the quarter, Q3 FY '25, we grew our deposit by 8%. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we have lost the line of the management. Please stay connected while I 
re-join the management. Ladies and gentlemen, we have the management line connected. Sir, 
please proceed. 
Munish Jain: 
Yes. I'm just repeating the last paragraph again. Our deposit grew by 12% on a year-to-date basis 
to INR8,384 crores as of December 2024, which is also Y-o-Y growth of 12%, while maintaining 
a healthy CASA ratio of 39.1%. During the quarter, we grew our deposit by 8%. The cost of 
funds for Q3 FY '25 stood at 6% against 6% a quarter back and cost of deposit being also 5.9% 
as was during the last quarter.  
The average credit-to-deposit ratio for the bank has inched up from 78.4% on December FY '24 
to 81.1% in quarter 3 FY '25. We aim to take this ratio to mid- to the high 80s going ahead.  
Now talking about the profitability. Pre-provisional operating profit has increased to INR47 
crores against INR39 crores in the corresponding quarter, registering a growth of 22% and profit 
after tax stood at INR34 crores against INR29 crores in the corresponding quarter, registering a 
growth of 18%.  
Pre-provisional operating profit has increased to INR139 crores against INR115 crores during 
the first 9 months of the current year with a growth of 21%. And net profit for the first 9 months 

 
Capital Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
has increased to INR98 crores against INR83 crores during the last year first 9 months with a 
growth of 17%.  
PAT growth is driven by 22% increase in the net interest income, 20% increase in the net total 
income and optimization or reduction in the cost-to-income ratio, which is 62.1% during this 
quarter and the same was 62.8% in December FY '24. 
 
NIM has increased to 4.3% in Q3 FY '25 against 3.9% in the corresponding quarter, and our 
operating margin has improved to 1.9% against 1.8% in the corresponding quarter. Non interest 
income during the quarter remained at the similar level as at the end of the last year, which is 
0.73% against 0.77% at the end of the previous corresponding quarter.  
Noninterest income, we are recognizing on cash basis. As such, certain non-interest income, 
specifically the Penal charges, which is valuing around 0.1%, was not forming part of the interest 
income though they are related to this period for Q3 FY '25 since they are being charged on half 
year-end basis.  
Our ROTA has increased to 1.4% in Q3 FY '25 and return on average advances increased to 
2.1% against 1.3% and 2% respectively, in the corresponding quarter. Our ROE during the Q3 
is 10.9% against 10.8% in the Q2 FY '25. The capital adequacy ratio is at 25.8% at the end of 
the Q3 FY '25 and our LCR is at 239.2%, which is giving us a legroom to further improve our 
CD ratio.  
Our branch network at the end of quarter stood at 185 branches spread over 5 states and 2 union 
territories.  
Going forward, we remain committed towards achieving our loan book growth of 20% plus in 
FY '25 by capitalizing on the growing MSME, mortgage segment coupled with expanding 
middle income group segment.  
Our focus on expansion of NIM, NII and increasing fee income will be the key drivers for our 
targeted ROA -- annualized ROA of 1.4% plus for FY '25. And further, we intend to expand our 
ROTA going forward. 
 
The outline strategies, initiatives collectively positioned us for a sustained growth and amplified 
market presence. I'm eager to share many more positive updates with you in the coming quarter. 
Till then, stay safe, stay healthy. Thank you. Now I request the moderator to take up the Q&A 
session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin with the question and answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Shailesh Kanani from Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Sir, first question is with respect to -- in your opening remarks, you said that we will be working 
towards increasing the ROA. So can you just point out certain levers which should play out in 
the next few quarters or a couple of years, which would help us to increase our ROA? 

 
Capital Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
Munish Jain: 
Yes. We have identified three levers for our ROTA expansion. First lever being the NIM 
expansion and the factors which we are considering for the NIM expansion is the expansion of 
our CD ratio. Our average CD ratio for the current quarter, as we discussed, is around 81.1%. 
We intend to expand it to mid- to the high 80s. So with this expansion, we anticipate expansion 
in the NIM as we move forward.  
As per the back of envelope calculation, if all other factors remain constant, that is our interest 
spread between the cost of deposits and yield on advances remain constant, with every 100 basis 
point increase in the average CD ratio, so there is a benefit in the NIM by around 0.04% to 
0.05%.  
So that is the one lever which we have identified. And we believe with the type of the liquidity 
coverage ratio we are having, the type of the capital adequacy ratios we are having, and we also 
believe we have enough opportunity and are prepared to expand the CD ratio as we move 
forward, so we have identified first lever as the NIM expansion.  
Second lever, which we have identified for us is the noninterest income. Noninterest income, 
which is presently ranging anything between 0.75% to 0.9%, depending upon quarter, which we 
are Q1/Q3 or Q2/Q4, non interest income is being recognized on cash basis.  
We intend to expand this ratio by 10 basis points to 15 basis points as we move forward. And 
we believe there is enough opportunity to expand it as we move forward in the coming years. 
the basic levers within this is now all the financial products have been available, and we've been 
having the right set/adequate number of accounts/ number of customers. So with that thing in 
sight, we believe there is enough opportunity now available to expand the non-interest income. 
 
The third lever which we have identified is the opex. Yes, the opex lever, I believe, is not going 
to be mature in the next 1 year. The opex, which is presently, on the basis of the Opex to the 
average assets is typically in the range of 3.05% to 3.15%/ 3.2%. I believe for the next 1 year, it 
will remain in the similar range, plus/minus 5 basis to 10 basis points.  
But after the 12 months from now, we believe there is a lever available in opex which will be 
helping us to expand ROTA after 1 year. So these are the 3 levers which we have identified for 
us and on which we are working to continue to expand our ROTA as we move forward. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
So just a follow-up on that. But if I see currently this quarter as well, we have kind of seen a 
flattish advances growth, but the deposit growth has been higher. So on the CDR front, how does 
that help and what is the growth we are targeting in terms of advances to achieve that first lever? 
Munish Jain: 
The thing is if you look into the Q3, Q3 historically we're always having a negative growth in 
advances, being we are a SURU specialist, that's the semi-urban and rural area specialist which 
have a high dependency on the on agri-based acquisitions. So Q3 being a harvesting period, 
which in consequent resulting in not have a high demand for the advances, rather there's a good 
recovery pattern.  

 
Capital Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
So in this particular period also, we are able to grow our advance book by 2%. If I look 
historically,, in last year FY '24, we degrew in Q3 by 3%. And in FY '23, we de-grew by  2%. 
So we are able to reverse that particular trend. And accordingly, our year-on-year growth for the 
current fiscal, now it is 19% plus. 
 
So by the end of the March quarter, as we said earlier, we intend to expand our advance growth 
on a year-on-year basis to 20% plus. So which will be a good lever to expand our CD ratio. And 
Q3, we worked very hard on deposit accretion, and we grow our deposit by 8% on a quarter-on-
quarter basis, which gives us a sufficient liquidity  to expand our advances as we move towards 
the Q4.  
So, with that thing in sight, so I'm confident that we will be able to expand and utilize the Lever 
1. And this is also visible from the aspect that our average CD ratio for FY '24 was 79%, which 
we have improved to 80.1%. And consequently, if you look into our NIM, our NIM for FY '24 
was 3.9%. And in Q3 FY '25, we are able to expand it to 4.3%. So with that thing in sight, the 
historical trends and the type of the opportunity available in the segment we are confident on 
expanding our CD ratio as we move forward. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
So sorry to harp on this. Just for CD ratio for FY '26, given that you have said 20% plus growth 
on the advances spend is what we are targeting, what would the CD ratio number in your estimate 
for FY '26? 
Munish Jain: 
We are talking about 20% plus for FY '25. For FY '26, we have not given any guidance till date. 
We believe our growth rate will expand in FY '26. We will give a guidance about the FY '26 
growth as at the appropriate time in the first call of the year of that particular year. But saying 
all this, we intend to expand our CD ratios to mid- to the high 80s in FY '26. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Understood. And sir, my second question is with respect to geographical concentration. How do 
we see that predominantly because we are in two states predominantly? How do we see that 
diversifying it in future or any plans on that? 
Munish Jain: 
If we talk about the concentration risk, firstly, we need to look into whether we are in a mono-
line business or we are in a secured business. We are purely a secured franchise with the 99.8% 
being the secured book. And within this, more than 80% of the portfolio, we have a collateral in 
the shape of immovable property of the value more than the amount of the loan.  
So we have ring-fenced  from that particular aspect. Secondly, despite this particular fact, we 
are mindful of this particular concentration aspect, and we are continually working to reduce our 
exposure in our home state of Punjab. Statistically, if you look into this particular number, as on 
March 31, 2023, the Punjab advances constituting 82.68%, which presently as on December 31, 
2024 end, it is 79.11%. So we are able to reduce it by around 3.5% to 4%. 
 
So, going forward, as part of our expansion philosophy and as part of our branch expansion 
philosophy, we have taken internal strategic choice that we will be opening majority of our 
branches out of the state of Punjab so that we can continue to expand in the neighbouring 
geographies also.  

 
Capital Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
We always internally call we want to make now Haryana our Punjab and want to have a deep 
presence in Punjab,  as our growth philosophy is not just present, but to be thickly present, since 
we are a retail franchise on both the side of the balance sheet, being in the deposit side or the 
advance side. So that is what our thoughts are, and we are constantly working towards this 
particular direction as we are moving forward. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
So any particular number we are working for, say, not in near term, but in 3 to 5 years' time in 
terms of concentration? Any number we are working with or any targets we are aspiring to be? 
Munish Jain: 
There is no such ballpark number I'm just quoting at this point of time. But just we aspire to be 
a multi-diversified entity as we are moving in the future. And I believe with each passing year, 
we will be reducing our concentration on Punjab on advances side with a reasonable good 
number. Just I shared with you, current first 9 months, we have already done it by 3.5% to 4%. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Yes. Just sir, last question from my side. Any aspirational ROE for us in terms of target as we 
see all these 3 levers what you highlighted playing out, any lever which -- any number which 
you would like to -- not a guidance per se, but any aspirational ROE targets that we are working 
towards? That would be all from my side? 
Munish Jain: 
Since we just raised the capital, and in the very initial phase of consuming that particular capital. 
since we raised the capital around 9 months back and we are in the process of consuming that 
particular capital. And despite that particular fact, we are continuously improving ROE.  
And now in the quarter-to-quarter, we have an ROE of 10.9% or I can say around 11%and we 
are expanding it each of the quarter. If you compare our ROE for Q1 versus Q2 versus Q3, you 
will observe we are expanding our ROE as we are moving forward. So we intend and I believe 
the type of the growth aspiration we are having and ince we are a profit earner organization and 
always a profit earner organization.  
internal accruals, which is helping us to build up sufficient capital available for next minimum 
2-year plus. And our endeavour is to be hit the next capital market when we have ROEs in the 
mid to the high teens. So that is our aspiration, and we are working closely towards that particular 
direction. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
That’s very useful. Thanks a lot and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreepal Doshi from Equirus. Please go ahead. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Sir, my question was on fee income side. So that is one of the focus area for us. But if you look 
at there is during the quarter, there is a dip in fee income. So what explains that? And as a 
percentage of total asset, what is it that you are aspiring to sort of get to in terms of fee income? 
Munish Jain: 
Shreepal, there is no dip in the fee income. The fee income, which was INR17 crores in Q3 FY 
'24 has been increased to INR18.17 crores in Q3 FY '25, if we talk statistically. And if I further 
drill down about it. The fee income, which is typically 0.73% in the current quarter, which was 
0.77% in the corresponding quarter. We recognize the fee income on a cash basis. Presently, the 

 
Capital Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
fee income, which is around 0.1% of the asset basis, which is accrued and which is related to the 
current quarter is not being taken to the P&L since we are recognizing and debiting that 
particular fee income on a half year-end basis. So accordingly, that fee income of around 0.1% 
of the asset moved the moved the period from the current quarter to the next quarter, so which 
is because of the accounting practice we follow.  
You will observe the same in Q1 and Q3 always, and you will find a high number of the fee 
income in Q2 and Q4. So if we're balancing it, you will find the different number. So that is the 
one point I'd like to mention. 
 Second point I'd like to mention, the current quarter, there is around 1.5% to 2% growth in the 
advances. So there will be some flatness in the fee income related to the advances. And in the 
next quarter, that is Q4, we are anticipating a better growth in the advances, so which will be 
correspondingly helping us in building up this particular fee income.  
If I give you the breakup of the fee income, which is presently INR18.17 crores, so we have 
identified now the 4 levers for our fee income.  
One is the banca lever that I call upselling the banking/financial products. And I also like to 
mention that in the current period, there has been some impact on account of the regulatory 
changes around the surrender guidelines in the life insurances, which has affected certain fee 
income's percentile also, and that is the industry level concern, not just for us,. 
 
So if I talk about the total fee income, that INR18.17 crores, all of the fee income is a stable state 
fee income, which consisting of a banca income of INR8.68 crores, loan-related fee income of 
INR2.5 crores, operations (includes the payment systems and the operation-related fee income) 
of around INR4.9 crores and forex and the treasury that is AD-II business/ regular forex business 
is around INR80 lakhs.  
So what I'm trying to demonstrate is we are working on all the sides of the fee income and getting 
penetrated in this. Going forward, in Q4, I'm anticipating our fee income to be in the range of 
0.85% or rather 0.9% to 1% in the Q4. So that is what we are anticipating for the Q4. So fee 
income, we are constantly working hard, and we are optimistic. But because of some accounting 
level process, which we are following that there is a movement of some fee income from Q3 to 
Q4. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it. And the second question, again, something that we've been focusing on would be the CD 
ratio. So if I look at the average CD ratio or the reported number has sort of seen some decline 
on a sequential basis. So how do you see it shaping up in Q4and over FY '26 for us? While I 
understand you've given the target, but how do you see it -- what levers are we sort of -- or what 
strategies are we deploying? 
Munish Jain: 
Just for the sake of repetition, I'm again saying that historically, Q3, we are always having a 
higher deposit growth. And since we believe there is enough opportunity available in SURU for 
the retail deposit. So accordingly, Q3, the deposit growth is 8%, and we always see that the Q3 

 
Capital Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
is a bit sluggish for our advance growth or rather we always had a negative growth. But in the 
current period, we are able to grow it by 2%.  
So consequently, Q3 our concentration was quite high on the deposit because of the availability 
of deposit and giving us a sufficient raw material for the future expansion. So that's the reason 
there has been a slight decline is visible that is 82.4% was our CD ratio in Q2 FY '25, which is 
reduced to 81.1%. So that is a marginal decline is visible.  
But now with the levers come in sight, the levers come in sight and that is available. So even if 
you look into the outstanding CD ratio at the end of the last quarter was 86.4% and presently 
outstanding CD ratio being 81.3%. So with that kind of thing in sight and Q4 is always high on 
advances, even if you look into historical numbers that last year also we grew by 8%, FY '23 
also, we grew by 8% on quarter-on-quarter basis in Q4.  
So, we are also optimistic about the current quarter that we already said in the beginning of the 
call that we intend to achieve 20% plus loan growth in current period, that is FY '25. With that 
thing in sight, we believe in Q4 also, we will see some upswing happening in the CD ratio. which 
will be helping up in our Lever 1 in ROA.  
And one thing is always there. We always grow our deposit book in a calibrated way. But we 
also look forward that the sufficient deposits are being mobilized to support our advance growth. 
I'm just saying the target perspective, we intend to take our CD ratio in FY '26 to FY '27 period 
to mid- to the high 80s on an average basis. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it, sir. That is helpful. Sir, just one last question, if I can squeeze in. It is like you highlighted 
earlier to the earlier participant that you want to be thickly present in the state of Haryana and 
make it the next Punjab. So in terms of product bouquet, which -- like, for example, in Punjab, 
we know that in agri is something that is having larger share. In Haryana, what would be that 
flagship product for us? 
Munish Jain: 
In Haryana, we are having the two flagship products or rather I would say two buckets, which 
we are working hard. One is the mortgage and second is the MSME lending. We are doing the 
agri also in Haryana, maybe in the selective buckets. But in Haryana, our biggest concentration 
is on the MSME segment and the mortgage segment. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it, sir, That is helpful, sir. Sir, thank you so much and good luck for the next quarter, sir. 
Munish Jain: 
Thank you, Shreepal. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pritesh from DAM Capital Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
Pritesh: 
Just a couple of questions. One is that the loan mix towards corporate is now 12%. Any cap we 
want to put on that, given that it has risen sharply in terms of percentage from last 1, 1.5 years? 

 
Capital Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
Munish Jain: 
Typically, Pritesh, if you look into the loans to the corporates, even though it is 12% of the 
portfolio, which was 11% at the end of the last quarter. we intend to keep it below 15% overall 
basis as we move forward. But one thing I'd just like to flag here, we are not increasing much in 
the account/Count in the segment.  
Earlier, before the capital infusion, we were typically lending it up to around INR15 crores to 
INR20 crores each of this particular company. And our average ticket size in this type of segment 
is around INR16 crores. Now with the capital infusion, we expanded that particular exposure 
ceiling to INR40 crores. Still we are conservative and don't want to lend more than INR40 crores 
to a single NBFC. But we want to lend to a rightful NBFCs, and we are not increasing much of 
the count. 
 
So if we look into the particular numbers, you will be observing our ATS has increased from 
INR16 crores, which was Q3 FY '24 to INR22 crores. So that is to the tested customers, which 
we had testing with us, and we are expanding our bouquet in this. So that's the reason there may 
be some visibility perspective, you will find some growth. But overall, I'd just like to flag here. 
We are lender within this space only to those NBFCs who are secured NBFCs. Our exposure to 
the microfinance industry in this particular space on the overall basis is around 1-1.5% of our 
total portfolio. So we are very mindful that we are lending into that segment, which are lesser 
leveraged and which are in the line of businesses, which we know well. So that is our take on 
this corporate lending. And accordingly, we are building up the book. 
Pritesh: 
Got it. Sir, just a follow-up on that. So basically, that growth has been slightly higher, that also 
brings down our margins relatively given that what I see from your average yields is about 11%. 
But from a perspective, it will constrain your margins, which can move up from the CD ratio 
perspective. So any threat on that or any thoughts on that perspective? 
 
Munish Jain: 
Pritesh, just a data point perspective. If we look into our yield on our advances portfolio, it is 
around 11.25% to 11.35% presently. And if you look into our yield on the corporate book, it is 
also around 11.05% to 11.15%. So we are not significantly away from what we are getting on 
the portfolio basis.  
So I'm not seeing any challenge with this portfolio build-up on our margins since they are very 
nearer to each other. On our corporate yield basis, if you look into the presentation, Page #5, the 
yield on our corporate book is 11.06%  as on December. And our total yield is around 11.25% 
to 11.3%.  
So they are very nearer to each other. And so they are not posing any threat to our margin 
expansion with our CD ratio expansion. We are very mindful of it. And accordingly, we are 
taking a step further. 
Pritesh: 
Got it, sir. Sir, another question on asset quality. Generally, Q4, we see slippages moving up. 
That's the trend which we have seen in the last couple of years. Also, we see upgrades moving 

 
Capital Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
up in the same quarter. But with changing macro, do you see there is a threat that the upgrades 
may not come in and we may see some asset quality issues? Is there anything like that? 
Munish Jain: 
Up to now, the information available and the situation at the ground. I'm talking from the Capital 
Small Finance Bank perspective. We are not sensing any such problem. Even if you look 
statistically, our slippage ratio for the Q3 is 1.33% and our upgrade ratio is 1.2%. In the Q3, we 
are able to bring them very, very nearer to each other.  
And Q3 is always a period in which we always see some higher slippages. And Q4, we will 
always find some higher upgradations. So as on date situation at the ground, we are not seeing 
any such chances, and we are committed to maintaining the superior asset quality as we move 
forward. 
Pritesh: 
Sir, only last question related to that is the PCR orientation. Last quarter, we had done some 
slightly higher provision and put it into our PCR being higher, like 51%. But this quarter, since 
that a little bit of -- though we understand there is seasonality to asset quality, but what is your 
orientation on PCR now from here on? 
Munish Jain: 
We have our internal guidance that we will not let the PCR slip below 50%. And in the event 
the PCR slip below 50% after application of the regulatory provision, we attempt to made the 
additional provision. And if you look into the current quarter end, our PCR is more than 50%. It 
is almost a similar number which we had of the last quarter, plus/minus a few basis points. 
plus/minus a few basis points will be always happening.  
So we are committed to keep the PCR above 50% despite the fact having a collateralized book. 
And we intend to continue to maintain a stance that older NPAs shall be carrying 100% PCR, 
which is typically 4-year plus book, that is the stance we are intend to continuing to maintain as 
we move forward as well. 
Pritesh: 
Sure. Sir, just a suggestion from our side is that I think you should consider increasing your PCR 
in a phased manner, even though it does not orient or it does not warrant to increase such, but I 
think you should move it towards 60% given that the environment is very challenging and very 
volatile. So it will always help for investors to get confidence on that? 
Munish Jain: 
Pritesh, noted and I will take up to the respective decision-making body and try to work towards 
this particular thing. But thanks a lot for the advice and we appreciate the concerns. 
Pritesh: 
Yes, sir. Thank you so much. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashwini Agarwal from Demeter Advisors LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Very encouraging set of results. Congratulations. Just a quick question. You're coming up to 1 
year of listing in a couple of months and full year results out. Have you put up a dividend policy? 
I haven't seen one. That's why I'm asking? 

 
Capital Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
Munish Jain: 
So typically, we're being high capital-intensive/  industry, capital consuming industry, we follow 
a philosophy that we will be paying a dividend, but not very, very high numbers. But your advice 
is well taken. I check with my secretarial team that if there is some policy available to make it 
in a public domain.  
just like to mention, we're being in a growth-oriented organization. presently in the, I will call 
it, a growth phase of the life. So at this stage, we want to keep conserving the capital for the 
growth rather than completely/elevated distribution. But we also understand distribution is very, 
very critical, and we fully acknowledge that fact. So noted, I will check with my secretarial team 
to see what best we can do on this. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Yes. My suggestion, sir, would be -- I mean, just a suggestion. Obviously, it's for the Board and 
for the management to decide would be a certain percentage of net income on a consistent basis. 
Obviously, exceptions will apply it, but if you can sort of think about it and let us know whenever 
you discuss it, that would be great? 
Munish Jain: 
Noted Ashwini and it is a good option. We will discuss it with the respective decision-making 
body and keep this thing in mind, the sentiments and all other aspects and try to reach up to a 
decision on the matrix. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Because this will also help you optimize your ROE faster. And I mean, access to capital will not 
be an issue so long as your metrics look good. So again, just a suggestion from my side, but 
congratulations on a pretty good number 
Munish Jain: 
Thank you, Ashwini-ji. And thanks for appreciating us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Balkrushna Vaghasia from Axanoun Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Balkrushna Vaghasia: 
My first question is related to the Q-o-Q jump in SMA 1 and 2 with 100 bps. So is there any 
indication or how do we read into it? 
Munish Jain: 
Balkrushna, typically, if we look into historically, historically, always Q3 and Q1, we will find 
some sort of jump in the SMA 1 and SMA 2. But despite that particular jump, even if I talk about 
the absolute basis, we are still 6% SMA 1 and 2 put together, so which is also a lower number.  
But yes, I agree, there is a slight jump. It is not an indication of any particular stress building up. 
That is typically how the historical time lines also say, even if I look into last year December 
number SMA 1 and 2 were 6%, which we are able to contain it to around 5% by March. So we 
are also confident and very working hard to again bring it back to the similar levels because we 
have internal targeting it to keep it around 4.5% to 5.5%.  
That is the internal target we have all kept that we want to bring it -- keep it in that particular 
range. So it is not any early signal because if you look into the other matrices whether you look 
into the collection efficiency metrics, whether you look into the GNPA metrics, whether you 

 
Capital Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
look into the NNPA, GNPA write-off metrics or to NNPA selloff metrics, you will sense there 
is no such stress building up.  
This is one of the mathematical change and because of the particular period. And the difference 
is only 1%; 5% to 6%. Optically, I said look, 5% to 6%, that is the 20% jump. But that is a 
behavioural, that is a thing which is happening always at the end of the Q3, if you look into our 
published available number.  
And in Q4, you will find we are able to improve it every year. And this year also, we are 
committed that we will be able to improve it when we meet next time over the call for the Q4. 
Balkrushna Vaghasia: 
Okay. My second question is regarding there was a recent report in the news regarding the 
meeting of some Small Finance Bank officials with the RBI, wherein it was suggested by the 
RBI to look into mergers with some bigger banks and particularly those small finance banks 
who have particularly geographical concentration or stress scenario. Do we have any -- did we 
have any meeting or do we have any update here? 
Munish Jain: 
Even I've gone through the same as a part of the today's press. This is a sensitive information, 
but I can say we were never part of any such discussion with the regulators. We are never being 
part of any such discussions as we talk. And even if I look into that particular article, if I just 
talk about the article, the article was putting an emphasis on the lenders with the unsecured piece. 
And just to mention, our unsecured pie is 0.2%. I'm not talking even 2%. I'm talking about 0.2%. 
So that whole of the article was concentrating towards that segments with a higher unsecured 
pies. This is also news to me and  we came to know from the press, but we are never being part 
of any such discussions or any such things. We never heard it earlier even. 
Balkrushna Vaghasia: 
Last question. So how does -- so you have some Kisan credit card exposure. So how does that 
work? And how do you see the delinquency or DPD in those segments? And if the default occurs, 
how do you recover those advances? 
Munish Jain: 
So typically, we are being a lender in the agriculture loans/ KCC loans from last 25 years. So 
we being a lender in this space also as like any other product in the middle income group 
segment, that is a target segment of INR5 lakhs to INR25 lakhs and our average ticket size being 
INR12.5 lakhs in this particular segment.  
And our segment lending is typically to the progressive farmers and to the aided farmers in 
which we can confide upon on the specific geographies, in which who is cultivating ideally 3 
crops in a year, but minimum 2 crops. And he is cultivating one of the crop as the MSP crop. 
And these particular -- all of the lending is done. This is the need-based assessment.  
That is after taking two variables, that is what is the land under cultivation and what is the 
cropping pattern is adopted. With these two variables, we assess what is his expense need and 
what is the debt obligation he can meet. With these two  outcome, Min of the tow is the credit 
facility, which we give to that particular borrower. 

 
Capital Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
 
Additionally, we typically take collateral that is in addition to the primary security in the shape 
of the legal mortgage on the piece of the land, which is typically 2x or can say with a 50% LTV. 
So with our close follow-up and our strong knowledge, we being in this particular product now 
from 25 years. Just a matter of product, I'm saying we have never sold any NPA asset from the 
agriculture loans and neither write-off material value.  
Our cumulative write-off of 25 years of the overall portfolio, including agri will be less than 
INR1 crores. With that thing in sight, we are quite confident. And presently also, the number is 
available on Slide 5 of our presentation that also of the agriculture. So the things are not showing 
any signs of stress. 
Balkrushna Vaghasia: 
Okay. So you guys are doing a great job in the current scenario considering current environment. 
Good luck for the next quarter and year. 
Munish Jain: 
Thanks a lot. Thanks for appreciating us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chinmay Nema from Prescient Capital. Please go ahead. 
Chinmay Nema: 
Sir, on the SMA piece, could you share which products have contributed to this 5% to 6 -- 
increase from 5% to 6% in the current quarter? 
Munish Jain: 
Chinmay, there is no specific product. It is across the products. As I said, it is the timing-based 
behavioural of the ground level people. So the increase is only  1%  of the portfolio . And it is 
not skewed towards any of the product, it has a quite mixed combination both from the MSME 
mortgage and the consumption lending and all the products to gradually contributing.  
So there is no any stress as on date, we are not witnessing or we are not seeing any trend that 
there is any stress is building up from any of the segment. So this is almost equally spread over 
all the product bouquets we are having. And I'm just reiterating. This is the historically Q3 base 
data flow and the increase is very minuscule. It is just a 1% increase, I am just reiterating. So 
yes, we are used to keeping our SMAs at the lower numbers, and we are well committed towards 
that. 
Chinmay Nema: 
Got it, sir. And just wanted to understand what is our provisioning policy in the SMA bucket? 
Because I mean, I understand it is cyclical in nature, but this doesn't reflect in the credit cost. So 
how should one look at that? 
Munish Jain: 
The provisioning in the banking industry is governed by the IRAC norms. That is the IRAC 
norm published by the Reserve Bank of India. And the presently provisioning policy is 
applicable in respect of the sub-standards and the NPA book. On the SMA  1 and 2 bucket, are 
typically categorised as standard loans.  
On the standalone loans, the provisioning policy as per the present regulatory framework that is 
dependent upon which segment it is from 0.25% to 1%, depending on the sector it is, that 
provisioning is made on a portfolio level basis. So which we are also following whatever is the 

 
Capital Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
regulatory guidance on the same and which is being followed by all the industry, even we are 
following the similar guidelines. 
Chinmay Nema: 
Fair enough, sir. And sir, just wanted to understand on our NBFC loans. Could you share the -- 
typically, what is the interest rate at which these NBFCs lend out further? And what is the credit 
rating of these NBFCs? 
Munish Jain: 
Say typically, if I talk about, Chinmay, we are very, very selective about this NBFC lending. We 
are typically lending to those NBFCs who are not high leveraged. We have put our internal 
metrics that what should be the maximum debt equity ratio of the target NBFC, which we are 
lending to. We have a hurdle rate. We have hurdles. We have four, five hurdles which are kept 
internally.  
One hurdle is the leverage ratio they are maintaining. Second is what is the write-off percentage 
which they have. The other one is the what is the minimum they should be having a minimum 
capital and the capacity to infuse the further capital. And fourth, more important, we typically 
lend to those NBFCs who are in the secured on lending activities. And if the particular NBFCs 
are in the multiline of business activities, we typically lend for that asset creation, which is a 
secured asset creation. 
 
So with all this thing in sight, and we are not lending below the investment rated NBFCs. So 
that is the way how which we lend in this particular piece. So typically, we look forward for the 
larger NBFCs, that is with the AUM of INR300 crores plus. So we have typically put a lot of 
internal learning-based checks. So over -- if you look into this particular portfolio also, you will 
find that our total portfolio is INR845 crores.  
Out of this, these are basically lending to the -- you will find the total count will be 40-50. So 
we are very selective in this particular portfolio and consciously selecting in this particular piece 
first. So we are not a lender to the NBFCs who are on road -- unsecured lenders. We are lender 
only primarily to the mortgage and MSME-based NBFCs. 
Chinmay Nema: 
Got it, sir. And just one last question. The disbursement in the current quarter is around INR737 
crores, but the quarter-on-quarter loan book growth is about INR98 crores. Is there something 
to read into this? 
Munish Jain: 
The basically thing is that, as I shared earlier, Q3 is typically an inflow quarter since we have a 
75% of the branches in the semi-urban and rural area. And in semi-urban and rural area 
irrespective of the segment or class of the asset, you will find these have a direct or indirect 
dependencies on this particular high cash flow, which is coming into the market.  
So in this particular period, you will find even if you look at our portfolio, you may have 
observed that our agriculture book, despite a disbursement INR150-odd crores during the quarter 
has been degrown from INR2,340 crores to INR2,199 crores.  
So this is a particularly in which we recover lots of things which are coming to us as part of the 
KCC recovery. So that's the reason I always said Q3 being a cash flow -- heavy cash flow coming 

 
Capital Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
in the SURU. We always capitalize in the way for deposits and growth on advances are always 
muted. So this period, we worked hard on disbursement heavy on MSME and mortgage, which 
helped us bringing out the growth also. 
Chinmay Nema: 
Understood, sir. And sir, just a request, if you could add in the gross NPA numbers on the 
product level in the presentation, that will be great. That's it from my side? 
Munish Jain: 
 NPA number is there in our presentation of all the comparative numbers on Slide number 5 -  
7. 
Chinmay Nema: 
Sir, I'm referring to on the product level. So gross NPA for agriculture, mortgage, MSME? 
Munish Jain: 
We are depicting net NPA, and we are also publishing that we are not writing off anything. But 
still in the space demand, we will see what best we can offer in the interest of the information 
available. Point is noted and we will see what best we can do on it. 
Chinmay Nema: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Shah from Business 2Match. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashish Shah: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, I have two questions and both slightly long term, 
which is 3 to 5 years out. Our bank has had a phenomenal competitive advantage in terms of 
CASA, which has led to this low cost of funds over a long period of time. Is that a threat to us 
over the next 3 to 5 years like what do you plan and how do you see it sustaining? 
Munish Jain: 
If you look into the CASA franchise, if I talk about FY '20, we were having a CASA of 36.3%. 
And then if you go to the FY '21, '22 and '23, we retained it in the range of 40% to 41%. Then 
we see a slide as per the whole of the industry has been slided by 20%, and we also slided by 
around 8% to 9%.  
And we settled down around 38% in FY '24. Now during the current year, we kept it around 
37% to 38%. That is the range we are keeping it for the CASA franchise. Now if I talk about the 
CASA franchise versus our overall NIM expansion or that particular aspect. Firstly, we're being 
a retail franchise with the target of the middle income group.  
If I talk about this, we have an average ticket size in the saving or the CASA account of around 
INR42,000. So rather than having a chunky CASA, I'm saying we have a widespread CASA as 
facilitating toward the middle income group segment. Our various practices like our 3G digital 
approach, our relationship banking approach, holistic product suite, ground level presence that 
is, I can say, we call it internally carpeting approach over the just being present, we want to be 
thickly present, being part of the ecosystem are helping us in maintaining the right matrix of the 
CASA.  
Going forward, CASA is a matrix, which will be industry driven. Yes, we can perform better, 
and we intend to perform better than industry. but, we will be continue to be driven by how the 

 
Capital Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
industry moves, how the macro environment look like. I'd just like to flag presently, our CASA 
is basis the saving bank rate, which is presently we are paying the 3.5% only.  
It is not that we are paying some different saving rates to attract this CASA. it is 3.5% saving 
bank rate based CASA. So with that thing in sight, we are able to perform it and we are a liability 
sourcer from last 25 years. And we believe we will continue to perform better than what the 
industry is doing.  
So that's why I'm not in a position to give you any number for that, but we are committed to 
perform better than what the industry will be performing. But we have built up lots of levers 
internally. With the increasing CD ratio, the NIM expansion will be coming and which will be 
helping us to to continue to grow the ROTAs.  
The next lever after 1.5 years, the opex lever will come into play, which is presently 3.15% on 
the average asset basis. So that lever is also going to play 1/ 1.5 years down the line. So with 
those all levers, so I believe there is a lot of new levers are available to offset any of the 
contingencies coming in one or another stated lever. 
Ashish Shah: 
Okay. So that's very helpful. And sir, the second question is on leverage. Where do you see that 
over the next 3 to 5 years? 
Munish Jain: 
Typically, if you look into the present balance sheet, , our advances at around INR6,816 crores 
against a net own fund of INR1,302 crores. We are typically 5x advances to the net worth. 
Whereas if we look into the any of the secured lender, I will not be in a position to compare 
myself with the unsecured pies. So if you look into the any of the secured bank, you will find 
the balance sheet lever is typically 10x or so and the advance lever is typically 7x.  
So I'm presently at 5.2x. So I have a huge opportunity, a huge unconsumed capital, which we 
want to consume as we move forward, and it is giving us enough opportunity to grow and 
without worrying about the capital. So that's what we see. But going forward, we are very 
conscious about the levers that we believe that we need to remain rightfully balanced capital, 
not excess capital, not under capital. 
Ashish Shah: 
Sure, sir. That's very helpful. Sir, if I can squeeze in one last question. Sir, on Haryana, you 
mentioned that you intend to do mortgage, MSME, not agri. So any thoughts on that? And a 
related thing to Haryana, you will be also having a deposit franchisee from Haryana, correct? 
Munish Jain: 
Let me clarify. I said we are concentrating heavily on MSME and mortgage in Haryana, and we 
are doing agriculture in the selective belts of Haryana. We never said that we are not doing a 
agri in Haryana. We will be doing agri Haryana in the selective belts. So that is what we do is 
Haryana.  
Haryana, we internally call. We want to make Haryana our next Punjab. The perspective is how 
deep we are there in Punjab and how we are deep in the balance sheet of the individual account. 
I purposefully using the word, balance sheet of the individual person. We want to be similar 

 
Capital Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
outfits in Haryana so that, that particular family is having both asset liability or financial 
relationship with us so that we are able to being their complete financial solution provider. 
 
So how we have built up ourselves in Punjab. Now we have targeted Haryana to make it our 
next Punjab over the next couple of years. So that is how we look into Haryana. 
 And we are also very conscious that we need to continue to sow our seeds for the future 
expansion. And accordingly, Haryana, we are targeting for a bigger expansion. So we are already 
sowing our seeds in the other states where we can continue to sensitize so that those states can 
become a growth driver as we move ahead. And presently, we are in the 5 states and 2 union 
territories and we intend to expand every year by adding one or two states. 
Ashish Shah: 
Thank you very much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anant Mundra from Mytemple Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Anant Mundra: 
Sir, just wanted to understand, so on the LCR, it has always stayed high and it continues to stay 
high for us. Is this because of a low CD ratio or is there any other reason why we have higher 
LCR? 
Munish Jain: 
Typically, presently, we are under-leveraged entities, and we are having a lower CD ratio also. 
So with these two variables, and we have a very static stable retail deposit. So basis that we're 
having a high LCR. But the thing given the LCR ratio high and plus our average CD ratio being 
low, is giving us a right opportunity to expand the CD ratio as we move forward.  
And we are doing it also historically, and we will be helping us to expanding  ie to meeting our 
aspiration of advanced growth on one side and our ROTA growth on the other side. 
Anant Mundra: 
Okay. Got it. And what -- I mean, last quarter, you had mentioned that our MFI NBFC exposure 
is around INR55 crores, INR60 crores. What is it for this quarter and Q3? And is there like -- in 
the corporate side, do we have any GNPAs or what would be the SMA 1, 2 bucket on the 
corporate side? 
Munish Jain: 
In the corporate side, there is no additional NNPA or thing has come over the last 1.5 to 2 years. 
There may be some older cases, which is there since we are not writing off, we are working hard 
to recover. There is no such change coming in that particular segment. Even SMA-1 and SMA-
2 are very, very miniscule, almost negligible in that particular bucket.  
And if I talk about our MFI exposure, as I said earlier, our presently MFI exposure is around 1-
1.5% of the total advances. So we are very, very mindful and almost very negligible exposure 
to the MFIs. 
Anant Mundra: 
Okay. So, it's about INR68 crores, advances around INR6,800 crores. So INR68 crores? 

 
Capital Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
Munish Jain: 
It is a bit more than that. We have slightly more than that number. So we typically keep it around 
1% to 1.5%. That is the total number we are having. So I mean to say negligible outstanding in 
this and not any higher concentration or we are not skewed towards the MFIs.  
We are following a similar philosophy, Anant-ji. Secured franchise within the NBFC also, we 
are chasing those NBFCs, which are in a secured lending franchise. 
Anant Mundra: 
Got it. And sir, one final question. Have we activated ASBA facility on the liability side for our 
customers? 
Munish Jain: 
Anant-ji, since there are certain things which are in the regulatory approval based. We are 
completely ready and have in principle approval, technologically good to go. We're just waiting 
for the final go ahead from the respective regulator. And we are  making our best effort to get 
that file moved. But we are in a completely ready stage. There is nothing pending to be done on 
Capital Bank side. 
Anant Mundra: 
So it's pending with RBI or is it pending with SEBI? 
Munish Jain: 
Not with RBI. There is nothing pending with RBI on this. 
Anant Mundra: 
Okay. All right. That’s it from my end. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sonal Minhas from Prescient Cap Investment 
Advisors LLP. Please go ahead. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Great to get reconnected, sir. I had two questions. First one was on the NNPA, net NPA for the 
agriculture loans. If I compare this quarter to quarter 3 FY '24, we see a trend where the net NPA 
is going up from 1.57% to 1.94%. If you could just give some subjective commentary on this 
because the loan book is kind of pretty much constant. So what's happening here, I want to 
know? 
Munish Jain: 
Sonal, if you look into the agriculture, agriculture our outstanding at the end of December 2024 
and if comparing it with September, our agriculture outstanding has reduced from INR2,340 
crores to INR2,199 crores. If I talk about the value of our NPA number in this, that is almost 
constant.  
Sonal Minhas: 
No. I'm comparing to Q3 FY '24, sir. 
Munish Jain: 
Q3 FY '24. So if I talk about -- I was just saying -- I just heard you said 1.77%, 1.77% was the 
number of September. 
Sonal Minhas: 
1.57%. 
Munish Jain: 
Typically, if I talk about the quarter, in the current quarter, there is no increase in the GNPA in 
the agriculture, almost insignificant increase. The increased number is just consequent to the 
reduction in the base. there is no increase in the current quarter we witnessed in agriculture.  

 
Capital Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
And even if you look into the last period, so our agriculture growth, we are being a bit cautious 
on the agriculture growth, and now we believe there is a good opportunity will be coming, and 
we will accordingly look into the same. So, there is no build-up of any problem here. It is the 
base effect, which you can see is visible. But otherwise, in the current quarter, I'm reiterating. 
There is no incremental NPA and outstanding NPA has not increased even INR1 crores in the 
the agriculture portfolio. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Got it, sir. So basically, nothing much to double click here. 
Munish Jain: 
Nothing at that. 
Sonal Minhas: 
I understand that, sir. Second question, I wanted to understand like for agri loans, -- there are 
gold loans, there are agri loans. Are there agri loans which are backed by gold? And what is it 
that we have an exposure there? Just wanted to understand that a little bit more? 
Munish Jain: 
Sonal, we are not there in the agriculture gold loan, the agriculture loan against the gold. We 
will be having an insignificant exposure, I will say, even less than INR10 crores. So we are not 
in the gold-based agri lending. We are purely productive and need-based and depending upon 
the land under cultivation and the cropping pattern he has adopted, as I shared earlier.  
So we are in that particular lending cycle, not just taking a gold and lending. So we are not in 
that particular product. Yes, we take gold as a collateral in the event of some eventuality, but 
that particular value is almost insignificant, not even 1% or 0.1% even. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Understand that sir. And in terms of working capital loan, project finance loan, the machinery 
loan, the category that you have, are there some builder loans there, which are bucketed under 
this side, loans to builders, loans to real estate developers? 
Munish Jain: 
So we are not much in that particular business. Those particular business will be there , like 
clients which we have known them well, and very lower portion  not a very high portion; very, 
very negligible portion in that particular space. But if there is any such business which we have 
done, it will be bucketed under MSME and trading provided those gentlemen are eligible as 
MSME.  
If they are not eligible in MSME, they will be under corporate loan. So we are not much in this 
particular business. This is not our target segment. We are not a bigger lender to the housing/land 
developers or the real estate developers. So we will be having very minimal clients like this, 
which we know well and which have a history and a very limited values.  
We are not a targeted lender in the real estate developer business. That is never our preferred 
segment. Neither is and neither up to now is never our preferred segment. You will get a sense 
that our average ticket size of this case is only INR20 lakh. 
Sonal Minhas: 
I got it. Yes, that explains finally. 

 
Capital Small Finance Bank Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Sarvjit Samra: 
Yes. Thank you, everyone, once again for joining us today. We are committed to deliver 
progressive growth and value to our stakeholders. Look forward to connect with you again in 
April for Q4 and yearly results. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Capital Small Finance Bank Limited, that 
concludes this conference. You may now disconnect your lines. 
