 
 
Godrej Consumer Products Ltd. 
Regd. Office: Godrej One,  
4th Floor, Pirojshanagar,  
Eastern Express Highway, 
Vikhroli (E), Mumbai - 400 079, India. 
Tel : +91-22-2518 8010/8020/8030 
Fax : +91-22-2518 8040 
Website : www.godrejcp.com 
 
CIN : L24246MH2000PLC129806 
 
 
January 31, 2025 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip code: 532424 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051  
Symbol: “GODREJCP” 
 
Transcript of Conference call with Investors & Analysts held on January 24, 2025 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Please note that the transcript of Conference Call of Godrej Consumer Products Limited with the Investors 
and Analysts held on Friday, January 24, 2025, at 5.00 p.m. is available / accessible on the website of the 
Company at the below mentioned link: 
 
 
https://godrejcp.com/investors/performance-updates 
 
Please take the same on your records. 
 
Thank you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Godrej Consumer Products Limited  
 
 
 
 
Tejal Jariwala 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(F9817) 
TEJAL 
VIRENDRA 
JARIWALA
Digitally signed by 
TEJAL VIRENDRA 
JARIWALA 
Date: 2025.01.31 
10:59:41 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
 
“Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 24, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUDHIR SITAPATI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – GODREJ CONSUMER 
PRODUCTS LIMITED 
 
 
MR. AASIF MALBARI – GLOBAL CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – GODREJ CONSUMER PRODUCTS LIMITED 
 
 
MR. VISHAL KEDIA – HEAD STRATEGY, FP&A AND IR 
- GODREJ CONSUMER PRODUCTS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Godrej Consumer Products Limited Q3 
FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing star 
and then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to the senior management of Godrej Consumer Products Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you. 
Vishal Kedia: 
Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the investor call for Godrej Consumer Products Limited. 
For GCPL, we will have Mr. Sudhir Sitapati and Mr. Aasif Malbari. We will start with opening 
remarks by Sudhir. Following that, we will go into Q&A. Now I welcome Sudhir for his opening 
remarks. 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Thanks, Vishal. Good evening to all. Q3 FY '25 has been a tough quarter for GCPL. In particular, 
our India business has had a poor performance, which has been somewhat compensated by our 
International business. On a consolidated basis, our organic revenues grew 6% in rupee terms, 
flat on volumes and minus 10% on reported EBITDA. It is important to note that despite these 
pressures on margins, as a company, we have held our advertising spend at about 10% and 
delivered a consolidated EBITDA margin of about 20%. 
 
India has had an unusually tough quarter. Our volume growth was flat. Revenue growth was 4% 
and EBITDA growth was minus 21%. Our top line growth has been poor for 3 reasons. Firstly, 
there has been a slowdown in the macros and urban consumption. Secondly, high palm oil prices 
have necessitated sharp price increases, including grammage cuts and trade scheme reductions. 
This has led to trade destocking. Thirdly, we have had a poor season in our Household 
Insecticides category. Our bottom-line performance has been poor due to an unprecedented 
inflation in palm oil and due to a particularly high base in Q3 FY '24. Since these issues are 
mainly transitory, we have chosen not to cut our advertising spends and other investments to 
increase reach like the rural van program, etcetera.  
Despite all this, there are several green shoots in our business. Firstly, we feel that despite this 
quarter, our Household Insecticide business is on a good trajectory. We are gaining rapid market 
share in Incense Sticks. Our Electrics has started gaining share, albeit in a market that has grown 
slowly last quarter. Our Laundry, Air Fresheners and Sexual Wellness businesses continue to 
grow double-digit volumes. Even in Soaps where we had a difficult quarter, our revenue growth 
of near flat is market beating and our EBITDA margins are at a healthy approximate 20%. We 
expect majority of these issues to be transitory and hope that in Q4 FY '25, both our volume and 
value growth will see sequential improvement and by H1 of next year, we should start seeing 
margin growth as well.  
Our International businesses have broadly done well. Indonesia continues its solid performance 
with 6% volume growth, 9% revenue growth and 12% EBITDA growth. Our Africa business 
continued its solid performance on bottom line, growing at 9% though revenues declined at 8%. 
Our operating margins in GAUM are ~15% for the past 4 quarters. We expect that by Q4 FY 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
'25, we will start reporting positive organic revenue growth in GAUM. Latin America continues 
to do extremely well with volume growth of greater than 25% and EBITDA margin now in 
double digits. Both Argentina and Nigeria has suffered because of poor macros for past many 
years, may see some fundamentals improving as we enter FY '26.  
We are also incredibly pleased to report that the Dow Jones Sustainability Index has included 
GCPL as the only FMCG company in India and one of the three worldwide to be part of their 
leadership of the Emerging Market Index and World Index. A score of 83 is one of the highest 
that consumer goods companies anywhere in the world have in terms of sustainability. 
 
Thank you very much, and we'll now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
We have the first question from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama Institutional Equities. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My first question is on the Soaps business in India. So one is, you did mention the destocking of 
the channels given the price changes. Second is the customer, of course, whenever inflation 
happens and price in Soaps did go up, buy a smaller pack. From your one-year perspective, 
would you expect all these to normalize? So what it means is, say, in Q1 FY '26 and you did say 
H1, you would expect normalization. Would you expect that for 1 year, your growth rate at least 
should be fully normalized? So whatever you're missing currently and even in Q4, although 
sequential recovery will happen. Does that get overcompensated in H1 of FY '26? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Yes. I think we've seen this cycle many times, palm oil prices are on their way down, though 
PFAD, which is a derivative has still not fallen. So over a period of time, we end up taking prices 
up. We've been quite aggressive in price increases. As I said, our revenue growth on Soaps was 
near flat, which is very competitive in this current market. Price increases have to happen 
gradually hence we expect over the next 2-3 quarters margins will normalize. Even now with 
this situation, our EBITDA margins in Soaps are just short of 20%. So it's still a healthy margin 
at a time like this. In the last few years, we've genuinely improved our margins in Soaps. So 
even in a tough quarter like this, our margins are pretty good, but I expect them to come to better 
levels in the next 2-3 quarters. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My second related question is in detergent, we have seen the legacy players and the large players 
do quite well in Liquid Detergent. And when I see Body Wash, the numbers in Soaps, etcetera, 
don't reflect the same buoyancy what we see in Liquid Detergents. So in Body Wash, is it that 
the new players, say, we have seen ITC, Colgate-Palmolive, lot of D2C companies also make a 
lot of headways. They have started the advertising also. So, how is the performance of legacy 
companies, the larger soap companies in the liquid format of that? And when you compare that 
to detergent, why the difference is there? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Abneesh, I don't want to comment on others. As far as we are concerned, we are behind the 
curve on Body Wash. The good thing is that Body Wash as a category is behind the curve on 
Liquid Detergents. Liquid detergents in India is exploding. Body Wash is growing fast but it is  
still a fraction of the overall Soap market, whereas now Liquid Detergents has become a 
substantial part of the detergent market. We hope that by the time Body Wash becomes a 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
substantial part of the Soaps market, the actions that we take in the next few years will give us 
our fair share of Body Wash as well. 
Abneesh Roy: 
And reason for that would be under investment by the legacy players or the washing machine 
helping in terms of the recommendation because that's the only difference between the 2 
categories. What is the reason for liquids doing much better there? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
I don't know, Abneesh. I don't want to speculate. I mean, I think if you ask the question on why 
Laundry Liquids is doing well, it is a combination, as you correctly said, of washing machines 
and also there has to be a right price to the upgrading format. So Laundry Liquids in India are at 
the right price to detergents. Why body wash is not done as well as Laundry Liquids in India, I 
can't fully hazard a guess, or if I do have a guess then I'd rather keep it to myself so that we can 
act on it. But I think the important thing is its still early days in Body Wash, whereas it's not 
such early days in laundry. And I think the good news is that we are extremely pleased with our 
performance in Laundry Liquids. We are winning market share even in a quarter like Q3, which 
typically we lose a lot of market share. But Godrej Fab has been, certainly in the history of GCPL 
and probably in many companies, one of our most successful innovations. 
Avneesh Roy: 
My last question is on the rural India. So clearly, gradual recovery is happening. You have spent 
significant amount of money in terms of the Van Operations. So, if you could talk about any 
benefits which are visible in the current overall numbers. So, if you could talk about your rural 
growth in all the 3 subcategories, how does that compare to urban. And in terms of Van 
Operations if you could talk about? And in terms of Soaps, again, is the rural India doing better 
in the Soaps business versus urban for you? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
On the Van Operation, you see the first half of this year, we grew volumes close to 7% and vans 
contributed a substantial part of this. Even in this quarter, if you leave Soaps and Household 
Insecticides which have had pretty sharp volume drops in this quarter, for the overall business 
to be zero, you can imagine what the rest of the portfolio has to grow, right? And again, van has 
contributed quite a lot there. I would certainly say that if you look at the full year, first half we 
grew roughly 7-7.5% volume, Q3 we've grown 0, Q4, I expect some kind of volume revival, the 
overall full year volume will still be very good for GCPL in the context of the market and van 
has definitely been a significant contributor. Our rural growths are significantly ahead of our 
urban growths, and van has been a big driver of that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vivek from Jefferies. 
Vivek: 
First question is on Household Insecticides. Now that reasonable time has passed, can you just 
give some feedback from the consumer on RNF and is there a noticeable or perceptible 
understanding that this product is, let's say, significantly superior compared to competition and 
what your earlier product was. 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
I think the general progress in RNF is quite satisfying. First, we should take Incense Sticks, our 
share now is in high single digits of the overall Incense Stick market and our share of handler is 
close to 50%, which means that our distribution is still only in the late teens, but in those outlets 
where we are present, we get half the market there. So that's firstly good news for us that albeit 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
comes not in great margins, but nonetheless, it's good news. In the other categories, which is 
largely Liquid Vaporizers, we launched in July, August, even as late as November, December, 
only 40-50% of the offtakes have been RNF but here also we have gained significant market 
share in our machines in November and December because typically, when you do a launch like 
this, what sells first are your LMD or your machines. So we have got significant share gains in 
Q3 and that as a combination of a bad Household Insecticides season, but also as a combination 
of general urban pressure on premium, that entire market has not done well in Q3. But within 
that, we have done well. So, we hope that by the end of Q1 when the next season comes in 
March, we should be more clear on how well it's working. But so far, we're quite enthused by it. 
Even in Coils, where we launched RNF 6-7 months ago, we are seeing market share gains. So I 
would say, generally, in a difficult situation in terms of consumption and seasonality, we are 
quite happy with RNF. 
Vivek: 
Okay. And a couple of follow-ups, Sudhir. So one, when you say that you have high single-digit 
market shares in Incense Stick, that includes an estimate of unorganized, illegal incense sticks 
as well, right? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Yes. I mean all Incense Sticks are illegal, so whatever Nielsen picks up is what I'm talking about 
now. I mean, that's roughly accurate or not, I don't know. But everything except us is illegal. 
Vivek: 
Got it. And by end of March, do you think RNF on the electrical side will be all there in the 
market? And I'm guessing you're not manufacturing the earlier format? Or are you? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
See, in certain modern trade chains in e-commerce, we are still manufacturing the old product 
because the licenses even in distribution take time. But all of that by March should have got 
over. We are just, as we speak, launching a superior formulation on Aerosols. So, it is somewhat 
of a long game. Even in Incense Sticks, we launched it in February of last year, but it's only in 
Q3 of this year that we can decisively say it's working. It's taken us close to 8-9 months for us 
to get a clear sense. And here, I would say on Incense Sticks, I'm confident that we have got it 
right. So the others are taking time, as I think I told you guys also that it will only be till March 
that we really get a sense of this. 
Vivek: 
Okay. And last follow-up, so once it is done in March, do you think that will be the time where 
the marketing bit will pick up quite a bit? Or do you think that you're already doing whatever it 
takes to push the products and make consumers aware? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
No, I think we're spending a lot of money and there's a lot of investment going behind it. I think 
the only caveat here is that across categories, we're seeing a little bit of a softness at premium 
end of portfolio. I hope that recovers. That's the only slight issue that we have. 
Vivek: 
Okay. Got it. And lastly, the second question is on the Deos portfolio. Can you just give an 
update on that? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
I'll give you overall update on PA, KS. I think nothing more to update since the last update, 
which is that we are very happy with our performance in Condoms. Deos has been a mixed bag. 
In modern trade, we are gaining share but in general trade, we are losing share. I think we made 
a mistake in merging the 2 distribution systems, and we've now separated it. In terms of 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
profitability, we are behind, but significantly ahead of what we inherited from but behind our 
business case and behind what I committed to you guys but significantly ahead of what we 
inherited in terms of EBITDA from RCCL. I think in May, we'll probably share the numbers 
comprehensively to you guys on total things. So I would say broadly good, some learning from 
it, but certainly value-creating so far in terms of assumptions of cost removal. And we've kind 
of significantly improved our EBITDA margin despite much high increases in advertising. But 
we've still got a GT issue to solve in the Deodorants. 
Vivek: 
Got it. And with your permission Sudhir, one more last question. On the macro because you 
mentioned about in your earlier response. So you are one of the few companies who are a bit 
more biased towards urban. What is it that you are seeing on the urban, so in rural you have your 
own distribution and overall tailwinds on the market but on the urban side, can you just talk 
about the trends? And are you seeing any down-trading or anything in the market or in your 
category or product basket? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
I think a lot of commentary I've been seeing, and lot of articles I've been reading and also some 
commentaries of companies that there's definitely an urban slowdown. We're seeing it in modern 
trade. We're seeing it in premium brands. We're seeing some amount of down-grading. Many of 
our core categories are certainly not the kind of upgrading that one should see. And contrary to 
that, rural is doing generally well and for us, because of the van program, extremely well. So, in 
the context, if one excuses for Household Insecticides and Soap seasonality, we are definitely 
seeing an urban slowdown. Urban GT was anyway under pressure. Urban modern trade is a little 
slower than it used to be. We are seeing premium products not grow as fast as they were growing 
a few quarters ago. We are probably seeing some signs of down-trading in categories like 
Household Insecticides. I would say that we have to watch the space carefully in terms of urban 
consumption and respond to it as it goes along. But it is certainly a cause of concern. 
Vivek: 
Okay. So that means March quarter, at least from a macro perspective, is something that we need 
to watch out for or need to be cautious or you are basically cautious about that, and we'll have 
to see how the rest of the calendar year progresses, right? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Yes. I mean, look, one can say it could be an odd quarter so we look at March quarter. If March 
quarter turns out not so good in urban then we may have to change our plans a little bit for next 
year. But look, the good thing about GCPL is while what you're saying is true, which is bulk of 
our portfolio is urban, it also gives a bulk of our growth and opportunity for growth is rural. So 
it is on balance for GCPL better to have faster rural growth and a faster urban growth because 
in urban markets, we tend to largely be nondiscretionary. In rural markets, our categories are 
discretionary. So if we had to choose as a company, good rural growth is good for us because it 
expands our categories. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Harit from Investec. 
Harit: 
Just wanted to understand your sequential improvement in volume growth comment in the 
context of a weakish urban environment. Is it largely stemming from the fact that this primary 
destocking in Soaps will be lower and the season in Household Insecticides will be a little better. 
Those are the 2, I think data points that you believe will get better? 
 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
I think that's correct, Harit. I don't therefore think that Q4 will go back to H1 levels of volume 
growth. But it will be somewhere in between zero and where Q3 has been, I hope. So somewhere 
in between is where we will end up because 2 of these reasons are transitory, but 1 or 2 of them 
are slightly more permanent or slightly, I don't know where it will head. But my suspicion is that 
we will see a volume recovery over 2 quarters is what I hope. I don't think Q4 will go back to 
H1 levels. I hope that Q1 of next year, we do that. 
Harit: 
Got it. And on the pricing side, given that you've seen the crude palm oil come out, but the 
derivative hasn't yet and you've also taken up pricing clearly in your portfolio, looks like a mid-
single-digit kind of a number. Is there a requirement for further pricing now? Or you believe that 
PFAD also should come down and hence, the pricing is largely done with? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
I think there is requirement for another round of pricing in Soaps in particular. Of course, these 
are driven by looking at the market construct but we are not done with the pricing because at the 
end of the day, we have to get back to our nominative margins. This quarter, for example, our 
India business had ~22.5% margin which is not bad per se, but frankly, this business should be 
anywhere between 24-26%. So, we certainly feel that there is scope for one or two more rounds 
of pricing in Soaps. 
Harit: 
Right. On the Soap side, the pricing that it looks like in Q3, which is mid-single digit. Does it 
reflect the full action that you've taken already? Since it's a weighted average, it doesn't reflect 
the full impact of the pricing yet? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
I think it's the latter. It doesn't reflect the full impact of the pricing. And therefore, we expect the 
pricing growth in Q4 to be higher than the pricing growth in Q3. 
Harit: 
Got it. And lastly, I think on Africa, I think you're probably ahead of margin expectations in 
terms of how you achieve those numbers, close to like 15% on the GAUM side specifically. So 
how do you look at that market from a next, say, 12, 24-month context? Is it now largely going 
to be revenue growth driven once obviously, as you mentioned, from Q4, the divestment comes 
in the base and margins now are reasonably healthy or at least at your levels. How do we think 
about it from here? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Yes, I think so. I think we're at about 15% EBITDA margins there. Maybe there's scope for 
another 100-200 bps of margin increase there. But certainly, now that we've got to mid-teens 
and we were quite brutal about getting to this mid-high teens kind of margins and even if it came 
at the cost of business, we said, it doesn't matter. Having now got to this kind of margin structure, 
I guess we've got to start growing now. 
Harit: 
Got it. One last quick one is, apart from the PFAD issue, any other pockets of inflation which 
you're seeing in the portfolio, whether India or global? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
No. Nothing significant, except palm oil. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Avi from Macquarie. 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Avi: 
So I just wanted to pick up from the last participant. What exactly is driving this divergent trend 
in palm and palm derivatives? And does this typically normalize? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
PFAD has a lot of interaction with biodiesels. It should, over a period of time, normalize. It 
varies in the short-term. And you must remember that the palm oil prices from a peak of 
MYR5,200 has now fallen to MYR4,200. That is almost a 20% drop from its peak. PFAD has 
only dropped 7-8% from its peak. So I mean, at some point of time, these have to normalize. 
And there are some complications there because of the India import duty and stuff like that. So 
there are various dynamics. But broadly speaking, in the long run, these do tend to normalize. 
Avi: 
So it would be fair to say that if palm has corrected ‘X’, PFAD should logically correct with the 
same percentage, but it's just because of some one-off factors, that is the reason why it's not 
coming through. Is that the right way to read what you said? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
That's the right way to read it. The only thing is whether palm's correction is a proper correction 
or is it temporary? I don't know yet because typically the palm season in Malaysia, Indonesia is 
July to September. So this is a lean season for palm. So, I don't know whether this is a temporary 
blip. There's this B40 implementation in Indonesia, which is not so clear to us. But if palm 
remains lower, then at some point, PFAD has to fall. 
Avi: 
Got it, sir. Very clear. And sir, just, Sudhir one more thing on just an understanding how should 
we look at 4Q in this context? Is 3Q the level from an India margin perspective? And second, 
when you say normalization, what level do you mean by that? Is it the 23-24%? Is it 26%? 
Would be useful if you could give us some understanding on those two aspects. 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Yes, look, I think the margins in Q4 may be more of the same because, all said and done, PFAD 
still high and we are still consuming oil that was bought in Q3. So that may not materially 
change. In fact, we've taken some prices up, but in Q3, we consumed Q2 oil also, in Q4, we're 
entirely consuming Q3 oil. So margins may be more of the same, plus, minus, little bit here 
there. I think volumes will definitely improve and pricing also should go up. In terms of the 
normal margins, this 24-26% is the kind of I feel normal range that our business right now should 
aim for. So let's say, 150 bps higher than where we are today. I don't know when we'll go to it. 
That's hard for me to say. But that's the kind of number that we need to get to. I mean, firstly, 
look for an FMCG business, 24% margin is a very healthy margin. So we got to get to that. I 
hope we get to that in the next 6-8 months. 
Avi: 
Fairly clear. Sir, and last, if I may, just on this premium end weakness that you were seeing 
across different core categories, is Hair Colours also witnessing this? Or is this largely in 
Household Insecticides that you were referring to? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
No, we don't operate at the premium end of Hair Colour. We operate in the mass end of Hair 
Colour. So Hair Colour is not seeing it. But certainly, Household Insecticide is seeing it, 
certainly, some parts of Deodorants are seeing it. Even in Air Care, we are growing quite fast 
but even there, I mean, we are seeing a little bit of stress. I mean we're able to manage by 
democratizing the category, etcetera. But in general, we are seeing or the kind of ease at which 
premium was growing, last quarter doesn't seem to be the case. 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Karthik Chellappa from Indus Capital Advisors 
(Hong Kong) Limited. 
Karthik Chellappa: 
So just 2 questions from my side. Firstly, if I were to look at our presentation, both in the first 
and the second quarter, in the Personal Wash category, we had explicitly called out market share 
gains. But this time, I do not see a similar comment in Personal Wash, anything to read into that? 
And how did our market share trend in that category for this quarter? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
We don't usually give market share numbers, but it is true that in this particular quarter, our 
market shares have roughly been flat. Though I must say that our growth of near flat, from what 
we hear from market seems to be higher. So, our growth seems to be market beating. Nielsen 
reported market share was not negative, but it was flattish in this quarter. Of course, for the full 
year it is gaining still. So you'll have to read into this in 2 aspects. One is what is an externally 
reported share. And second is, you'll have to look at our internal growths versus the growths of 
others, many of whom are reported, some of whom are not. 
Karthik Chellappa: 
Got it. And when we spoke about the slowdown in urban consumption, you specifically called 
out modern trade. Now apart from the general slowdown, are there any other trends that you're 
observing, which caused the slowdown in modern trade? I mean the context in which I asked 
this question is we are seeing quick commerce grow almost exponentially. So is there more 
salience towards those formats, which is at the margin impacting modern trade? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
I think, look, it may be affecting modern trade at the margin, but one has to remember that total 
e-commerce sales are growing at the same 30-40% range. So a lot of quick commerce has come 
at the expense of e-commerce. It may affect modern trade at the margin, but I think if you take 
the totality of urban - which is urban GT, which is doing badly, modern trade, which is less than 
before and e-commerce, which is roughly where it was and quick commerce within that is doing 
extremely well. One can only conclude that the overall urban picture is a little weaker than it's 
been in the past. 
Karthik Chellappa: 
Got it. One last question for me. Is there anything to read into Household Insecticides in 
Indonesia growth-wise, any softness or slowdown that you are observing? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
A little bit, but I've got to also say that Q3, when we look at 2-year CAGRs, they're very, very 
healthy. See I think last year, what happened in Indonesia and the benefit of hindsight is in Q3 
because of El Nino they had a bumper season. So, we are not particularly worried about our 
Indonesia business, our Indonesia business now is getting driven primarily by Electrics. That's 
what's driving growth, that growth continues. A little bit of optical softness in this quarter on 
Household Insecticides, but nothing structural on a 2-year CAGR and market shares. Everything 
seems okay there in terms of Household Insecticides. So nothing to read there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arnab Mitra from Goldman Sachs. 
Arnab Mitra: 
My first question was on Incense Sticks where you mentioned the 50% share amongst handler 
and high-single digit overall market share. So how do you increase the market share from here 
on in the sense that my understanding was that there's a pushback from trade due to a lower trade 
margin, are we looking to increase trade margins? 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
No, I think we just have to be at the game, Arnab. I think we like to get to wholesale, build 
awareness. These things take a little bit of time once demand builds up. So, it won't happen 
overnight. I think we may not increase trade margins and that because we don't make too much 
money. I think we just have to be patient. Gradually, direct distribution will go up, wholesale 
demand goes up, every couple of months we'll do a wholesale activation and temporarily reduce 
prices in wholesale to get it through. So, we have a toolkit on how to do it. Because what we've 
noticed in the past is that once you cross 20% distribution, the game becomes wholesale. The 
first 20% value-weighted distribution, you can get through retail. After that, you have to go to 
wholesale in these kind of categories. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Understood. My second question was on Fab. So while you're obviously very happy with the 
growth there, you've seen a lot of players, including the other brands like Rin lower prices and 
enter this category. So any challenge you'll see there in terms of your home markets like Tamil 
Nadu and all where you had first launched, but now others may be catching up? Or do you think 
the category growth itself is such that you would keep expanding here. And in terms of 
distribution, where are you in the Fab journey? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Yes, the category is growing fast. We are growing share, we're growing distribution. Tamil Nadu 
we are bigger than South, South we're bigger than the whole of the country. So, everything is 
going quite well for us in Fab. And I think we've done reasonably well actually this quarter even 
on Ezee. This kind of tells you that all the investments in Fab are paying off in overall liquids as 
well. So, I think there's just more of the same in Fab, we just have to persist with this model and 
it will continue to grow at exponential rates, and our Laundry Liquids will continue to grow very 
fast. 
Arnab Mitra: 
And one last question on the Soap category. At the beginning, I think the price hikes GCPL has 
taken were higher than that of the market leader. Now are you seeing pricing hikes equally 
happening from all the leading players? Or there is still a gap and price competitiveness may 
have slightly gone down in that category for you? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Well, I mean, in Q3, maybe our competitor was a little lower, but we've now seen other players 
take up prices as well in the category. So, I mean, definitely, first 6 months of the year, we were 
leading prices, but now I think everyone in the category has been taking up prices. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Percy from IIFL. 
Percy: 
Sudhir, just my question is on continuation with what you discussed with Vivek. When you told 
him that, currently about 40-50% rollout has happened for the new molecule formulation in the 
LV, what exactly did you mean by that? Are you talking about the end consumer buying half of 
the new product, half of the old product approximately? Or are you talking about your shipments 
or how do I read this statement? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
No, no, we're talking of the end consumer, Percy. 
Percy: 
Okay. But see, generally, trade pipelines are what, about 2 to 3 months. It's been 6 months. So 
how is it that the trade pipeline is still not sort of dried up. 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
It's not been 6 months, Percy, because we launched in end July and we launched it sequentially. 
Even now modern trade, which is about 20-25% continues to carry the old stock because licenses 
haven't come. And there is a distributor pipeline, there's a secondary pipeline. So it's a long tail. 
Every month, this is going up by 10%, but I'm just stating the facts, and I don't know if Nielsen 
is right or wrong. Our only source of use is Nielsen on this. But this is a number that they give 
us in terms of what proportion of our offtakes are RNF and what's the portion of it is TFT. It is 
50-50 as things stand. It's a seasonal category, Percy, so you can carry quite a lot of inventory. 
It doesn't move at the same pace every month. 
Percy: 
Sure. But what is the reason that you have been from your end, rolling it out sequentially and 
not at one go? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
See, on modern trade there are issues of licenses. Then there is also an issue of season. So for 
example, the season in West India starts in July, the season in North India starts in August, 
September. So we wanted to roll this out with season in North India as well. So, a combination 
of wanting to roll out in season. And the third thing is, of course, closing stock of the old product. 
So I think by September, we had started selling everywhere except modern trade. 
Percy: 
Okay. And when do you expect the modern trade licenses to come through? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
As we speak, they're coming through. They typically take a 6-month period after we launch. So 
in most Household Insecticides launches, after you launch it, it takes 6 months to get because 
they have to apply for the license. 
Percy: 
Understood. And secondly, on communication for this product, and correct me if I'm wrong, but 
I would hazard a guess that a lot of consumers are actually not aware that this is a new 
formulation. Is that true? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
I don't think so, Percy. We do a dipstick. We just did one to check the awareness of the product, 
and it is very high. The awareness of the product is high. November market shares were good, 
December was even better. So I feel we'll just have to give this a few more months to call this. 
Percy: 
No. I understand the product recall or the product rating might be high but what I'm saying is 
are consumers aware that, versus a few months ago, what is there in the market is a new 
formulation which is more effective. And it's clearly a sort of new chemical or whatever they 
might not know the name of the molecule or whatever. But is there an awareness that this is a 
new sort of chemical, which is more efficacious than the old one, which was available just a few 
months ago. 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Yes. Actually, we've been selling this proposition under the proposition of works even if the 
electricity goes off for 2 hours. And we have seen the recall of the ads, the investments in the 
ads, the recall of the message, all these are higher than our benchmarks. 
Percy: 
Yes. So my fear is that people might just be treating this as a new communication rather than as 
a new product? 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
The machine design also has changed, by the way. So it's not just a packaging that has changed. 
The machine design, if you buy it versus the old one has changed as well. So often, consumers 
may or may not understand the liquid has changed but when they buy the machine for the first 
time, the machine looks different and it's advertised differently. 
Percy: 
But there would be lot more of consumers who would just be buying refills versus a machine 
consumer, right? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
But new consumers, when they come in, if a job to be done is to win market share or is to grow 
from Incense sticks and Coils, new consumers will have to come in via machines only. 
Percy: 
Sure. Sure. 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
And old consumers who are buying it, will anyway see the product and see the efficacy of the 
product. So I mean our personal view is that the advertising is working. 
Percy: 
Got it. Secondly, on margins. For the India margins, 24-26% is a decent band, which you 
mentioned. Given where input prices are today, would you say that a fair assumption would be 
that for the full year FY '26, which is starting from April, for us, analysts, we should be going 
with the lower end of that margin for the full year? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
I think probably unless something dramatically changes in terms of oil prices. 
Percy: 
Yes. So where the prices are today, the lower end of the band for FY '26 is a reasonable 
assumption to go with right now, correct? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
I think that's probably right. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jitendra Arora from ICICI Prudential Life Insurance 
Company Limited. 
Jitendra Arora: 
Just a quick question. Given that the e-commerce and quick commerce has been growing at a 
pretty healthy pace versus let's say GT, how is it affecting our distribution per se? Are we looking 
to perhaps change the distribution taking into account this pace of growth? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
I mean, look, GT distribution and our GT business overall, we still want it to grow. Urban GT 
is a problem. It's something we'll have to grapple with. Overall, GT is still growing because rural 
is growing. So urban GT, especially metros in order to improve the return on investment of GT 
distributors, we will have to consolidate, reduce inventory, basically work with them in order to 
get their ROIs up. It is certainly an issue, big city urban GT. 
Jitendra Arora: 
Okay. And if quick commerce continues to take share away from urban GT, which is I think 
what is also expected by a certain section of the market then how do we propose to handle the 
situation? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Nothing to handle I think, each individual distributor has to make a good return on investment. 
So, if you have, let's say, 30 distributors in Bombay and the business shrinks, you may have to 
bring it down to 20-22. All you may have to kind of get them on to 0 inventory, you have to 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
work out the overall thing. Ultimately, we've got to get 20-30% return on investment for the 
distributor. That's the important thing, right, for them to be interested in the business. So you'll 
have to use technology, you'll have to scale to really make sure that urban GT distributor ROIs 
remain. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshen from Fidelity. 
Akshen: 
If we just disaggregate the India portfolio, what's the aggregate portion of portfolio where you 
feel comfortable that irrespective of the market, the growth is good. So you may have called out 
Fab, Air Fresheners, Hair Colour, etcetera in the past. Together, how large is this business where 
you feel very comfortable on the growth currently? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
I think our business is actually quite neatly structured roughly as 1/3 Soaps, 1/3 Household 
Insecticide, and 1/3 all others. The last one is where even this quarter has done actually very 
well for us, though we've had bad luck on both Soaps and Household Insecticides. And this 1/3, 
the salience has significantly gone up over the last 2-3 years. 
Akshen: 
On the last quarter, we had a lot of claims and counterclaims around soap, on what happens with 
TFM, etcetera. Now that competitor product has been in the market for a very long time. How 
have you seen difference in terms of market share, if at all? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
No, I think our philosophy continues to remain what it is, which is we've got to design for best 
consumer value and nothing really changes in terms of philosophy. I mean, I have a suspicion 
we are growing faster than the market even in this quarter. So there's nothing that has happened, 
which makes us want to change our views on the subject. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Vora from BNP Paribas. 
Kunal Vora: 
In the Raymond business, how has been the margin journey after the acquisition? When you 
acquired the margins were in mid-single digits, where are you now? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Yes. EBITDA margins have moved to the mid-teens. There's still some work to do. 
Kunal Vora: 
But your aspiration was about 25%, if I'm not mistaken.  
Sudhir Sitapati: 
In the fullness of time, but we'll first have to get to 20-odd. We are sometimes a little bit time 
away from that. We've made, I mean, significant progress on EBITDA margins, but more and 
more needs to be done here. 
Kunal Vora: 
Understood. And how should we look at Africa revenue from here, you've seen 5 quarters of 
decline. You did mention it will start going up. It will happen now or it might take some more 
time? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
I think we should start seeing a better picture of growth from this quarter and certainly next 
quarter in Africa. 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Kunal Vora: 
Understood. And lastly, you mentioned that you've seen share gains in LV and Coils after the 
RNF launch. What's the kind of market share gains? And are you banking mostly on market 
share gains through RNF? Or do you see it also boosting the category growth in anyway? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
We don't usually give out our market share numbers, but we expect both market share gains and 
hopefully, to grow the market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Soman from CLSA. 
Aditya Soman: 
Just one question for me, actually. So when you're comparing this market share, is this also 
Nielsen? And the reason I ask is because I think if I look at the data from Nielsen last quarter, I 
haven't seen the 3Q numbers. But in 2Q, there was a clear difference in sort of urban metro and 
non-metro, where metros seems to be decelerating. And the reason I ask is because I suspect that 
a lot of urban, metro deceleration is basically just not capturing the quick commerce data 
accurately. So is there more light you can throw on this? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
No, I think that is accurate. Certainly, as I said, the urban growths are slower. Nielsen may not 
capture quick commerce, is also correct. But as I told you, even after accounting for quick 
commerce and so on, urban metros are a bit slower last quarter than they were before that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Lokesh Gusain from BOB Capital Markets. 
Lokesh Gusain: 
Just one question from me. So how much in advance do you buy palm oil? Like how many 
months in advance do you buy palm oil? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
We may not want to answer that. This kind of question is a bit specific in terms of the inventory 
that we hold, etcetera, on palm oil. 
Lokesh Gusain: 
So you mentioned you're still using the third quarter inventory. So I assume 3 months is a good 
timeframe. So I just want to clarify one more thing regarding market share. So when you 
mentioned your market share is flat and so for the third quarter, do you mean volume market 
share or value market share? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Yes, both. 
Lokesh Gusain: 
Would you say your pricing was ahead of the market? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Nielsen doesn't fully capture some of these things with that kind of accuracy to be honest. So 
you have to look at our volumes and our pricing. Nielsen pickup on all these things is hard to 
read on these. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sheela Rathi from Morgan Stanley. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Just one follow-up to one of the participant's question on market share with respect to Nielsen 
data. So what I understand Sudhir, you mentioned that Nielsen doesn't capture the e-commerce 
market share. And I believe for all companies, the e-commerce growth has been the fastest in 
the last many quarters. Is there a means to start capturing the e-commerce market share also over 
time? I mean how is the company thinking about it on this aspect? 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
We right now have internal ways of doing it. But this is something that we have to find a way 
of doing it properly. Because it is now becoming quite big, so we'll have to find a way of doing 
it. 
Sheela Rathi: 
So are we already doing something? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
We do internal, but these are all like our own measures, calling through some data. Not 
something which is as formal as Nielsen. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Okay. And just to be clear, is the MT trend captured in the Nielsen data? Or is it just the GT 
trend? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
MT is also captured in Nielsen. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Okay. And just a second question, Sudhir, how are you thinking about in-sourcing of palm oil? 
I mean, is this an opportunity to localize palm oil sourcing over a period of time? Or do you 
think it's just too early to think about it? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
What do you mean Sheela by local in-sourcing of palm oil? 
Sheela Rathi: 
I mean recently, one of the competition has acquired a palm oil manufacturing company. So they 
are thinking of over a period of time because it takes long to grow the seeds and the crop. But is 
there an opportunity for us to also think about getting into the space where we can distribute our 
sourcing of palm oil between international and locally. I mean the government is promoting a 
palm oil production. 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
I mean, the largest palm oil plantation company in India is Godrej Agrovet with about 1/3 of the 
market share of palm oil locally, but that's still a fraction of the total palm oil requirement of the 
country. And as a consequence, the PFAD that is produced from local plantations is very, very 
small for Soaps. And it's a long way off. But I mean, as a group, we are very much in this 
ecosystem. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we have no further questions. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Vishal Kedia: 
Thank you, everyone, for attending the call. We hope we have been able to answer all queries. 
Please reach out to us on our Investor Relations contact details for any further queries you have. 
Thank you, and good evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Godrej Consumer Products Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer - The transcript has been edited for language and grammar; it however may not be a verbatim representation of 
the call. 
