 
1 February 2025 
 
 
To,  
BSE  Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 524669 
To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra - Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: HESTERBIO 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam: 
 
Subject: 
Transcripts of earnings conference call held on 30 January 2025  
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the earnings conference call held by the 
management of the Company with investors on Thursday, 30 January 2025  at 2:00 p.m. (IST) to 
discuss the financial results for the for the quarter and nine months period ended 31 December 2024. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
 
Sincerely, 
For Hester Biosciences Limited 
 
 
 
Vinod Mali 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Enclosure: As above 
 
Vinod 
Mali
Digitally signed 
by Vinod Mali 
Date: 2025.02.01 
18:19:36 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Hester Biosciences Limited  
Q3/9M FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
30 January 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAJIV GANDHI - CEO & MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
HESTER BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
MS. PRIYA GANDHI - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, HESTER 
BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
MR. DIVYESH MARU - CFO, HESTER BIOSCIENCES 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MS. NISHA SHETTY - ICICI SECURITIES 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
30 January 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Hester Biosciences Q3/9M 
FY25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Ltd. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” “0”on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nisha Shetty from ICICI Securities. 
Thank you and over to you, Nisha. 
Nisha Shetty: 
Thank you, Lyba. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I 
welcome you all on Q3 FY25 earnings conference call of Hester Biosciences 
and I thank the Hester Biosciences management team for giving us this 
opportunity to host this call. 
Today on this call, we have with us Mr. Rajiv Gandhi – CEO and Managing 
Director; Ms. Priya Gandhi – Executive Director; Mr. Divyesh Maru – CFO. 
I will now hand over the call to the Hester management team for the opening 
remarks. Thank you. Over to you. 
Priya Gandhi: 
Yes. Hi, good afternoon. Thank you, Ms. Nisha. This is Priya Gandhi – Executive 
Director, Hester Biosciences. 
Just one little correction in your introduction with us, we have our CFO Divyesh 
Maru with us now on the call. So just that one correction. So thank you 
everyone for joining today as we present our performance for the third quarter 
and the first nine months of FY25. 
While Q3 presented some challenges, we continue to remain focused on our 
long-term growth strategy, operational efficiencies and new product 
instructions. We have maintained a steady momentum in the first 9 months, 
achieving a year-on-year profitability growth while navigating some market 
fluctuations and some challenges in Q3. On a consolidated basis, our divisional 
product sales have increased by 2% for 9 months and profit grew by 85% 
compared to the previous year. Although Q3 divisional product sales declined 
by 6%, our profit has increased significantly. This is mainly due to the improved 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
30 January 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
operational efficiencies and unrealized foreign exchange gains in our African 
subsidiary. 
Coming on to the division wise performances, speaking of our “Animal 
Healthcare System”: 
In Q3 the Animal Health System experienced a 24% decline in sales while the 
9-months continues to show a growth of 4%. There are quite a few external 
factors which I was pointing off which constituted in the 24% decline of sales 
that we see in this quarter: 
• 
The first one being the earlier than expected end of monsoon season in 
some regions did affect the market dynamics in these regions. 
• 
Secondly, lower milk prices in some states where Hester has a strong 
presence, the lower prices to the farmers has led to this decline because 
that made the farmers prioritize more on the essential healthcare needs of 
the animals and that has also led to this decline. 
• 
Third reason being a regulatory ban on Nimesulide which is an active 
ingredient in one of our products which has a regulatory ban at the last 
quarter did prompt us to recall that brand from the market. We were 
prepared for some time for this and in this preparation we already started 
working on launching a new product, we will be replacing this and the 
impact of which we will be seeing in the coming quarters. 
Despite the Q3 decline, our focus continues to remain on the steady growth of 
this division. Our PPR and Goat Pox vaccine for the national immunization 
program also has continued that we had envisioned and planned for the 
quarter, and we are committed to expanding our offer to the dairy sector. 
Coming on to the “Poultry Healthcare” division: 
Our poultry division has delivered strong growth with the sales increasing by 
12% in Q3 and 20% in 9 months. This is primarily at the core strength which 
is vaccine. Our vaccine sales has grown by 20% in Q3 and 27% in 9 months 
which has been one of the big contributors. The main contributing factor is 
rising awareness of the Newcastle Disease and Marek’s Disease prevention, 
the two vaccines in which Hector continues to be one of the market leaders 
introducing and supplying this vaccine. We have also introduced new feed 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
30 January 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
supplements and disinfectants and we are expecting this contribute 
significantly in the coming years. 
With global demand for poultry products rising and our continued market 
penetration efforts were expecting to maintain momentum, we are also 
working towards launching the vaccine against the Avian Influenza in the 
coming financial year which will also significantly boost our Poultry Healthcare 
division. 
Coming to the “Petcare” division: 
Our Petcare division holds the strong growth trajectory of course with the base 
being small, but yes, we are continuing the stable growth trajectory achieving 
105% growth in Q3 and 38% in 9 months of FY25. This was driven mainly by 
our strategic focus on our key brands and keeping the seasonality in mind, 
focusing on the seasonal product demands and also working on expanding the 
newly launched Pet food range in the Petcare division. It also got launched in 
Q2 as I had mentioned in the last call. 
Veterinarian engagement and market penetration efforts have improved our 
brand visibility in the world and increased the prescription driven sales which 
is something that we want to do. While this division is still at a nascent stage, 
its growth potential remains very strong and we are committed to expanding 
our presence in the Petcare market. 
Coming on to the “Financial Performance”: 
Standalone gross margins have remained stable in Q3 FY25 and improved by 
4% in 9 months supported by a favorable product mix. EBITDA sees a decline 
by 18% in Q3 but has grown 8% in 9 months due to better absorption of fixed 
costs. PAT has declined by 31% in Q3. 
Moderator: 
Ma’am, your voice is breaking. 
Priya Gandhi: 
Should I remove this? 
Management: 
Ma'am, I think it is a line problem. It's nothing to do with our side at all. Is it 
break intermittently or it is to break right from the beginning? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. You can continue. 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
30 January 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
Priya Gandhi: 
Okay, sorry. Was I clear up until now or is there anything that I need to repeat? 
Moderator: 
Now you're clear. 
Priya Gandhi: 
Should I repeat my explanation? 
Moderator: 
You can continue, ma’am. 
Priya Gandhi: 
Okay. So, I was talking about the “Financial Performance”: 
I was saying our PAT has declined by 31% in Q3, but has grown by 3% in nine 
months, which primarily reflects our overall operational efficiency. On a 
consolidated basis, our EBITDA grew by 12% in Q3 and 15% in 9 months. 
While PAT saw significant growth in Q3 9 months, this is mainly due to 
improved operational efficiency and unrealized foreign exchange gain in our 
African subsidiary, as I just mentioned earlier. 
Talking about the performance of our “International Subsidiaries”: 
They continue to play an important role in our overall performance. Hester 
Nepal has reported a net profit of Rs. 1.87 crores in nine months, fulfilling 
export orders and domestic orders for the domestic vaccine demand. This 
subsidiary continues to remain debt-free, something also which we had 
mentioned last time and that continues to be the same. 
Coming on to “Hester Africa”: 
We have significantly reduced our losses to half, Rs. 0.57 crores in nine months 
compared to Rs. 13.5 crores in nine months in FY24. The Tanzanian shilling 
appreciation against the US dollar has resulted in an unrealized exchange gain 
on borrowing for the nine months of FY25. We are continuing to participate in 
international tenders and trade sales across the continent of Africa. Also, 
beyond Africa, in Tanzania, just last week, we did confirm our participation in 
providing the vaccine in the country also just confirmed and we have closed 
on that with the Ministry. So a little bit in this quarter, but definitely from Q1 
and next financial year, we will be very aggressively participating in the tender 
programs within Tanzania as well. 
So I think looking ahead, our focus in the coming quarters is also getting our 
bottom line steady, something which in the first two quarters was looking very 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
30 January 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
promising. However, in Q3, due to a little bit in the top line, it has sort of 
impacted the ratios a little bit. We are working on a couple of initiatives as 
mentioned in Poultry Healthcare. Our focus on our core strengths on vaccine 
efficiencies we are working on still further improving our product mix in new 
ranges in the Poultry Healthcare segment. Even with respect to our Petcare 
division, we want to further strengthen its leveraging its strong growth 
trajectory and we are committed to increasing products, committed to 
innovation in the market. Along with that, even in Animal Healthcare, yes, 
there was a dip that we have seen in Q3 though most of the reasons that I 
mentioned have been external and not really been in our hands. But at the 
same time, we do thank you for recouping and are able to balance that out. 
I thank you all for hearing me out with continued support and confidence and 
we now welcome you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press “*” and 1 on their touch-tone 
telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may 
press “*” and 2. Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a 
question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles. First question is from the line of Rushabh Shah from 
Buglerock PMS. Please go ahead. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I have a few questions. Efficiency in a vaccine 
manufacturing company is really important. So is there an agency which 
monitors this and what is your efficiency rate in the vaccine business and is 
there any competitor who is near our efficiency rate? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Efficiency you mean to say the productivity, the product costing etc. what does 
that mean or the end result in the field? 
Rushabh Shah: 
Yes, end result. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
End result in the field, vaccines are released by pharmacopoeial standards. In 
fact tendered vaccines are even tested by the government before they are 
supplied. Private companies have a robust system to monitor their health 
programs and it's a very regimental release of vaccines. So there is nothing 
which as what we say in Hindi, “unnees bees” it is what it is as per the release 
titer and that's the way vaccines are released. 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
30 January 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Rushabh Shah: 
Okay. And my next question is in business like ours, which is so (Inaudible) 
0:13:22, how difficult would it be for any company to stand against us? 
Because the difficult part is the registration part, which all companies would 
have, but what separate us from others? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
What separates Hester from others? You are asking our USP? 
Rushabh Shah: 
Yes. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
We are the only company in India that is into the full range of animal vaccines. 
If you take all other companies, they are either in poultry or they are in large 
animal. We are into full range whether it is poultry, cattle, sheep, goat, swine. 
So that is definitely a USP that we have. We have a larger excess, a bigger 
market to cover than the others. In terms of product quality, I think India is 
one of the world's biggest vaccine producers in human, of course, and now 
also in veterinary. I would say that all vaccine manufacturers have good quality 
and it is for each vaccine manufacturer to compete in the open market, the 
technical sales service, be it after sales service, allied products, etc. And we 
try our best to excel compared to our competitors. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Sir, my question was your USP. According to you your USP would be a full 
range of vaccine, correct?  
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes, broad range of vaccines. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Okay. Sir, my next question is how much of the government intervention 
bothered us like for making the vaccine or other getting approvals? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
No, there is no government. There is a regulatory process which has to be 
adhered to. If we take regulatory process as a hurdle, I don't think it would be 
appropriate. Regulatory processes are well defined. And we follow the 
regulatory process. I would not say that there are any hurdles. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Okay. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Samir Desai from Ficom 
Advisory LLP. Please go ahead. 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
30 January 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Samir Desai: 
Good afternoon sir, congratulations for the great set of numbers. Sir, I have 
two questions. What is capacity utilization for nine months? 
Priya Gandhi: 
For the 9 months period it would be approximately 70% utilization. 
Samir Desai: 
Is it average or only India you are talking about? What about other countries? 
Priya Gandhi: 
No, I am talking about India. 
Samir Desai: 
And what about others? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
For the other two, we are utilizing at the moment around 10% to 15%. In 
Nepal, it will be around 20%. In Africa, it is only 10% utilization. We have 
enough capacity. 
Samir Desai: 
Okay, so current capacity is enough for the growth for next two years or we 
are planning to have increased capacity in India? 
Priya Gandhi: 
No, it is enough. 
Samir Desai: 
Okay, and last question, any guidance for FY26 and FY27? Any guidance? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Sorry, your voice was not clear. 
Samir Desai: 
Any guidance for coming years, FY26 or FY27, guidance on revenue side or 
growth side or CAPEX side, any? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
We would want to refrain from this guidance to be honest. Yes, we have our 
budgets. We have our internal forecast. We have every single thing ready. But 
I would say that the as Priya did mention that there has been a little bit dip in 
Q3. We are sure to recover and in fact our targets are much better even 
whatever performances we have done in the last 2-3 years and that's the way 
we are taking forward and it's our clear determination to improve the bottom 
line substantially. 
Samir Desai: 
Okay, thank you sir. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from 
BugleRock PMS. Please go ahead. 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
30 January 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Himanshu Upadhyay: This product which were active in one of the ingredients Nimesulide has been 
banned. How big is the size of the product? And there are new products what 
you will be launching, will it be premium to the market and are there existing 
products in the market already which don't have this active ingredients and 
how what percentage of our business was from this product? Can you give 
some thoughts on this? In Animal Healthcare division? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes, so this product has been now banned by the government of India. And 
this ban is across for human as well as veterinary, if I'm not mistaken, because 
our focus is veterinary. So therefore, we feel. So your question is, what is the 
impact on the sales to our company? Am I right, you are asking the impact? 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Yes, the impact in the new product what will be launching, would it be…? 
Priya Gandhi: 
Yes, so the new product we will be launching we’re still working on the 
formulation and I will, unfortunately I don't have the exact details to give you 
at this point in time and in terms of a financial impact, I think 5 crores to 6 
crores is the financial impact which we are going to be registering in Q3. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: And is there a competitive product already there by some other company or 
right? 
Priya Gandhi: 
I'm sorry can you repeat that, for some reason the line today is not very clear. 
Can you repeat it? 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Yes, so my question was is there competitive, a product from competition 
already there in the market which is fulfilling this requirement or? 
Priya Gandhi: 
So mostly all our healthcare products in the AH division are not really any 
unique formulations so far. So yes, there are other products that exist and 
there have been other companies also that have been impacted with the same 
ban. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Okay. And what would be your top three priorities and how is the poultry 
market itself doing? Means are we seeing the impact of inflation which was 
there on the poultry historically? It has now faded and the farmers are able to 
price the product and feed prices are down. So some thoughts on the poultry 
market will be helpful to us. 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
30 January 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Rajiv here. The poultry industry is doing relatively better than what it had been 
doing in the last 2-3 years. Maize prices continue to dominate the total 
economy of poultry farmers. So the feed prices, etc. have become high, but 
now it has more or less become a routine for poultry farmers and there is an 
acceptance to the higher price and therefore there is a price adjustment and 
that is how the poultry industry is now performing. To repeat, it's definitely 
doing better than earlier. So that's on the poultry industry. As far as our growth 
plans are concerned, vaccines and health products, there are two streams of 
products that we as a company are looking into. One is the vaccine side and 
one are the non-vaccine products. While we continue to progress on vaccines, 
while we continue to add vaccines in newer diseases, as well as improvise 
current vaccine that we have, not in terms of performance because 
performance is anyway good in terms of internal production efficiency to 
improve our profitability. We definitely now are focusing on health products 
for all the species, poultry, cattle, sheep, goat and swine and we would want 
to add a bigger, higher topline with these products as well besides continuing 
the focus on the vaccines. Vaccines remain flagship, but under the banner of 
vaccines, we would want to increase our health products turnover 
substantially. And it should even exceed the vaccine sales in the next few years’ 
time. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: And generally, historically, what is the price rise have you been able to transfer 
in the market for poultry vaccines? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Our poultry vaccines pricing is something which is a trade business and we 
would not really want to discuss on what are the price rise in our price list etc. 
We are in the market there are competitors, we ourselves have our USP and 
we decide and it would be a very arbitrary answer to give you on a price 
increase or something of that sort. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: No, so what I was trying to understand, historically inflation which is there are 
we able to transfer the...  
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes, that is not an issue at all. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Thank you. I will join back in the queue for further questions. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Thank you. 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
30 January 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, please limit your question to 2 
per participants. Next question is from the line of Keshav Garg from Counter 
Cyclical PMS. Please go ahead. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, the results are really disappointing, and I think we have clocked the 
consolidated EBITDA of Rs. 5 crore which in my memory is the lowest in the 
past decade at least. And if we see the consolidated sales have come to only 
less than Rs. 40 lakh whereas last quarter the consolidated, the sales on 
subsidiaries was Rs. 11 crores or thereabouts. So I don't understand what 
exactly happened on a consolidated basis. Even the standalone numbers are 
weak but consolidated numbers are especially bad. So when I hope in the 
fourth quarter we can see some kind of a turnaround? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes, the financial results, the figures say it all. There is nothing different that 
we have been trying to say as what we have published and what you have 
read. The international market, especially Africa, it has been riddled with each 
of the countries with some political issue with some financial situation in each 
country etc. We have tackled and withered to all of these in the last two years. 
We see the brighter side now. Tanzania, as Priya mentioned, tenders have 
already been published, we have already been awarded tender. We are moving 
forward now to begin the supplies in the African continent. This is something 
which has happened for reasons beyond our control. And that's something 
which we are still battling. And we will battle. Not that we will not battle. But 
it's just that we need one small window, because our margins are good. Our 
capacities are very high. There are no other expenses that we will have to put 
in. So to answer your question, yes, there has been a turmoil, a little bit of a 
downside in this. But we are looking ahead to a much, much bigger scale, 
especially from the African continent. And not just African continent, even in 
Ethiopia, we are very confident that we will be pushing things forward. If you 
really go to see the second and the third quarters, even on the animal side, 
there are always dips in the second and the third quarter in terms of size. We 
are going through this and we rest assured at least the African business will 
give a very big leap in the next two quarters, which will change the complete 
complexion of our consolidated balance sheet further. 
Keshav Garg: 
Great sir. I hope the performance of the company improves and best of luck 
to you and your team. Thank you. 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
30 January 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Nice of you to wish and be rest assured we are working on it, we are 
determined and we now definitely see things improve it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Rushabh Shah 
from BugleRock PMS. Please go ahead. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So, whenever we enter new markets like Africa, 
you do your you do your R&D. What could go wrong in those research and 
development things because we are having so much registration delays in 
Africa? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
So your first line was not audible. Can you repeat the first line please? 
Rushabh Shah: 
So whenever we enter new markets like Africa, so you must have done your 
own research in development out there. So like what could go wrong to enter 
in these new markets because we are having so much so many registration 
delays in Africa? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes, see the registration delay, it is a constant factor for all, whether it is Hester 
Biosciences or anyway, but at the moment we are not even battling for 
registration delays, actually the issue is that the vendors that would come they 
have come. There is no registration issue that at this point of time we are 
battling to be very honest. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Why did you choose Africa as a country for expansion purposes? What was 
your thought process behind it? And… 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Somebody is talking behind, we are getting different voices also I do not know 
if everybody else could put it on mute because there is too much of 
disturbance. Anyway, please carry on with your question. 
Rushabh Shah: 
My question was why did you choose Africa as a country for expansion 
purposes? What was your thought process behind it and what are your 
thoughts on Latin America? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Okay, why we chose Africa? This is something which is now a five-year-old 
issue. Africa is a growing continent in terms of economics and that's something 
and health care, the sister, the opportunities are immense. And in fact to tell 
you Hester Biosciences is the biggest pharma investor in the country in 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
30 January 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Tanzania as on today. We see Africa as a very fast growing continent. Now, 
when things grow, it does not mean that everything grows at the same pace. 
There are different growth parameters for every industry. So would be even 
for our vaccines, Animal Health products, etc. But in the long term, that is the 
place where we feel we should be and that is why we have chosen the African 
continent. Why not South? Okay, another reason for Africa, nearness to India, 
it's just 5-6 hours flight away from India, etc. Why not South America? Our 
own knowledge as Hester Biosciences is, is very limited on South America. We 
have done surveys but still our ability to gather information of that continent 
has not been very good. It's too far away to reach to the nearest city in South 
America. it would take approximately 24 hours, or if not 24 hours, at least 
between 18 and 24 hours to reach the nearest city and then go further another 
5-7 hours etc. It is not within our thought process to actually look at South 
America as a market. There are inquiries and we are willing to export to South 
America but it is not in our radar to do any manufacturing activity there. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Sir, since you are on Geographic expansion, one of the annual reports you 
have written that North America is the largest market for Animal Health care. 
So what is your long-term vision? Is it to enter North American market? Are 
you thinking about it? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
No, our vision, if you look at the American market, it is more pet centric. The 
pet business is the biggest. We have started our pet division in India and we 
will now grow it. Our focus right now is on production animals. Production 
animals means those animals which are reared by human beings to derive a 
source of income. We are addressing this market in growing economies. It is 
the production animals which are more relevant rather than the pets and 
therefore our focus at the moment internationally is production animals but in 
pets we have started the business and we are growing that business 
organically first in India and then we will look into it and improve it further. 
Rushabh Shah: 
My last question is when you apply for registration, how much time and how 
much money does it take for the process to get the final approval in Africa? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Different countries have different timelines. Different countries have different 
costs for registration. So it's nothing one specific thing. At an average, it would 
take between 6 months to 2 years for registration. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Thank you so much. I will get back in the queue. 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
30 January 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Utsav Adani from Oaklane 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Utsav Adani: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I wanted to understand the market size for 
Avian influenza vaccine and which geographies do you plan to cater to? Also, 
are there any existing players in these geographies for Avian influenza 
vaccines? 
Priya Gandhi: 
The market for Avian influenza in India is approximately 100 crores. Right now 
we are focusing on the domestic only. We are still working on the development 
and release of the vaccine which will happen in the coming financial year and 
right now our focus continues to be the domestic market and there are also 
some inquiries for us to export it in certain countries mainly Middle East and 
Africa and that's going to be our focus. In terms of competition, yes, there are 
some multinational companies. The government will start (Inaudible) 35.48. 
We do have some competition but we are very confident on our quality given 
that Poultry Vaccines is our strength. So I think we are reasonably confident 
to take a reasonable share half-pie of the higher market demand. 
Utsav Adani: 
My second question is about the government of India is allocated close to $2 
billion for various vaccination programs in PPR, classical swine fever under 
National Animal Disease Control Program. So how has been the tendering 
activity across different programs in India? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
We as a company are at the moment supplying the PPR vaccine via the 
government tenders towards the national eradication program. There are other 
companies supplying other vaccines. Of course, we are also supplying the goat 
pox vaccine for the immunization against lumpy skin disease in cattle. I would 
say that the government tendering process is very straightforward, clear and 
transparent. And the main (Inaudible) 0:36:57 and the government checks 
every batch that is supplied under their purchases and supplies are made all 
across the country. It's a well-defined good process. 
Utsav Adani: 
Right. Do you expect the tendering activity to go up or it will stay at the levels 
where it is? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
No, it will continue the way the tenders are. It will continue. In fact, you see, 
there is an x amount of population that needs to be vaccinated. If the 
government is more or less covering around 70% to 80%, what we could say 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
30 January 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
safely is that the similar quantities or with a 10% increase as the population 
of those species increase, it can go on. But government doing a very good job 
as far as PPR and goat pox is concerned, majority of the animals are covered. 
So the number of doses required would more or less be the same or a little 
higher in subsequent years. 
Utsav Adani: 
Got it. So there have not been material delays for vaccines that you are 
supplying? It might be for others, but… 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
No, not at all. Nothing. Zero delays. 
Utsav Adani: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that’s the last question for 
today's call. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management 
for closing comments. 
Priya Gandhi: 
Thank you all for joining the call today and hearing us out. Yes, we take full 
responsibility and are mindful of the fact that the numbers this quarter has not 
been very encouraging. You are not to look at on a piece of paper, but at the 
same time our commitment to not make this disappointing last remains as 
strong with many quantitative as well as qualitative efforts that we are trying 
to make. A few years ago, we were having a similar discussion with respect to 
the poultry division, which was seeing a downturn because of the market 
dynamics. These are cyclic things, sometimes impact the business. However, 
if you all can see, we've recouped our performance in the poultry industry. In 
fact, this year, we are seeing, even in the last quarter, there is a similar growth. 
Yes, Animal Health is a little bit concerning in the last quarter, mainly for 
external… We are still continuing to work internally to recover all these gaps. 
And Petcare, as mentioned, the scope is huge. Our base is small, yes, but the 
scope is huge and we are trying to catch. A lot of promises that we make 
sometimes may seem a little slow because they also are a little bit long-term 
in nature, so they take some time. But all I can say is that we are at it and we 
thank you all for your support and confidence. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
