 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: Apollo Tyres Ltd. 3rd Floor, Areekal Mansion, Panampilly Nagar, Kochi 682036, India 
CIN: L25111KL1972PLC002449, Tel No. + 91 484 4012046, Fax No. +91 484 4012048, Email:info.apollo@apollotyres.com 
 
ATL/ SEC/21  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
February 14, 2025 
The Secretary,  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
The Secretary,  
BSE Ltd.  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/ Investor Conference Call 
  
Dear Sirs,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) and 46(2) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that a Conference Call for the analysts and 
investors to discuss the financial and operational performance of the Company for Q3 FY25 was held 
on February 7, 2025. 
 
Please find attached herewith the transcript of the aforesaid call. The same has also been placed on 
the website of the Company https://corporate.apollotyres.com/investors/ir-updates/ 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Apollo Tyres Ltd.  
 
 
 
(Seema Thapar) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
 
SEEMA 
THAPAR
Digitally signed by 
SEEMA THAPAR 
Date: 2025.02.14 
11:18:05 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 14 
 
Apollo Tyres Limited  
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
February 7, 2025 
 
 
 
Mihir Vora: 
Hi, good afternoon, everyone. This is Mihir Vora on behalf of 
Equirus Securities. I welcome you all to the 3Q FY25 earnings 
call of Apollo Tyres. We have with us today Mr. Neeraj 
Kanwar, Managing Director and Vice Chairman of Apollo 
Tyres; Mr. Gaurav Kumar, Chief Financial Officer and the IR 
team. 
 
So, as always, we'll start the call with brief opening remarks 
from the Management, followed by a Q&A session. 
 
With that, over to you, Mr. Kanwar. Thank you. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Good afternoon, and a very warm welcome to all of you to join 
the Apollo Q3 FY25 post results conference call. As normal 
practice, I'll say my opening remarks, and then pass it on to 
Gaurav. 
 
First of all, despite growing growth challenges and elevated 
level of raw material costs, we closed Q3 FY25 with 
consolidated top line growth of 8% quarter-on-quarter and 5% 
YoY. Helped by cost control, consolidated margins stood at 
13.7%, broadly similar to last quarter despite raw material cost 
pressure. On the positive side, we are seeing green shoots as 
we go ahead. We expect our operating performance to 
improve going forward on the back of, (a) recovery in the 
overall demand momentum, secondly, initiatives being taken 
internally to significantly uplift profitability, and lastly, due to 
reduced RM inflation. 
 
Coming to regional performance, I'm happy to share that 
despite challenging environment, we outgrew the industry and 
domestic PCR and agri replacement segments resulting in 
market share gains in the quarter. However, the domestic 
growth was partially negated by marginal decline in OEM 
segment. 
 
Coming to Europe, I'm happy to share that we registered a 
positive growth in topline, helped by a 7% growth in 
replacement 
segment 
revenues. 
More 
importantly, 
we 
registered more than 400 basis points improvement in our 
product mix with UUHP segment accounting for 48% of PCLT 
replacement volumes in the quarter. Earlier it was 43%. In 
terms of outlook, we expect recovery in operating performance 

 
Page 2 of 14 
 
helped by higher topline momentum across both India and 
Europe. 
 
Growth in India is expected to be driven by replacement 
segment where we are seeing further demand momentum in 
the current quarter. Similarly, in Europe also we expect healthy 
top-line momentum driven by market growth and new product 
launches. 
 
Let me now talk about our key pillars for our FY26 vision. 
Starting with R&D, we continue to secure additional model 
wins from marquee German PV manufacturers, thereby 
revalidating our product capabilities. Coming to brands, the 
teams are working to further strengthen and reinforce our 
premiumization. In India, current quarter marked our entry into 
the Asia Book of Records and India Book of Records for the 
longest road journey by a pickup truck on a single set of tyres 
of EnduMaxx LT HD. We also launched Vredestein sleeve 
sponsorship with AS Monaco in Europe. Allopenus, a very 
well-known French retail -- online retailer, awarded the 
Vredestein Wintrac tyre as the most recommended winter tyre 
in their portfolio. 
 
Finally, sustainability has always been a key pillar for us. 
During the quarter, our AP plant received a zero-liquid 
discharge 
certification, 
highlighting 
our 
commitment 
to 
recycling water waste and reducing reliance on fresh water. 
Also, during the quarter, we were recognized across several 
forums for our continued work in the area of sustainability. I 
would encourage you all to get in touch with the IR teams for 
more details on sustainability. 
 
With this, I conclude my opening remarks. Let me reiterate 
that, as always, we are keeping a close watch on the markets 
and our costs. At Apollo Tyres, we are working relentlessly to 
prepare for what lies ahead, and I believe that we are 
extremely well placed to leverage long-term opportunity across 
our key markets. 
 
Thank you once again, and I ask Gaurav now to say his 
remarks. Thank you. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Neeraj, and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. 
Continuing from where Neeraj left, let me share some further 
details of the operations for the last quarter. The consolidated 
revenue for the quarter stood at INR 69.3 billion, a growth of 
5% over the same quarter last year, but 8% sequentially, which 
indicates a certain pickup in momentum. The consolidated 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 9.5 billion, a margin of 

 
Page 3 of 14 
 
13.7% compared to 13.6% in the last quarter. We've 
maintained the margins inspite of the cost pressures, though 
nowhere near the levels of previous year given the steep raw 
material cost pressure. 
 
Coming to the balance sheet, we saw about INR 4.5 billion 
reduction in net debt as of December 2024, compared to end 
of previous quarter. The net debt to EBITDA for the 
consolidated operations is at 0.7x at the end of this quarter, 
pretty much flattish compared to where we started the year. In 
India, we witnessed that the overall volume growth was 
marginal, where the good growth in the replacement volumes 
was negated by the decline in the OE volumes. We registered 
strong growth in both TBR and PCR replacement segment, the 
two core segments. However, the other areas sort of pulled it 
down to this marginal growth. The revenue for the quarter was 
INR 45.4 billion, a growth of 5% over the same quarter last 
year, and EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 5 billion, a 
margin of 11.1% compared to 12.1% in the last quarter. In 
terms of the demand outlook, we expect the replacement 
demand momentum to continue to be healthy in Q4. And, in 
fact, we are seeing signs of a further strong pickup even 
beyond the current levels. 
 
Moving to the RM outlook, we expect the RM cost to be range 
bound in Q4, almost around similar levels as Q3, which 
indicates a certain plateauing out. The net debt to EBITDA for 
India operations stood at 1.4x, vis-à-vis 1.1x in the previous 
quarter. 
 
Moving on to the Europe operations, the revenue for the 
quarter was EUR 181 million, a growth of 3% over the same 
period last year, and up 6% sequentially, which is seasonally a 
good quarter for the European operations. The EBITDA for the 
quarter stood at EUR 32 million, with an EBITDA margin of 
17.7% compared to under 15% for the last quarter. In terms of 
outlook, we expect the demand to continue to recover going 
forward. We are seeing good market growth trends, especially 
for the passenger car tyre segment, and we'll continue to focus 
to outgrow the market. We continue to keenly monitor our 
Capex outflow, and focus on profitability, free cash flow 
generation, and improvement in our return ratios. 
 
With this, I will conclude my opening remarks. Thank you, and 
we will be happy to take your questions. 
 
 
 
 

 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Questions-and-Answers Session 
 
Mihir Vora: 
Thanks, Gaurav. We will now open the floor for Q&A session. 
Anyone who wishes to ask a question can please use the raise 
hand option. Once you are done asking your question, please 
lower your hand. We'll wait for a couple of seconds for the 
question queue to assemble. First question is from the line of 
Amyn Pirani. Amyn, I've unmuted. You can go ahead. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Yes, hi. Am I audible? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes, Amyn. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Actually, my first question 
was on the interest costs. We have seen balance sheet 
deleveraging for a while now, and especially in this quarter, but 
on a consolidated basis, interest cost is still remaining in that 
stable range. In fact, in the standalone, the interest costs have 
actually moved up quarter-on-quarter. So, is there anything 
that we should be mindful of? And when do we see the interest 
cost number actually trending down? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, Amyn, you're right. The India interest cost has gone up 
mainly on account of working capital borrowings, which is 
largely a combination of the profitability challenges and a 
slightly weaker market, and the Europe interest cost has come 
down. Moving up on the working capital borrowings, etc., is 
fairly a temporary measure. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. Okay. So, this reduction in debt should start reflecting in 
the interest cost number in the coming quarters. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. Okay. And secondly, you also mentioned that RM 
should be range-bound in 3Q versus 2Q. So, how should we 
interpret it? Because I'm guessing that some price hikes have 
happened and maybe more are planned or not, I would love to 
hear from you. So, if RM is flattish, then should gross margin 
actually improve quarter-on-quarter because of the impact of 
price hikes, or how should we think about that? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Amyn, just one correction, the RM Q3 versus Q2 still went up 
slightly. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Sorry, I meant -- I think, I actually meant Q4, sorry. 
 

 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Q4 to Q3, it is, we expect it to be flattish, and to that extent, 
some rollover impact of price increases should play a little bit 
into the gross margins. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. And anything on price hikes recently done or planned 
that you would want to call out?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Currently, given the market situation, etc., and the overall 
scenario, absolute near-term, no price increases planned. We'll 
continue to assess that situation and then take a call. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. Thank you. I'll come back in the Q&A. 
 
Mihir Vora: 
Reminder to the participants: anyone who wishes to ask a 
question, please use the raise-your-hand option. And the next 
question is from the line of Siddhartha Bera. Siddhartha, you 
may now ask your question. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity, sir. Sir, first question on the 
India business, possible to highlight, at an overall level, what is 
the volume growth across replacement, OE, and exports? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes, 
Siddhartha. 
So, 
the 
volume 
growth 
overall 
for 
replacement this quarter was 5%, and OE was almost minus 
10%. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
And, sir, exports? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Exports was flattish. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Okay. Okay. So, on replacement, we do expect further 
improvement in the momentum like you initially commented in 
your opening remarks. Is that the right understanding? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes, that's correct. What we have seen in the first month of the 
current quarter, we are seeing stronger signs, and even 
through the last few quarters, the TBR replacement, passenger 
car, and even farm has been showing good signs. We expect 
this growth to further improve as we go forward. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it. Sir, on the export side, we had been seeing very strong 
numbers in the first half, but suddenly we have seen a very 
soft growth, while if I look at other peers' data, generally I see 
that the growth has been good. So, anything here, why has the 
growth been suddenly slowing down for us, and are there any 
initiatives we are taking to sort of improve that in the coming 
years? 
 

 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, Siddhartha, one is the particular segments or the markets 
where we were addressing in product categories. There, the 
demand has been big. In some cases, it's also been impacted 
by the strong fluctuations in the logistics cost or the freight 
cost, in which, in some cases, it did not make sense to push 
business aggressively. But you are correct; some of our peers 
have done better than us in their exports vis-à-vis us on our 
growth, and we are looking into that. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
So, going ahead, sir, any new markets like the US or any new 
markets we are thinking of adding or growing our network and 
volumes there? 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Should I do that? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
So, clearly, Siddhartha, we are looking at the US as our next 
growth market, and you'll see, we will be growing slow and 
steady. As I mentioned, PCR Vredestein is doing good in the 
US market. Apollo TBR has also started growing. So, the US is 
a clear growth market. The next market that we are also 
looking at is the Middle East, specifically in Saudi Arabia. Like 
you know, India and Europe continue to be our domestic 
markets, so these are the two key areas that we are looking at. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it. On the financials, there are some housekeeping 
questions. Can you share, for the last nine months, what would 
have been the Capex and FCF, because I see that it's only 
mentioned for the first half in the presentation? So, if you can 
share that number, as well as the gross debt, also at a 
standalone and consol level. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Siddhartha, the Capex number for India for the first nine 
months is INR 350 crores. The gross debt number is INR 
3,200 crores for India. At a consol level, the total Capex for the 
nine months is about INR 500 crores, and the gross debt 
number is about INR 3,500 crores. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Okay. So, does that mean that we still hold on to our INR 
1,000 crore Capex for this year or given the spends, there can 
be some moderation there? How to think about that? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
There would probably be some moderation. It is highly unlikely 
that we'll spend INR 500 crores in the last quarter. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Okay. Okay. So, maybe close to INR 700 crores or INR 800 
crores for the full year might be the right assumption? 
 

 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Should be a probably more reasonable assumption. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Okay. And next year, should we again continue to expect 
similar, INR 1,000 crores of Capex, or how should we look at 
the coming years? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Next year, the Capex number will increase. We are extremely 
tight on passenger car tyre capacity, as we have been talking 
to you people, and we have initiated small Capex. The exact 
numbers will get frozen in terms of cash outflow in the next 
month or so, but the Capex number for the next year would 
have a certain amount of growth Capex over and above the 
maintenance Capex. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Understood. Understood. Sir, lastly, I think if I look at the 
Reifencom numbers, if you can share those for the quarter? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
For the quarter, the Reifencom operations did EUR 88 million 
in revenue, with a 7% plus in EBITDA margin. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Okay. Understood. Thanks a lot, sir. I'll come back to you. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Siddhartha. 
 
Mihir Vora: 
The next question is from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha. 
You have been unmuted and can go ahead. Mumuksh, you 
can go ahead. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Yeah, sorry. Thanks for the opportunity, sir. Firstly, on the India 
standalone numbers, q-o-q gross margin have contracted in 
Q3 quarter almost like 300 bps. Just can you explain what has 
happened to the gross margin here? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Mumuksh, some part of it is due to the inventory getting 
consumed, and that's how it gets treated from an accounting 
perspective. And the IR team can walk you through it in detail, 
because what happens is that if the previous quarter of raw 
material consumption goes into inventory, there is a higher 
than just the raw material cost reduction on the raw material 
charge that is taken, which reduces the gross margin in the 
previous quarter and results in a slight increase in the following 
quarter. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Okay, so the next quarter, once it normalizes, that number can 
change, right? The 300 bps itself? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes, I would not have a normalized number immediately at 
hand, but yes, there is some impact of the inventory 
consumption in that. 

 
Page 8 of 14 
 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it, got it. Secondly, on the Europe demand outlook for next 
year, how do you see? There's a good pickup happening last 
few quarters. Do you see the momentum to continue? And just 
on the outlook for Europe? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Europe, in fact, for the last quarter or so, and even going into 
the current quarter, the demand on both the passenger car and 
truck tyres replacement is very strong. As of now, no signs as 
to why that growth should taper off, and the good thing for 
generally tyre makers, even for us, is that within that, the UHP 
and the UUHP segment is growing even faster. So the mix 
continues to improve. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it, sir. And just lastly, can you help us the RM basket for 
the Q3 quarter, sir? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Sure. So for the current year, Q3, the RM was roughly about 
INR 175 a kg, up 15% vis-à-vis the same quarter last year, but 
sequentially up 2%. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
And can you give the natural rubber and other sub-component 
prices? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Natural rubber was around INR 215 a kg, synthetic rubber at 
INR 195, and carbon black at INR 120 rupees a kg. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much for this opportunity. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Mumuksh. 
 
Mihir Vora: 
A reminder to the participants, please use your ‘Raise your 
hand’ function for the questions. We have our next question 
from Jinesh Gandhi. Jinesh, your line has been unmuted. You 
can go ahead. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Yeah, hi. Am I audible? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes, Jinesh. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Yeah, hi. Just one question from my side on the India 
business, we have been relooking at our strategy of margin 
over market share. We still continue to underperform some of 
our peers who have reported so far on the revenue side. Any 
update on that side about how are we thinking about our 
market share versus margins now? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Jinesh, it's not just a clear black and white in terms of either/or. 
It has to be chosen as a prudent strategy of market share or 

 
Page 9 of 14 
 
growth vis-à-vis margins. The priority to profitability margins 
will continue to be there, and yes, a couple of our peers have 
definitely done better than us. But if you see sequentially vis-à-
vis Q2 to Q3, our numbers are coming in line with some of our 
peers and ahead of some of our peers, so we are addressing 
that issue in terms of not lagging behind on growth either. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Okay, got it. So incrementally, clearly there is a tilt towards 
growth as well. That would be a fair way to look at it. Great. 
Thanks and all the best. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you. 
 
Mihir Vora: 
We have a next question from the line of Amar Kant Gaur. 
Amar, you can go ahead. 
 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
Yeah, hi, thanks for taking my questions. Good afternoon to 
you both. My question was similar to what Jinesh was talking 
about. I mean, in the last couple of calls you had at least talked 
about the peers having a higher growth than us and going 
back to the drawing board and figuring out what the reason for 
those have been. If there's something that probably you could 
highlight in terms of where that work needs to be done and 
where you guys are working upon, if you could shed some light 
on that? 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Gaurav, let me take that. So, we're looking at both the product 
categories, primarily truck bus radial, and PCR. Primarily in 
India, to give you an example, we are trying to vacate the 12-
inch, 13-inch market, especially with the OEMs, and then going 
up-sizing of 14, 15, 16, 17, which is where more profitability is 
concerned. Volume is less, but profitability is there. So it's a 
journey, it takes time, because you need to -- the whole idea is 
to go more premium, and therefore, you've seen our balance 
sheet ratios become much better. And partly, it was because of 
all this exercise that we are doing. So now, we just have to 
wait and see. The volume will start coming. As Gaurav has 
already mentioned to you, if you see quarter-on-quarter, then 
already we are above the growth curve of our competitive 
peers. At the same time, we are keeping at the EBITDA margin 
that we have kept for the past two to three quarters. So it will 
take time, but you will see, again, signs of growth in Q4, and 
then next year will be much better than this year. 
 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
Understood. And my second question was on the other 
expenses, which have declined quite a bit sequentially. I'm 
sure there's a component of certain costs that you have 
rationalized. If you could identify some of them, and how 
should we think about these other expenses going ahead? 

 
Page 10 of 14 
 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So some bit of it, Amar, is immediately cutting down on A&P 
and some of the easy administrative expenses, which was 
coming down hard given the overall cost pressures. I would 
say the prior levels are more normalized levels, and one would 
tend towards that. 
 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
Understood. So, maybe around INR 800 crores odd that you 
were doing as a percentage of revenue would be similar going 
ahead? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yeah, and we expect it to come down with growth in revenue, 
if not increase in the same proportion. 
 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
Understood. And just a clarification, so you had talked about 
the RM costs remaining around the similar level to Q4. You 
were talking about the procurement cost, right? Because of the 
higher inventory level, the absolute gross margin could still 
trend lower in the next quarter. Is that understanding correct? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yeah, so the inventory part would play into effect, but yes, the 
procurement cost is beginning to plateau out. 
 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
Understood. Thank you so much. All the best. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you. 
 
Mihir Vora: 
Next question is from the line of Mukesh Saraf. Mukesh sir, 
you have been unmuted, and you can go ahead. 
 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Yeah, hi. Thanks. I hope I'm audible. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes, Mukesh. 
 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Yeah, so my question is on the demand environment. Like, you 
have mentioned that you expect volume to kind of improve a 
bit on the domestic business, and so this is particularly looking 
at the commercial vehicle space, given we have seen some 
kind of weakness on the OEM demand in CVs. In your 
experience, do you also kind of see this percolating to the 
aftermarket because, obviously, fleet operators aren't buying 
new trucks, so they're seeing probably a lack of visibility on 
freight demand, and that would eventually probably trickle 
down to the aftermarket as well for you. So, in your 
experience, how have you seen this lead-lag between 
aftermarket OEM, and is also especially the question is 
because I have seen some of the fleet operators, the listed 
ones as well, the transportation companies, they're talking 

 
Page 11 of 14 
 
about not being able to kind of increase freight rates. So, all of 
this put together, how do you see this scenario? 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Well, I think in Quarter 4 we see CV coming back, specifically 
for us, even though we are leaders there, we see the TBR, CV 
going up this quarter. And, primarily now this year has been a 
little bit volatile in terms of elections, and when elections are 
there, people are back to cash purchases. Now, all of that is 
put aside, I hope, and so we see the economy coming back, 
and we see -- once the economy comes back, the first thing 
that goes is CV. CV will start going up, and now we are getting 
into season, generally... 
 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Right, so expecting OEMs as well to improve. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Yeah, yeah, OE is also showing signs of recovery, and PCR is 
-- passenger car is also showing signs of recovery. Now, 
you're getting into a season of February, March, April, May, 
June. So, hopefully the season will pick up and both the 
product categories of vehicles will start picking up. Okay, 
Mukesh? Then we are done here. Please go on. 
 
Mihir Vora: 
He dropped. So, I'll take the next question. Next question is 
from the line of Mumuksh. Mumuksh, you can go ahead. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Yeah, hi, sir. Just a follow-up. Since RM basket prices are 
around INR 215 per kg, now, natural rubber and the current 
price is around INR 190 in the natural rubber prices, just want 
to understand will there be any benefits seen, say, in the Q1 
quarter with the lower natural rubber prices? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Marginal only, Mumuksh, because what you are saying on the 
natural rubber then the entire freight cost, etc., gets added. So, 
the prices that I gave is our consumption price, not the basic 
price what you would be seeing. So, natural rubber has only 
slightly tapered off. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Okay. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Not much. So, that's why the Q4 outlook is flattish vis-à-vis Q3 
on the raw materials front. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Understood, sir. Thank you so much for this. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Mumuksh. 
 
Mihir Vora: 
So, I guess we are -- so we have a question from Basudeb 
Banerjee, and Basudeb, you can go ahead. 
 

 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Hi, Gaurav. As you... 
 
Mihir Vora: 
He has dropped. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Am I audible? 
 
Mihir Vora: 
Yeah, go ahead, Basudeb. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Yeah, yeah, so PCR, as you said high utilisation, so capex will 
be for that next year. So, what's the utilisation level of TBR 
now on an annualised basis, not just quarterly? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
TBR is around 80%, Basudeb, so we have sufficient 
headroom. But PCR, currently in India, we are high 80% and, 
in fact, in Europe, in the 90%. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
So, still, I'll say a consolidated capex of INR 1,200 crores - INR 
1,300 crores for FY27 would be fine or can it overshoot that? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
For FY26, I would say.... 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
FY26, yeah, sorry, FY26. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, if we take a normal maintenance Capex around INR 700 
crores - INR 750 crores mark that we talked about earlier, on 
top of that, very much at the top of the numbers, maybe add 
around INR 800 crores more. I still don't have the firm figures, 
but ballpark. And we will come back to all of you with a more 
firm guidance. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And that would add to the PCR overall capacity by how much, 
India capacity? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
India, it would add about 7% - 8%, Europe, slightly more. So, 
overall we are looking at capacity addition just about 10% or a 
little less. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And Europe it will be through Hungary? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
That's correct, we don't need any greenfield. We have enough 
brownfield. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And any update on the Netherlands gross block, what's 
happening, what's the plan down the line? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Right now, that continues at its current capacity level. Large 
parts of the passenger car tyre sourcing is from Hungary and 
small bits from India and small from the Dutch plant. 
 

 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And last question, what part of natural rubber now is currently 
imported as such? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Let me see if I have the immediate figure. Broadly, it used to 
be about 50–50. I don't have an immediate figure, Basudeb. 
We can get back to you. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Sure, so basically, rupee weakening plus logistics cost, so all 
those things combinedly might be impacting in that way. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
That's correct. That's correct. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Okay. Thanks. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Basudeb. 
 
Mihir Vora: 
We have our next question from Rohit Jain. Rohit, you may go 
ahead. 
 
Rohit Jain: 
Hello. Can you hear me, sir? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes, Rohit. 
 
Rohit Jain: 
Yeah. So, just to confirm on the gross margin piece of it, so the 
high-cost inventory, is that portion has been consumed or do 
we expect it to be consumed by the end of Q4? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Some bit of it has been consumed. There is still some 
inventory, but not at unusual levels currently in India. 
 
Rohit Jain: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you. 
 
Mihir Vora: 
So, I have one question, sir. So, basically, you mentioned that 
there are no – there would be minimal price hikes going ahead 
in fourth quarter. Are we doing this because of a competitive 
intensity or is it that RM costs are covered to an extent? So, 
what is your lookout on the price hike? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
It is largely because of the overall industry scenario, 
competitive intensity. Otherwise, these are not the margins that 
we are happy with. We would definitely want to up the margins 
and we would keep looking at avenues to do that as we go 
forward. 
 
Mihir Vora: 
And, secondly, on the crude derivatives part, do we expect 
fourth quarter to be sort of softening for crude derivatives? 
 

 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
I don't have an outlook for each raw material, but overall, as I 
said, flattish. So, some bit of it coming down on natural rubber 
would then be negated by some bit of it up on the crude side. 
So, the rupee devaluation doesn't really work in our favor on 
the raw material basket. 
 
Mihir Vora: 
All right. So, that's all from my side and there are no further 
questions. I would now like to hand it over back to Neeraj sir, 
for closing comments. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
I'd like to thank each one of you for coming and attending our 
conference and look forward to seeing you next quarter. Thank 
you. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you. 
