               
 
 
                                                                                          Communication Address: 
                                                                                                                     Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
                                                                                         2nd Floor, Admin Block                            
27, Vandaloor Kelambakkam  Road, 
                                                                                                                   Keelakottaiyur Village, Melakottaiyur (Post) 
Chennai – 600 127, India 
Tel : +91 44 43446700  
Fax : +91 44 47406190 
E-mail : investors@solara.co.in 
www.solara.co.in 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited - CIN : L24230MH2017PLC291636 
REGD. OFF: 201, Devavrata, Sector 17, Vashi Navi Mumbai - 400703. India/ Tel: 91-22-2789 2924 / 2789 3199 / Fax: 91-22-2789 2942 
 
January 31, 2025 
The BSE Limited 
 
 
     The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
                   Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001                    Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 541540, 890202 
 
     Scrip Code: SOLARA, SOLARAPP 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended December 31, 2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended December 31, 
2024, conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on January 24, 2025, for your information 
and records. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of Company at: https://solara.co.in/investor-
relations/investor-update  
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
S. Murali Krishna  
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
SUDDAPALLI 
MURALIKRISHNA
Digitally signed by SUDDAPALLI 
MURALIKRISHNA 
Date: 2025.01.31 13:10:58 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited Q3 FY ’25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
January 24, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ARUN KUMAR – FOUNDER & NON-EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR, SOLARA ACTIVE PHARMA SCIENCES LIMITED 
MR. POORVANK ROHIT – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, SOLARA ACTIVE PHARMA SCIENCES 
LIMITED 
MR. ARUN KUMAR BASKARAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, SOLARA ACTIVE PHARMA SCIENCES LIMITED 
MR. ABHISHEK SINGHAL – INVESTOR RELATIONS, SOLARA 
ACTIVE PHARMA SCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 

 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
January 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited Q3 
FY ‘25 Earnings Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on your touch tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Singhal. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
Thank you. A very good afternoon to all of you and thank you for joining us today for Solora 
Active Pharma Science’s earnings conference call for the third quarter and nine months ended 
financial year 2025.  
Today we have with us, Arun – Solara's Founder; Poorvank Purohit – CEO; and Arun Kumar 
Baskaran – CFO, to share the highlights of the “Business and Financial Quarter”. 
I hope you have gone through our Results Release and the Quarterly Investor Presentation which 
have been uploaded on our Website as well as the Stock Exchange website. The transcript for 
this call will be available in a week’s time on the Company’s website. 
Please note that today's discussion will be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in 
relations with risks pertaining to our business. After the end of this call, in case you have any 
further questions, please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relation team. 
I now hand over the call to Arun to make his opening. remarks. 
Arun Kumar: 
Thank you, Abhishek, appreciate it. Thank you all for joining us today. 
So, let me start by saying that it has been a very disappointing quarter in terms of our revenue 
performance, and this is mainly a design situation that we have been confronted with increased 
pricing competition on our portfolio of profitable range of products.  
We have been taking conscious decisions, as you would notice, over several quarters, to be 
focused on operating leverage, higher and improved margins and discipline of the balance sheet. 
I think we have come a long way in several of those key metrics. But we decided not to accept 
price challenges on our products that would be detrimental for our business on a long-term basis.  
Consequently, it's very rare that we revise our guidance downwards. We have, this time in the 
case of Solara, revised the guidance downwards in the revenue standpoint. But I am also at the 
same time pleased to confirm that our margins are actually trending ahead, our Q3 margins are 
trending significantly ahead of our H1 numbers in terms of an average percentage point. And we 
will see growth coming back to business in a more disciplined and organized manner.  

 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
January 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
I am also pleased with the gross margin expansion of 500 basis points and that is a good start 
point for us to build a business from there. All of this obviously results in improved free cash 
generation, resulting in reduced debt. And while the revenue guidance downwards is 
disappointing, we are not changing the EBITDA guidance previously provided at Rs. 230 crores 
to Rs. 260 crores.  
And we expect Q4 is typically a high quarter for the pharma API industry, we expect that to be 
the case for Solara too. While we have obviously reduced our revenue guidance, we had to adjust 
our EBITDA guidance by about Rs. 10 crores for the quarter of Q4. But the EBITDA for the 
entire year, which was guided earlier, will be maintained. Representing quite nicely on the debt 
to EBITDA times that we have guided, and we will continue to improve on this. 
A major decision we have taken is obviously to give focus to our CRAMS business, it's been 
suboptimal, if I may say, over the last two to three years. And it requires a very different approach 
to build value and also capabilities. And as most of you know, we have been mothballing our 
Vizag facility for a long period of time, although it's been FDA approved. We have invested 
significant amounts of capital there. And the carve-out of the CRAMS business will be beneficial 
to shareholders.  
Albeit the size of the business is small, today at Rs. 120 crores, but gross margins and EBITDA 
will trend around significantly higher than the Company average and should be more than 25% 
to 30% range. But we do acknowledge that this business is very suboptimal at this stage. But 
given the infrastructure that we have in Vizag, which is one of the largest sites in the API sector. 
And having two consecutive Zero 483 inspections, we think that we are well poised to have 
significant capabilities built out of Vizag, away from the catalog generic business.  
And at the same time, pushing down about Rs. 200 crores of debt into the new CRAMS business 
and also funding it separately as and when it's required. It just gives the ability for the Solara’s 
retain business to be significantly asset balance sheet, I mean, a lighter balance sheet. And will 
deliver significant outcomes in terms of financial key ratios.  
Consequent to all of this successfully getting completed and obviously subject to shareholder 
approvals and other regulatory approvals, which would take upwards of between 12 and 15 
months. We believe that the debt to EBITDA in Solara will be closer to the one time range, which 
is in a very healthy position for us to then grow the business.  
The carving out of the Vizag facility will not impact on our capacity for the next at least 
foreseeable two to three years, in our core catalog business, as we currently operate the business 
at around 65% capacity utilization. Even though we have made significant cost improvement 
strategies, our OPEX and under recovery continues to be a challenge in this business. And 
therefore, rather than adding significant new under recoveries by kick starting Vizag within the 
same P&L, we thought it was prudent and in the interest of all stakeholders to strategize this 
operation separately. 

 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
January 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
 
So, that's a slightly longish opening note. But both Poorvank, Arun and I am happy to address 
questions that you may have. We continue to believe strongly in the quality of the business that 
is emerging in Solara’s research strategy. And I am sure that we will deliver improved results in 
the coming quarters. 
Thank you. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
We can take the Q&A now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Amrish Kumar from GeoSphere Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amrish Kumar: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. And this is regarding the carve out of CRAMS business. So, 
if you can give just a history of this business, how have you grown it so far? And the idea behind 
you have explained it a bit, but a little bit more detail, and how it will compete in the current 
environment. And how does a separate identity for this business helps us as Solara? And what 
are the technological capabilities we have developed in this business so far? Some details, and 
on how big the business is, and the context would be helpful. Thank you, sir. 
Arun Kumar: 
Thank you, Amrish. I mean, like you rightly said, most of your questions have been addressed 
in my opening statement, but just to emphasize. Staying in the catalog generic business, we 
believe Solara does not have the required bandwidth of leadership and the financial resources to 
build this business, while it is resetting its own proprietary catalog business. So, the need to do 
this was obvious. Vizag is a very significant plant with almost 700 KL capacity, and has the 
ability to double that capacity easily, which is what typically potential partners would look at 
large capacities if they were going to come our way.  
Our CRAMS business has been very suboptimal, it's been very stagnant and has not been 
growing so much. But we believe that with a renewed focus we can add significant velocity to 
the growth of the business. This business is currently in FY ‘25 is approximately Rs. 120 crores. 
It delivers that 25% to 27% range adjusted EBITDA. And of course, when we take this revenue 
into the new Company, the first several years there would be not necessarily great numbers as 
we will have under recoveries and additional expenses in terms of building new capabilities.  
But overall, I think the pharmaceutical polymers business that we have got lot of legs to grow. 
And we will build that business quite significantly. But it will take us two to three years before 
you see the emergence of a challenge or a new player in the CRAMS business. We have several 
types of chemistry and capabilities that we can offer from this plant. At this time, our primary 
focus is going to be the polymer-based API chemistry which not many players have out of this 
country. Yes, thank you. 

 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
January 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jagdish Sharma, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Jagdish Sharma: 
Sir, I have a couple of questions for the carve out of CRAMS and polymer business. You just 
mentioned that you have Rs. 120 crores of top line for this business. What are the EBITDA 
margins you have made in this quarter? 
Arun Kumar: 
We cannot give you that. I do not think we can give you specifics for this quarter, but generally 
the business delivers about 25% EBITDA. 
Jagdish Sharma: 
So, my second question is like, you mentioned this business is subscale, right, this currently is 
at subscale level. What is our aspiration over the next three years in terms of revenue and margin? 
Arun Kumar: 
I think we believe that we can take a revenue expansion obviously to be in the 35% to 40% 
EBITDA range, has to happen to be a serious comparable CRAMS player. I think we can triple 
or even quadruple our turnover from the current Rs. 120 crores. We do have a nice pipeline. And 
with a new arrangement that is being proposed, we think in about three to four years we can get 
to that Rs. 500-odd crores number. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naman Bhansali from 9 Rivers Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Naman Bhansali: 
First question is, you mentioned in the presentation that we received six key product approvals 
and 11 market extensions in the Q3 quarter. So, could you elaborate a bit on this? And if there 
are any material product approvals that can come out of these?  
Arun Kumar: 
I am going to request Poorvank answer your question, he will give you more specific.  
Poorvank Purohit: 
So, specifically, we have already mentioned about this that we are strongly focusing on the 
polymer space. And we did get some of the approvals in the polymer space for some of the key 
markets. And then there were some approvals that we got in the ibuprofen space wherein we 
actually talked about some of the markets which we have not catered for some of the existing 
customers. So, it is adding to a mix of new geographies, that is actually opening new markets 
for us. 
Naman Bhansali: 
Got it. That is helpful. And second question is on the financial side of the CRAMS and polymer 
business. So, if you could share what is the total capital employed till date for this business? And 
what incremental CapEx would we need to do for this particular facility?  
Arun Kumar: 
So, basically the Capex that has been invested in Vizag is close to about Rs. 500 crores, but not 
all of that capital will be useful for a CRAMS business because it was predominantly an 
ibuprofen facility. So, I would like to say that the good assets that the CRAMS business can 
enjoy would be about in the range of Rs. 250 crores to Rs. 300 crores, because the rest of the 

 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
January 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
plant has to be retrofitted. We probably need to invest at least another Rs. 100 crores to Rs. 150 
crores in the next three years to achieve the goals of what we want to be. And then, that should 
take us to the next big level you want to build this platform to. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sajal Kapoor from Antifragile Thinking. Please 
go ahead. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Solara made an excellent move I think by separating CRAMS, polymer and HPAPI. A couple of 
questions from my side, if I may Arun, and Poorvank you as well. Can you share some 
perspective on the R&D infrastructure? As on today do we have separate teams for CRAMS and 
generics? And what is the combined team size on the R&D site today? And where do you see 
this number growing over the period? 
Arun Kumar: 
So, basically today our R&D is combined for both generics and for the CRAMS business, and 
that is one of the key reasons that we need to separate and segregate the two, considering that 
we need a very different level of capabilities and infrastructure to attract customers. So, this 
move of us would facilitate that. We think that we will end up adding at least 100 new scientists 
for our CRAMS division in the next 12 months. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
On the gross margin side, clearly CRAMS is a higher gross margin business, we all know that. 
But its subscale today, its low volumes as disclosed. Now, given that it's a higher margin business 
and it's contributing almost negligible amount, let's say 10%, to the overall. Our consol gross 
margins are still 56%, which is very healthy. And that kind of suggests that the other business, 
the non-CRAMS business is also not having very low gross margins as on today. Is that a fair 
assumption? 
Arun Kumar: 
It is, because of our focused attention to margin and that is what has caused the revenue drop. 
So, our attention has been that when we have price challenge, we are happy to let go of business. 
And we give credit to the new challengers for having built plants which are very modern, of very 
large scale. But considering that we have been an ibuprofen player for 40 years, obviously we 
find ourselves pitted against very young challengers. And we are happy to let go of business in 
the interest of margins.  
And you have rightly pointed out that, and if you look at Poorvank’s commentary, 76% of our 
business continues to be in the regulated market. So, they are very sticky businesses. There are 
long term partnerships where we would rather service those customers and increase the wallet 
share than trying to expand markets at price. So, you are right, at 55% I think we have achieved 
our first threshold of an ideal margin situation. I do not think the carve out of the CRAMS 
business is going to drop this dramatically, may drop it by 100 bps, 200 bps. But even 53%, 55% 
range is what we want to first establish.  
Growth, given the structured approach of not chasing revenues will come because seeding 
customers and geographical expansions, and that is why we highlighted that we got new same 

 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
January 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
products expanded to new territories or acquiring new customers are good. These are healthy 
signs where we can show growth. So, I think growth will be tepid on the top line, but I think you 
could see margin expansion, OPEX leverage, inefficiencies in our manufacturing infrastructure, 
and our corporate overheads coming down dramatically. And if you see our presentation, you 
will see in the last five quarters we have had a very successful run on cost management. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Brilliant thinking, Arun. Definitely a masterstroke, no doubt. I am done with my questions. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Divya Shah, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Divya Shah: 
Sir, my question was, one on the top line guidance, which has been revised down. So, if you 
look at the FY ‘25 as a whole, at the mid range of your Q4 guidance we will be doing mid single 
digit revenue growth in FY ’25. And if I take a three-year view, what is the potential growth that 
we can achieve for Solara? That’s my first question. 
Arun Kumar: 
Low double digits would be a fair assumption. 
Divya Shah: 
And my second question was on the EBIDTA margin side. So, I mean, we have already reached 
our 20% EBITDA margin in this quarter. So, going forward, if we take a long term view of three 
to four years, again, what kind of margins can Solara catalog API business do? 
Arun Kumar: 
I do not think we can go much further from here. I think 20% to start off, and if we can have 
three or four consistent quarters at these percentage numbers, then we can start accelerating. 
Because incremental growth will flow through, margins will improve if we keep the gross 
margin. So, at this time I am following a group strategy of consolidation every three, four 
quarters, and then growth coming after. And this worked well and I think it will flow through 
here, too.  
I think the margin expansion from 20% to 22%, 23% in this three-year horizon that you are 
talking about is feasible, but let's take one year at a time. And I think, importantly, if we can have 
another five quarters of 20% EBITDA, and even if the growth is only 10%, it delivers close to 
Rs. 350 crores to Rs. 400 crores of free cash in that period. And the first target is to make the 
balance sheet even lighter and make the Company debt free. And that's my goal and I think we 
will get there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jagdish Sharma, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead.  
Jagdish Sharma: 
Once again, our gross margin improved to 55% during this quarter, that's a 500 bps sequential 
jump. What were the main drivers for this margin expansion? And is this number sustainable 
going forward? 

 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
January 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
Poorvank Purohit: 
Yes. So, basically what we have done is, basically while as Arun mentioned about the fact that 
we have significantly focused on profitable products. And one of the questions was also that why 
we are talking about CRAMS business, there are other businesses wherein we have actually been 
able to sustain our margins. Having said that, with respect to this, we did debottlenecking of 
capacities on some of the high margin products, also while continuous focus on the cost 
improvement program that we had in place which actually allowed us to expand the margins. 
And that's how we have been able to do that. And we see a demand for these two products, which 
would sustain in the coming quarters. 
Jagdish Sharma: 
My second question is, like our other expenses have reduced to Rs. 56 crores in this quarter, is 
this sustainable going forward? What were the key initiatives taken by us to bring this efficiency? 
Arun Kumar Baskaran: 
See, over the last four quarters our OPEX has been coming down, it's mainly because of 
mothballing of sites we have worked on Vizag and Mysore sites. Plus, we have also taken some 
cost reduction measures in other sites which have brought down this cost. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Sen from Robo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Sen: 
I got my answer just now. Sir, can you please come back on the revenue guidance for the next 
three years? I guess you answered, but I missed that point. 
Arun Kumar: 
Low double digits. 
Aditya Sen: 
And sir, for the Vizag plant would be 1.2x to 1.3x, right? 
Arun Kumar: 
Asset turn, yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sunil Kothari from Unique PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Sir, my question is a little bit broad to understand. Arun Kumar, your success of acquiring assets, 
merging and then demerging, and then creating value is very highly successful. Very few 
entrepreneurs up to now have done this type of successful researching and creating value. My 
question is, internally you have a capable team, and you have proven yourself. Are you seeing 
larger external opportunities maybe because of regulatory markets, supply chain disruptions or 
maybe China plus one, if you can talk a little bit more on those opportunities, it will be really 
helpful. 
Arun Kumar: 
Let's restrict our conversations to Solara at this time. I think Solara is a classic case of a legacy 
business which missed out on the CRAMS front. And I think our primary focus today is to 
segregate the business, give it the attention it requires, resource the capital, get the teams, the 
technical capabilities, and that is a lot to do. And I think that itself will create value to Solara 

 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
January 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
stakeholders. So, that's what we do well as a group, like you rightly said. And we will stay 
focused on that approach here, too. 
Sunil Kothari: 
 And sir, your thoughts on external opportunity, is there any major shift happening compared to 
the last 10, 15 years? Or this is the opportunity which was there, and it is continuing or maybe 
increasing, how do you see this? 
Arun Kumar: 
We see CRAMS as an opportunity increasing. I think there is some benefit of the China plus one 
strategy. I do not see it’s a tsunami coming our way. I just think that the pharmaceutical industry 
and the life sciences industry is looking at India as a very serious player, just that we now have 
the capabilities, infra, people, skill sets, and we are benefiting from that. But we still are a very 
small part of the global supply chain in terms of CRDMO activities. But I think we still have a 
chance, some of the chemistries that Solara has is historically in a good spot. And we are 
benefiting from that opportunity by doing what we did. On your themes, I think internationally 
there are several opportunities, but I think valuations are high and building international assets 
at this stage on the API platform is not necessarily what we are looking at.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rakesh Banerjee, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Rakesh Banerjee: 
First of all, congratulations for hitting 55% gross margins, that's really awesome at this stage of 
the business. What I was trying to understand, you have already mentioned that you got six 
approvals in the last quarter. So, if you can elaborate a bit on the expected approvals in the 
coming quarters as well, maybe in the next or next two quarters, that would be really helpful. 
And also, if you can comment on, out of the six approvals that we have already obtained, if there 
is any major molecules which got approved, I mean, that would be also very insightful. 
Arun Kumar: 
Rakesh, we do not give any specifics on products. Obviously, that's not what most companies 
do. Like Poorvank mentioned, we do have some nice products and some difficult to make 
products approvals, mainly portfolio maximization strategies, that is new markets, not 
necessarily in products. They will funnel growth to the guidance that we are giving long term, 
that low double-digit growth with a focus on keeping the margins. So, we do not have any 
specific answers to your question. 
Poorvank Purohit: 
And to add to what Arun just mentioned, we have also mentioned earlier that we have close to 
95 DMFs already filed in the US. And we are actually roughly selling, just to give a ballpark, 
we are selling close to 30 products only. So, there is still lot of intrinsic value in the system that 
needs to be capitalized. And that's where we are getting into cost improvement programs and 
seeding the market, seeding the new customers and seeing the growth coming from there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manas from Zailam Investment. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
January 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
Manas: 
So, my question is regarding, what is the timeline for the demerger of this CRAMS business? 
Arun Kumar: 
So, typically any demerger through an NCLT process takes between 9 and 12 months, so that's 
what we expect this will also take. 
Manas: 
And you are guiding for low single digit guidance, right, can I have the clarity? 
Arun Kumar: 
Low double digit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parth Zariwala, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Parth Zariwala: 
I have three questions, here is the first one. In the previous quarter, it was mentioned that the 
revenue was expected to be in the range between Rs. 1,400 crores to Rs. 1,500 crores by the end 
of FY ‘25. Do you believe this target is achievable? And what are your expectation regarding 
EBITDA and operating profit margin for the same period?  
And the second question is regarding the debt, your guidance was provided to reduce debt up to 
Rs. 500 crores by the end of FY ’25. Do you believe this target is achievable? And what strategies 
are in place to ensure a smooth reduction in the debt level?  
And third question regarding, the ibuprofen contributes 34.1% of total turnover, effectively a 
key driver of revenue. Could you look to lower insight into the contribution from other segment 
or a product that's mixed? 
Arun Kumar: 
So, Parth, all of these questions are already addressed, but we will respect your time today. I 
think you probably came in late. I did mention we actually guided for a reduced revenue in Q4, 
it's already part of our guidance and our EBITDA. So, consequently, we will not get to the Rs. 
1,400 crores, Rs. 1,500 crores range, we will be more in the Rs. 1,300 crores, Rs. 1,400 crores 
range, which means that there is a drop in approximately Rs. 100 crores of revenue. And we 
have dropped Rs. 10 crores of EBITDA guidance for Q4, that means that our exit run rate will 
not be the Rs. 500 crores number that you are referring, it will be more in the Rs. 300 crores 
number. I do not know where you got the Rs. 500 crores number in the first place, it was never 
there before. And we will continue to build from here, focusing on margins. Our debt has already 
been reduced quite significantly. If you look at our debt book, we are now sub 2 times debt to 
EBITDA, I mean, 2.5 times debt to EBITDA, compared to almost 6 times when we started this 
reset journey about six quarters ago. And we expect the debt to be under 1 time, 1.5 times in the 
next 12, 14 months, after the carve out is complete. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anupam Jain from Indira Securities. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
January 24, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
Anupam Jain: 
I just wanted to know the current CRAMS facility to retrofit, how much the cost will be for that, 
additional cost, because you have already incurred Rs. 500 crores cost? 
Arun Kumar: 
The question was, how much money has Vizag invested? It’s about Rs. 500 crores. Of which I 
also mentioned that I believe that the assets that are useful for the CRAMS business is not more 
than Rs. 300 crores. So, that is the useful value of the asset. We probably have to invest in Rs. 
100 crores to get to where we want to be. 
Anupam Jain: 
So, basically the facility was retrofitted and divide into ibuprofen, high potent API and polymer 
division? 
Arun Kumar: 
Correct. That ibuprofen block has to be retrofitted because we plan to convert that into a different 
segment, which we will shortly make certain update announcements in the next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Arun Kumar: 
Thank you, all. And do be in touch with us or with our Investor Relations team, if you have any 
questions. I appreciate your time and have a good weekend. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Solara Active Pharma Sciences, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
