 
 
 
 
                                                                              Date: 11th February, 2025 
 
BSE Limited, 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Listing Department  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 540879                       Symbol: APOLLO                         ISIN: INE713T01028 
 
Subject: Transcript of the conference call held on February 8, 2025 under Regulation 30 of 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30, read with Part A of Schedule III, and other applicable provisions of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended and further to our intimation dated February 5, 2025, regarding 
schedule of the conference call with investors, we wish to inform  you that the conference call was 
held on investors on February 8, 2025, at 11:00 A.M.  
 
Transcript of the above-mentioned Conference Call is attached herewith and can also be accessed 
at:  https://apollo-micro.com/investors/  
We request you to take the above on record. 
Thanking You 
 
Yours Faithfully  
 
FOR APOLLO MICRO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
 
 
RUKHYA PARVEEN 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
 
RUKHYA 
PARVEEN
Digitally signed by 
RUKHYA PARVEEN 
Date: 2025.02.11 
21:20:21 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 08, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ADDEPALLI KRISHNA SAI KUMAR – DIRECTOR, 
OPERATIONS – APOLLO MICRO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
MS. RUKHYA PARVEEN – COMPANY SECRETARY – 
APOLLO MICRO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
MS. TANYA GUPTA – INVESTOR RELATIONS TEAM – 
APOLLO MICRO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SANTOSH YELLAPU – ANAND RATHI SHARES AND 
STOCK BROKERS LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Apollo Micro Systems Q3 FY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by Anand Rathi Shares and Stock Brokers Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded.  
` 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Santosh Yellapu from Anand Rathi Shares and Stock 
Brokers Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Santosh Yellapu: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Apollo Micro Systems Q3 FY '25 earnings 
call, hosted by Anand Rathi Shares and Stock Brokers Limited. We have with us today Addepalli 
Krishna Sai Kumar, Director Operations; Praveen Rukhya madam, the Company Secretary; and 
Tanya madam from the IR Team. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as in the date of this call. The 
statements are not a guarantee of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict.  
I now hand over the conference to the management, Sai sir, of Apollo Micro Systems. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Thank you so much, Santosh. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us today on 
this weekend. It's always a pleasure to connect with our investors and share insights into our 
performance strategy and outlook. I am pleased to report that Apollo Micro Systems has 
delivered another strong quarter, demonstrating consistent execution, operational discipline, and 
increasing our market share in indigenous DRDO programs, thus delivering our commitment 
towards Make in India for the past 40 years.  
To make a line, I would also like to specifically mention that on this January 30th, we have 
completed 40 years of our relentless effort in contributing to indigenous defense programs. Let 
me first take you through our consolidated performance for the nine months and third quarter 
ended December 31st, 2024, nine-month FY '25 versus nine-month FY '24.  
For nine-month FY '25, revenue from operations has increased by 69.5% from INR2,362 million 
in nine-month FY '24 to INR4,003 million in nine-month FY '25, demonstrating sustained 
momentum in our core business operations in line to the guidance that we have been giving for 
the last few quarters.  
For nine-month FY '25, EBITDA increased by 69.1% to INR932.2 million as compared to 
INR551.2 million in Q3 FY '24, while EBITDA margin remains stable at 23.3%, demonstrating 
our commitment to operational efficiency and profitability. For nine-month FY '25, PAT 
increased by 133.2%, amounting to INR424 million as compared to INR181.8 million in nine-

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
month FY '24, with PAT margin improving by 290 basis points to reach 10.6% in nine-month 
FY '25.  
Now, let's have a look on the Q3 FY '25 versus Q3 FY '24. In Q3 FY '25, our revenue saw a 
significant increase of 62.5%, reaching INR1,483.9 million compared to INR913.4 million in 
Q3 FY '24. This growth was driven by successful execution of our order book, reflecting strong 
demand and operational excellence. Our EBITDA also showed remarkable growth, rising by 
58.1% to INR379.6 million in Q3 FY '25, while the EBITDA margin remains stable with a minor 
decrease of 70 basis points as compared to Q3 FY '24 and stood at 25.6% in Q3 FY '25.  
Additionally, our PAT for Q3 FY '25 amounted to INR182.4 million, a substantial increase of 
83.1% from INR99.6 million in Q3 FY '24, with PAT margin improved by 140 basis points to 
reach 12.3% in Q3 FY '25. I also would like to specifically mention that this is the highest ever 
recorded Q3 performance in the history of Apollo. 
Now, let's move on to investment in capacity expansion and strategic tie-ups that we have made 
recently. As we have been informing you that we have commenced our expansion plans a few 
years back and our Unit 2 facility was getting ready, presently, the Unit 2 facility is ready and 
we have performed puja for taking position. 
As this is the Q4 quarter, shifting teams would disturb execution in crucial fourth quarter, and 
this operation will commence from Q1 FY '26 actively, although some composite productions 
already started here. In case of the Unit 3, which is a 3,50,000 square feet facility, which is 
constructed in Hardware Park II, Hyderabad, very close to Hyderabad International Airport.  
And as a part of our forward integration focus for weapon integration, we commenced 
construction of our integrated plan for Ingenious Defense System IPiDS, which is Unit 3, and 
this is expected to be completed by Q2 FY '26. I am very happy to share with you that we have 
recently entered into a consortium agreement with Redon Systems Private Limited to collaborate 
on a manufacturing partnership for Loitering Munition. 
We are also pleased to share with you that we have signed an MoU with Garden Reach 
Shipbuilders and Engineers Limited. It is a dockyard government of India. This MoU establishes 
a business partnership focused on joint research and development, co-production, and export of 
underwater weapons and vehicles, underwater mines, underwater communication systems, and 
air defense systems. 
Some of the display models will be unveiled during Aero India 2025, which is commencing 
from tomorrow, day after tomorrow, 10th February, and will be up to 14th February 2025. I 
would also like to make a special mention that our company consistently invests close to 7% to 
8% of our revenues on R&D every year in developing new technologies and in augmenting new 
technologies, existing technologies.  
Keeping the same momentum, we would like to increase our investments in R&D, but at the 
same time developing the product and also qualifying and testing the products, particularly in 
case of platforms, needs much more investment. It also needs bandwidth and also some bigger 
umbrella.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Keeping that in view and the kind of new platform development that we would like to undertake 
in the years to come, we are entering into these R&D partnerships with the different public sector 
companies. To mention, we already have a joint development MoU with Bharat Dynamics 
Limited. 
Now, we have entered a joint development MoU with GRSE and such MoU with many other 
private as well as government companies will be entered in the future. As we have a very, very 
strong foothold in technology development and a strong R&D team with us, by entering such 
partnerships, we will be able to open a much larger testing platform's availability for us in the 
years to come and also an access to much deeper markets, both domestic as well as international.  
We are also excited to announce and at the same time invite you all for the upcoming Aero India 
2025 in which we are participating, which will start from February 10th up to February 14th, 
2025 in Bangalore. We look forward to connecting with you there. Thank you all for your 
continuous trust and support bestowed on us.  
We now look forward to addressing your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is 
from the line of Mayank Kapoor, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Mayank Kapoor: 
Yes, first of all, congratulations on a fantastic set of numbers, sir. I went through the PPT and 
there are some very interesting and esteemed set of projects that we have done and we have 
listed our whole process from ideation to commercial production. I just want to understand and 
appreciate what is that Apollo Micro Systems does.  
So can you walk us through a whole life cycle of how a project starts and the final delivery? And 
there are a bunch of services that we offer, right, electronic manufacturing services, hardware 
design services, and so on. Can you also tell us that in case every product goes through each of 
these processes or is there any kind of product which contributes more towards our service? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Thank you, Mayank, for participating and I would like to clarify you that primarily, we are not 
a product company as such, although we will be rolling our own platform products in the years 
to come. Many of the technologies that we are developing are specific to a specific program of 
DRDO in many of the cases.  
We undertake development of different LRUs, which we call as the Line Replaceable Units, 
which are subsystems onboard a weapon or onboard a vessel, like maybe a ship or a submarine 
or maybe on a torpedo or a ground launcher system. So we undertake development of a specific 
system for that program.  
We develop that system specifically for that program. We also participate during the testing and 
trials of the program. And once the program gets into production phase, we support in producing 
that in numbers to whoever may be the production agency in producing that weapon or vessel 
or platform. So, earlier only companies like Bharat Dynamics Limited used to have a mandate 
for producing the weapons.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
But nowadays, the Government of India, Ministry of Defence is encouraging a lot of private 
players. That's how the big players, deep pocket players like Adani, Bharat Forge, Economic 
Explosives, these companies were given an opportunity. They are taking a ToT for production 
from DRDO and they come back to suppliers who have got qualified and who are an approved 
part of the supply chain of that program. So this is how it is. 
So whatever we have mentioned that we do a hardware design service, software design services, 
this is apart from the product development or technology development that we do specifically 
for the programs, okay? Any specific design services that we have had to offer for any specific 
customer who comes with a request, we would be doing that. So, EMS is not -- I mean to say, 
doesn't generate a lot of business for us to start with. We develop the systems and we produce it 
by ourselves, but we also support some other… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir, your voice is breaking. 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
We also support some other customers in producing their system as part of our EMS services, 
but it is not a major business for us. But yes, we do product development, write some ideation, 
which is right from their concept up to a final product qualification and testing. And we also 
offer services like a built-to-print services, which is the EMS service or hardware and software 
design services. 
Mayank Kapoor: 
Got it, sir. Thanks for the detailed answer, sir. Next question that I have is that, given that we 
have an order book of INR500 crores to INR550 crores, can you tell us the distribution by the 
services that we offer or the defense areas that we are targeting? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
No, there is no breakup that we are giving at this point of time. We are restricted to share certain 
information, so I will not be able to give you a breakup at this point of time. But services, doesn't 
contribute much, which I already told you. Most of these are system development programs over 
which the entire thing is picked. But broadly, I can tell you that majority of the business comes 
from the missile defense as well as from the naval defense areas. 
Mayank Kapoor: 
And is that the same area that we are targeting to increase our order book substantially? I saw 
one interview where the management had said that current order book is INR500 crores to 
INR550 crores and by December ‘25, we want to take it up to INR2,500 crores minimum. So, 
is that the area that we are targeting for that thing? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Naval defense is one area where we have developed the complete platforms, like a complete 
underwater mines we have developed, and where we are expecting a large ticket projects. So, 
naval defense will continue to dominate to certain extent for next 1-1.5 year in the increased 
order book. 
 
But at the same time, missile defense programs also, one after the other, the programs are getting 
matured. Recently, you might have observed that, you know, Ministry of Defense has placed 
orders for Pinaka weapons. So, we also had some contribution in that as well. So, missile defense 
is also going to anchor the overall increase in the order book over a period of time. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Mayank Kapoor: 
Got it. And last question from Nayan sir. So, the FY26 guidance that we have given is 100% 
internal target, but it's more of like a 50% target. I just want to understand if you can give us any 
margin guidance, whether it be EBITDA guidance or PAT guidance? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
No, I have never given an EBITDA or a PAT guidance earlier also. From the revenue point of 
view, we have earlier informed that we have an internal target to double our revenues. But as a 
guidance point of view, 45% to 50% is something that, we will continue to increase our revenue 
by 45% to 50%. That's the only guidance that I can give you at this point of time. 
Mayank Kapoor: 
Got it. That helps. Thank you. Those are all my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ankush Agrawal from Surge Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for taking my question. So, the first question is around the new order wins. 
So, I mean, in the recent interviews, you have been stating that you expect a couple of thousand 
crores of new order wins for you. You sort of also mentioned that some of your customers have 
also already received this order and you are just waiting for them to pass on the components to 
you. So, could you give some sense on, what kind of visibility you have, on receiving this kind 
of more than INR1,000 crores kind of orders that you are talking about? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
No, there are two different aspects of it. One is an order we are expecting from Indian Navy very 
shortly. That's a direct order from Indian Navy to us. Apart from that, there are certain orders 
which we are already executing as a sample order, but a complete large order is existing with 
our customers.  
Generally, being a tier 2 and a tier 3 supplier, customers don't place a direct completely full 
quantity order to us on a full throttle basis because we will end up producing very fast, but as a 
complete system integration, it will take a lot of time for them. So, that was the perspective in 
which I might have told you and I also want to clarify now. 
 
But yes, we have presently a very robust order book. At the same time, the orders that my 
customers are already having, which are yet to flow to me, are also very strong and some very 
large ticket projects are expected from Indian Navy.  
Ankush Agrawal: 
The second question is also in the margins. So, if I look at some of our listed peers, on the 
production side, they make as high as 35%-40% EBITDA margin. We currently are at about 
20% EBITDA margin. In the quarterly annual report, you have also mentioned that once the 
share of our production revenue increases, we expect increase in EBITDA margin. So, going 
ahead with this kind of order that we're looking at, do you believe that our margins could scale 
up to the 30-40% EBITDA going ahead, once we see these large production orders coming in? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
See, on a standalone basis, it depends on the product mix, where the revenue gets booked 
actually, different products that we supply will have different EBITDA margins. So, some of 
them can go as big as 40%-45%. Some of them can go lesser than 20% in some cases, where 
there is a product development, initial stage of the product development. But whatever figures 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
that you are seeing, these are the complete revenue figures, averaging of that each product mix 
that is contributing to the revenues.  
So, the peak of 26%-27% whatever is there, that will continue to maintain. And it will go up to 
30% on a balance sheet basis for the next 1-1.5 year. Going to 40%-45%, it will take some more 
time.  
Ankush Agrawal:  
But it is possible, right, from the kind of orders we have? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Yes. See, majority of the projects that we are executing today, they are all development projects. 
Either the system which I am supplying is in a development phase or the program is in the 
development phase. But as my revenue, overall in the revenue mix, once the production order 
sizes goes up, then that is the one which is going to anchor the EBITDA margin levels, which 
will increase the EBITDA margin levels. But it is not something that -- by 10%-15%, it is going 
to grow within 1-1.5 financial years or something like that.  
It will take a little more time for things to get into production. Our new facility is also getting 
ready. New opportunities are coming actually. So, we would be happy to share as and when the 
event happens. But at this point of time, I think anywhere between 25%-30% is a very decent 
EBITDA margin for our size of balance sheet.  
Ankush Agrawal: 
So, sir, would it be possible for you to share what is the current mix between production orders 
and development orders? I am assuming majority will be development orders. 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Broadly, in terms of percentage, I can say 75%-25%, 70%-30% like that.  
Ankush Agrawal: 
In favor of development, right?  
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Yes, both development come and production percentage. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Sir, my last question is, you sort of indicated areas where you want to invest the funds that you 
have raised. So, will these partnerships require you to immediately invest this kind of large sum 
or this will play out in a couple of years while the program develops? I am trying to understand 
why we have raised so much money about INR800 crores upfront. Is it an opportunity wherein 
we will have to invest this kind of sum immediately or what is the thought process behind raising 
it immediately? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
You mean to say expansion of our unit 3? Are you talking about that? 
Ankush Agrawal: 
No, you indicated that you want to enter into partnerships with these private firms and 
government firms to do joint production and development and that will require you to expand 
your R&D project, which sort of you indicated is why you have raised the INR800 crores that 
you have raised. So, just wanted to understand, will these partnerships require you to invest this 
kind of money upfront or is there some other use that you are looking at for this money that you 
have raised? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
So, you are talking about the fund raise that we are doing on a conventional basis, right?  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Yes. 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
So, we have given a clear breakup of the utilization of the funds where we are going to do 
actually. INR550 odd crores will be going for the working capital and INR66 crores we will be 
investing in our subsidiary for some acquisitions and other things like. And around INR130-
INR140 odd crores for general corporate purpose and some of the -- the balance of the funds we 
will be investing in R&D.  
As I already informed you during my opening speech that we have entered the MOU with the 
GRSE and other companies and few more other companies we are likely to enter shortly. 
Negotiations are going on. As and when the event happens, we will keep you posted. Next year 
probably we may be investing close to INR100 crores on R&D in new product development 
actually. So, this is broadly the breakup in which the fund utilization will be there, but disclosure 
is already given to the exchange. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rupesh Tatiya from IntelSense Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. My question is on your presentation, there is a slide, slide 
number 10, where you have listed all these missile programs. It looks like we are part of all the 
missile programs, but I don't know what is the component that we supply. Do we supply some 
electronics component in that or some mechanical systems in that? What do we supply to these 
missile programs that you have listed on slide number 10? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
So, I will tell you like this, sir. Except for the BrahMos missile, okay, there we have a very, very 
insignificant contribution, very little, rather I would say. There is no indigenous missile program 
of DRDO where we do not have a participation. So, that's a very unique positioning that we have 
in terms of the market share for the indigenous missile programs. That's point number one.  
Point number two, to specifically answer to your question, we have over a period of last 40 years 
developed an expertise and individual groups are formed to handle different type of technologies 
for the system which form part of a weapon. Right from the explosive area where we are not 
into explosives, but the detonation of the explosive, like safety arming mechanism, next comes 
the seeker section where the signal processing portion we are doing and various onboard 
computer instrumentation systems, navigation systems, telemetry systems, data link systems, 
actuation systems. Like this, different onboard electronic and electromechanical systems form 
part of a weapon actually. 
 
All these technologies, we have developed expertise. Our systems are part of all these programs. 
We are not purely into mechanical machining and engineering. We do have a CNC and tool 
room in-house for our captive requirement and for our own making. But we don't do heavy 
engineering mechanical items for these programs. This is answer to your question. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
So, just a small follow up to that, sir. Are you like a single source supplier for whatever 
components you have developed for these missiles? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
No. See, normally what happens, most of the programs, they undergo on a tendering basis, either 
a limited tender or an open tender, depending upon the type of the technology, they reach back 
to the matured players or maybe sometimes and for an L1 requirement, 4 or 5 minimum 
participants will have to be there. So, they qualify and they give opportunity to them and all that. 
 
So, once we become an L1, we have to qualify the product. Once we qualify the product, we 
become a proprietary part of that. So, in case the program size is very, very large, which is 
getting produced in 10’s and 10,000’s of numbers. Sometimes, the DRDO will encourage more 
number of players to be a participant because they cannot rely on one single source. 
 
But many of the programs where we are participating, we are not participating in a C-level kind 
of technologies. We are participating in most significant technology, which is forming part of 
the weapon. And we enjoy the proprietorness in that as and when the product gets qualified. This 
is how the supply chain goes in the programs. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
So, what kind of market share do you anticipate? That is one. And then my second question, sir, 
is on the Pinaka missile, right? Not guided Pinaka. I think guided Pinaka, there is still some time 
for the large tender, but this whatever INR10,000 crores Pinaka tender has come, what are the 
components that we supply in that tender? So, these are my two questions or small questions 
here. 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Unguided Pinaka, we do not have a contribution. Guided Pinaka, we have a contribution. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
So, this tender is for unguided Pinaka? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Yes. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay and sir what kind of market share you expect in the missile programs? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
See, ascertaining market share is very difficult until the programs get into production phase. So, 
at this point of time I can only tell you that every weapon program we have a contribution. 
Wherever there is electronics requirement is there we have a contribution every missile program. 
And all indigenous torpedo programs, we have contribution. 
The indigenous nuclear submarine programs, we have a contribution. We are the only company 
in India have developed all varieties of underwater mines. We have contribution expendable 
decoy programs, underwater swarm drones. So, variety of such programs we have developed 
technologies and we have contributed. Ascertaining the size of the market share can only happen 
once these programs get into a production phase actually. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay sir. And then just a final question sir is what would be the range of contribution per missile? 
Is INR1 crores to INR5 crores a fair number or is that like too large? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
As small as INR1 lakh to INR5.5 crores to INR6 crores. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay sir. Thank you. I have more questions. I'll come back in the queue.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Alisha Mahavala from Envision Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Alisha Mahavala: 
Hi, sir. Good morning. I hope I'm audible. Sir firstly just wanted to understand this consortium 
agreement with Redon that we have recently entered into. If you could give us some details of 
the platform. It looks like that the development is done by them. What is the - is it expected to 
go into production soon? How large will it be, what kind of competition will be there, if you 
could share some color on it. 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
No, it will not be able to quantify because we are going to jointly bid for some programs and 
jointly manufacture these systems actually. So, it's in a very beginning stage, but Redon has 
already developed the loitering munition. They have done some testing. They have already given 
some trials to Indian Armed Forces. They have joined hands with us keeping in view of our 
existing experience in manufacturing weapon systems and the scale of operations that we are 
going to have in a few months to come and the financial bandwidth that we have. 
They have certain strengths. We have certain strengths. Now, the entire defense ecosystem is 
getting into an era of doing things on a consortium basis where they will be able to catapult on 
leveraging on each of their actually. So, as a part of that we have come together in addressing 
this for the upcoming programs actually. We'll be doing a joint bidding. This is what I can 
comment to this extent only on this relationship. 
Alisha Mahavala: 
But this is not in any advanced stage where maybe we can expect orders next steps. You said 
that these are still very early stages? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
See, advanced to early stage has a very thin line actually. Currently, we are about to bid for some 
programs and it's a matter of a month or two for them to get finalized. If it gets in favor of this 
partnership, I think then it's an order for the companies. 
Alisha Mahavala: 
No. And just a clarification the products that they have developed, are these approved by Indian 
Army? Did you have the required information? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
It's not like that. See in case of the direct armed forces this thing, there is nothing like an approval 
from the army and all. It is not like that actually. So, there is a process with which they do a 
short listing. Then they take up trials and testing of a few numbers and then they will give a go 
ahead for production. Every armed forces have a different mode of this thing, but presently 
Redon has some matured systems available with them which can get qualified for the programs 
that we are attempting jointly. 
Alisha Mahavala: 
Understood. And the underwater mine order, can we expect it before March or is it looking like 
there could be some delay and spill into next year? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
I am not sure if I can comment on that. It's a process going on inside the Indian Navy. I have to 
restrict the timing to tell you the timing of it as of now, but we were expecting it before March 
itself. But as the weeks envelope, we will get to know more information on that. 
Alisha Mahavala: 
Okay. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nikhil Chandak from JM Financial Family Office. 
Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Chandak: 
So, one question and I may have missed this in the opening remarks. Now, you said that almost 
INR500 crores, INR550 crores, you will be using it for working capital out of the new fundraise. 
And what I see is that, say, the annual revenue is currently in the range of INR500 crores. So, 
such a large amount of capital which will go into working capital going forward from the 
fundraise.  
So, just trying to understand what kind of growth rates are you expecting for the company, say, 
over the next 2 years, 3 years? So, at least as a business plan, if you have to see where does this 
INR500 crores approx online I mean annual revenue kind of move to, say, in the next 2 years, 3 
years based on the visibility which you have? And I'm presuming because of that you need this 
high amount of working capital investment? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Yes. See, I would like to clarify like this. Firstly, we are in working capital intensive industry, 
point one. Point two, it is not that the funds get churned multiple times in a year in my industry 
actually. The existing lead times of certain raw material are as small as a couple of weeks to as 
big as 2 years actually.  
So, we will have to invest ahead if we have to keep up with the production lines. That's the 
reason we have started raising funds so that we will be able to address the addressable market 
on time and give it the deliveries. That's another point. Third point is that we have kept the 
targets of doubling our revenues for next financial year, but as a guidance we are only giving 
that we will be able to achieve minimum 45% to 50% growth for the next financial year. And 
this is something that we will be growing continuously. 
And the size of the order book will also grow multiple times in the next 1 year down the line. 
So, keeping all that in view we will have to gear up in sourcing the raw materials on time and 
making a delivery. There are certain items which go for an export control approval from the 
respective Department of Defense of respective countries which by itself is taking nowadays 3 
months to 4 months owing to multiple wars happening in the different parts of the world, 
actually. 
So, all this is actually getting delayed. There's a trade war happening, there is a semiconductor 
war happening, there is an actual war happening. But the flow, there is no embargo of selling 
the goods to India. That's one good sign of relief for India as a country, but there's definitely, 
there is a lot of delay. So, the delay should not delay the program as such. We have to make at 
least just-in-time kind of a delivery commitment for us to give to the customers. 
We have sourced these funds, and the funds will be used for the purpose of sourcing it ahead so 
that we are able to do the production seamlessly. 
Nikhil Chandak: 
Understood. So, you think it would reasonably grow say, 40%, 50% for the near term based on 
the visibility which you have at this point of time? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Yes, that's the guidance that we have been giving the last few quarters and I stand by that 
guidance. 
Nikhil Chandak: 
Understood. Perfect. Great. Thank you so much. I'll come back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Garvit Goel from Nvest Analytics. Please go ahead. 
Garvit Goel: 
Congratulations for a decent set of numbers. Firstly on this year guidance, you have been guiding 
for almost 45% to 50% kind of growth. Even if I take the 45% growth you should reach INR540 
crores. And in the first 9 months I think we are at INR400 crores. And even if we replicate this 
quarter number in Q4, we will easily achieve the guidance, but looking at your historical 
numbers, Q4 is I think significantly differing from all other three quarters in terms of size of 
revenues. So, would you like to revise the guidance for this year, sir? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
No.  
Garvit Goel: 
Like we will be having a similar kind of quarter for Q4? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Yes generally Q4 is always an anchoring quarter. And I don't think I feel any necessity that I 
need to make a revision to my guidance actually. So, Q4 is always an anchoring quarter for the 
entire financial year. I don't think any change in my outlook is required, actually. So, if I see the 
quarterly this thing of the Q4, March 2024, it's INR135 crores. 
Garvit Goel: 
Yes I see that. That's what I was asking for, whether there is any upward revision going to be 
for this year. That's fine. Secondly, on the pledge percentage, sir. So, this pledge percentage is 
increasing. So, can you put some color on what is the rationale behind it, sir? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
What percentage? 
Garvit Goel: 
Pledge percentage. Promoter pledge percentage is very high for our company? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Promoter has pledged his shares because he was sourcing funds to subscribe to the warrants. We 
have gone for the preferential around a year and a half back. Then once again now we are going 
for preferential in order to subscribe it he has gone for nothing for any personal reasons. 
Garvit Goel: 
Got it, sir. And lastly, on the naval orders that you are saying we will be expecting it maybe this 
year itself. Is it like the internal when you target that you are having 100% kind of growth in 
FY25, FY26 sorry, that is based on this order like if it comes in the near term, we will be able to 
execute in FY26 and if it comes later on, I think 45% guidance. Is it going to work that way, sir? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Partially, you can take it like that, not fully. If it comes at least even in the Q1. So I will have 
some revenues booked at least by Q3 or Q4 of next financial year because once the order comes, 
it will take 6 months for us to create the documentation, take certain approvals and other things 
like. So, Q3, Q4, some revenues will start flowing and for the next after financial year it will 
definitely continue to have.  
But we are also expecting some more orders, as I told earlier also there is an existing order book 
with my customers. We foresee that they would like to expedite their production, overall 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
production requirements and enhance their production capabilities also for the next financial 
year. 
If that event happens also, that will also contribute for me in achieving my internal targets. But 
irrespective of that, my 45% growth whatever guidance we have been giving that we will achieve 
for sure. 
Garvit Goel: 
Got it, sir. And one more thing on the margin side, you mentioned like 25% to 30% kind of 
EBITDA margin, I think this must be supported by the kind of mix we are going to achieve in 
the production contract. So, is it like from this quarter onwards, we can expect slight 
improvement in our EBITDA margins going ahead? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
I'll not be able to comment on that, sir. 
Garvit Goel: 
Okay, sir. That's fine, sir. All the best for the future, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aman Vij from Astute Investment Managers. Please 
go ahead. 
Aman Vij: 
Yes, good morning, sir. My first question is when you talk about our missile contribution in this 
from couple of lakhs to few crores. So, if you can talk about some of the programs which is 
coming online in next 1 year, 2 years where our contribution is high and their volume is also 
expected high. Basically, which will move the needle for the company? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Sir, unless the program is getting into production, I am restricted not to talk about it actually. 
But most of the things nowadays are in the public domains, actually. So, there are certain, I mean 
to say, news articles coming from directly from defense, how, the steer up is going to happen 
and all like, for example, the current Pinaka program, it was expected off that it would come, 
but we have not expected that it would come this month itself, actually. 
 
We were expecting by March end or so. So, the government is taking their own call. But broadly 
to tell you, the artillery and bomb programs are the ones which are going to have a very large 
quantity in the years to come. So, those are the programs which will have big numbers, coming. 
 
Apart from the other programs like, the naval torpedo programs like the Electronic Heavyweight 
Torpedo, these are the programs which will also getting into production areas. NAG is something 
also which will get in, which will go into a good sizable production. 
 
But there are certain other areas like the ballistic missile programs and other things like, there is 
a continuous production continuously happening for that. And, I will not be able to comment on 
that. The ATGMs are the ones which you can keep a track on that, NAG, HELINA and 
MPATGM and AMOGHA-2. These are the ones which will also get into large numbers in the 
years to come. 
Aman Vij: 
And these programs which you mentioned, NAG and AMOGHA-2, and ATGMs, our 
contribution is significant. So, the total value of, whenever it happens, can be significant for our 
company?  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
I don't want to quantify it, sir, as of now. Because the transcripts are available on the, will be 
available in the public domain. It will be against the competitive, spirit, actually. 
Aman Vij: 
I am just asking, whenever it happens, it will be a good chance for our company? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
I want you to understand like this, that when the quantities are very high, the overall revenue 
chain value will always be on a higher side. If a program is getting into some 10,000 numbers, 
assuming that every company is getting at 1,000, 1,500, 2,000 numbers, with at least as small as 
INR5 lakhs to as big as a INR1 crores, that's the kind of potential every company is going to 
have. 
 
The entire ecosystem is going to have such kind of opportunities coming in, depending upon the 
type of the product mix that they are supplying. So, why I mentioned only these programs is 
because these are the programs which are of highlight, which are getting into a very large-scale 
production in the years to come. 
Aman Vij: 
Sure, sir. My next question is on Torpedoes side, sir. So, last set of orders we supplied, I think, 
was for Varunastra. And I think we are waiting for this Electric Heavyweight Torpedo and also 
Advanced Light Torpedo. So, is there any repeat order expected for Varunastra also? And if not, 
then when do we expect the big orders coming from Electric Heavyweight Torpedo? Do we 
expect it in first half of this calendar year or second half of this calendar year? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Varunastra, the entire weapon is being done by BDL, sir, actually. I am restricted to comment 
on that, but yes, there will be a repeat order for Varunastra coming shortly. 
Aman Vij: 
And what about Electric Heavyweight Torpedo and ALWT, Advanced Light Torpedo? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
ESWT is a sensitive program, sir. I will not be able to tell you the timing of that. ALWT, we 
will start getting some limited series production by Q3 or Q4 of next financial year. Electrical 
Heavyweight Torpedo, I told you, sir. It is a sensitive program. I will not be able to comment 
about it in the timing of that. 
Aman Vij: 
Okay, sir. No issue. Final question is, so… 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
But the approvals are all done. The trials are all more or less done, actually. So, from our end, 
there is nothing, some paperwork is going on. Broadly, I think, that level of understanding is 
sufficient. 
Aman Vij: 
Okay. Sure, sir. Final question I have is on this production and prototyping mix. So, currently, 
it is around 75%-25%. So, for next year, FY '26 and FY '27, where do you see this mix going? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
60%-40%. 
Aman Vij: 
60%-40% for FY '26 as well, sir? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
I am talking about the next year only, not this year. This year is almost over, no, sir, actually. 
Aman Vij: 
Yes. And FY '27, can it reach to 50%-50% kind of number as well? By '27… 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
I am unable to give the guidance for FY '27, how much the percentage would be. But for FY '26, 
it could be like 60%-40%. 
Aman Vij: 
Sure, sir. I will get back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prathamesh Dhiwar from Tiger Assets. Please go 
ahead. 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: 
Yes, sir. Just two questions on the defense industry side. So, first one is like, how are we seeing 
the order inflows in the industry? Are we seeing any delays or what is the current situation over 
there? And my second question is on the payment side. So, are we seeing any payment delays 
from the government? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
No, sir. Most of these programs are DRDO programs. The fund is already allocated. There is no 
dearth of payments. The payments are seamless, actually. There is no issue. The order flow is 
going to be much more consistent with many of the programs getting into production. And also, 
because of the entry of private industries getting into this, the having their skin in the game, in 
line with the government expectations, if they are able to speed up the production capacities and 
other things, much more consistent orders will be there and much more increase in the order 
book will be there for the entire ecosystem as such. 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: 
Okay, sir. Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prateek Bagadia, who is an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Prateek Bagadia: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Thanks for giving me this opportunity. And congratulations on completing 40 years 
of operations in this industry. My first question is with respect to exports. Are we doing any 
exports? And can you throw some visibility as to how it looks in the next 2 years to 3 years? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Presently, we are talking to a few countries, for -- we have given our proposals. We expect that, 
we will be able to back some orders in the next financial year, execution of which may happen 
maybe next after financial year. About next financial year, whether we'll be having export or 
not, I'm not sure of the timing. 
Prateek Bagadia: 
Okay, I understand, sir. And for my second question, I just want to understand as to how typically 
our order flow looks like in terms of when we get an order, what is the completion time? What 
is the lead cycle to it? I understand that the multiple orders would have multiple timings, but if 
you could throw a generic light on it? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Average, you can take anywhere between 6 months to, 12 months to 14 months. 
Prateek Bagadia: 
Okay, so typically, once we get an order, it takes around one year for us to deliver it back to the 
customer. Is my understanding correct? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
No, not necessarily, not in all cases. Certain cases where it's a fresh order and we need to source 
material and all, the timing of sourcing of the metal and all may take some time. But there's some 
orders, short term where we have some stocks, we have a huge inventory available with us. So, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
you know, the execution, that's why I told you the execution is right from 6 months up to 12 
months to 14 months. That's the way you have to understand it. 
Prateek Bagadia: 
Okay. And so what is our current capacity utilization? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
See, we are not a product company to assess the capacity of the company and its utilization, 
actually. So, it depends on the product mix. There are certain, items that we produce that I can 
produce in a month, I can produce more than 1000 numbers, but that's not the requirement it 
would be actually. 
 
So, this is not something which can be ascertained as a capacity utilization. If you, whenever 
you have a time, when you come to Hyderabad, you can visit the plant, I will explain you more 
in detail. Because even if I explain it now, you will not be able to visualize and understand what 
it is meant by actually. 
Prateek Bagadia: 
It will be a pleasure for me to come and visit the plant. So, my final question, current promoter 
pledge part is around 33% as of December. Any plans of bringing it down to 0%? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
In next 1 year, on a phase by phase basis. That's what we are working towards. 
Prateek Bagadia: 
Thanks a lot, sir, for answering all the questions and good luck. 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as the last question for the day. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments. Over to you, sir.  
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Are the questions exhausted? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. We'll take this as the last question. Over to you for the closing comments. 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Okay. So, thank you very much, to all the investors and team Anand Rathi, my colleague Rukhya 
Parveen, and Tanya Gupta, my IR team, for participating in today's conference call. We are 
committed for continuously improving our performance and we also assure you that we will 
make every effort to achieve much better results moving forward. 
 
We are confident that upcoming quarters will also bring positive outcomes, with Q4 expected to 
surpass Q3 in performance, which has been a tradition earlier as well. Overall, we are on track 
to deliver stronger results compared to last year. We deeply appreciate the unwavering support 
we have been receiving from all our investors over the past few years. 
 
We look forward to your continued confidence in our efforts. Thank you once again and we 
eagerly anticipate reconnecting with you for the Q4 update. Wish you all a wonderful day ahead. 
Jai Hind. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Anand Rathi Shares and Stock Brokers Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
