 
                                                                                                                              Date: January 31, 2025 
                                                                                                                              Place: Chennai  
Ref: SHAI/B & S/SE/186/2024-25   
                                                                                         
To,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
To, 
The Manager 
 
 
 
 
 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
Listing Department  
BSE Limited   
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1,  
Dalal Street  
 
 
 
 
 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai – 400051. 
Scrip Code: 543412  
 
 
 
 
Symbol: STARHEALTH 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Q3 & 9M – FY2025 Earnings Call   
Further to the Company’s letter SHAI/B & S/SE/174/2024-25 dated January 10, 2025 regarding Earnings 
Call Intimation for Q3 & 9M – FY2025, please find attached transcript of the call dated January 29, 2025 
for your information and records.  
The above information is being hosted on the Company's website at www.starhealth.in 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited, 
 
  
 
 
Jayashree Sethuraman 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl: as above. 
JAYASHREE 
SETHURAMAN
Digitally signed by 
JAYASHREE SETHURAMAN 
Date: 2025.01.31 16:34:30 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited 
Q3 & 9M -FY2025 Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Anand Roy – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Nilesh Kambli – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Aneesh Srivastava – Chief Investment Officer 
Mr. Amitabh Jain - Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. Aditya Biyani – Chief Strategy & Investor Relations Officer  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

  
                                   Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. – 29th January, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Star Health and Allied Insurance Company 
Limited Q3 & 9M-FY2025 Earnings Conference Call. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pratik Patil from Adfactors PR - 
Investor Relations team. Thank you, and over to you.  
Pratik Patil: 
Thank you, Yashashri. Good morning, everyone.  
 
From the senior management, we have with us, Mr. Anand Roy – Managing Director & Chief 
Executive Officer, Mr. Nilesh Kambli – Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Aneesh Srivastava – Chief 
Investment Officer, Mr. Amitabh Jain – Chief Operating Officer and Mr. Aditya Biyani – Chief 
Strategy & Investor Relations Officer. 
 
Before we begin the conference call, I would like to mention that some of the statements made 
during the course of today's call may be forward-looking in nature, including those related to 
the future financial and operating performances, benefits and synergies of the company's 
strategies, future opportunities and growth of the market of the company's services. Further, 
I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today's conference call may 
involve risks and uncertainties.  
 
Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Anand Roy.  
Anand Roy: 
Thank you, Pratik, and a very good morning to all of you. As we begin today's earnings call, let 
me take a moment, first of all, to wish everyone a Happy and Prosperous New Year 2025. I 
know it's towards the end of January, but it's the first time we are connecting so, it's a privilege 
to connect with you today as we step into what promises to be a year of very positive changes 
and welcoming regulations for our industry.  
 
To take you through the details, I would like to hand over to our colleague Aditya, over to you, 
please.  
Aditya Biyani: 
Thank you, Anand. Good morning, everyone, and wishing everyone a very happy and 
prosperous 2025.  
 
The insurance landscape is evolving rapidly, shaped by significant regulatory and accounting 
developments. These changes, while complex, are a reflection of our industry's maturing 
framework, one that emphasizes transparency, global alignment and customer-centric 
approach.  

  
                                   Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. – 29th January, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
Let me take a moment to outline how each of these regulatory changes will impact the industry 
and why they are critical.  
 
Firstly, the new reporting framework for long-term policies, effective October 1st, 2024, marks 
a shift in premium recognition. Previously, insurers could account for the entire premium of a 
long-term policy in a single year, reflecting a higher gross written premium. Under the new 
framework, the premiums will be annualized, with the total premium divided by the policy 
tenure and recorded proportionately for each year.  
 
For instance, for a three-year policy, only one-third of the total premium will be recognized in 
the first year's gross written premium. This change will lead to a reduction in the reported gross 
written premium, which in turn will reflect changes in net earned premium and net written 
premium having an impact on the expense ratio and loss ratio of the insurer. At Star Health, 
we are following "1/365" days unexpired risk reserve method resulting in no deviation in net 
earned premium under the new regulatory framework.  
 
Secondly, the adoption of IFRS standard is on the curve for implementation in the next couple 
of years which marks the pivotal shift in how insurers align revenue and expenses. This 
transition will enhance clarity in key financial metrics including net earned premium, 
investment income and acquisition cost.  
 
Under IFRS, net acquisition costs will be deferred in line with the policy tenure and will reflect 
true economic return on equity. Additionally, these updated standards will enable greater 
transparency and improve comparability between industry players. With implementation of 
"1/ N" methodology mentioned above, there is a partial move towards the IFRS reporting in 
terms of net acquisition cost which gets accounted in future.  
 
Thirdly, the expenses of management regulation, which came into force from 1st April 2023, 
mandates maintaining an EOM to gross written premium cap of 35% for SAHI players. At Star 
Health, we are well below this requirement, which enables us to strategically focus on retail 
market expansion and enhanced service delivery.  
 
Moving on to the industry performance on "1 / N" basis: 
 
In 9-months FY '25, health insurance industry has grown by 11% and has reached Rs. 94,908 
crore. This robust growth was driven by 14.3% growth in retail health and 12.4% growth in 
group health. In order to maintain consistency, clarity and comparability of numbers, we will 
be showcasing our business numbers in "1/ N" and without "1 / N" for this financial year.  
 
 
 

  
                                   Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. – 29th January, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
                                                     Coming to Star Health Performance: 
 
In 9-months FY '25, without "1/N" framework, on an overall basis, our GWP has grown by 16% 
and the fresh GWP grew by 27%.  
 
Coming to our retail health segment: 
 
Our overall business has grown by 14%, and the fresh retail health GWP grew by 22%. We have 
retained our retail health market share, which now stands at 32.2%, which is three times larger 
than the second player in the industry.  
 
Fresh retail number of policy growth stood at 13%, emphasizing our focus on volume growth 
and value growth. Our fresh to renewal ratio for 9-months FY '25 is 24:76 as against 22:78 over 
the same corresponding period last year.  
 
We continue our focus on the "risk first, growth later" strategy, and these numbers are in 
context of this strategy with prudent and tighter underwriting standards.  
 
Now, moving on to our four engines of growth ABCD without "1/N" basis for the first 9 
months.  
 
Firstly, I would like to highlight A, Agency: 
 
Our agency vertical contributed around 80% of our overall business in 9-months FY '25. Our 
agency strength has increased to 7,61,000 agents with net addition of 19,000 agents in the 
December quarter. The agent recruitment number has now reached 66,000 in the first nine 
months of this financial year. We have also seen a strong 14% increase in fresh GWP in 9 
months FY '25 over last year through this channel. Agency activation for 9-months FY '25 has 
grown by 13% over 9-months FY '24.  
 
Coming to Banca: 
 
In 9-months FY '25, our Banca channel contributed 8% to our total business and the business 
has grown by 20% on overall basis. Our number of Banca partners now stands at 69. In this 
quarter, we added names like Bajaj Finance and NeoGrowth to our portfolio.  
 
C is for corporate: 
 
In 9-months, FY ’25, our corporate business contributed 4% to overall business. Our proprietary 
over-the-counter SME calculator has strengthened our association with intermediaries who 
have been generating new business focusing on SME and MSME business segments.  
 
 

  
                                   Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. – 29th January, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
Coming to digital business: 
 
Our digital business comprises of our own direct-to-consumer, online brokers and web 
aggregators which contributed 8% to our overall business in 9-months FY ’25. Our own direct-
to-consumer channel contributes 72% to the digital business and the remaining 28% comes 
from online brokers and web aggregators. Our fresh business from digital grew by 58%.  
 
Coming to the financial performance for 9-months FY '25 on "1 / N" basis: 
 
Our combined ratio for 9-months FY '25 stood at 101.8% versus 98.3% in 9-months FY '24. I 
would just like to highlight our combined ratio without "1/ N" stands at 101.3% for 9-months 
FY '25. Our claim ratio for 9-months FY '25 stood at 70.7% versus 67.3% in 9-months FY '24.  
 
We would also like to highlight our retail loss ratio for 9-months FY '25 which stands at 69.2% 
and group loss ratio is 90.4%.  
 
Expense ratio for 9-months FY '25 stood at 31.2% versus 31% in 9-months FY '24. I would like 
to highlight the expense ratio without 1 / N. It stands at 30.6% for 9-months FY '25.  
 
For 9-months FY '25, PBT stood at Rs. 862 crore. PAT for 9-months FY '25 stood at Rs. 645 crore. 
Our non-annualized ROE for 9-months FY '25 stood at 9.7%.  
 
Our investment income in 9-months FY '25 has grown to Rs. 996 crore versus Rs. 790 crore in 
9-months FY '24. Our investment assets have grown by 15% and has reached Rs. 16,666 crore 
in 9-month FY '25.  
 
Solvency of the company as on December 24 was 2.22x compared to the regulatory 
requirement of 1.5x.  
 
Coming to the other key highlights: 
 
Our NPS scores stands at 56 for the quarter ended on December 24. Our claims NPS stands at 
63 as on December 31, 2024 versus 53 on September 30, 2024.  
 
Our claims rejection rate stands at 10.22% for the quarter ended December 31st, 2024. Our 
renewal persistency has improved to 87% on number of policies.  
 
Our app downloads have reached 8.6 million as on 9-months FY '25. Our monthly active users 
have crossed 1 million as of December 24. The organic traffic to our website has grown by 28% 
over last 9 months. The digital issuance as a percentage of premium collection stands at 70% 
in 9-months FY '25 versus 65% in 9-months FY '24.  

  
                                   Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. – 29th January, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
The PHC and wellness contribution to total claims outgo stands at 0.6%. Our home healthcare 
initiative has now been expanded to 100 locations and has been widely embraced by customers 
steadily gaining recognition. With support of trusted partners like Apollo, Max Home Health 
and Portea, we ensure reliable personalized care that meets the diverse needs of customers 
across India.  
 
The average sum insured of new policies has increased by 10% to 10.6 lakh per policy. Rs. 5 
lakh and above sum insured policies now constitute 82% of our retail health portfolio versus 
77% in 9-months FY '24. The share of long-term policy within our GWP has increased to 10% in 
9-months FY '25 versus 7% in 9-months FY ‘24 without 1 / N.  
 
We have had to align our product pricing strategy to match the market reality. Up to Jan 25, 
we have implemented price increase across 5 products which is approximately 65% of our retail 
health portfolio.  
 
Our recently launched new product "Super Star" offering unparalleled flexibility and 
customization offers 21 optional covers in addition to its exhaustive list of base covers. Unique 
benefits such as freeze your age, limitless care, Super Star bonus, wellness program and 
premium waiver make it stand out in the market.  
 
We are proud to share that Super Star has achieved remarkable success driving fresh growth 
for the business. It has also become the top selling product on our digital platform and also on 
the leading web aggregator and digital partners.  
 
And with all these updates, we can now open the floor for Q&A. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We will take our 
first question from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. Please go ahead.  
Shreya Shivani: 
I have two questions. First, I wanted a clarification. You mentioned that your GWP growth 
without "1 / n" is 16%. However, in your sub-notes in the P&L, you have given the exact amount 
of premiums that have been deferred because of this "1 / N" accounting. If I adjust for that, 
which is about 30 lakhs or so, the growth looked more like 13.5% to 14%. I just wanted a 
clarification if what I heard was correct.  
 
Second, what I wanted to understand was on the commissions and how it may have played out 
in this quarter. So, clearly, your reinsurance also got deferred along with the 1/N long-term 
policies, which means that the income that you were earning from the reinsurance commission 
has become smaller. Ideally your commission absolute amount should have picked up in the 
quarter or should have at least been larger than the last quarter. I mean, that was the rough 
math I was arriving at, but that's not the trend that has come up. Can you help me understand 
why that hasn't played out?  

  
                                   Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. – 29th January, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Also the way the expense ratios have become elevated, it's fair to say that this is going to be 
the standard going ahead. Are we looking at a fourth quarter where with the reserves being 
added, our PAT can be much lower? In fact, could it be a very weak fourth quarter? Those are 
my questions.  
Nilesh Kambli: 
On the GWP growth, the number you are talking about is quarter 3, which is 13.7%. For 9-
months with the "1/N" impact, it is 16%. In terms of RI Commissions, yes, for long-term policies 
there will be no RI Commissions, but if you are comparing it with last year, last year we had the 
RI Commission treaty, which came in Q3 itself, which was effective from 1st April 23. From April 
23 to December 23, there was a onetime impact in Q3 last year, which is spread out in all the 
quarters this time and in Q3, we had an impact because with "1/N" on long-term policies there 
is no seeding and there is no reinsurance commissions. 
Shreya Shivani: 
The Reinsurance Treaty itself has changed this time. There is no change because of the way the 
accounting is done. Is my understanding correct?  
Nilesh Kambli: 
No, because of the change in accounting, there is a deferment of Reinsurance Commission 
which has happened. As I am not booking the top line, hence there is no seeding and no RI 
commission. There is a change.  
Shreya Shivani: 
The reinsurance ceded is about 6.3% or so. Will this be the steady state going ahead? 
Nilesh Kambli: 
Yes, it will be in the similar range going forward. 
Shreya Shivani: 
What about the fourth quarter? 
Nilesh Kambli: 
On the fourth quarter, with the "1/N " accounting coming in, there will be a deferment of cost 
in terms of the long-term policies so, there won’t be much impact on the PAT with RI 
commission and the cost also getting deferred.  
Shreya Shivani: 
In this quarter we got a bit of support because it's a quarter when we release reserves. The 
change in URR is negative. Fourth quarter is usually when that number becomes much bigger, 
right? The PAT is always sequentially or fourth quarter PAT is always weaker. Now your expense 
ratios are also elevated. Unless there is a very sharp improvement in the loss ratio, the quarter 
can look very weak, right?  
Nilesh Kambli: 
I will explain it to you on one-on-one basis, but what will happen is because there is deferment 
of GWP, there will be a lesser impact on the URR as well. The earned premium will not change 
and expense ratio is only an accounting number. Due to lower NWP, the expense ratio shows 
an increase. On a like-to-like basis, there is no increase. In fact, we are doing well on the 
expense ratio.  

  
                                   Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. – 29th January, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global. 
Please go ahead.  
Avinash Singh: 
The first question is with regards to data keeping. If we look at this impact on GWP from     "1/ 
N " that's close to Rs. 300 odd crore or like say 8% decline in the quarter. If I do sort of a very 
crude simple math assuming that the average tenure of the long-term policy to be 3 years, is it 
correct to assume that nearly close to 12% of your entire GWP in this quarter was kind of, 
impacted by this "1/N " accounting? Broadly, is 12% a figure for 1/N? So, that's question one.  
 
Secondly, and this is more from a very fundamental and directional perspective, you have been 
taking actions in terms of pricing or whatever you can do with your network hospital. Yet the 
claims ratio remains way beyond the comfort zone for a model as a standalone health insurer. 
I mean, you would like it to at least go below say 67 odd percent. Currently, you are running at 
70 plus for the 9 months. The question is how long do you see your action and the market 
reality is going to take before we are anywhere closer to the desirable sort of a range in terms 
of claims ratio? I mean, expense and all are sorted, so, there is not much I think that you can 
do there. It becomes imperative to do whatever you can on the claim side and there, of course, 
despite your actions, things are not kind of improving the way you would like to.  
 
What kind of a timeline would you see before these things start to play out and the numbers 
looks somewhere where you could be comfortable relatively?  
Amitabh Jain: 
On your second question regarding the loss ratio, if you look at sequentially, the loss ratio has 
come down from quarter 2 to quarter 3 by almost 1.4% but if you look further, if we segregate 
between retail and group, retail has actually come down by almost close to 2%, roughly 180 
basis points so, clearly there is an improvement.  
 
Yes, we would like it to be better than this and some of the actions that we have been taking 
are towards that but there has been a consistent increase in frequency and severity largely 
driven by heightened awareness in cashless availability, accessibility, active reach out by 
hospitals, and generally more higher preference for going for surgical interventions rather than 
going for conservative treatments and all.  
 
Keeping that in mind, we have taken consistent price increases across our products and by the 
time we enter Q4, which is our biggest quarter, we have already re-priced close to 65% of our 
retail portfolio so, to that extent, you know, I think whatever we need to do given all the 
changes we are seeing, we have done most of that and we should start seeing the impact of 
this coming in the next few quarters.  
 
As far as Banca and group business is concerned, yes, there has been more worsening on that 
side and those are annual policies where we can intervene much faster and do corrections 

  
                                   Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. – 29th January, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
much faster, those corrections we have already taken in Q3 and therefore going forward that 
would look better.  
Nilesh Kambli: 
Avinash, in terms of your first question, there is a mix of two years and three years as well. The 
long term for Q3 will be 9% of our portfolio. 91% continues to be one-year policy.  
Avinash Singh: 
Just as a follow-up, if it was 9%, then the impact, I mean, because of "1/N" that is coming close 
to 7-8%. I mean, if it was 9%, then typically you will account nearly, say, assuming that it took 
2-3 years, so, 3-odd percent you will account, so, impact should have been lesser, because the 
impact appears to be close to 8% of your premium. That's why I sort of asked that, if it is higher.  
Nilesh Kambli: 
Yes it will keep on normalizing as we keep on booking the premium going forward.  
Avinash Singh: 
Just a quick follow-up. I mean, how has been the growth trend looking so far in Jan? Because I 
mean, today we are on 29th, you would have senses because December for whatever reason, 
despite it's just more of a year end, was weak for industry, and you have sort of taken the price 
hike as well. What does the growth trend look like in the month of Jan?  
Anand Roy: 
As you rightly said, there has been a lot of changes in the quarter 3, both from regulatory 
framework as well as the macro situation so, we saw some disturbance that time but quarter 
4, January growth looks very positive. In fact, on all the areas, on the retail side we are doing 
very well and we hope to close this year on a very positive note.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead.  
Prayesh Jain: 
First question is on the expense ratio, right, that has stagnated around 30%, and we have been 
growing at 15-16%. Do we conclude out of this that the incremental acquisition is coming at a 
higher expense cost versus the, you know, what was the trend previously? And this is the levels 
or possibly even we can see some increase as the fresh-to-renewal ratio kind of increases 
further. Do you think that this expense of management ratio would continue to trend flattish 
or we can see some scale benefits if we grow at 15-16%? 
Nilesh Kambli: 
While it looks flattish, we have been improving our share of Banca business, which is benefit 
product, which is a higher procurement cost. The second factor is for retail business also the 
proportion of long term has been increasing for us so April to September also has a proportion 
of long-term business, and that gets accounted upfront under the erstwhile before "1 / N" rule. 
Hence, the expense ratio looks to be flattish as we implement 1/N, as we are getting scale 
benefits, this will keep on coming down as we speak.  We feel we will continue to get the 0.5%, 
0.75% benefit going ahead especially with "1/N" implementation as well.  
Prayesh Jain: 
You are saying including 1/N, there will be still benefits of 0.5%, 0.7%? 

  
                                   Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. – 29th January, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Nilesh Kambli: 
No, we have to normalize it for 1/N. On a like-to-like basis, there will be a benefit which will 
come in. It will move, the weight has moved up, and then it will keep on coming down again 
because the base has changed.  
 Prayesh Jain: 
If you can share the combined ratio of group and retail for the nine months that would be 
helpful. The suggestion was to start giving "1/N" numbers on a monthly basis, excluding      "1/ 
N" numbers on a growth basis on a monthly basis. That would be helpful to us. That was the 
suggestion, but the question is on the combined ratio of group and retail.  
Aditya Biyani: 
Duly noted. I think we have already shared the retail loss ratios and group loss ratios. 
Considering retail is more driven by an agency, we are a retail-driven organization so, more or 
less if you see our combined ratio for the organization will reflect the retail loss ratios and retail 
combined ratios too. In the future we will make a note of it and if possible we will try to share 
the combined ratios too but no commitment right now on the conference call.  
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Supratim Datta from Ambit. Please go ahead. 
Supratim Datta: 
My first question is on the loss ratio. You have repriced 65% of your portfolio and you expect 
that to positively impact loss ratios, but if I remember last year as well, you had repriced the 
FHO product, which contributed around 40% of your portfolio by around 25%. However, we 
haven't seen that positive impact come in this year. Your retail loss ratios for nine months is 
around 300-350 basis points higher than what we were doing last year. Just wanted to 
understand why do you think this time the pricing actions will be different from what happened 
last year? If you could give us some color on that because from a regulatory side, what we are 
seeing is the regulator keeps tightening, be it the kind of policies that you underwrite, that 
there is tightening on that or on the claims and claim repudiation, there seems to be more 
focus on that, both from a regulatory as well as political standpoint. In this backdrop, why do 
you think these current price hikes should be sufficient to drive an improvement? If you could 
give us some color on that, that's the first question.  
On the second one, I look at the Group business of yours, you went out of this in FY23. Again, 
you went in in FY24. You know, the idea was that SMEs will result in better loss ratios. However, 
that experience hasn't really played out. Now from here do you think that it’s better to exit this 
business again or do you think a price hike will be sufficient enough to address the issue 
because this is again a very highly competitive business at the overall level so just wanted to 
understand what our strategy going to be here from this point onwards, that again would give 
us some clarity. 
Lastly on the New business growth and the fresh business growth that you pointed out in the 
2nd Quarter you had indicated that the first half fresh business growth was around 31% and this 
time you are saying nine months is around 22%. Has there been a slowdown in the 3rd Quarter 

  
                                   Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. – 29th January, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
or how should we read that or have I gotten my data wrong, if you could give some clarity on 
that it would be helpful. 
Amitabh Jain: 
What is very clear is that pricing alone cannot solve for the entire portfolio loss ratio 
management and therefore along with price increases, we are taking various portfolio 
correction measures based on micro segmentation of our portfolio, which is to do with which 
products, which market, what kind of add-ons, etc, also, the overall strategy on what we do for 
specific markets in terms of the way we handle our distribution. All of that will go along with 
pricing to make some of these impacts and of course the work that is happening on the supply 
side, which is how we deal with the providers and so on. It's a 360-degree approach that we 
have to take and you know we are working on all of that to make things happen. We are aware 
that pricing alone won't and see we also have to be conscious that price increases beyond the 
point can be counterproductive because they might either lead to lower attention or may 
impact fresh sales. You know that also to be kept in mind while we are doing this, the whole 
idea is that we get to a cycle of good growth on the fresh side as well as have good retentions 
with the desired heed that we have designed in the increases, so that's how we are approaching 
it. 
Anand Roy: 
On your other two questions on Group and New Business growth, I think on the group side the 
strategy was always very clear to focus on the SME and mid-corporates and that's what we 
have been doing but as you have rightly pointed out even in those areas we have seen an 
elevated loss ratio compared to what we had initially planned for, and that's largely if you 
consider the whole industry’s loss ratio on the group side, it has increased and Star Health also 
as has felt the impact of course so, we continue with our strategy. There is no change in the 
strategy. We will keep focusing on the SME and the mid-corporate segments and as we have 
already mentioned in our opening remarks, it's a smaller portion of our overall business plan 
but we will continue the same strategy. As far as new business is concerned, we are growing 
very well. In fact, we are very confident of doing much better as we go forward because this 
new product of Superstar has really taken off very well for us on all the channels and we expect 
this to become even better going forward. First half and second-half comparison cannot be 
maintained because bulk of the business comes in second-half so the growth rate on new 
business seems to be very comfortable for us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama 
Wealth Management. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Good morning and thank you for taking my question. First, what is the extent of price hike that 
we're looking at and this again gives me some fear that we may lose market share as a result 
of taking continuous price hikes. I think we're taking a price hike on Family Health Optima, last 
year we had taken 25%. On top of it again, we're taking a price hike, right now. How are we 
going to contain that element?  

  
                                   Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. – 29th January, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Can you also, maybe I missed this what is the fresh business growth for nine months and for 
Q3, if you can give those two numbers. Lastly loss issues remain, sort of. Elevated so what is 
your expectation of the trajectory going forward into ‘26 and ’27, some sort of guidance could 
help us as to what sort of numbers you as management are probably going to be looking at or 
are working with. Those would be my questions.  
Anand Roy: 
See, the price hike is the reflection of the market reality, which for us mostly, obviously, is 
driven by medical inflation. You know, as long as India continues to have a very high medical 
inflation, insurance companies will have to keep pace with it so, this is not the first court of call 
as we have always mentioned, but even if you look at it, the annualized yield that we are 
targeting on every product price that we do is between 10% to 12%, so I think inflation is a 
reality and customers have to unfortunately pay for that, and that is how we are planning our 
strategies. We are very mindful of the sensitivity of this whole business. We know that retaining 
customers, making sure that they don't feel aggrieved is important so, we have also designed 
our pricing strategy in that manner so that you know most customers do not feel aggrieved by 
this whole incident. As far as FHO is concerned, yes, you know, we had taken a price increase 
two years ago, but we have decided to take one more this year so, that will continue. As far as 
retail fresh is concerned, we have grown at 22% or nine month on a GWP basis and 13 percent 
on NOP basis. Our strategy continues to be pushing both on the volume side and the value side 
led growth, which will continue, and we are very happy to see these numbers coming back on 
track. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
On the loss ratio sir what should we sort of start thinking? How should we think about it over 
‘26-27 like any improvement numbers that we should target at? 
Aditya Biyani: 
The price hikes have been taken and as we follow 1/365 method, the impact will be seen in the 
next 18 to 24 months. What's more important is the claim rejection rates have gone down and 
our customer NPS has gone up so, we are very cognizant of the fact that how the customer 
service delivery can be enhanced in these times. Price hikes have been taken only to mitigate 
medical inflation and this will continue going forward too so we will wait and see how it goes. 
The initial numbers when we have taken up a price hike the retentions have been good. We 
don't see any issue in our retention portfolio in the coming year. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Got it. If I could squeeze in one more question on the commission side. I understand that the 
larger aggregators are still not willing to accept yearly commissions and IRDAI does not allow 
deferring of this cost. In that context how have we dealt with this? It seems that we have 
managed to convert this for ourselves to a sort of yearly commission payment mechanism but 
I would like to hear your comments on that. Second is given this do you see industry dynamics 
changing in anyway because the EOM ratios for your competitors will then go up a lot more 
sharply than they would go up for yours. Does that help you in any way?  

  
                                   Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. – 29th January, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Anand Roy: 
I think you answered the question yourself. The EOM regulations do not put any cap on the 
payment of commissions, the accounting method for your gross written premium is what is 
changed so, on a case-to-case basis, we are discussing with our partners and we are taking 
decisions based on what is beneficial to start it. Yes, we do have some headroom on the EOM 
side as compared to some of our peers when we will utilize it strategically wherever needed. 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Uday Pai from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Uday Pai: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I have a couple of questions. The first one is can you quantify the 
blended impact of the price hike that you have taken in FY25 on your total portfolio? Second 
would be you had introduced premium discounting for customers with no claims, a product 
with that feature. Can you share what is the contribution of that product to GWP? And also, if 
I can squeeze in last one, what would be the loss ratios in the Banca channel? You mentioned 
that it is a high procurement cost channel, but can you also share the loss ratios in that 
Channel? Those would be my questions.  
Nilesh Kambli: 
The price hikes that we have taken are in the range of 8% to 9% of blended basis. In terms of 
Banca channel, you know we maintain a combined issue target which is below certain levels so 
very difficult to comment on the loss ratio, but these are very low loss ratios. These are 
attachment products, which are very beneficial to the customer. In the case of any need, these 
claims are paid out. 
Uday Pai: 
What is the contribution of the no claims premium discounting product. 
Nilesh Kambli: 
It's introduced for one of the products which is 30% of our portfolio as of now. It is introduced 
for SIP product. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Spark PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Thanks for the opportunity. If I were to look at nine months combined ratio it is 101.8 versus. 
98.2. This is largely due higher loss ratios and you know, this quarter we have seen OPEX and 
commission being higher, you partly alluded to the 1/N impact which is, started recently. What 
I wanted to understand is we are already following 1/365. What is the impact of 1/N for us and 
from here on how does the trajectory of combined ratios look forward on a ‘26 or you know 
near term basis for us because, we were already 1/365 in terms of revenue recognition, so with 
1/N is the impact still there, lesser? Are we better off? If you could give some insights that will 
be helpful. 
Nilesh Kambli: 
When we calculate the loss ratio the numerator is claims and the denominator is net earned 
premium and hence for loss ratio purposes, the 1/N stage will not create an impact When it 

  
                                   Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. – 29th January, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
comes to expense ratio, that denominator is net written premium. While the NEP does not get 
impacted because of 1/N, the net premium does get impacted because GWP is going down and 
hence the expense ratio looks to be elevated by 1.6% for the quarter that is on a like-to-like 
basis, we see that the expense ratio is flat. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Are you saying that for Q3, if I were to take this impact, it is higher by 1.6%. 
Nilesh Kambli: 
Yes because of the 1/N impact otherwise last year it was 30.3% expense ratio, now it is 30.2% 
which is flattish. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
As you know, we build the book end and we are looking at growth coming forward from Q4 
onwards. I'm not looking at a specific guidance but ideally in what direction should we be 
looking at for the combined ratios going forward, how lower can they be? Some kind of a 
direction? 
Aditya Biyani: 
When we started this year, we had given that we would like to double our top line and work 
towards an IFRS path. Right now, at this critical juncture where there are so many regulatory 
and accounting changes happening, I think what's more important is whether the segment is 
growing and for us as retail players, whether the fresh business is going up or not. I think that 
is where the agency, the digital, the Banca retail, everyone is focusing on it and our growth has 
been very good. In fact, our retail fresh growth has been almost in the range of 22% -odd and 
is followed by a very good volume growth. More than anything, I think we should be focusing 
more on the IFRS path towards Financial Year ‘28 and whether we can keep growing at the rate 
which we have envisaged, which is 18%-odd, reaching and doubling our top line from Financial 
Year ‘24. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take a next question from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. Please go 
ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Hi, good morning, Sir. So, just a few questions. First, you know, when I look at your renewal 
premium growth, that tends to be in the retail health side, my calculations say that it should 
be around 10% to 13% range and you also mentioned the blended price hikes that you have 
taken over the last nine months is around 8% to 10%. Broadly speaking, I just want to 
understand how has the retail persistency ratio been holding up if I look at the number of 
policies? That will be my first question.  
Secondly, What I understand is in your Group business you have scaled up the Banca business 
over the past maybe 8 to 10 quarters. Despite that, the claims are standing at like more than 
80%. I just wanted to understand on the employer-employee side what would be the mix today 
in your Group Health and how has that segment really behaved including large corporates.  

  
                                   Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. – 29th January, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
And last question one is on the overall book, let's say that you have originated post let's say 
FY22 or maybe in the last 10 to 12 quarters. What would be the composition of this new book?  
Anand Roy: 
 We have seen definitely an improvement in the renewal persistency this year at 87% in the 
number of policies as compared to 84% in the last quarter of FY24. I think you know the focus 
is on ensuring that customers renew their plans. We put significant efforts in reaching out to 
customers, giving them the ease of payment options and also most of these renewals happens 
digitally. I think this is something that we will continue to focus on. Our aim is to make sure 
customers continue to get the benefit of having a Star Health policy and do not fall out of the 
franchise. On the Banca side, there has been a slowdown in the PSU banks. You are aware that 
there has been multiple challenges on the Bancassurance business in terms of regulatory 
interventions, in terms of oversight by the ministry on insurance sales in banks. All of this has 
definitely affected the business growth than what we had planned, but we are very positive of 
the partners that we have, we continue to add new partners on the Bancassurance space and 
I definitely think this is an area on which we will remain focused. On the Group side, I had 
mentioned in my opening remarks is a small business that's 4% of our portfolio, focusing largely 
on SME and mid-corporates but yes, there has been a deterioration in the loss ratios on the 
Group side for industry and as well as for Star Health. We are taking some corrective measures 
in terms of the pricing and selection of business so that you know this business can continue 
to be profitable in the long run.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Jayant Kharote from Jefferies. Please 
go ahead. 
Jayant Kharote: 
First question is regarding volume growth. If you could quantify the volume growth for this 
quarter for the firm and for the nine months and how is that shaping up? I'll come back with 
the second one. 
Nilesh Kambli: 
50% continues to be volume growth for the first nine months and 50% is the value growth that 
we are seeing you know with the price increase, which is effective December and Jan, we will 
see higher proportion of value going forward, but for the 9 months it is 50/50. 
Jayant Kharote: 
Can you just quantify the number for the quarter, for the Retail Health? 
Nilesh Kambli: 
It's around 7% volume growth and 7% is the value growth. 
Jayant Kharote: 
One the claim side one thing is clear that this claims is not a Star issue, it is a broader industry 
issue and over the last three quarters is becoming more and more apparent. So, a slightly 
longer-term question that how do we address this issue that there's not dispersion of patients 
across hospitals and of course the issue of supply of the bed size, we see a lot of P/E 
investments coming in for the next but these hospitals take time to scale up and mature. So, 
what role can you, as a market leader play to sort of accelerate these hospital maturity cycles 

  
                                   Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Ltd. – 29th January, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
so that the supply of beds increases and at least the severity can if not decline, at least stop 
growing at this pace? 
Amitabh Jain: 
This is something that Star and of course industries really trying to kind of get solutions for and 
it is not one particular thing or one particular strategy that will work, but one of the things that 
we have been working with the GI Council is to get to discussion with the major hospital groups 
to agree on certain basic hygiene, for example, the way billing happens, the kind of billing heads 
that get bill to customers and to insurers. What could be the basic protocol for medical 
admissions? Since we are seeing a heightened reach out to have admissions even for very basic 
medical requirements like simple fevers and so on. That is one. Two is of course, you know, 
how we sort of combine as an industry to look at what we can do on creating more awareness 
amongst customers to be more aware of wellness and health conditions and make that as a 
first protocol., In the long run ultimately, a healthy customer base will lead to a healthy 
portfolio so those are some of the things that we are doing. Third is specifically, Star is going 
all out to kind of use all the preventive measures that can be done, for example, we have been 
running a program on containing re-admission rates where we have seen a very appreciable 
movement of roughly 20% reduction in re-admissions that we have been driving post admission 
happen so, those are the kind of measures, a 360-degree approach that we will have to take to 
kind of contain some of this and of course we have been talking to the government for a 
regulator for the hospital industry, which I think is very essential for some of these things to 
fall in place.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Nilesh Kambli from Star Health and Allied Insurance Company 
Limited for closing comments. Over to you. 
Nilesh Kambli: 
Thank you everyone for joining. We are experiencing good growth in our retail business with 
expansion in our product and distribution profile. We are excited about Quarter 4, which is the 
largest quarter in terms of the premium for us. With the pricing intervention taken in December 
and Jan ‘25, the financials will continue to improve going ahead. Thanks for joining the call. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
                                    This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender 
takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure 
high level of accuracy. 
