February 03, 2025 
The BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
SCRIP CODE: 543066 
SECURITY: Equity Shares/Debentures 
Dear Sirs, 
MAKING LI FE SIMPLE 
The National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex. 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
SYMBOL: SBICARD 
SECURITY: Equity Shares 
Re: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript - SBI Card 3O'FY25 Earnings Call 
In compliance with the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Schedule III Part A of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, transcript of the 
Earnings Call held on January 28, 2025 with analysts/ investors, has been made 
available on the website of the Company at the below mentioned link. Further, the same 
is also attached herewith for reference. 
https: //www.sbicard.com/ en/who-we-are/analyst-investor-meeting.page 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
Payal Mittal Chhabra 
Chief Compliance Officer & Company Secretary 
Date & Time of event: - January 28, 2025 at 07:15 PM 
Encl:.aa 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Ltd. 
DLF Infinity Towers, Tower C, 
12th Floor, Block 2, Building 3, 
DLF Cyber City, Gurugram - 122002, 
Haryana, India 
Tel.: 0124-4589803 
Email: customercare@sbicard.com 
Website, sbicard.com 
Registered Office: 
Unit 401 & 402, 4th. Floor, Aggarwal Millennium Tower, 
E 1,2,3, Netaji Subhash Place, Wazirpur, New Delhi - 110034 
CIN - L65999DL 1998PLC093849 
PAYAL 
MITTAL 
CHHABRA
Digitally signed by 
PAYAL MITTAL 
CHHABRA 
Date: 2025.02.03 
16:00:36 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 28, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ABHIJIT CHAKRAVORTY – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER 
 
MR. GIRISH BUDHIRAJA – CHIEF SALES AND MARKETING OFFICER 
 
MS. RASHMI MOHANTY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. SHANTANU SRIVASTAVA – CHIEF RISK OFFICER 
 
MS. NANDINI MALHOTRA – CHIEF CREDIT OFFICER  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the SBI Cards and Payment Services 
Limited Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the call, please signal an operator 
by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhijit Chakravorty, MD and CEO, SBI Cards. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. I am pleased to welcome you to the Earnings Call, along 
with my senior management team. 
 
Digital Economy & Credit Card Market Momentum 
• Projections indicate that the digital economy will account for 20% of the GDP by 2026 and 
exceed USD 1 trillion by 2028.  
• UPI transactions, for example, saw an 8% month-on-month increase in volume to 16.73 
billion in December 2024, the highest volume for the digital system since it became 
operational in April 2016.  
• As per the RBI December 2024 data, credit card spends has grown to ₹1.88 lakh crore  in 
value terms, with transaction values exceeding ₹1.14 trillion on e-commerce platforms. 
This trend further highlights the increasing preference on credit for online purchases. 
 
SBI Card: Key Contributor 
• At SBI Card, we understand and remain committed to focusing on the Indian credit card 
industry's growth potential and increasing digital payment adoption. 
• As India’s largest pure play credit card player, with a 18.7% market share of cards in force, 
we are well-positioned to drive the sector's strong growth. 
• A significant milestone for us this quarter has been surpassing the 2 crore cards-in-force 
mark in Dec’24, reflecting SBI Card's expanding customer base and market presence.  
 
SBI Card Business Overview 
Let us now look at SBI Card’s Business Overview in Q3 FY25. We have sustained growth 
trajectory with strong business performance, while continuing to focus on customer 
experience and operational efficiency. 
 
Key Initiatives:  
• We rolled out many customer centric initiatives and campaigns. For instance, the 
‘Khushiyon Ka Utsav’ promotional campaign during the festive period (Oct - Nov 2024). 
o 100+ festive offers were introduced across varied categories on an array of brands and 
segments. 
o Collaboration with e-commerce platforms Amazon and Flipkart were launched to drive 
high-spend customer engagement & penetration. 
• During the quarter we have launched our Hyper Personalization platform and have 
commenced running campaigns. The platform now gives us the capability to run 
customized and targeted campaigns. 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
• The key objective of Hyper Personalization platform is to enhance Customer Lifetime 
Value through personalized Customer engagement. This will be done through: 
• 
Scaling up and augmenting existing capabilities to more than ten times. 
• 
Achieve higher levels of personalization and one-to-one communication through SBI 
Card mobile app. 
• We continue to grow end-to-end digital acquisition capabilities. For instance, owing to 
integration of SBI Card SPRINT platform with SBI YONO and internet banking, majority 
of BANCA new account acquisition is now being achieved digitally. 
• We have leveraged AI to automate Dedupe stage in application processing journey, 
bringing in efficiency, cost benefits & error proofing on application decisioning.  
• We continue to focus on varied ESG initiatives. Our commitment to sustainability 
continues to deliver results, as evidenced by our consistent ‘A’ rating from MSCI (Morgan 
Stanley Capital International - Registered with SEBI to provide ESG ratings to companies) 
this year.  
• Our ESG Risk Rating of 16.5 from Sustainalytics places us in the ‘low risk’ category. 
These ratings reflect our dedication to integrating ESG principles into our business 
operations. 
 
SBI Card Financial Performance in Q3 FY25 
Coming to financial performance, the results for the company for the quarter are in line with 
the seasonality of the business. The key financial highlights are: 
• New Accounts:  
• 
I am pleased to share that during this quarter we have achieved a significant 
milestone. Our cards-in-force (CIF) have crossed the 2-crore mark, witnessing a 
healthy 10% YoY growth.  
• 
During Q3 FY25, our new account acquisition was at 11.75 lakh with a 7% YoY 
growth.  
• 
This is significant, considering our continued focus on selective acquisition during 
past few quarters, and to grow in a calibrated manner. 
• 
SBI Card CIF market share in Q3 FY25 is 18.7% (As per RBI Dec’24 data).  
• 
Share of new accounts sourcing from Banca and Open Market channels stands at 
55% and 45 % respectively.  
• Spends:  
• 
Retail spends remain strong at Rs 80,792 Cr with 10% YoY increase.  
• 
Corporate spends are stable at Rs 5,301 Cr 
• 
SBI Card spends market share is 15.6% (As per RBI Dec’24 data).  
• 
Retail spends per average card have remained steady at Rs 1.62 lakhs similar to Q3 
FY24, despite festival season being spread over sept and Q3 this year. 
• 
Category comprising of consumer durables, furnishings and hardware, apparel and 
jewellery, witnessed 36% YoY growth for the nine-month period this fiscal. 
• 
Online spends are robust, with a share of around 58.5% of total retail spends for the 
nine-month period. 
• 
RuPay card spends at UPI terminals continue to grow and have shown a growth of 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
more than 45% over the previous quarter. 
o 
Department stores & grocery, utilities, fuel, apparel and restaurants, 
continue to be among the top five categories for UPI spends. 
o 
Tier II+ customers are utilising this facility more as it increases the number 
of acceptance outlets for RuPay card. 
• Revenue:  
• 
Total revenue has grown to Rs 4,767 Cr, almost similar to last year. It is higher by 
5% QoQ contributed by both interest and the fee income.  
• 
PAT for the quarter is at Rs 383 Cr, 30% lower YoY.  
• Receivables:  
• 
Receivables as on 31st Dec 24, are at 54,773 Cr, registering a 12% YoY growth.  
• 
Receivables per card is Rs 27,052 vs Rs 26,438 in Q3 FY24.  
• 
Interest earning asset and revolver rate is stable at 60% and 24% respectively. 
• 
With newer and quality vintages reflecting a lower revolver rate, we expect the 
receivables to grow at a lower rate.  
 
• Cost of Funds:  
• 
Cost of funds (CoF) has remained stable at 7.4%.  
• 
We expect CoF to remain at around current levels going forward till we see any rate 
cut action.  
• 
Our Cost to Income for Q3 FY25 is at 53.5%, almost similar QoQ, owing to festive 
offers during the quarter. 
 
• Asset Quality: 
Coming to the asset quality for the Company. 
• 
The refreshed data from the credit bureaus suggests that the Credit Card Industry 
defaults have remained elevated due to the continued stress in unsecured portfolio. 
• 
We have been taking several steps to strengthen our New Acquisition, Underwriting 
and Portfolio Management framework. As a result, we have been seeing a continuing 
reduction in our flows into delinquency and an improvement in the delinquencies of 
the new acquisitions.  
• 
The asset quality composition is also improving and is moving towards higher 
bureau scores, as indicated by the increased proportion of the Prime and Above 
Prime segments in the New Acquisitions, as well as the overall Portfolio. This is 
evidenced in the following: 
o 
Our GNPA for the quarter has remained stable at 3.24% as compared to 
3.27% in the previous quarter. We expect the GNPA ratio to start 
improving now. 
o 
The Gross credit cost has increased by 40 Bps to 9.4% from 9% in the 
previous quarter.  
• 
We believe we are at an inflection point in our credit cycle. As we further intensify 
our efforts on tightening underwriting standards, portfolio management, and 
collections, we expect the credit costs to start moderating. The rate of moderation 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
will depend on the changes in the unsecured lending ecosystem and macroeconomic 
factors. 
 
• Liquidity and Capital Adequacy:  
• 
Our liquidity position continues to be strong.  
• 
Capital Adequacy Ratio (CAR) for the period ended December 31, 2024, is at a 
healthy 22.9% as compared to around 18.4% in the same period last fiscal. This will 
support our growth aspirations. 
• 
Liquidity coverage ratio for Q3 FY25 is 114% as against statutory requirement of 
100%.  
• 
ROAA for the quarter is 2.4%, and for the nine-month period is 3%. 
 
The credit card industry continues to offer growth opportunities.  As per reports, the number of 
credit cards in use in India is projected to continuously increase, as per projections up to 2029. 
As India’s largest pure play credit card player, we realize the potential and are well geared to 
take advantage of these opportunities. 
 
Thank you! Now, we are open to questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Sir, I have a few questions that if you see your write-offs, they continue to increase, and other 
provisions are declining. So, what would give you the confidence that write-offs would taper 
off from fourth quarter, because that is what will bring down credit costs, right? Or is it that 
asset quality will start improving and then credit cost will improve with the lag? I mean how 
do we view this? When do we see credit costs improving? And what would drive that? Write-
offs, they have been continuously rising and sharply. So, will they taper off now? Is this the 
peak? That's my first question. 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
Thank you for the question. what we have seen in the financials, the lesser provision is 
indicating towards a better asset mix, the Stage 2 and Stage 3 composition has reduced, and we 
are seeing it to continue during the quarter. As we stated just now, we are also seeing reduction 
in into X that is into delinquency. All this taken together now gives us an indication that things 
are going to improve from here onwards. 
 
We see that from next quarter, the improvement should be visible, to what extent, which will 
depend on how the larger portion of our Stage 3 will behave. If you strictly speak about write-
offs, you will be knowing that we have an NPA pool. We continue to work upon them. The 
NPA pool has reduced, we continue to work upon them and extract most out of it will depend 
to what extent the write-offs will be reducing. So, we do see an inflection point, whether it is 
gross NPA and the credit cost, both concerned. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Okay. And so basically, from Q4, it should look better. We don't know how much better. 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
Exactly. Let me go back to couple of quarters earlier call, where we had indicated that what we 
are seeing over the quarters with that by year-end, we were expecting the improvements to 
come up. And today, what we can see is that we will be adhering to what we expected. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Got it, sir. And, what kind of receivables loan growth can be built for the next year? What do 
you think? 
Girish Budhiraja: 
Mahrukh, as you are aware that for last almost 6 to 7 quarters, we have been very selective in 
our new customer acquisition, and that asset is building up. As you can see that the receivable 
growth has slowed down. At On a year-on basis, for this quarter, you have seen a 12% 
receivable growth. Next year, what we are looking at is in the range of somewhere around 12% 
to 15% as the receivable growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Krishnan ASV from HDFC Securities. 
Krishnan ASV: 
As Girish just mentioned, it's been nearly 2 years since our origination has been tweaked, 
improved just to get better quality of sourcing. Despite that, the write-offs or the overall credit 
costs seem to be hitting a record high almost every quarter. Also, it's fairly evident that the 
collection environment has been fairly tight, has been fairly difficult both for banks and 
NBFCs. In this, I just wanted to understand what is it that SBI Cards can control other than 
sourcing because we do a fab job in sourcing now. But other than sourcing, is there anything 
else in your control because that's what the franchise gets value for. What is it that you're able 
to control in the rest of the variable? 
Nandini Malhotra: 
So, we've seen and even the market reports suggest that because of the rapid build-up of the 
retail lending going through a boom, especially personal loans, the leverage has been built up. 
So, what we have done is, to understand customers who have increase in leverage or who will 
display tendency to increase leverage basis their behavior, basis their transaction pattern and 
take prompt actions, so that we can at least reduce our exposure to these customers. So, we can 
do that, and we have talked about limit decrease in the past as well. we continue to enhance 
our early warning framework, so that we continue to identify and take action before these 
customers go into delinquency. Because once they go into delinquency, as you rightly said, the 
environment is tough. So, we have to cut our losses, before if we identify the right set of 
customers, we managed through that successfully over the last few quarters. 
Shantanu Srivastava: 
The success of these actions is being felt in the performance metrics that we track. So, for 
example, for the first time in several quarters, the 30-day delinquency and the 90-day 
delinquency have come off appreciably by 20 basis points. And, we see similar trends in the 
industry. And, the performance metrics around our flows into delinquency, as MD sir 
mentioned, they have been improving. They've been improving consistently over the last 1 
year. And this takes time to show up in results, and we're seeing the beginnings of that right 
now. At the same time, the other half of the equation, which is the flows from delinquent pool 
into write-off pool that also for the first time in several quarters have started improving. 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Krishnan ASV: 
Okay, understood. Just 1 other question. This was majorly to do with what proportion of your 
customers have been defaulting. So, 1 is obviously the value that we tend to report in this 
quarter. But what proportion of these customers are reflecting in that credit cost of 9% last 
quarter, 9.4% this quarter. How many of these customers are still there in the pool, who can 
spring a surprise only? 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
We don't disclose these numbers, Krishnan, first. And 2, in case of a product like a credit card, 
which is revolving where customers can come and pay you any time of the month, it's very 
difficult to track and at our point in time measure as to how many have defaulted and how 
many have not defaulted. 
Girish Budhiraja: 
If the average asset is INR27,000, you can calculate that when the customer is defaulting on an 
overall basis, it's over close to 1 lakh or so. So, you can estimate what is the number of 
customers. 
Krishnan ASV: 
Yes, that's correct, Girish. I was just wondering whether these are customers who have 
leverage even more than the average balance. That's what I'm trying to get at. Is that the reason 
they are defaulting? 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
Obviously, they have high leverage, yes. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Piran Engineer from CLSA. 
Piran Engineer: 
Just a clarification on what you said as an answer to the previous question, what was INR1 
lakh? Is it the average ticket size of an NPA account? 
Girish Budhiraja: 
No. So, this is close to INR1 lakh is you have to take it, it's not an exact number. It's in that 
range. This is the average what you would say balance of a defaulting customer. The customer 
gets into a write-off or becomes a defaulter, which is the kind of balance that it is. Otherwise, 
the average asset is around close to INR27,000, which you can see from the statement. 
Piran Engineer: 
Yes. So, the NPL average is INR1 lakh. The average NPA customer has 1 lakh with you. 
Girish Budhiraja: 
Close. This is not the exact number. That's what we stated. It is brought around in that range. 
Piran Engineer: 
Fair enough. So, my first question is, you all have spoken about how the new customers have 
lower delinquency trends, the cards that you sourced in the last 1 or 2 years. How are the 
revolve trends versus earlier vintages that were sourced? 
Girish Budhiraja: 
We are able to see after 3 to 4 quarters, we see the revolve trends for vintage more than 6 to 9 
months, which we have acquired as of now, but slightly lower than what is the average of the 
portfolio. We would continue to view them over a period of time and see how they develop 
further, but they are slightly at the lower end of the spectrum. 
Piran Engineer: 
Okay. Fair enough. And just secondly, in terms of what happens, when an NPL customer pays 
you back. Do you reinstate the same limit? Or how does it work? Or is this credit card just cut 
off? 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Nandini Malhotra: 
So, if the customer pays back his entire due and becomes current for some set of customers, we 
feel now to be creditworthy, we will reinstate, but we may not reinstate at the same limit. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Shweta from Elara. 
Shweta: 
Sir, I recall last quarter, you were mentioning the strong repayment history led customers also 
were facing slight difficulties in repayments. And second, the stress was also apparent for 
customers with higher credit card limits. So how is the scenario now? 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
The scenario is what we see in our NPA pool continues to be almost the same. We see the mix 
continuing. So, when we see that our write-offs have gone up, the composition remains varied. 
As we saw earlier, the mix it will be an older vintage also our customer doing well and being a 
transactor or being turning to revolver, again, turning to transactor having a good history then 
defaulting. That trends we have seen and since our NPA pool continues to have this kind of a 
mix, we will continue to watch them and having a close look at them after having taken 
whatever portfolio actions, which we could have taken on them. 
 
As I said, that based on whatever portfolio actions we have taken, somewhere the delinquency 
inflows are lower. So overall, the mix continues to be on a better side. Probably people are 
able to manage with whatever limits they have. They are transacting within what the limit we 
give. So, it will depend on what the NPA pool behaves over the next quarter. 
Shweta: 
Sure. Fair point. Sir, second revolver portfolio, although marginal -- has seen marginal spike, 
and given the current scenario, shall we read negatively into this revolver and potentially this 
could be an NPA customer or how are the indications for the revolver pool customer behavior? 
Girish Budhiraja: 
No, Shweta. At the end of September quarter, we had very clearly stated that the numbers there 
because of festival season having started somewhere around 18, 19th of September, you would 
-- there was a lot of transactor NEA, which got built up. Hence, the ratios were looking slightly 
different. We had stated in September quarter itself that this would normalize by end of 
December. So, this revolver has been stable as of now for last 4, 5 quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Nishant Shah from Millennium. 
Nishant Shah: 
A couple of questions from me. Just a follow-up question first about Mahrukh's question that 
this quarter we see like a 40 bps rise and you're saying categorically that this is the peak. How 
should we think about modelling for credit costs going ahead? You've answered this a bit 
qualitatively that it depends on the macro environment. But any initial kind of like guidance or 
in a range that you can give that is this something which is like a peak and a plateau? Or is it a 
peak and a reversal? Like will the normalization be much sharper given the kind of sourcing 
we've done. How should we think about like the downward normalization of these credit costs? 
Like say, for FY '26 or '27, more like longer term, if you could give some guidance about how 
we should think about where the Credit costs should settle? That's question one. I'll ask my 
next question later. 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
I will repeat, very difficult to give a firm number of credit costs considering what uncertainties 
we have seen over a period of time. As I said that the customer behavior has been changing 
very sharply over a period of time and there is a segment of customer, which, I have stated it 
earlier also, there is a segment of customer which was flowing into a write-off straightaway 
without paying me a single penny with all that taken together and on 1 side. On the other side, 
whatever portfolio actions we have taken, whatever collection efforts that we continue to make 
on early into the buckets. All that taken together has already given us this has brought us to a 
stage where we are seeing the Stage 1, Stage 2 composition significantly better even the Stage 
3 composition has come down. 
 
Now this should not be related to the present credit cost. When we are saying, if there is an 
improvement in the asset quality and the stages, definitely, it will translate to the credit cost. 
How much? to what extent? It will depend. We would like to see it over a period of time 
ourselves and very difficult to give a guidance for entire FY '26 at this stage. 
Nishant Shah: 
Okay. Fair enough. And the second question also on the ROA piece. So, like around before 
COVID, we used to operate at a much higher level of revolver and with the new sourcing that 
you've done, it's some like understandably at like a different revolver mix. How should we 
think about as like the delinquencies start to come off, hopefully? Should the revolver mix start 
to inch up from here? Or is this like the new level of revolver that we should kind of like 
model in that 25% or thereabouts is what like the new normal for the industry or for you guys. 
Any thoughts around that would be helpful. Initially, if I recall, a lot of reduction in revolver 
was also attributed to fintech players doing a lot of STPL and small loans, that market seems to 
have slowed down significantly. So, is there something to think about that's like revolver mix 
to start slowly kind of inching up from here? 
Girish Budhiraja: 
Nishant, as I was stating earlier, in fact, some of the new vintages that we are getting are as of 
now showing a slightly lower revolving behavior when the average spectrum that we have, we 
don't expect the revolve rates to inch up from here at all. If they remain stable or a percentage 
point down. That would be a good place to be.  
We are, however, trying to work more at the point-of-sale EMI conversion and the other 
product, which is we call as FlexPay, which is where the customer can convert the spend 
before the payment due date into instalments, so that is the portion on which we are working at 
and more activity is being done there. We are not trying to induce the customers to revolve at 
this stage at all. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Pranav Gundlapalle from Bernstein. 
Pranav Gundlapalle: 
1 question on your sourcing shift that you have done, you look back pre-COVID, you had a 
certain model for sourcing, which hasn't helped on the underwriting front, but it did allow you 
to grow or maintain a certain market share. Now that you have tightened your sourcing 
strategy, do you think the growth will be a lot lower versus the industry? Or is it more you 
have now throttled it down because of the environment. But even with this new approach, 
you'll be able to grow at the same pace as you did pre-COVID, let's say? 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Girish Budhiraja: 
You are wanting to ask whether we will continue to keep growing our market share. 
Pranav Gundlapalle: 
If you're sourcing better customers, can you still grow at the same pace as what you used to do 
in the past? 
Girish Budhiraja: 
 The growth rate at this point of time, in the near future, in the next 3 to 4 quarters, what we are 
looking at is that the growth rate will slightly come down. So, it will not be at the rate of 30% 
or so, which was happening earlier. But it is spends are looking at around 18%, 20%. So, this 
is how we are looking at the growth rates as of now in the near future. But we will continue to 
add new customers and maintain market share and grow market share. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Roshan Chutkey from ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund. 
Roshan Chutkey: 
I wanted to understand how the minimum due paying customers, just about minimum due 
paying customers, not necessarily the entire revolver pool, just the minimum due paying 
customers, how has that been trending for us past few quarters? 
Shantanu Srivastava: 
We don't share that data. 
Roshan Chutkey: 
I don't want the data around it, just the trend of it, if you can talk a little bit about it? 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
Yes, that is improving. So, we can just share that the number is improving. 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
It's a combination. you have to look at the combination. It is the minimum due being paid or 
entire due is being paid, all that together has contributed to the improvement that you are 
seeing now. It's not a stand-alone activity result that where only minimum due is being paid 
out. It's a combination of both the entities, minimum dues as well as the total dues being paid, 
all that taken together has contributed to the improvements what we are seeing. 
Roshan Chutkey: 
I asked the question was essentially because if the pool of customers is just about paying 
minimum due, that means probably they are stressed, right? That is an indication of stress in 
some sense, right? So that is the reason I've asked this question. But if you are saying that 
things are increasing, it's good to hear, sir. 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
Not necessarily. They also get converted over FlexPays and the EMIs also. 
Roshan Chutkey: 
Right. Understood. Okay. And the other question I had is, just sir mentioned that the –the 
incoming pool into the written off bucket is improving. But when I look at the data to 22% 
increase sequentially, right? What was 90-plus for us at the end of Q2 has probably been 
written off at the end of this third quarter now, right? If that is an increase of 22%, how are we 
saying that the write-off pool is also improving? 
Shantanu Srivastava: 
The metric we spoke about earlier, there were 4 metrics that we wanted to allude to. One was 
the flow into delinquency. The second was delinquency to write-off. So, the first has been 
coming down sequentially month-on-month almost for the past 12 months. But the second part 
of the equation, which was the flow from delinquency into write-off. That flow has not been 
coming down, it was actually increasing for the better part of the last 12 months. 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
 
In the last 3 months, however, it has been coming down. So that reversal or that change in 
trend has happened about 3 months ago, and that is what is contributing to the outlook that we 
are giving to you right now. It's also measured by 2 other metrics, which is 30 plus and 90 
plus. Both have been coming down for us and also for the industry over the last quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Dhaval from DSP. 
Dhaval: 
A couple of questions. First is on the credit cost. So, if you look at the sort of normalized level 
of credit cost for the business was about 6%, 6.5%. And if you look at the 9-month number is 
about 8-odd percent net credit cost, do you think based on the current metrics that we are 
seeing next year credit cost should be around the 9-month level? Or do you think there is scope 
that it can fall even further from where we are. Like qualitatively, if you can just think about 
when we should normalize basically, that's the eventual question. So that's the first one. 
 
And the second is relating to cost-to-income. Any thoughts that you have on where the 
business is headed with this change in the underwriting that we've done. What's the cost-to-
income sort of steady state that one should think about for the current underwriting that we are 
doing? 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
The first one, I already stated that it's very difficult to give a number and predict a number, I 
mean, we will see how it goes. But then, as I said, we are seeing a gradient, an inflection point 
reached and then it should improve here onwards. it's very difficult to give a credit cost 
number, the aspiration can be anything. But then having seen so much happening in the market 
and in our portfolio, impacting our portfolio over the last almost 4 to 5 quarters, it will be 
unfair to give a number without really seeing how the gradient takes shape. 
Dhaval: 
As an external investor, what should one look at, to get confident that we'll be closing to 8% 
for next year or 6.5% like,  what is that 1 or 2 metrics that you think we should look at so that 
you can get comfortable as an investors? It's a sort of very important question. When you say 
peak is understandable, but it can be like 100 bps reduction and thereafter stabilization like 
Nishant asked and it can be like a sharp fall. So that's what we're trying to get through. 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
You have to go back to a couple of quarters, when early into the year, when we had stated, that 
it will not be a sharp fall. We are on record on that because it can never happen that anything 
can improve overnight. Then if something improves overnight and then something was wrong 
in the entire system. So, no. What we are saying is we'll wait to see how it happens, and then 
we will together see, how it improves. But then we are projecting an improvement. That's what 
we will continue to say as of now. 
Dhaval: 
Got it. Got it. And on cost-to-income... 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
Dhaval, the numbers in the last 2 quarters, have been around 53.5%. These two were the 
festive quarters, so the number was higher. Quarter 4 number on the cost-to-income will be 
lower. But on average, as we've said earlier as well, the number should be around that 50%, 
55% in a very broad range, but around 52% kind of a number for the year. 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from Manan Agarwal from ICICI Securities. 
Manan Agarwal: 
Yes. I want to ask about the collection efficiency for the last part of December. 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
We don't disclose the number, Manan. The trend is improving. As I think a lot of data points, 
otherwise, we have been sharing between MD sir and Shantanu and Nandini they've shared a 
lot of other data points, which indicate that the collection trends are improving. 
Manan Agarwal: 
And I attended all the con-calls of microfinance companies. It is estimated that Q4 will peak 
out for the microfinance industry for credit cards and all. So, what's your take on FY '26? In 
particular about the credit cost and ROA? 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
As we've been saying, and I'll repeat whatever has been said by the speakers earlier that we are 
saying there is an inflection point. And I think we'll have to wait for the quarter 4 results to 
come out to be able to give you any direction for FY '26. The indications from whatever 
metrics at Shantanu and Nandini have shared, they are showing a positive trend. But the 
quantum, etc., is something which we still will have to wait for the full quarter results to come 
out. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavik Dave from Nippon Mutual Fund. 
Bhavik Dave: 
Just a question, again, I'm circling back to the credit cost or the write-off comment that you're 
trying to address here. So, if I do a very simple math, where I take your gross write-offs and if 
I divide it by 3. I get a number of INR450-odd crores that we may be doing, obviously, do not 
like exactly, but that will be the number that we'll be clocking monthly. And you were like 
doing INR350-odd crores previously in the previous quarter is what I see, if I divide the gross 
write-off number by 3, right? Very, very basic math.  
 
Are we saying that this INR450-odd crores monthly that we were maybe writing off, that 
number has significantly come off because without data point, just like qualitatively talking 
about this number going down makes little sense, right? Because if you give us a trend line 
that this number is like coming back to that INR300-odd crores level, and that's the way to 
think about it. It will be great if you could just help us with this, that where are we going in 
terms of monthly write-offs because unfortunately, we're not seeing any like good trends in 
terms of slippages because when I see our slippage numbers that are still like on the higher 
side. So just wanted to get a sense on this one here. 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
So again, I will repeat. So, it's too early to give any numbers, too early to predict what will be 
the reduction. We have to see a scenario, where there is a segment of customers, who are 
sitting in an NPA pool. And proceeding towards write-off unless we are able to collect from 
them and/or hold on to them wherever they are. So, it's a combination of all these actions taken 
together will define how many of them will get written off and what will be the amount. So, it 
varies quarter-over-quarter. But as we said, that since we have seen a lesser inflow into stage 3 
altogether. Somewhere, it will result into a lower write-off. 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Shantanu Srivastava: 
Also on the performance metrics, slippages have actually improved in this quarter and so has 
the PCR rate and the ECL rate and also the GNPA rate, although up marginally. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Nitin Aggarwal from Motilal Oswal. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
Sir, firstly, if I look at the proportion of salaried customer, like this quarter in terms of new 
sourcing has come down. So, while you mentioned that, we are pretty much close to the peak 
in terms of credit cost and things should likely improve. So how do you really compare 
between the self-employed and salaried in terms of their repayment behavior? That's one. 
 
And secondly, where you said that revolve rate, we are not expecting any improvement from 
here. I just wanted to like check on as to how is the revolve rate difference between UPI and 
non-UPIs, because UPI is something which, while it is small today, but it is growing fairly 
fast. So how should one look at it in the medium term? 
Nandini Malhotra: 
So, in terms of salaried versus self-employed, so in self-employed definitely the focus more is 
to look at the cash flows. And whatever sourcing we do, we do look at their bank account 
information. Whether it is from the account aggregator channel or if the sourcing is from the 
Banca channel and the sourcing from the Banca channel has increased in this quarter. So 
basically, it's an underwriting, which understands the profile, understands the credits and debits 
in the account. And accordingly, we give a card and give a limit. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
I was saying that because this number has trended down, but still UPI does not suggest that 
things are likely to get better from here. So, this is the reason I ask this question. Because the 
general notion is that salaried segment performs better than self-employed. So now with this 
mix coming down, should this not cause like continue to cause worries as such in terms of 
incremental delinquencies? 
Nandini Malhotra: 
No. Because you see when you're underwriting, you're looking at the customer profile in 
general as well as, like I mentioned, is cash flow information. So, this should not result in an 
increase in delinquency. And through the account aggregator channel, we are able to see the 
transactions in the bank account and as said, the cash flow of the customer. So, I don't think 
that is a worrying signal. A lot of these customers come with their bank statement... 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Jignesh Shial from InCred Research. 
Jignesh Shial: 
 I have one data keeping question quickly. We are seeing a surge in the investment 
sequentially. Anything to read into it? 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
This is in line with the regulatory requirements. There was a graded increase in the 
requirements for keeping HQLA, which is highly liquid assets for LCR purposes. And we've 
been adding on to that number based on the requirements. And also, our liability book also 
growing. There are 2 reasons to that. It's a function of how your liability book is growing and 
the second one was the regulatory requirements. So, our liability book is growing as well as 
the regulatory requirement required us to keep adding about 10% on a regular basis in a phased 
manner and that's the reason. 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Jignesh Shial: 
Understood. And just a trend on fee income side. I think it's more or less flat. If you see 
sequentially, and overall trend has consistently been declining if I see on a Y-o-Y basis. So 
how do you see the -- with more co-lending cards coming up together, along with it, obviously, 
online spends coming, which basically needs -- we take a little lesser cut on it. So how do you 
see the fee income trend going forward? Do you see that improvement can come up? Or what's 
the view? 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
 The fee income actually is made up of 3 parts. The composition that we put out in the investor 
deck on Page 11, it is a spend base, instance-based and subscription-based, is the split on the 
fee income side. There has been some bit of a moderation on the fee income, one because, on 
account of the number of cards that we are doing. That obviously is an important factor as to 
what makes up the subscription-based fee income. The trend base has a seasonality attached to 
it. I would think that as we do more cards and as the amount of spends increase, this number 
should go up. Whereas we might see a bit of a moderation would be in the instance based. That 
could see some bit of a moderation, but the other 2-line items should see it growing with the 
business growth. 
Jignesh Shial: 
So as your issuances increases, so fee income will be increasing going forward. That's a fair 
assumption, right? 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
That's right, yes. And of course, the spend will also grow. So that part of the fee income will 
also increase. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Rohan Mandora from Equirus Securities. 
Rohan Mandora: 
I'm sorry to touch on that flow rate question again. So, if we look at your Stage 2 plus Stage 3 
in 4Q FY '24 and the percentage or absolute amount and in 3Q, 3Q is still higher. And the 
comment that we gave in 2Q was still that in the first half of current financial year, the flow 
rates have improved. So, what you said in the call today also is that the flow rates into 
delinquency is lower delinquencies to write-off is higher. But this is not reflecting in the Stage 
2 numbers that we are seeing right now. 
 
So, if you can share what is the 30 plus, how is it moving the last 2, 3 quarters? And also, what 
is our share of exposure in, say, very high risk and high-risk category of Bureau rating 
customers. Something around that would have helped to get some sense on how the 
improvement is happening. 
Shantanu Srivastava: 
Yes. So, the 30-plus and 90-plus number as we mentioned earlier, they have come off 
significantly in the last quarter, quarter ending December was quarter ending September. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sir, if you quantify these numbers, that will help. 
Shantanu Srivastava: 
We can't, we don't disclose those numbers in that level of precisions. 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
Sorry, can I first, Rohan, ask you a clarification before we further answer your question. 
You've just mentioned that if Stage 2 and 3 put together, you've not seen an improvement. And 
where have you taken the numbers? 
Rohan Mandora: 
On the presentation data that comes out. So, I'm comparing 4Q versus 3Q, 4Q '24 versus 3Q 
'25, right? 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
Yes. 
Rohan Mandora: 
If you look at numbers was 5.7 plus 2.8. 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
If you look at the quarter 2 FY '25 and quarter 3 FY '25 and you calculate the percentages to 
any number given at the top and you add the Stage 2 and Stage 3, you will see a reduction in 
the stock of Stage 2 and Stage 3 for quarter 3 as compared to quarter 2. 
Rohan Mandora: 
There's margin improvement on 2Q, even in absolute amount from 2Q to 3Q, but what I'm 
saying is, in the previous quarter also, the commentary was that flow rates into delinquencies 
have been coming down. So, if I'm comparing and this was the commentary for the first half as 
well of current financial year. So, if I'm trying to look at from the 4Q FY '24 numbers, bearing 
our Stage 2 and Stage 3 was 5.7 and 2.8, respectively, and if you look at Stage 2 plus Stage 3 
combined, it was around INR4,300 crores. That thing has now gone up to around INR4,900 
crores. So that flow rate coming down does not match with the data, if you're comparing with 
the year-end number and the 9-month for the current financial year. 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
Rohan, we'll probably have to go back and check, but I don't recall that we've ever said that the 
flow rates have been improving in the last 2 quarters. We've just said if there was a mention 
made on the delinquency numbers, it was to do with the sourcing that has been done in the 
recent past. There, we said, yes, we are seeing a better performance compared to the older 
portfolio. But this time, we are calling out and saying that our 30-plus and the 90-plus numbers 
are looking better. As I mentioned, if we do a total of Stage 2 and Stage 3, even that number is 
lower. And as we mentioned earlier as well that what flows into write-off is nothing but the 
stage 2 and the stage 3 going into write-off. And this is a number, which is improving and the 
flow rate in addition for the earlier buckets are improving, which is where we've been able to 
make a comment saying that we think we are at an inflection point. 
Shantanu Srivastava: 
Just to clarify, in last quarter, there was a specific question around this point. And the answer 
we gave was that while into x delinquency is improving, the next leg, which is delinquency to 
write-off. That was worsening. And that is mentioned very clearly in the FAQ from the Q&A 
transcript from last time. And this time, there is a reversal. For the first time we are saying, the 
second half of the equation also has behaved properly, which means improvement. 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
So, while the into X continues to improve, where we are now seeing is an improvement in the 
Stage 2, Stage 3, which is where we are now saying that the write-off number should be lower, 
and therefore, the credit cost should be moderating. 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Rohan Mandora: 
Got it. And just to reconfirm, for FY '26, any guidance that we've given on receivables growth 
or spends growth? 
Girish Budhiraja: 
We just stated we'll be looking at somewhere around 12% to 15%. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Shubhranshu Mishra from PhilipCapital. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
So, the first question is around the management position. So, you've got quite a few people as 
directors from the parent SBI, why do we need someone as MD, who may or may not have 
requisite professional experience in cards business. Why don't we hire a professional MD, 
CEO from the credit cards industry to run the business, whereas we can have Board member 
representation from the parent, will be first? 
 
Second is, through cycles, what has been the recovery from write-off accounts in year 1, year 2 
and year 3? And third is the number of customers who have 2 cards, number of customers who 
have 3 cards and number of customers who are 4 plus cards? 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
The first one, I think we need not comment. 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
The second one, you asked for, Shubhranshu, too granular information. We don't disclose that 
at that kind of a level where we kind of disclose as to how many customers have 3 cards, 4 
cards, and 5 cards. I don't think anybody in the industry discloses that number, and we will not 
do so as well in the future. I haven't done that, and I will not do it as well. 
 
On the recovery, as you asked the question that how much we are recovering from the written-
off pool. We did see a bit of a dip in the recoveries from the written-off pool in the last 1 or 2 
years. There is some, again, green shoots. Again, we do not share the exact numbers, but the 
recovery numbers as you can see for this quarter was higher from the previous quarter. The 
recovery numbers did get impacted as per the overall environment that was there for the last 12 
to 18 months, but we have seen a higher recovery number for this quarter compared to the 
previous quarter. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
What I'm asking is that through cycles, what percentage have you recovered from the written-
off pools, not in the last 12, 18 months? Through cycles, what is that number? 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
We don't share that number, Shubhranshu. 
Shantanu Srivastava: 
What we do share is that we do get recoveries for a long time after write-off, and that's been 
the case. 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
And we have said that as well in the past, and we will maintain that, that we do continue to get 
recoveries for a longer period from the written-off pool. But in full transparency, we had 
shared as to what the number -- the recovery number has been quarter-on-quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Pranuj from JPMorgan. 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Pranuj: 
Sir, one thing you mentioned was that you constantly monitor the leverage levels of the 
customers and take corrective actions if you see increase in stress. So just a clarification, is the 
corrective action that you can take only in terms of limiting the spends limit that the customer 
has or limiting the credit limit that you give to the customer? And second is on the frequency 
of scrub, I think, previously you guys issued it monthly. Will you be shifting to fortnightly 
now that the regulations allow for that? 
Nandini Malhotra: 
Yes. So, the actions, yes, are reducing the credit limit, reducing certain kinds of spend doing 
early blocking. So, all these actions are taken. And secondly, with respect to the bureau pool, 
we get a bureau trigger product we have subscribed to, which means that whenever the 
information is updated in the bureau for a certain set of accounts, we get information on T+1. 
So, if there is an increase in leverage or inquiries or there is payment, etcetera, happening. So, 
we get to know, and we accordingly plan our actions. With respect to the 15-day window, so 
while everybody has started the process, since we subscribe to this product, we will anyway 
get the information. But yes, we are looking at how we can reduce our bureau pool period with 
the new updates, which are happening fortnightly. 
Moderator: 
We'll be able to take one last question. We take the last question from Rohit Jain from Tara 
Capital Partners. 
Rohit Jain: 
Yes, my question is that this guidance of loan growth for next year, 12% to 15%, given that we 
are now incrementally sourcing better vintage customers, and a lot of poor-quality customers 
would automatically get weeded out because of the stress over the last 2 years. Is it fair to say 
that this now seems like more sort of a medium-term trajectory, and this is how it would be for 
the next 1 or 2 years? 
Girish Budhiraja: 
So, this projection is for a period of next 12 months -- in 9 to 12 months, things can change. If 
we see that the credit cost trajectory is very different, things are different on a macroeconomic 
perspective, things can change both either way. It will depend on how we see the macro 
environment and our portfolio behaving over a period of next 3 to 6 months. This is a growth 
trajectory as of now looking at the future environment being suggested. 
Rohit Jain: 
And I have one more question. On the cost-to-income, you said for the next year, the broad 
range is 52 to 55, but in an environment where, let's say, growth picks up, would it be fair to 
assume that cost-to-income would also go up? 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
Yes. Yes, it's a function of how many cards that we do, if growth picks up, absolutely. And 
that number that I gave you about 52, 53 was for this year, but you're absolutely right. The 
growth will determine the cost-to-income ratio. 
Moderator: 
We'll take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. 
Chakravorty for closing comments. 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
Thank you, Venu, and thank you, everyone, for your continuing trust and confidence in SBI 
Cards and have a fabulous year ahead. Thank you. 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
 
 
January 28, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
