    FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited 
Registered Office: 104 Vasan Udyog Bhavan | Sun Mill Compound | S. B. Marg | Tulsi Pipe Road | Lower Parel (W) | Mumbai – 400013 
Website: www.nykaa.com | Phone: +91 22 6838 9616 | Email – nykaacompanysecretary@nykaa.com  
CIN: L52600MH2012PLC230136
February 13, 2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Symbol: NYKAA 
BSE Limited 
Scrip Code: 543384 
Dear Sirs, 
Subject: Transcript of the Conference Call for Analyst / Investors for discussing Unaudited 
Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the quarter ended December 31, 
2024 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the Analyst / Investor Conference Call held on Monday, February 
10, 2025 with regard to the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the quarter 
ended December 31, 2024. 
This intimation is being submitted pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
We request you to take the above information on records. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited 
Neelabja Chakrabarty 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As Above 
NEELABJA 
CHAKRABARTY
Digitally signed by 
NEELABJA CHAKRABARTY 
Date: 2025.02.13 18:26:31 
+05'30'

FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
February 10, 2025 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, everyone. This is Yashashri from Chorus Call. Welcome to FSN E-Commerce 
Ventures Limited Q3 FY25 Earnings Call. From the management at Nykaa, we have Ms. Falguni 
Nayar, Executive Chairperson, MD and CEO; Mr. Anchit Nayar, Executive Director and CEO, 
Beauty; Ms. Adwaita Nayar, Executive Director, CEO, Nykaa Fashion and Head of Owned 
Brands; Mr. Vishal Gupta, CEO, Nykaa Distribution; Mr. Abhijeet Dabas, EVP, 
Nykaafashion.com; Mr. P. Ganesh, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Before we start, we would like to point out that some of the statements made in today's call may 
be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings 
presentation shared with you earlier. Kindly note that this call is meant for investors and analysts 
only. By participating in this event, you consent to such recording, distribution and publication. 
All participant lines will be in a listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation from management concludes. 
 
With that, over to you Falguni ma'am for opening remarks. 
Falguni Nayar: 
Thank you. I'll start with the performance highlights. Welcome to all of the investors and 
shareholders and analysts and really happy to say that we are delighted to have a pretty good 
growth momentum at the GMV level where for the quarter, our GMV is at INR4,528 crores, 
which is 25% year-on-year growth. This is for consolidated One Nykaa performance.  
And from a revenue from operations perspective, we have witnessed INR2,267 crores in the Q3, 
which is a 27% year-on-year growth. As you can see, the revenue from operations is growing 
faster than GMV. And I think for the first time, we are seeing some reigning in of the discounting 
that happens in the industry. 
 
I think from a gross profit perspective, it's been a fantastic quarter with gross profit at INR991 
crores, which is a 30% year-on-year increase. And the EBITDA has also come out at a pretty 
healthy level of INR140.8 crores, which is a 42% year-on-year growth. There has been an 
improvement in EBITDA margin as well as PAT margin, with PAT coming out at INR26.4 
crores for the quarter, which is a 51% year-on-year. So all-in-all, excellent performance at Nykaa 
with a strong momentum in most of its businesses.  
In the Beauty business, and I just want to remind all of you that this is the vertical definition of 
beauty and fashion that we now follow with a number of underlying businesses under those. So, 
the Beauty growth has come out at 32% year-on-year growth at INR3,389 crores. And when you 
look at it from a 9-month perspective, it's been a 30% year-on-year growth at INR8,716 crores. 
This was at the GMV level. 
 
On the revenue also, the Beauty growth has been strong at 27% year-on-year from a Q3 
perspective, where the Q3 Beauty net revenue has come out at INR2,060 crores. And on a 9-
month perspective, also, it's been a healthy growth at 25% year-on-year growth, and the number 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
stands at INR5,356 crores. So strong performance across e-commerce, physical stores, owned 
brands and eB2B business. 
 
From a Fashion perspective, while the GMV growth for the quarter is at 8% year-on-year, and 
the GMV number is INR1,130 crores for the quarter, it needs to be seen in light of generally a 
subdued fashion industry business for this quarter as well as for most of the year. On a 9-month 
basis, the Fashion GMV has grown at 10% year-on-year, and it now stands at INR2,767 crores.  
So, from the revenue perspective, yes, while the overall growth in the GMV has been subdued, 
I think company has worked very hard to do a number of initiatives. You can also see that our 
revenue growth has come out strong at 21% year-on-year. And the revenue for the quarter is at 
INR199 crores. And for the 9 months, this number is INR513 crores, which is again a strong 
21% year-on-year growth. 
 
I think some of the stronger revenues in terms of both LBB, which is a business this vertical has 
acquired as well as services business make up for this growth in revenue and also the shrinkage 
of leakages between GMV to net revenue line item. 
 
Next, One Nykaa level, really happy to say that we now have a cumulative customer base of 
about 40 million, which is a 29% year-on-year growth. In terms of the physical retail also, the 
expansion continues. We are today at 221 stores, largest beauty retail network in the country. 
And of these, about 12 stores were launched during the quarter.  
We have focused a lot on quick delivery. I think we've been sharing with all of you that 70% of 
our beauty orders are delivered within the same or next day in top 110 cities. And overall, also, 
there has been huge improvement in order to delivery timelines for Beauty business. 
 
The highest brands were launched in the Beauty business this year as well as in Fashion business. 
I think in the Beauty business, if we talk about like we've seen some of the most accelerated 
brand launches at 200 in Beauty business and 217 Fashion brands. But in Beauty business, we 
saw some of the launches like NARS, Eucerin, ghd, all of you know that these are really big 
brands globally. So, a lot of great global brands are choosing to come into India and launching 
with Nykaa. 
 
Story similar on Fashion where you're aware that we earlier launched Foot Locker. And now 
this quarter, we've also been able to launch Snitch as well as Victoria's Secret more recently. Of 
course, it is after the quarter end. But a lot of exciting brands have been launched on both the 
platforms.  
And finally, on the content-led education, we continue to do a lot. You're all aware that this 
quarter saw Nykaaland execution, as well as Nykaa Wali Shaadi, which is Shaadi, as all of you 
are aware, is a very big business in the country, and Nykaa clearly wanted to be that go-to 
platform for all the shaadis. And this was solidified through our Nykaa Wali Shaadi, where we 
have a 4-part OTT programming series along with Tiger Tellys, which has been a huge success, 
ranking as top 10 within the week of launch. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
 
So, I think all of these properties have given us more than 1 billion plus reach, continuing our 
journey about educating and recruiting customers in the top funnel. All this has led to about 530 
million consolidated GMV for our businesses for this quarter. 
 
With that, I'll move on to Beauty multi-brand retail, where I'll request Anchit to take this forward. 
Anchit Nayar: 
Yes. Great. Thank you. So, I think as Falguni said, it's been a very strong quarter for the Beauty 
vertical as well. And you can see that the Beauty vertical has delivered a 32% growth year-on-
year and a GMV of INR3,389 crores. This is some of the highest growth we've seen over the 
past several quarters, as you can see from the table above. 
 
Next slide, please. A lot of the growth has been driven by a big investment which we've made 
over the past several quarters, something which we've discussed with the community as well 
around customer acquisition. And this is really bearing fruit now in terms of the financial 
performance of the Beauty business. As you can see, our annual unique transacting customer 
count has grown by 26% year-over-year, which is the highest growth in AUTC over the past 6 
to 7 quarters. And today, our AUTC for Q3 FY '25 stands at 14.8 million, the highest we've ever 
had. 
 
As you know, Q3 is the festive season for the retail industry. And in light of that, we do host our 
Flagship Pink Friday sale in November. And this year as well, we hosted the sale towards the 
end of November, early December, and the results were very strong. The sale delivered a growth 
of 36% year-over-year GMV terms. And we got over 86 million visits to the app across the 10-
day period of the sale. Customer growth was strong at 55%. And we had a very strong conversion 
in terms of order conversion at over 4%. So, this is a fantastic opportunity for us to acquire 
customers and to do a lot of top-of-mind awareness building for the brand Nykaa as well. 
 
In terms of the initiatives, we took that were unique to the sale, there were some tech 
developments. As you can see on the top right, for the first time on the app, we were able to 
show the best price on PLPs. We also enabled express checkout as well as personalized 
recommendation widgets so that we're able to show the right and the relevant products to the 
relevant consumers. Off platform, we did a lot of top-of-mind awareness building across outdoor 
advertising, print, Spotify and Zomato as well. 
 
And I think all of this has led to a very strong performance on sale, which is a good outcome for 
us as well as our brand partners and ultimately the consumers as well. Speaking about new 
launches, I think it goes without saying that Nykaa continues to remain the partner of choice for 
global brands who are looking to enter the India market. As India continues to improve in terms 
of its importance to global brands as they look for growth for the coming years, we are seeing 
an influx of some of the best brands globally. 
 
In this past quarter alone, we have launched Kérastase, which is a hair care brand owned by the 
L'Oreal Group. This was launched on Nykaa. And this has historically been a brand that's been 
available only in salons, and it has come to specialty retail platforms like Nykaa for the first 
time. Next, we also launched ghd. ghd is a hair care brand, again, that was launched exclusively 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
on our platform. And then finally, NARS and Eucerin. Eucerin, again, a derma-cosmetics skin 
care brand, one of the best brands globally in the space, launched exclusively on Nykaa this 
quarter as the NARS, which is in the color cosmetics space. Some other brands that have also 
launched include some Korean brands, such as TIRTIR, Numbuzin, and AXIS-Y as well as color 
-- premium color cosmetics brand, Laura Mercier and hair care brand OUAI. 
 
So, you're seeing a massive influx of brands and again, choosing Nykaa as the primary 
destination to enter the India market. Talking a little bit about Nykaa Wali Shaadi. As you've 
seen in previous presentations, Nykaa is very focused on creating proprietary IP that can help us 
to create a lot more awareness for Beauty as a category in the country and leveraging content 
very effectively to achieve that goal. And this was no different.  
We believe that India has the second largest wedding market in the world after China, and it's 
almost $130 billion market. This is the second largest consumption category after food and 
grocery. And upper mid and high-income households, which is a large part of our consumer 
base, contributes to 50% of the total market. So, for us, it was a no-brainer that we should make 
the connection between beauty and weddings. 
 
It is a very synergistic category, and we wanted to cement our position as the go-to destination 
for beauty as it relates to the wedding season, which was also in Q3 of this year and parts of Q4. 
In terms of what we did, we actually created an OTT TV show that is now live on JioCinema. It 
was produced by Zoya Akhtar and her production company, Tiger Telly. And it featured 4 real 
brides who are getting married over the past several months and behind the scenes look at what 
the wedding process means to them and the role that beauty plays. This show is now amongst 
the top 10 shows across all OTT platforms based on viewership and this is as per third-party 
sources. 
 
The reach we've got on social itself has been over 250 million, and we worked with 70-plus 
experts to create additional content around the TV -- around this OTT show, which we created. 
And of course, for us, we believe strongly in the flywheel of content to commerce. So along with 
the content, we also drove a number of on-platform initiatives, including a sale event to capitalize 
on the reach and the awareness, which we were driving through the Nykaa Wali Shaadi show, 
and that has resulted in a positive outcome in terms of commercial actionables, and that is also 
something which we're very happy about. 
 
Moving on to the next slide. And this is just the trailer of the show, and I encourage you all to 
watch this on JioCinema when you get a chance. 
[Video Presentation] 
 
Yes. I think just to add a few words about Nykaa Wali Shaadi. Again, as we always say, I think 
category creation is incredibly important in a very nascent beauty market like India. And these 
are the kind of activities that go a long way. We had many brands; third-party brands as well 
participate as part of Nykaa Wali Shaadi. And again, it reiterates that Nykaa continues to be 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
partner of choice, not just for its distribution and retail capabilities, but also importantly, for its 
marketing capabilities, which we are quite uniquely positioned in. 
 
Next slide, please. Coming to our our brick-and-mortar retail business. As you know, today, we 
are, of course, the largest specialty beauty retailer, both online and offline with 221 stores, 47 of 
which were added this year and 12 have been added in Q3 FY25 alone. The contribution to our 
omni-channel Beauty GMV from physical retailers at 9%. So that stayed constant over the past 
several quarters. And in terms of total retail space, today, it's at about 2.1 lakh square feet across 
73 cities. 
 
For us, physical retail is also a great way to premiumize the beauty market. And today, we have 
over 90 prestige beauty brands in our stores. 2/3 of our stores GMV comes from prestige beauty 
brands. And as a result, we have, I would say, best-in-class productivity at about INR4,250 a 
square foot on a monthly basis in terms of GMV. 
 
Financial performance for the physical retail business, strong GMV growth, again at 34% year-
over-year, so slightly higher than the overall beauty vertical. But I think most importantly, we've 
seen very healthy growth on same-store sales growth, like-for-like growth at 19%. And despite 
the investment we're making behind retail, we continue to see the network profitable at the PAT 
level. And on the right, you'll just see some images of the kind of stores which we've been 
opening over the past several quarters. 
 
Next slide, please. Again, just some more images of the stores we've opened in Q3 FY25. As I 
said, 12 new stores launched and importantly, also across 3 new cities. So Agartala, Mohali and 
Belgaum are the 3 new cities where we have stores. And these are some images of our stores. 
You can see very high-quality, world-class execution in Tier 2, Tier 3 towns as well, such as 
Raipur, Mohali and Thrissur.  
A big focus for us in the past several quarters and something we've spoken about before is Nykaa 
wants to continue to invest behind the premiumization of the beauty category. And as we see 
more consumers entering the world of prestige beauty as the Indian consumers tend to have 
better affordability in the coming years, we want to be well positioned to take advantage of the 
growth of luxury beauty in India. 
 
Currently, luxury beauty is very underpenetrated in India. And we believe that physical retail is 
a great way to continue to drive penetration and growth of this segment of the overall BPC 
landscape. As a result, we have launched 6 flagship stores across India. These are large format 
stores, 3,000 square feet plus and many more to come. Currently, they are in the major metros 
of Mumbai, Delhi and Bangalore, but you'll see some more from us in the coming months. 
 
In terms of the brand mix, you can see from the right side, it's a good mix of premium as well as 
luxury brands. And we are offering our brands a lot more space to do the relevant storytelling. 
We are also focusing on services in our stores. So, you're seeing a lot more focus on gifting and 
experiences, skin consultations as well as makeovers in store, which we call beauty services as 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
well as leveraging AI and virtual tools better to help our consumers make better purchase 
decisions in store. 
 
And with that, I will hand the presentation over to Adwaita to take you through the Beauty 
owned brands. 
Adwaita Nayar: 
So, we're excited about this opportunity we have to build a house of brands at Nykaa. Until now, 
we've obviously been a strong retailer, and we have now set our eyes on an ambition of being a 
very strong house of brands as well. So first to kick off on the Beauty side, our House of Brands 
portfolio now is, as of Q3, INR468 crores of top line. It has tripled in the last 3 years. And so, 
we're seeing great momentum here spread across about 7 brands. 
 
On the right-hand side, you can see the channel split. So as of Q3 FY25, about 50% is from our 
own Nykaa online channels, 13% is from Nykaa stores. And then about 35% is spread across 
GT/MT and other platforms, including other e-commerce platforms. 
 
Moving on. I'll now talk about 3 of our biggest brands. So, the first is Nykaa Cosmetics. This is 
a cosmetics brand that we've been building over the last 5 to 6 years. We've just taken Rasha 
Thadani on as our ambassador, which is a move that we're excited about given she represents 
everything the brand represents, which is all about youthfulness and trend. This brand is now a 
top 5 color cosmetics brand on the website.  
As of Q3, it has crossed over INR440 crores of GMV from a run rate perspective annualized. 
And we've also been focused on increasing the physical footprint of this brand. So, it now is 
listed across 11,000 GT/MT doors across 200 cities and is, of course, present in all the Nykaa 
stores as well. 
 
Moving on. Another brand that we're incredibly excited about is Dot & key. This is an 
acquisition we did back in 2021, and we're happy to say that today it's one of the largest skincare 
brands in the country. It is, as of Q3, an annualized GMV run rate of INR900 crores, so it has 
grown absolutely exponentially.  
And on the right-hand side, you can just get a taste of what this exponential growth has been. 
So, in FY '22 and Q3, it was INR35 crores brand, which is approximately around the time when 
we acquired it. And now in the quarter that we're just wrapping up, it's over INR500 crores, and 
this is at an NSV level, from an annualized run rate perspective. 
 
So obviously, like massive acceleration, 15x in 3 years. From the perspective of how much we 
paid for it, we do believe that it was a good deal. Back in 2021, we acquired 51% for INR97 
crores. And just recently, we completed another 40% or so for INR265 crores. And yes, and so 
we're feeling quite good about where this brand is, and we continue to be really focused on 
leaning into this brand along with Nykaa Cosmetics in a big way going into next year. 
 
The next part we'll talk about is Kay Beauty. So, this is a brand that we started building 4 to 5 
years ago. Again, it's been growing extremely well. So again, you can see in Q3FY22, it was 
just about INR100 crore brand, and now it is crossing INR330 crores. So again, 4x growth in 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
just a matter of a couple of years. This brand is actually one of the fastest-growing brands on the 
platform, and we feel excited about having built this brand completely from scratch. And so, 
we're really honing our skills as brand builders within, obviously, the larger ecosystem of Nykaa. 
 
Moving on. So that wraps up our Beauty owned brands section. Moving on to our Fashion owned 
brands and the brands that we're building there. So, you can see in Q3FY25, we've delivered 
about INR120 crores of GMV. This is pretty flat from last year. It has been a year of just sort of 
focusing and consolidating our efforts on fashion. We had a handful more brands, but we've 
actually now decided to just focus on five and those five are listed here. We feel that the tail was 
not adding enough value and also obviously drawing attention and investment, whereas we feel 
that we want to just double down on what really are the big brands in our portfolio. And so, you 
will see us being a lot more focused on our assortment going forward. 
 
And within these, of course, we're extremely excited. Nykd, Kica is our lingerie and our leisure 
brand, respectively, and we think those are absolutely incredible spaces to play in. And then 
Twenty Dresses, RSVP and Gajra Gang are our plays in Western wear and Indian wear, again, 
a space that Nykaa has a huge set of customers who like us for that category. So, it's a place that 
we obviously want to play.  
On the right-hand side, you can see how the shift of channels has actually changed. So, in Q3 
FY25, the quarter that's gone by, you can see that we're now actually focusing more on our 
online -- our own channel of distribution, which is the hot pink. And we're sort of decelerating 
on selling in GT/MT offline, basically non-Nykaa channels. We feel that fashion owned brands 
have to really be built on our own channels and not really go far and wide. 
 
So obviously, like the channel strategy differs from category to category. But in fashion, we're 
clear that we want to be more focused on the Nykaa platforms. So, with that, I'll hand over -- 
sorry, this is just a quick glimpse of, again, what our product sort of looks like. You guys have 
seen this in prior meetings. We are definitely remaining focused on being very trend-led and 
really meeting the customer where they're at. 
 
So, with that, I'll hand over to Vishal, who will walk us through our eB2B business. 
Vishal Gupta: 
Thanks, Adwaita. So dear friends, we had another great quarter on our path to profitable scale. 
You can see that we grew GMV by 53%. And by delivering about INR260 crores, we now are 
at a run rate of INR1,000 crore GMV. And you can see that it's 12x growth in 3 years, and a lot 
of the growth is driven as we continue to drive scale and reach. And we now have reached 2.6 
lakh retailers and 1,100 cities. So, we are national. We are deep in India’s Tier 3, Tier 4 and very 
high retailer base. 
 
Next. And this really helps us to improve our profitability, where you can see that in gross margin 
alone, we have improved by almost 250 bps, which is driven a lot by ad income. So, as we grow 
more scale and more retailer visits to our app, we get more ad income. And consciously, we are 
driving positive mix by selling higher-margin brands on our platform, which drives our gross 
margin. And with scale, obviously, our costs also come down. We had a few third-party 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
warehouses in a few geographies.  And as we got scale in those geographies, we moved away 
from 3P to our own warehouse, because that is more efficient and reduction in freight as we 
improve our order density, etc. Even the sales and distribution cost, you see is coming down, 
overall contribution margin improved by more than 500 bps. So, I think we are well on our way 
to profitable scale, and we will continue to keep scaling until we reach profitability. 
 
Thanks. Now I hand over to Abhijeet for Fashion. 
Abhijeet Dabas: 
So, on Fashion, like Falguni ma'am mentioned a while ago, I think in the midst of a tough quarter 
in general for online fashion as a space, the business has been resilient. GMV has grown 8%, as 
you can see on the left side, reaching INR1,130-odd crores. And more importantly, putting into 
perspective that Fashion in the scheme of things for Nykaa is still a young business. We only 
launched the business around 6 years ago. But in the last 3 years, we have seen still more than a 
2x growth on GMV as well as on revenue. 
 
On revenue, as you can see on the right side of the slide, there has been a more healthy 21% 
year-on-year growth in revenue to close to INR200 crores, largely driven by strong traction seen 
on the content business of LBB through events such as Nykaaland and Nykaa Wali Shaadi as 
well as higher services related income. So overall, tough macro environment, but still in the 
middle of that, we've been able to continue to grow. 
 
Next slide. I think this just puts into perspective what Nykaa Fashion as a platform brings to 
customers as well as to brands. So again, over the last 3 years, we have continuously augmented 
our assortment by adding relevant brands across categories. The number of brands that we now 
offer to customers is more than 4,000, and that's a 3x increase over the last 3 years.  
Across all categories, there's been relevant brand additions throughout the last year itself. We 
spoke about Foot Locker when we gave the last quarterly update. But along with that, over the 
last quarter, we've continued to add further brands. We've added the likes of a Tommy Hilfiger, 
Victoria's Secret more recently, Snitch in the men's category. 
 
And I think for customers, Nykaa Fashion has established itself as a platform, which is curated, 
yet offers a complete assortment of all the relevant brands across all the categories and 
differentiated offerings from those brands. At the same time, for brand partners, we have 
continued to be the platform, which also brings great quality customers and allows selling 
fashion in the way that they would like to sell fashion and that reflects in many underlying 
indicators that we are able to further see in our P&L in the further slides. 
 
Next slide. So just a glimpse of the kind of events that LBB has been able to execute over the 
last year. So just again, to put it in perspective, since acquisition a few years ago, LBB has scaled 
9x in revenue. We spoke about Nykaa Wali Shaadi a bit earlier in the presentation today, but 
Nykaanland and many other such campaigns which have been driven by LBB have delivered 
great value. 
 
Next slide. Most importantly, in the midst of even a difficult year, while continuing to grow the 
business, I think the bottom line has seen significant improvement through the year. We have 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
seen a more than 700 basis points improvement in gross margin, which is a significant move 
from 44% last year, same quarter to 51% this year. This is largely on the back of marketing and 
services income, working with brands. Our fulfillment expenses have come down by close to 
100 basis points as we have optimized our route planning and become better at saving packaging 
costs. 
 
Marketing expenses are higher on account of 2 things. Firstly, we have invested ahead of the 
curve in campaigns and events as well as in customer acquisition, and this reflects in the middle 
of a tough quarter. We have still continued to acquire customers. Just to share our visits and our 
unique visitors have both been at all-time highs in the last quarter, and that augurs well for 
quarters going forward because that just creates a base of customers, which will continue to 
serve us well as our retention and underlying metrics remain healthy. 
 
All of that has resulted in still a contribution margin of 184 basis points better year-on-year and 
also continuous improvement in EBITDA. So overall, while growth has been steady, we have 
made giant strides on bottom line, and that shows in this slide. 
P. Ganesh: 
Thanks, Abhijeet. So, we'll take a quick snapshot on the financial performance. As Falguni 
mentioned at the beginning of this call, our top line and bottom line, both delivered a healthy 
growth this quarter. As we can see, revenue grew 27% Y-o-Y and has been in line with the last 
3 years CAGR. EBITDA growth was higher at 42% Y-o-Y in Q3, led by healthy gross profit 
growth, while we continue to invest in marketing to drive growth. 
 
Moving on. What we see in this slide is a snapshot of our consolidated profit and loss account 
for quarter 3 as well as 9 months FY '25. As can be seen, gross profit grew 30% Y-o-Y, outpacing 
revenue growth of 27% during the quarter and similar trend has been seen in the 9-month period 
as well. Further, there has been an improvement across most of the cost line items. And this is 
one of the factors which has led to a healthy EBITDA margin expansion of 69 basis points during 
the quarter and 42 basis points for the 9-month period. 
 
Moving ahead. Yes, this is a quick snapshot of our vertical reporting. We have seen healthy 
improvement in gross margins across both Beauty as well as Fashion verticals, and this has 
contributed to improved EBITDA margins in both the verticals. We'll see the details of this in 
the next slide. 
 
Moving on. Yes, here, you can actually see the snapshot in terms of the EBITDA expansion 
from 5.5% to 6.2%. And as you can see, this has been across both the verticals and across most 
of the cost elements as well as gross margins. You can see that leverage in fulfillment and 
employee expenses, that's also driven expansion. The gross margin is something which has 
expanded.  
And the leverage benefit in terms of other expenses is also starting to show through. So overall, 
across multiple parameters, there has been efficiency kicking in. So, in spite of the higher 
investments in marketing, which has also resulted in accelerated customer acquisition. In spite 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
of the higher investments we have seen in marketing, the overall EBITDA margins have 
expanded. 
 
Moving ahead. Yes, here, as you can see, Nykaa continues to focus on prudent capital utilization. 
Our balance sheet is seeing healthy improvement across key ratios. You can see that fixed assets 
turnover has reached 9.4%. Working capital days have been consistently reducing and have 
come down to 36 days. And this has resulted in the ROCE of the overall One Nykaa business 
coming in at upwards of 10%.  
And we need to bear in mind that the Beauty business is highly profitable with a much higher 
ROCE percentage. And the Beauty business is funding the growth of the newer businesses, 
which is Fashion and Nykaa D. So, all in all, through internal accruals, we have been able to 
manage to fund the new businesses and still deliver a higher ROCE on a consistent basis. 
 
Yes, with that, I'll open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
I now request Aditya Vikhram to please accept the prompt on the screen. Aditya, please turn on 
your webcam, unmute yourself, introduce your organization name and go ahead with your 
questions, please. 
Aditya Vikhram: 
Good numbers overall. But just a quick question. With Shein coming in, what would be the 
impact on the fashion brand considering it seems like there would be very high competition? 
Falguni Nayar: 
I think I'll just take the question and then I'll pass it on to Abhijeet. I think we must understand 
that fashion is a very wide business with women's western wear, women's Indian wear, 
menswear, sportswear as well as kids and home. And Shein is only in one category. And I think 
one has to see we have 4,000+ brands and more and more international brands also coming into 
the country, We've always had revolve and others. So, I think the market is very wide, and no 
one brand can dominate it. So, I think that's what I do believe that it should not have a much of 
an impact. With that, I would like Abhijeet to comment. 
Abhijeet Dabas: 
Thanks, Falguni ma'am. So, I'll just add on to that. I think women's western wear, which is the 
category where a brand like Shein typically plays is one of the fastest evolving. I think these are 
also categories which are style first and maybe not as much brand first as a category like sports, 
where you find very few brands for many years taking lion's share of the business of that 
category. The reason is that trend changes very quickly, fashion changes very quickly. On our 
side, we've also seen a proliferation of what we call D2C brands come to the fore in specifically 
categories like women's western wear. 
 
So, I think as a platform, we will continue to be at the forefront of bringing the best fashion to 
customers. The category will still continue to be very fragmented. And in saying that, there will 
still be a multitude of brands. And again, demand is very wide. The number of brands supplying 
that demand is also very wide. So, I think it's still a very large playing ground. So, we don't see 
such a massive impact. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
Aditya Vikhram: 
Then a follow-up question. Your Beauty business is clearly doing well. You have high gross 
margins, and you are making good profit. It seems like the EBITDA as well as the bottom line 
is not growing as fast, right? Or it is growing fast in comparison to your Y-o-Y numbers. And 
this primarily looks like that most of the expense are going on the marketing side to grow the 
other business, right? When do you see normalized marketing expense? Or do you see marketing 
expense continue to go up as you ramp up other businesses? And that would be all. 
Falguni Nayar: 
I think if I just wanted to highlight is that if you look at the Beauty marketing and ad expense, 
it's come out at 10.1% for this quarter against 9.5% a year ago. And this is for a Beauty vertical 
and consists of all the businesses together. So yes, there is some additional marketing money 
being spent, and we highlighted most of that as new customer acquisition has been at its fastest 
pace over last year, and we think that it's a worthwhile investment to make.  
And similarly, we've done a lot of upper funnel what you call is educating and bringing 
consumers interest into the category through events like Nykaaland and Nykaa Wali Shaadi, 
many of those are also part of this spend. And we do believe that our marketing spend has been 
accelerated because we believe in the category, we believe in our domination of the category 
and want to continue to maintain that. 
 
But yes, I think it is something that can easily be controlled. It's a marketing expenses considered 
available expense and totally controllable. So, it's more in line with -- for that year, what strategy 
we would like to follow. With that, I'd also like to request Anchit, if he wants to come in and 
add something to this. 
Anchit Nayar: 
No, I think you covered most of it. Again, as we've said in the past few quarters, the Beauty 
businesses has quite a healthy profitability, but because the penetration of the category and the 
per capita consumption for the category is so low, there is a lot of category expansion work that 
needs to be done. And ultimately, the benefit of a larger TAM will accrue to us because 
ultimately, we are the largest player in the space. So, we see it as an investment for the future 
and investment in customer acquisition is one of the larger buckets of our marketing expense. 
And you're seeing the benefits of that play out, right? 
 
The investment in customer acquisition over the past few quarters has been one of the major 
drivers for the the revenue growth, which we've seen in the Beauty business in this Q3 numbers. 
So, our hypothesis seems to have been correct that there is a lot of growth yet to be had, and we 
continue to want that growth. So, I think we'll continue to invest in the Beauty business. It's a 
business that has the profitability to support its customer growth plans. And in terms of 
supporting other businesses within Nykaa, as Ganesh said, we continue to fund all of our 
expansion in new businesses through the cash accruals of the Beauty business. So that will 
continue. 
 
But I think the good news is, as we've said before, we believe that -- and as you can see from 
our numbers, the losses in B2B are reducing significantly as that business starts to reach -- as it 
starts to mature a bit. It's still a very, very young business. And Fashion as well, you're seeing 
significant improvements in profitability despite there being subdued growth. So, if I look at 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
B2B, the numbers here are quite self-explanatory, but contribution margin improvement of 500 
basis points. So, we believe that trend will continue. So, losses will reduce in B2B. And in 
Fashion, I think as growth picks up once again for the overall Fashion industry, you'll see a lot 
of operating leverage in that business, too. So, we're quite optimistic that we'll continue to fund 
growth for all of our businesses, new and old, but that the losses should be reducing even more 
from here for both fashion and B2B, which should be good news for the overall profitability as 
well. 
P. Ganesh: 
Just to add to what Anchit mentioned, as we can see from the numbers, while given the focus on 
new customer acquisition, etc, there is higher investment in marketing, in spite of that, the 
EBITDA margin for the Beauty vertical has actually gone up. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from Sheela Rathi from Morgan Stanley.  
Sheela Rathi: 
My first question was just to understand what is the revenue profile of LBB? I mean, I wanted 
to understand, I believe it's supporting the Fashion revenues also. And at the same time, it's 
enabling marketing income for us, supporting the Beauty business also. So just wanted to get 
more details about how LBB is driving the growth for us? 
Falguni Nayar: 
I think LBB business when we acquired it about a year ago was a content business that creates 
content for a lot of brands, including non-beauty brands that they always had in their portfolio. 
And obviously, their skill set lies in creating events and activities and content at scale. And that 
is what we are leveraging LBB for Nykaaland, Nykaa Wali Shaadi. We used to do Nykaa Femina 
Beauty Awards that has been now taken in-house. 
 
It's called Nykaa Beauty Awards, which was again an in-house event. So, acquisition of LBB 
has allowed us to do a lot of content and event activity all in-house. We've accelerated the 
number of events that we do, be it Beauty Bars or be it we do a lot of fashion events where we 
take -- it's like a trunk show, which we take it to various events where customers come in and 
experience that. 
 
We recently did an event which was called the New at Nykaa, which was new launches of the 
Beauty private labels, obviously, Foot Locker events. So many such events have all been done 
by the team, and that is what this team was in-sourced. And obviously, with the kind of focus 
that they get in terms of accessing all of the Nykaa's Beauty and Fashion brand partners has led 
to acceleration in their ability to earn revenues, and that is what is reflected in the numbers. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Falguni, what would be the revenue profile of LBB today? 
Falguni Nayar: 
Profile is all event activity. They charge clients for various event activity, which is all costed 
individual event based on estimation of the costs. 
Sheela Rathi: 
So, this will get captured in the Fashion revenues? Or does it get captured anywhere else? 
Falguni Nayar: 
Captured in Fashion revenues as well as we also have out-of-pocket expenses against those 
events. So, they spend it. So, it is obviously captured both on revenue as well as expense items. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
Sheela Rathi: 
Understood. So just to understand the 21% revenues growth, which we have seen for Fashion, 
what -- if we ex out LBB, how would be the fashion revenue growth for us? 
Falguni Nayar: 
It's very difficult for us to say because we also have had a huge improvement in GMV to NSV 
ratio by controlling what we call as leakages and it's a combination. So, revenue growth 
momentum has been higher than the GMV growth momentum. And what we disclose is 
basically vertical level reporting, and this is what the number is at the vertical level. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Understood. And my second and final question is with respect to the gross margins for the 
Beauty business. Just want to understand how are the marketing income doing for us on a year-
on-year basis? And if there are any trends in terms of brands enabling more marketing spends in 
this quarter will be helpful? 
Falguni Nayar: 
In this quarter, it has done well, but I'll ask Anchit to answer it. 
Anchit Nayar: 
Yes. I think headline, it's done well. There were a couple of quarters of softness in marketing as 
brands were deploying more of their A&P budgets towards promos versus advertising. I think 
it's something we've discussed in the past as well, Sheela. But that trend has finally seems to be 
reversing and brands realize that they cannot -- there is significant brand awareness work to be 
done in a market -- in a nascent market like India. So, a lot of the money that was being deployed 
for promo is now being redeployed into advertising, and that's a plus for us. 
 
So, we're optimistic. We're seeing early shoots of it improving, and we don't think it's a Q3 
phenomenon. We think it should continue into coming quarters as well. Also, we at Nykaa are 
also offering a lot more advertising opportunities for brand partners and something we've spoken 
about in the past is allowing brands to now advertise not only top of funnel in terms of on our 
homepage, but also allowing lower funnel advertising opportunities like PLAs and other such 
ad capabilities have been built and are now quite widely used by our brand partners. So that is 
also a net positive for the services income that we generate. 
 
And finally, also, of course, we've created quite significant capabilities in terms of events and 
experiences and content creation, some of which we covered in terms of what LBB is 
contributing to our brand partners. And that is also an additional revenue stream for us, which 
was not as monetized in the past that I think will be a net positive in the future. So, I think we're 
quite optimistic. But again, I think no one has a crystal ball. No one knows what's going to 
happen with discounts in coming quarters. But at this point in time, it looks like things are 
improving and brands are looking to invest a lot more into marketing than they have in the past 
few quarters. 
Sheela Rathi: 
And sorry, just one follow-up here, Anchit. Will it be across the board or just the large brands? 
Or will it include the D2C brands also? 
Anchit Nayar: 
You can't paint all the D2C brands with one brush stroke, right? So even within D2C brands 
there are different types. And so, I think even the D2C brands, especially the ones that are doing 
well, continue to want to reinforce that leadership position. A lot of the D2C brands want to 
break out - get the velocity that they need to become a critical brand. And so, they're investing 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
behind that. So yes, there are some D2C brands that are struggling, and I think there's an 
opportunity for consolidation on that front. But I think they're not all the same. There are some 
which are doing really well, and those continue to want to invest behind building brand because 
that's ultimately what leads to sustainable revenue growth for them in the long term. 
Moderator: 
I now request Sachin Dixit from JM Financial to please accept the prompt on the screen. 
Sachin Dixit: 
This is Sachin from JM. My first question is largely a comparison between what is happening 
for Nykaa between BPC and Fashion. Largely, BPC is growing well. Fashion has been muted, 
while obviously, it's gaining market share compared to other online fashion players, but still 
muted. However, I mean, my understanding is the customer base would roughly be similar strata 
in terms of income bracket and all. So how do you see the differentiated customer behavior on 
your two different platforms? Can you break down that for us? 
Falguni Nayar: 
I think we have always said that we have a more premium customer in fashion. And we do not 
think that the fashion customer had issues about spending. I think I've repeatedly said that our 
Fashion business is young. People forget that. It's just a 5-year-old business, and we continue to 
do assortment expansion that makes the assortment more complete and that will allow us to grow 
the platform faster going forward. So, it's a work in process. 
 
Over the last 2 years, we've done a lot of focus on assortment building, completing certain L3 
assortment that we used to not have in the past, bringing certain exciting brands onto our 
platform, which again, we didn't have in the past. Like Libas was a new brand that came in last 
year. Obviously, Foot Locker is very interesting. They're seeing a lot of new D2C brands in 
fashion are coming up who are doing extremely well, like The Souled Store, The Pant Project, 
Snitch, Fablestreet, Freakins. They're all choosing to do business with Nykaa. 
 
So, I think there is a lot going on. It's in such a wide space. And we do believe that we have one 
of the top 3 platforms of choice like Myntra, Nykaa, Ajio are the 3 big platforms of choice. We 
are a very large platform. And we remain in customer consideration. So, I think we remain very 
positive about the business. I think some of the growth near term got affected due to a marketing 
strategy that was followed, which was a little bit narrower. And I think some of those tend to be 
experiments in early days that set you back by a quarter or so, but we don't think this is a long-
term issue. 
 
Yes, it does have to be seen in the light of our overall industry, Fashion industry not being at its 
strongest over last one year, and it needs to be seen in that light. But I think it can't be long-term 
issue. And we do believe that consumer is going to continue to spend on the base of certain 
exciting brands that we and we will be bringing into the country or exciting brands that will get 
created in the country that will be available on Nykaa platform. I think with this, I would also 
like Adwaita to add if she'd like to add something. 
Adwaita Nayar: 
No, I think you covered it. 
Falguni Nayar: 
Okay. Anything from you, Abhijeet? 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
Abhijeet Dabas: 
Yes. Maybe just one additional thing. I think it's a huge strength for the Nykaa ecosystem to 
actually have Beauty and Fashion offered as, in a way, complementary categories. And I think 
given that Fashion is a much newer business like has been mentioned several times, we are also 
incrementally getting better every year and every quarter at how to cross-leverage both 
categories and how to understand our customers better. So, if anything, we have seen a lot of 
positive goodness because of that across both businesses and more Fashion because it's the newer 
business. And we'll continue to keep getting better at it. But yes, that's the only thing I will add. 
Sachin Dixit: 
Understood. My second question would be a follow-up on the part that Abhijeet mentioned. Do 
you see a lot of cross-sell that is happening between the 2 platforms? Are you seeing -- because 
I remember when -- at the time of IPO, a few quarters post IPO, we did talk about that the 
Fashion user base is slightly different to the Beauty user base that we have on the platform. Are 
we seeing that change? Is there more cross-sell that we are seeing? 
Falguni Nayar: 
I think we had given in the past that about 50% of our new customer acquisition has been part 
of Nykaa ecosystem earlier, but 50% is new to Nykaa. And the fact that Fashion e-commerce 
was 5x larger than BPC e-commerce made us believe that there would be customers who would 
be Fashion first. But over time, beauty and fashion are lifestyle choices and customers tend to 
have overlap. So, I think overall beauty consumption in the country is on the rise, and many 
fashion first customers also are becoming beauty customers. Nykaa's own customer acquisition 
is far accelerated in Beauty now. And also, in Fashion to a certain extent, but a lot more 
accelerated in Beauty. 
 
So finally, it's the same kind of consumer, but they either approach through their fashion first 
outlook or their beauty first outlook. And we benefit in either scenario. But we do believe in 
vertical commerce, and the consumers' choice and journey being very vertical-oriented. But with 
today's digital possibilities that everything is one click away, that according to us, it's not a 
deterrent. And in fact, having 2 separate vertical focus asset allows us to do more for both sets 
of customers. 
Sachin Dixit: 
Which is fair. I was just asking on the 50% number that you mentioned, right? Have you seen 
that trend upwards or downwards? 
Falguni Nayar: 
It's gone. I mean we have a lot more cross pollination going on through better digital frameworks 
and the number has slightly gone up. 
Anchit Nayar: 
Yes. But just to add, I think it's not something which we have done very aggressively, 
proactively. So that opportunity always remains. Cross-sell is one, but I think as was just 
mentioned, cross-pollination. So, getting existing beauty consumers on the nykaa.com app to 
download and to buy on the Nykaa Fashion app, that hasn't been done at scale, but that is 
something which we can always do. I think we're just waiting to, as Abhijeet said, continue to 
strengthen the assortment and then we'll start to do a lot more work there. 
Moderator: 
I now request Harit Kapoor from Investec to please accept the prompt on the screen. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Am I audible? 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: 
So, I just had 2 questions. One was on Fashion. So, this increase in the marketing spend, how 
do we read this? Do we read this has increase in customer acquisition cost because the 
transacting customer and visits haven't increased to that extent? Or is it just an accounting 
adjustment because LBB is in revenue as well as an expense. So just wanted a little bit of 
clarification on that. 
Falguni Nayar: 
It's a bit of both. So LBB has a higher percentage of marketing expense because that's the only 
expense they have in their revenue. And also, there is a certain small amount of adversity in 
customer acquisition costs for the Fashion business. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. And the second was just two number related. 
Falguni Nayar: 
I'm sorry, this adversity was also for only 1 to 2 quarters and since corrected. So, it's a mixed 
number. Sorry, go ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: 
My second was on just number related questions. One was on working capital. Ganesh, do we 
expect that this reduction in working capital days is representative of full year? Or do we see 
some adjustments happening at the end of the year, et cetera? 
P. Ganesh: 
So directionally, as you would see over the last few quarters, the working capital days have been 
consistently coming down. So, in that sense, the reduction which you are seeing, you can take it 
as a representative of an ongoing basis. 
Harit Kapoor: 
And also, just one last thing on the margins. Is there anything to call out in terms of Y-o-Y 
impact in GCC in terms of basis points? Because I remember, the same time last year, you had 
called it out, but if it's not -- is it relevant to call out this time around? 
P. Ganesh: 
We have not specifically called it out this time because last year was the first time that had come 
in and it was not really there in the base, whereas now consistently 4 quarters, we have had GCC 
come into the base, although the current quarter would be a little higher given that we have now 
opened the second store, et cetera. But given that GCC is in the base, that's the reason we are not 
calling it out anyway. 
Falguni Nayar: 
I think on GCC, we remain quite optimistic about the market and the fact that it's a high 
consumption market with a lot of opportunity to do profitable business. However, the rollout of 
the stores has been slower than expected and e-com rollout is also pending adoption of the 
technology stack over time. So, I think in that sense, in the GCC right now, the level of activity 
is not very high to be needing to call it out. But yes, there's been some investment in GCC over 
last 1 year. 
Moderator: 
I now request Sachin Salgaonkar from Bank of America to please accept the prompt on his 
screen. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Just a couple of questions. One Falguni, I just wanted to understand how one should think about 
the steady state EBITDA margin on the BPC business? For last few quarters, we have seen the 
margin hovering in the range of, let's say, 7.5% at the low end to 9% at the high end. Are we 
actually at that level? Or do we see room to improve? And how far are we from a steady-state 
margin? That's question number one. 
Falguni Nayar: 
I think the Beauty EBITDA is a combination of beauty.com, which enjoys a very good EBITDA 
number. There is a certain percentage now we have been disclosing that about 8% of the business 
comes from retail, which is also a profitable business for us, but lower profitability than dot com. 
It can be positively impacted by the profitability of the Beauty private label, which is on the 
uptick. And we talked about it that we've seen very good growth in our private label business, 
both in terms of level of revenue and profitability improvements have happened, some 
profitability improvement and there could be more going forward. 
 
And lastly, it also is a combination of the weight of the superstore business, which tends to have 
a negative profitability. So, I think we have given some idea of how each of those change every 
quarter. So, we tend to report retail as a percentage of omni-channel revenue every quarter and 
Beauty owned brand also, we are getting the -- at least the GMV and how it is changing every 
quarter.  
And finally, on the eB2B business, also similarly, I think some investors have been asking, and 
we said that we can give the composition of the eB2B GMV as a percentage of our total Beauty 
GMV. And I think that has been reasonably constant over the last 1 year. So, it's not really 
breaking out of the weightage zone. But yes, I think there is some amount of adverse effect on 
EBITDA margin coming from the investment that we make in eB2B business. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Got it. Clear on that. 
Falguni Nayar: 
We have a positive momentum because we think that the EBITDA loss in eB2B will go down 
over time. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Second question is on Fashion. Clearly, we are seeing slowdown in the industry slightly at more 
on the prolonged basis versus the original expectations. And of late, we are seeing some increase 
in marketing expense and plus a sort of a Shein launch, which directionally might keep at least 
in certain pockets, competitive intensity higher. Any general thoughts of breakeven in the 
Fashion business potentially getting pushed back? Or you're comfortable with the breakeven 
next year? 
Falguni Nayar: 
Well, we remain comfortable because if you look at it, like if our marketing expense, which 
became adverse from 24.6% to 30.5%, if that had stayed under control, we could have possibly 
had EBITDA margin breakeven this quarter. So, I think the main thing here to balance, and that 
is what it is for all e-commerce businesses is to balance between growth and profitability and all 
customer acquisition costs us and typically, the customer that you acquire breaks even on second 
or third order. So that's the investment we make ahead of becoming profitable on that customer. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
So, I think we remain reasonably confident that as the ratio of new to repeat customer keeps 
improving in the Fashion business, we should be in a better place. 
 
So, I think today, Fashion businesses where we have acquired about 7 million customers, I'm 
giving rough numbers, ever acquired 7 million, of which about 3 million are annual transacting 
users. So, I think we continue to want to create engagement level in fashion customers. And I 
think I'm a big believer that e-commerce is all about assortment first, and we are really working 
very hard to continue to improve our assortment. And I think because fifth year of a business is 
not too long a life, but because most of it has happened since being publicly listed, there's a lot 
of attention on to it. 
 
But I think as our assortment keeps improving and we are really excited about what we've been 
able to do so far and what lies ahead. And I think the long and short of it is the way the industry 
is emerging with so many players, such a large market, I think e-commerce has a role to play. 
So, we remain confident, and we will try to keep working on marketing expenses in a zone that 
we feel long term comfortable. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
And last question, I just wanted to understand directionally on eB2B. How many cities do you 
further want to expand, i.e. how many more years could we see further expansion in the eB2B 
business before it comes at a meaningful scale and the incremental investment should not be as 
high? 
Falguni Nayar: 
I think we are not focusing from a city perspective level. I think the way we are looking at it is 
that we have a certain revenue growth target and certain amount of revenue growth happens 
through improvement in productivity of the existing network and some amount happens through 
investment in newer geographies. I don't think we are covering all over the country.  
So, I think the new geography is not like going to a totally new geography. I think like we already 
cover 1,100 cities, which is very wide. And like you saw last year, we increased by 250 cities. 
So, I don't think overnight is going to change to like covering 3,000 cities or anything like that. 
So, I think we'll keep adding to the coverage in a way that the overall unit economics of the 
business doesn't get worse. 
Moderator: 
I now request Videesha from Ambit to please accept the prompt on the screen. Since there is no 
response, I'll now request Vijit Jain from Citi to please accept the prompt on the screen. 
Vijit Jain: 
My first question is now you have had same-day, next-day delivery for about a little more than 
2 quarters, I believe, now. Could you talk a little bit about what kind of customer behavior 
changes are you seeing in the cohorts where you've been able to deliver within that time frame? 
Has it led to better retention metrics in a quantifiable way? And if you can talk a little bit about 
whether other metrics in the business like RTOs and returns metrics are different meaningfully 
when you and where you offer SDD, NDD versus the existing offerings? That's my first 
question. 
Falguni Nayar: 
Yes, Anchit, would you like to take this? 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
Anchit Nayar: 
Yes, sure. So, I think, look, on as we say for us, as for any e-commerce or any retail business, 
convenience is one of the 3 main pillars of really building a consumer value proposition. And 
we've always worked on improving our speed, and that reflects in the fact that our, O2D, order 
to delivery timelines have reduced from over 4 days to less than 2 days over the past 2-3 years. 
And today, as we've said before, 70% plus of orders across 110 cities are sitting at same day or 
next day delivery. So, our speed is getting a lot better. But it's not that we are doing this at the 
platform level. We're doing this across the assortment and across a majority of our demand in 
terms of, as I said, top 110 cities are 70%, SDD, NDD. 
 
So, there is no real difference in the KPIs for consumers who are receiving orders same day or 
next day versus those for whom it is taking slightly longer, whether it be on average order value 
or anything like that. So again, it's because we're trying to solve for pan-India rollout here of 
SDD, NDD, and it's available on the entire assortment. So, it's not like there's some limited 
assortment, etcetera. So, anything that we can, if you live in a particular pin code in a particular 
city, then a large part of that assortment is now available. So, I would say there's not too much 
of a difference in some of the KPIs we track. 
Vijit Jain: 
Got it, Anchit. Because I asked in general, for a lot of e-commerce platforms, generally, when 
you've seen spread up fulfillment for whatever reasons, RTOs, tend to move down and those 
kind of metrics we. So, I was wondering. But your answers were helpful. My second question is 
on Fashion business. I just wanted to get a broad sense on about a year or so back at one point 
of time, you guys had mentioned that when you're launching new products, either through your 
own brand or through others, the journey from concept to retail is like 6 months to 1 year for 
most of the goods on the platform, right? Has that shrunk meaningfully since? Do you think that 
is one of the major vectors of competition that you will see as Shein comes on board into India? 
That's my second question. 
Falguni Nayar: 
We think our own brands on our platform is not a very large contributor. I mean we've always 
announced it that it's about 10% to 12%, but that was always -- we had said the GMV of our 
own brands to a GMV of our fashion omni-channel business. And within that, it had also the 
fashion private label that we sell on third-party platform. So, I think I just want to remind you 
that really, yes, I do understand that fast fashion is what Shein will bring in and fast fashion is 
what is prevailing in the industry now. So, to that extent, own labels would have to do that. 
 
But I think if you are asking for a role of dot com. Dot com is going to get that kind of speed of 
new launches through a lot of D2C and other brands that are also coming on to our platform, 
international brands, D2C brands like Cider is a very similar model to Shein. So, there are other 
players from China, which have a similar model that are operating. So, there are a number of 
players who will cater to that need for speed of launch. And our own labels may also participate 
in that. With that, I think if Adwaita wants to come in. 
Adwaita Nayar: 
Yes. No, I think we are not trying to launch at an interval quicker than 6 months. We don't really 
think that is the problem to be solved with the need of the consumer. I think the consumer does 
want constant freshness with new drops every month. So, our own brands are obviously dropping 
product every single month to provide them the newness. But yes, that cycle does begin 6 months 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
in advance. That being said, we do retail a lot of other fast fashion brands and folks who are able 
to bring trends to the market very, very quickly. And so, we're being able to leverage that sort 
of fast fashion trendy behavior via our third-party brands, of which we struck a couple of very 
interesting arrangements where we have a lot of exclusive merchandise coming from those 
brands and players. 
Falguni Nayar: 
I think at a strategic level, if I may say at this point, we want our fashion labels to be enablers to 
our dot-com business and, they are being built as brands with the journey, which is independent 
of just our platform and beyond that also. But I don't think the ambition is to build a very big 
fashion brand with the aggression of trying to match some of the fastest, largest fashion brands 
in the country. So, we are not coming from that. We really are retailers - I always say that for 
even Beauty that we are a retailer first, and we want to continue to build strong retail platforms.  
I think on beauty.com, now we are so large that, that is also giving us opportunity to build our 
beauty brands in a much stronger way because we are a very large distributor. But again, when 
we are building those brands, we are building them both on platform and off platform. So, we 
have a brand approach to building brands, but distribution strength is also important, and that is 
what is the unique source that Nykaa has. 
Moderator: 
I now request that Siddhartha Bera from Nomura to please accept the prompt on the screen. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
The first question is on this growth on the BPC side in the NSV. So, we have seen now for quite 
some time that the NSV growth has lagged the GMV growth in the BPC segment. So, what is 
really driving this? Will this converge at some point or? There are some fundamental changes 
in the business, which will continue to drive this? Some thoughts here? 
Falguni Nayar: 
It has converted this time. This time, the NSV growth is slightly faster than the GMV growth. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Okay. Okay. 
Falguni Nayar: 
Sorry, I think NSV and revenue from operation is similar. I think, yes, the GMV is still slightly 
higher at 32%. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Yes. So, anything particular which we should look at, which has changed because it's like for 
the last few quarters, we have seen consistently NSV underperforming the GMV. So, any 
thoughts here will be helpful. 
Falguni Nayar: 
No. I think what we were telling you earlier was that basically, this is reflective of all the brands 
who sell on our platform. And discounts in the industry had been going up over the last 5-6 
quarters because of competitiveness amongst all the brands. A lot of international brands are 
coming into the country, a lot of domestic brands, which already have been there for a long time 
are competing with each other and a lot of D2C brands are also jumping into the picture. So that 
had led to additional competition. And as a result, the brands were discounting to compete with 
each other. So, there is some amount of that reflection in there. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Understood. And second is on this BPC business. Again, I mean, if I look at the profitability, at 
least at the EBITDA level, it's been stuck at a certain range for quite some time now with 
offsetting factors always coming from a bigger push towards growth. Do you think at some point 
or at a certain scale, we should start touching that double-digit type of profitability in the near -
- next few years? 
Falguni Nayar: 
Yes. I think like what I've been trying to say is that most of the investment, we have done a lot 
of improvement in many of the direct cost items. And I think marketing, which is also a direct 
cost item, we have chosen to invest a little bit more than, say, a year ago when it was at 9.5% 
for Beauty and now it's at 10.1%. We don't see this as something getting adverse. We see a 
conscious strategy and decision to invest more in marketing to accelerate our growth and that 
you can see in terms of acceleration in our customer acquisition and in our growth, and we do 
believe that, that's been very valuable. 
 
I think the next line that we need to really work on is other expenses, which have been 12.6% a 
year ago and only 12.5% now. There could be some improvement in controlling those expenses 
and we would like to do that. And yes, so I think net-net, we do believe that over time, we'd like 
to control both marketing expenses, bring them down and control other expenses, bring them 
down, and those 2 can lead to improvement in EBITDA margin for Beauty vertical. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it. Lastly, on the gross profitability side for the BPC. Do you think there are further levers 
where we can look to sort of improve that from where we are already like higher growth in the 
house of brands or some other areas where you can think that we'll continue to improve our gross 
profitability? Or this is largely probably at a level where you need to look at more other costs to 
sort of improve the overall profitability? 
Falguni Nayar: 
No. I think while gross profit margin is quite healthy, yes, I think -- I wouldn't say that there are 
no drivers at all available to e-commerce businesses. I mean, advertising is one such driver, 
charging for maybe faster delivery in some at a future date or a whole bunch of stuff. 
But I think we have a very large business. So, what all will move the needle is a key question 
mark rather than are there ways in which we are improving our gross profit margin. We are, of 
course, improving. We showed earlier that even in B2B business, we've had improvement in 
gross profit margin. We have had some improvement in gross profit margin in overall in Beauty 
business, like it's moved up from 42.2% a year ago to 43.4% now. 
 
So, I wouldn't say that it's a very healthy number, and I don't want you to believe that, oh, it's 
going to go up soon, but I also would not like to admit that there is no ability to improve that. 
And yes, as a company, we keep trying to improve our gross profit margin. But because it's a 
very large number on a large business, you have to do a lot of initiatives so that it can move the 
needle. 
Anchit Nayar: 
Yes. Maybe I can add. I would say that each of the individual businesses that sit within the 
Beauty vertical have certain opportunities to improve gross margin. For example, for the multi-
brand retail business, if the premiumization of the category plays out nicely, then that is also 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
February 10, 2025 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
margin accretive. If ad income, as I spoke about earlier, if that revives it continues to revive and 
if we continue to create more opportunities for brands to advertise on our platform, that could 
be gross margin positive. And for B2B as well, there are things the team is working on to 
improve gross margin, as you said, house of brands. 
 
But I think where it gets very complex is that this vertical is a combination of those businesses. 
So sometimes even if each business is independently improving their cost structure, improving 
their margins, if one business that is smaller than the other grows faster, naturally off of a smaller 
base and becomes a larger percentage of the total mix, at a consolidated level, that can look like 
it's staying flat. So, I hope you understand that complexity also. But what I can assure you is that 
each of the underlying businesses have improved their respective margin profiles over the past 
several quarters and years for that matter. 
Moderator: 
That was the last question we can take today. You may reach out to Nykaa's Investor Relations 
team for any additional queries. I would now like to hand the conference over to management 
for closing comments. 
Falguni Nayar: 
Thank you very much. We've really enjoyed this participation from all of you. I hope we've been 
able to answer most of your questions. And I also want to thank my team on this side who have 
participated in this call and provided you access to that thought process. So, thank you very 
much, everyone, who have participated in this call. And with that, I look forward to connecting 
with you in the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. 
P. Ganesh: 
Thank you. 
Anchit Nayar: 
Thank you. 
Adwaita Nayar: 
Thank you. 
