 
 
 
January 27, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 540767 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: NAM-INDIA 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended December 31, 2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter 
ended December 31, 2024, conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on January 23, 
2025, for your information and records. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company:  
https://mf.nipponindiaim.com/InvestorServices/pdfDocuments/Conference-Call-Transcript-for-Q3-FY-
2025.pdf 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
 
 
Valde Varghese 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: A/a 
VALDE 
VARGHESE 
PONTHOKKEN
Digitally signed by 
VALDE VARGHESE 
PONTHOKKEN 
Date: 2025.01.27 
17:50:18 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 21 
 
Data Classification: Public
 
 
Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
Q3 FY2025 Earnings Conference Call 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
• MR. SUNDEEP SIKKA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CEO 
• MR. PARAG JOGLEKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
• MR. SAUGATA CHATTERJEE – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER 
• MR. AMOL BILAGI – DEPUTY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
• MR. ARPANARGHYA SAHA – CHIEF DIGITAL OFFICER 
• MR. ARUN SUNDARESAN – HEAD OF ETF 
• MR. ASHISH CHUGANI – HEAD OF AIF 
• MR. AASHWIN DUGAL – DEPUTY HEAD OF AIF 
• MR. SHIN MATSUI-SAN - NOMINEE OF NIPPON LIFE INSURANCE, 
JAPAN 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. JIGNESH SHIAL – INCRED EQUITIES 
 
 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Data Classification: Public
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Nippon Life Asset 
Management Q3 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by InCred Equities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Jignesh Shial from InCred Equities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
 
Jignesh Shial: 
Yes. Thanks, Manav and good evening, everyone. On behalf of InCred 
Equities, I welcome all to Nippon Life India Asset Management, Q3 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call. We have along with us, Mr. Sundeep Sikka, 
Executive Director and CEO and the senior management team of Nippon Life 
India Asset Management. We are thankful to the management for allowing us 
this opportunity. I would now like to hand it over to Mr. Sundeep Sikka, 
Executive Director and CEO of Nippon Life India Asset Management for his 
opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Thanks, Jignesh. Good evening and welcome to our Q3 FY25 earnings 
conference call. We have with us, Chief Financial Officer – Parag Joglekar, 
Chief Business Officer - Saugata Chatterjee, Deputy Chief Financial Officer - 
Amol Bilagi, Chief Digital Officer - Arpan Saha, Head ETF - Arun 
Sundaresan, Head AIF - Ashish Chugani, Deputy Head AIF - Aashwin Dugal 
and Shin Matsui-san, nominee from Nippon Life Insurance (Japan). 
 
I would first like to share key highlights of our performance in the quarter and 
post that I will hand-over to Parag, to speak in greater detail on the recent 
Industry trends as well as our performance, post which we will move on to 
QnA. 
 
Coming to the Key Highlights: 
1. I would like to start by mentioning that as of Q3 FY25, NAM India 
was the fastest growing AMC among the Top-10 AMCs on a YTD 
basis, as well as over a 1, 2 year and 3 year period. 
2. This led to a continued increase in our Overall AUM & Equity AUM 
market share. 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 3 of 21 
 
Data Classification: Public
3. Further, our Equity Net Sales market share and SIP market share 
remained well above our Equity AUM market share. 
4. We achieved a high-single digit market share in terms of Equity Net 
Sales, while our SIP market share moved into double-digits in the 
quarter. 
5. Further NAM India has achieved its highest ever quarterly Operating 
Profit at INR 3.76 bn. 
6. I would also like to share that; Nippon Life India Asset Management 
Ltd. has set up a branch in GIFT City and has taken a Fund 
Management Entity (FME) license to manage funds. 
7. The first GIFT fund - Nippon India Large Cap Fund GIFT was 
launched in Jan-2025. This feeder fund will invest in our existing large 
cap mutual fund which has a long and proven track record.  
8. More fund launches are in the pipeline and will likely happen later 
during the calendar year. 
9. Lastly, to conclude my comments, I would like to state that we will 
endeavour to continue our journey of profitable growth going forward, 
including the scaling-up of our non-MF businesses. 
 
Now I will hand over the call to Parag for further details on Industry trends and 
our performance. 
 
Parag Joglekar: 
Thank you, Sundeep and good evening to everybody.  
Let me start off with the markets: 
Equity markets in Q3 FY25 witnessed a drop from prior quarter levels. The 
NIFTY declined by 8.4% QoQ, while the NIFTY Mid & Small Cap indices 
declined by 5.2% & 3.6%, respectively. RBI held the repo-rate steady at 
6.50%, while the 10 Year G-Sec yield increased marginally by 1 bp QoQ to 
6.76%. 
 
Coming to data on the Mutual Fund industry: 
1. Industry QAAUM grew by 3.6% QoQ and 39% YoY in Q3 FY25 to 
INR 68.6 trillion. 
2. The share of Equity in overall AUM remained relatively flat QoQ, 
ending at 60.8% for Q3 FY25. 
 
Now, moving to Industry flows: 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 4 of 21 
 
Data Classification: Public
1. The Equity category (excluding index funds and arbitrage funds) 
witnessed a gross inflow of INR 2.53 trillion and a net inflow of INR 
1.39 trillion. Gross inflows were lower QoQ, however net inflows 
were higher for a sixth successive quarter. 
2. Categories with the highest inflows were Sectoral/Thematic funds, 
Multi Cap and Flexi Cap funds. 
3. Moving on to SIP - Investments via the SIP route further increased, 
with the SIP contribution for the quarter being INR 771 bn, up 49% 
YoY and 8% QoQ. 
4. Monthly SIP flows in Dec-2024 stood at INR 265 bn, which was 
another all-time high.  
5. The Fixed Income category i.e. (Debt + Liquid), witnessed a net inflow 
of INR 438 bn which was lower on a QoQ basis. 
6. The ETF category had a net inflow of INR 143 bn. 
 
At the end of the quarter, unique investors in the Mutual Fund Industry 
increased to 52.6 mn i.e., an increase of 25% YoY. 
 
Now moving to our business performance: 
1. We closed the quarter with total assets under management of INR 6.56 
trillion. This includes Mutual Funds, Managed Accounts and Offshore 
Funds. 
2. Our Mutual Fund QAAUM grew 3.8% QoQ & 51% YoY to reach INR 
5.70 trillion. We had the highest increase in QAAUM market share on 
a YoY basis among all AMCs.  
 
I would now like to share a few key highlights for the quarter: 
1. Starting with market share - Our market share increased 1 bp QoQ and 
63 bps YoY to 8.31%. This is the seventh successive quarter of market 
share increase that we have witnessed. 
2. Our Equity market share also continues to improve. It increased by 3 
bps QoQ and 31 bps YoY to 6.99%. This is our highest Equity market 
share post Dec-2020. 
3. The share of Equity AUM in our overall AUM was flat QoQ at 51.1% 
for Q3 FY25. 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 5 of 21 
 
Data Classification: Public
4. We achieved a high single-digit market share in net sales in the Equity 
+ Hybrid segment in Q3 FY25. However, excluding NFOs our market 
share would be in double digits. 
5. We continue to have the largest base in the Mutual Fund industry, with 
20.0 mn unique investors. We are humbled to have over 1 in 3 mutual 
fund investors invest with us. 
 
I would also like to touch upon some important aspects of our Systematic 
Book: 
1. I am happy to share that there has been a continued uptick in our 
systematic flows over the last 14 quarters, which has led to an increase 
in market share. 
2. SIP market share increased by 12 bps to 10.00% over September 2024 
to December 2024. This also represents an increase of 396 bps over 
March 2023 when our SIP market share was ~6%. 
3. Our monthly systematic book rose by 7% QoQ and 60% YoY to INR 
33.6 bn for December 2024. This resulted in an annualized systematic 
book of INR 404 bn. 
 
Moving on briefly to the ETF Segment: 
1. We continue to be one of the largest ETF players with AUM of INR 
1.50 trillion and a market share of 18.14% (which increased by 278 
bps YoY). 
2. Our share in the industry’s ETF folios is 55%. We also have 55% share 
of ETF volumes on the NSE and the BSE. Our ETFs’ average daily 
volumes, across key funds, remain far higher than the rest of the 
Industry. 
3. To further augment our Passive offerings, we launched 2 New 
Products in the Index Funds Category in the quarter, namely the 
Nippon India Nifty Realty Index Fund and Nippon India Nifty Auto 
Index Fund. 
 
Moving on to our digital franchise: 
1. Digital purchase transactions rose to 4.08 million in Q3 FY25, up 
141% YoY. Digital Business contributed 73% of the total new 
purchase transactions Q3 FY25. 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 6 of 21 
 
Data Classification: Public
2. We are delighted to announce a groundbreaking feature on our Mutual 
Fund Android App - Voice Integration - aimed at making investing 
easier, inclusive, and empowering for all. This feature has been 
thoughtfully designed to enable seamless transactions through voice 
commands, introducing the power of conversational commerce to 
redefine how investors interact. With this innovation, every investor, 
including differently abled individuals, can experience independence 
and ease in managing their investments. 
 
Now, I would like to briefly update you on our subsidiaries - namely the 
AIF & Singapore subsidiaries: 
1. Starting off with AIF - Under, Nippon India AIF, we offer Category II 
and Category III AIFs and have a total commitment of INR 69.8 bn 
across various schemes. 
2. Fundraising is currently underway for our Listed Equity AIF, 
Performing Credit AIF, and Direct VC Fund.  
3. Fund deployment across all the strategies was robust in Q3 FY25, with 
5 active investments in Performing Credit, and full deployment in our 
Tech/VC FoF. 
4. The team has been strengthened across functions which positions us 
well for future growth. 
5. On the Offshore front - We continued to witness good equity inflows 
in the quarter from various international geographies. Offshore AUM 
grew 34% YoY to INR 167 bn with our UCITS Equity Fund reaching 
an AUM of ~USD 530 mn. 
6. We continue to expand our footprint in the Japanese Institutional space 
in conjunction with Nissay Asset Management, Japan. 
7. A new offering in the Indian Mid & Small Cap space, which has been 
our forte in the domestic market, has now been made available to 
international investors, providing additional options for the investors 
to invest into Indian Equities. 
8. We continue to work with Nissay Asset Management, Japan on this 
new offering and market it in the Japanese retail space. 
 
 
 
 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 7 of 21 
 
Data Classification: Public
Now on to our Financial Performance: 
1. For Q3 FY25, Revenue stood at INR 5.88 bn, up 39% YoY and 3% 
QoQ. 
2. Other Income stood at INR 0.15 bn, down 86% YoY and 87% QoQ. 
3. Movement in Other Income was on account of Mark To Market impact 
on the Investment Book and was impacted by adverse capital market 
movement during the quarter. 
4. Operating Expenses stood at INR 2.12 bn, up 23% YoY and 3% QoQ. 
5. Excluding the impact of ESOPs, Operating Expenses grew 17% YoY 
for Q3 and 19% YoY for 9M FY25 - driven mainly by investments in 
talent, non-MF businesses and technology infrastructure. 
6. Operating Profit stood at INR 3.76 bn, up 50% YoY and 3% QoQ. 
7. Profit After Tax stood at INR 2.95 bn - up 4% YoY and down 18% 
QoQ.  
8. For 9M FY25, Operating Profit grew by 55% YoY, Profit After Tax 
grew by 29% YoY. 
 
We would also like to mention that we have rationalized distribution costs for 
existing AUM in our Large Cap & Multi Cap schemes in the quarter, which 
have a combined AUM of approximately INR 760 bn, while also moving to a 
proportionate sharing model on these schemes going forward. We will 
continue evaluating opportunities for similar rationalization in other schemes 
as well. 
 
With this, I would like to conclude my remarks and open the floor for 
questions. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
We have a first question from the line of Swarnabha Mukherjee from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Hi sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on a great set of numbers. 
Three questions from my side. Firstly, I wanted to understand in this first few 
days of this quarter, how are you seeing in terms of flows spanning out in your 
organization? Is there any kind of pressure coming because of the market 
performance?  
 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 8 of 21 
 
Data Classification: Public
So just wanted to understand how the flows are panning out. Of course, in 
December, we have seen that the SIP flow numbers are very steady for you 
guys, it has in fact increased  QoQ, but I wanted to get that color for January. 
So sir that would be my first question. Second is if you could elaborate a little 
bit on the rationalization that you have done the proportional sharing how it 
has impact on the yields for the equity segment?  
 
And when exactly in the quarter, you have done that and should we expect 
some favorable impact on the yields in the coming quarter as well? And thirdly, 
sir, in terms of the other expenses, so just wanted to understand that given the 
market movement and maybe near term the equity even growth might not be 
like what we have seen in the earlier quarters. How should we read the other 
expenses number going forward?  
 
Should we be planning to curtail on our variable expenses? So these are my 
three questions. And also if you could also share the yields of the different asset 
classes that would be very helpful? 
 
Parag Joglekar: 
Sure, Swarnabha. So thank you for the question. I'll take the other expenses 
question first and then I will hand it over to Saugata for the closing question. 
So other expenses, there is slightly an increase mainly due to the investment 
which we have done in technology and our AIF business. But our endeavour 
is to keep the overall expenses ex of ESOP in the range of around 15% to 16% 
to 17% range only.  
 
That is our endeavour over going forward and futuristic also. So that is the one. 
And on the yield question, the equity yield in the range of around 57 basis, the 
debt yield is in the range of around 25 basis, liquid remains more or less 10 to 
12 basis flattish. ETF is 15 basis and the blended yield is 37 basis. 
 
Saugata Chhaterjee: On the flows side, at least the early trends in the month of January does not 
indicate any sort of distortion. We are more or less at par with the December 
numbers, but we'll wait and see how it goes, how the behaviour of the SIP and 
the HNI investors come in as we go ahead from here on because the trends are 
quite volatile, but initial trends do not indicate any major shift of flows from a 
December comparison. 
 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 9 of 21 
 
Data Classification: Public
Sundeep Sikka: 
The only thing I'd like to also add is that whenever we have seen in past markets 
are volatile, it is the HNI flows which slow down. The retail and SIPs, they 
continue to add stability. So we do not expect unless and until it is a very 
prolonged 12 months to 18 months kind of a volatility continues from here. We 
do not expect the retail SIPs to slowdown. 
 
Parag Joglekar: 
And Swarnabha on the rationalization question you asked. So, yes, we have 
recently done in almost fag end of the quarter. So the impact may not be seen 
in the current quarter. There will be some impact going forward. But on the 
overall AUM, it will be very flattish on miniscule. And going forward, it will 
help us to a certain extent to streamline the yield. That is the only thing I can 
comment. 
 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Sir, the proportional sharing method would that imply that it will allow you to 
consistently pass on the reduction in tier on the back book going forward? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Yes, your understanding is correct. 
 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: So does that mean that should the equity yield dilution that we have seen so far 
would be at a lower level than what we have seen like -- maybe we remaining 
in this mid-50s kind of a number, even if the AUM growth is there? Would 
that be a fair estimation? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
I think we won't like to be able to give the number, but as we said directionally 
that's the objective of the proportionate sharing. 
 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Right sir. Understood. Very helpful. Thank you so much and all the best.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Prayesh Jain from 
Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Sir, just on this extending the point on the adjustments that you've done to the 
commissions. And so -- why did this chose these two schemes and why not 
some of the other large schemes like a small cap, probably it has one of the 
largest AUMs. So why not on that as well or do you think that you're probably 
going down the road, you would start doing it for the entire space. Are there 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 10 of 21 
 
Data Classification: Public
any initial signs where the distributors have kind of raised some concerns 
around it and whether the entire industry is kind of moving towards it? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
I'll take the second part of the question. I will not be able to comment on behalf 
of the industry because as mentioned many times in the past, every company 
shareholders will have a different objective. From our point of view profitable 
growth is the key, which is point number one. You have question, why scheme 
A, why not scheme B? I think the way you should see small cap had already 
been done.  
 
Large cap and Multi cap have been done now. All the three schemes put 
together; the average AUM is about 45% to 50%. So directionally, you can 
understand which way we are going. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. Sir, second question was on the SIP closures and the SIP run rate that 
people have been and media has been alluding to the number of SIP closures 
are going up significantly in the past couple of months. Whether that is 
reflective of the kind of growth we saw 3 years ago when there's like some -- 
Zerodha Groww, Angel One kind of -- right now started their mutual fund 
operations and started scaling up. Is that kind of tenure closure that's happening 
or what is the kind of trajectory we should be seeing here now? 
 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
So Prayesh, Industry has seen a higher percentage of discontinuation in the 
month of December which is around 70s in the mid-70s. But what happens 
these are again cyclical stuff. We'll have to keep seeing like Sundeep 
mentioned, we have seen in the past the SIP customer of the past and in the last 
2 years, 3 years are more resilient.  
 
Hopefully, these percentages may not be the norm as we go ahead. In our case, 
we have percentage discontinuation is much lesser than the industry numbers. 
So which again shows that if we have been able to get to more retail customers, 
more fragmented customers, that's our business model. We have better 
retention in our SIP book. We'll have to wait and see how it goes, but our SIP 
behaviour should be much better than the industry behaviour. 
 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 11 of 21 
 
Data Classification: Public
Sundeep Sikka: 
But the past trend whenever there's a volatility tells us, higher the ticket size of 
SIP I mean they are the ones they get discontinued, more retail you have the 
better it is, they are more sticky. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. Got that. And the other bit and the last question is on the international 
business. Any thoughts that you can share as to what is your 3-year kind of 
targets or any aspirations in terms of AUM size and revenue potential out of 
that business that can accrue to the company? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
As we have mentioned in the past also, widely the focus for the company has 
been to raise more offshore money. But the last 4 years, 5 years, it was 
important for us to consolidate our position on the mutual fund side and that 
was where a lot of energies were put. With the mutual fund business doing well 
now market share increasing. 
 
At this time, we are working closely with Nippon Life Japan, Nissay Asset 
Management Japan and other associate companies of Nippon across the globe. 
It will be difficult for us to give a number. But all I can say is at this point of 
time, we are more positive than ever before because a lot of funds are getting 
launched, a lot of dialogues are on. And as and when we have more numbers 
to report, we'll keep coming to you. But directionally, you can expect more 
positive flows come into an addition top line and bottom line. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Great. Thank you so much. That helps and all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Madhukar Ladha from 
Nuvama Wealth Management. Please go ahead. 
 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Hi, thank you for taking my question. Sir most of my questions have been 
answered. I just have one question on the other income. So we've seen a very 
sharp drop in other income, but when I look at your exposure to equities that's 
much lower. So, for example, it's at about INR500 crores of a total book of 
INR3,300 crores. So can you give a little bit of color on the breakup of this 
mark-to-market movement? How much of it is equity and debt, if you have 
that split? 
 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 12 of 21 
 
Data Classification: Public
Parag Joglekar: 
So Madhukar, I will just give you the broader picture. So basically, we have 
our alternate asset business also, where we have to put a lot of money in the 
seed capital of the schemes which we have launched, which is mainly in 
category 3, which are all equity schemes. And there we invest in listed equity. 
So there we have seen a lot of movement because there the majority money 
goes in equity. And in the NAM side, whatever seed capital requirement which 
we have to do, which we have done, which has some impact due to mark-to-
market losses on the equity in the market. 
 
Madhukar Ladha: 
But this is largely only driven by equity? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Yes, largely equity in AIF. 
 
Parag Joglekar: 
And it is getting bit impacted in the consolidated. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Yes. 
 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Understood. Got it. All the best.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Mohit Mangal from 
Centrum Broking. Please go ahead.  
 
Mohit Mangal: 
Thanks for the opportunity. First thing I wanted to ask in terms of the total 
number of branches, while we have seen your competition opening a little -- 
lot more branches. We are not very keen on that side in terms of expansion. So 
just wanted to know your thoughts in terms of the next 10 months to 12 months 
are you intending to expand? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So just from our perspective, I don't think you'll see us opening substantial 
number of branches. There could be -- even if it is, it will not be like 
competition. We believe in increasing the efficiency of the existing branches, 
we already have a big number of the largest network. And we believe 
leveraging technology to get more efficiency from both physically as well as 
online and offline part of our business. So we will not -- we do not intend to 
open multiple branches. 
 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 13 of 21 
 
Data Classification: Public
Mohit Mangal: 
Okay. Got it. And in terms of the product pipeline, I mean, you told they have 
launched a couple of the things in the passive side are now say going next two 
to three quarters, do you have any product pipeline? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So we'll continue launching some as mentioned in the last few quarterly calls, 
we will continue launching a few schemes in our passive business. Having said 
that, we have taken an internal view that we will not be launching any active 
mega NFOs. Broadly, the strategy of the company will be to keep launching 
funds, have them build up a track record and gradually let business come.  
 
We believe NFOs distract the company and impact the overall flows, which 
are much more stable. So we'll continue focusing on ongoing sales, SIPs, only 
new launches that you will see will be in our passive. And even if there is a 
scope for us to launch a scheme in active, we will not go for mega NFO. 
 
Mohit Mangal: 
All right. Got it. Just one clarification that we continue to maintain double-
digit market share in the equity and hybrid schemes in the flows segment? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Yes – double-digit ex of NFOs. 
 
Mohit Mangal: 
All right. Thank you and wish you all the best.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Manas Agrawal from 
Sanford C. Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
 
Manas Agrawal: 
Yes, I had two questions. One, is can you help us understand, what is the 
management fee or expense ratio for the GIFT feeder fund. What I want to 
understand is, is pricing better at a console level for the entity if money comes 
in from this route? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
It's going to be feeding into the existing fund. So it's more to do with the 
volumes. It gives us an access to international investors to invest. So a certain 
set of investors who could not invest or it was not easy for them to invest, they 
will have access to come into large cap fund, but the pricing of the underlying 
remains the same. 
 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 14 of 21 
 
Data Classification: Public
Manas Agrawal: 
Underlying is same. Okay, understood. The other thing I wanted to understand 
is this year, industry flows from mainly households into active equity trending 
2x of previous year? Now a lot of this is lump sum, I understand, but how 
should one think about growth in flows from here because markets have also 
cooled down. I wanted some understanding on that, how you are thinking or 
how the industry would think about this? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
I wish I had the answer for that. I cannot predict future how things will be. But 
from our point of view what the way we see it is, over the last 5 years, you are 
seeing a very strong focus on SIPs. We strongly believe lump sum will always 
get impacted whenever the markets are volatile, to the extent our SIP market 
share has gone up from ~5% to 10% in the last 24 months and is moving up 
faster.  
 
So which gives us a cushion, even if the markets were to slow down or the 
incremental flows were to slow down. So from our point of view, it will be 
more qualitative growth. We will not be worried too much about lump sum. 
But for sure, we are a part of the industry. If markets turn volatile or negative, 
it definitely impacts the sentiment and there could be a slowdown compared to 
where the flows have been coming down. 
 
Manas Agrawal: 
Understood. Thank you, sir.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Abhijeet Sakhare from 
Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Hi, good evening. See the first question is again coming back to the 
commission cuts. Is it possible to give an indication of what would be the basis 
point impact on the opening book for these two schemes starting 4Q? 
 
Parag Joglekar: 
So Abhijeet, it's very difficult to specifically mention on that, but the idea that 
the slowdown in the overall yield should have some reduction. That is the idea 
because we keep on getting new flows and the AUM keeps on growing. So it 
is difficult to mention on it, but overall basis it will be very small because the 
overall impact will be not much on the overall equity yields. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So Abhijeet, what it shows is the direction in which we are going. 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 15 of 21 
 
Data Classification: Public
 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it. So the way to look at it would be that because these schemes are 
gathering a lot of flows. So instead of the usual decline in yields, you would 
probably target the yields to remain flat over the next few quarters? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So the idea is basically to slow down the pace of the fall in yields basically.  
 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it. And then again sorry, sticking to the same point. So now you have kind 
of cut commissions on large cap, small and multi-cap like these would be the 
three largest schemes for you? And then in your initial remarks, you mentioned 
that you would look at continuing some of these measures going ahead. So 
would you look at these same set of schemes because any commission cuts 
elsewhere probably would not have a similar impact? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
The team continues evaluating depending on the market conditions, situations, 
and the environment. So it will be difficult to give us an answer. But 
directionally we will keep rationalizing and be conscious that the fall is 
arrested. 
 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it. And second question was it possible to give the number for ESOP costs 
in 3Q? 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
INR 11 crores. Overall 9 months is INR 31-odd crores. 
 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it. And Parag sir your guidance on opex, you stripped out ESOP. So I just 
wanted to ensure if there is anything to look forward to over the next 12 months 
that could move the overall opex line beyond that 17% number you mentioned? 
 
Parag Joglekar: 
I don't see anything specific. But obviously, as I mentioned earlier that we will 
keep on investing in technology and other things. And we will keep on 
investing in our alternate business and other subsidiaries. So that we will keep 
on doing. But there is nothing specific we can see. 
 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Madhukar Ladha from 
Nuvama Wealth Management. Please go ahead. 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 16 of 21 
 
Data Classification: Public
 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Thank you for taking my question again. So just coming back to the distributor 
commission rationalization. So 50% of the AUM has been done. Now do you 
envisage that the other 50% will also be sort of -- you will also be taking 
measures on that over the next few quarters. Could you give some outlook on 
that? Yes, that's the only thing? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So Madhukar, at this point of time, we may not have specifics to share, but 
whether the reduction will continue in the existing schemes or we'll extend it 
to all other schemes. As I mentioned earlier, we'll continue evaluating. But the 
guidance that we are giving is the directional approach is that we'll try to arrest 
the downfall that was there in yield. 
 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Understood. Thank you, sir.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a question from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Thank you for the opportunity again. Just on this cash balance we were at 
around INR 4,300-odd crores at the end of June. Now we are at around INR 
3,300 crores is primarily dividend nothing else? 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
So it's on account of two factors, one is, as you rightly mentioned, dividend 
and another that have invested in our corporate office space. So these are the 
two reasons why there is a drop in the investment assets. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. And just another clarification there. When you say the AIF seed fund 
and all this is sitting in other assets, right? The breakup that you've given on 
the contribution of financial effects, the seed funds of AIF that you would have 
invested that would be sitting in other assets category? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Yes, you're right. Yes. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
So that is sitting there in other assets, right? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Yes. 
 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Data Classification: Public
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Shreya Shivani from 
CLSA. Please go ahead. 
 
Shreya Shivani: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have -- my question is on the offshore 
business. So just wanted to understand if you could help us understand this 
book usually is not volatile, usually picks up pace and continues. I mean maybe 
here and there; I can see a decline. This time sequentially there's been a decline. 
So just trying to understand what exactly plays out in terms of book declining 
at this pace?  
 
I get that you've given the mix between managed and advisory, but even there, 
there can be -- there is a slight bit of decline. I just want to understand what 
happens in this business that it can change directions at this stage? 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
So the movement in the asset that you're looking at is mainly due to mark-to-
market majorly getting in the flow of the assets. 
 
Shreya Shivani: 
Okay. So this may not be reflective of lack of -- like not reflective of 
redemptions, more to do with mark-to-markets? 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
Yes. 
 
Shreya Shivani: 
But there can be like higher redemptions also that can come through, if my 
understanding is correct? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Nobody can predict redemptions, but at this point of time for the results that 
we've declared, we have not seen any redemptions. 
 
Shreya Shivani: 
Okay. Got it. That’s useful. Thank you so much.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yashodhan Nerurkar from 
Ionic Wealth. Please go ahead. 
 
Yashodhan Nerurkar: Thank you so much for giving me the opportunity to have a question. So the 
first question that I had was on the ETF business. So we have seen a sharp scale 
up from, say, FY2018 levels to 2024. As a percentage of your total AUM has 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Data Classification: Public
gone up to somewhere around 26%, 27%. And if I consider -- I mean, amongst 
the passives the retentions are higher than liquid funds as well. 
So what plans do you have in terms of scaling this part of the business as well? 
Because as I see -- I mean it has got a tremendous potential, you already have 
significant head start in terms of the volumes, in terms of the market share. So 
how do you see this business how lucrative is it for you? And what do you see 
the growth for this business? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So Yashodhan, broadly you're right. We have a head start. We were one of the 
early ones to invest into this business. And we clearly believe both active and 
passive will continue to grow. There are different set of investors who will 
continue investing in active and in passive. Our objective is to help these clients 
in the center and -- whatever decision investor wants to do, whether he wants 
to come to active or passive, we'll try to offer the best in both to them. 
 
Coming to future, we remain very optimistic about the passive business. And 
the pace that it is growing, clearly -- it's already demonstrated in the numbers. 
About our future plans, we clearly as mentioned earlier, we may launch certain 
new schemes. But one good thing about this business is if you look at globally 
also this business normally, the top two, three players continue commanding 
higher market share because of liquidity, low tracking error and various other 
parameters. 
 
Unlike mutual funds, typically where an investor will invest in five to six 
different schemes, because in ETFs and passive the underlying is the same. We 
do not over diversify. So we believe we'll continue building on the head start 
that we have and continue building other products soon. At this point of time, 
we have 48 passive products. We may launch a couple of more, but this 
business is all about scale.  
 
And from a more than basis points we believe with the kind of AUM that we 
have and the basis that we're earning, it is now adding substantially to our 
bottom line. 
 
Yashodhan Nerurkar: All right. Perfect. That's helpful. And another question that I had was on the 
SIP discontinuation that you have faced. You already said that the 
discontinuation is lower than the industry. But I mean, is there any efforts taken 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 19 of 21 
 
Data Classification: Public
from your end to minimize the discontinuations or the cancellation, because 
I'm sure there would be people who will be pausing SIP for a month or two.  
 
So are there any initiatives from your end that you might be reaching out to the 
investors and trying to somehow make sure the cancellations will go through? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Let me answer it in two ways. First, definitely there is an ongoing effort from 
the company by reaching out. We have basically created in the portfolio while 
we have roughly about 3 crores folios. We try to segment investors into 
different categories based that artificial intelligence and data is used and a 
different kind of handholding, centralized handholding is done, the kind of 
creates better than that is one part. 
 
But I'll go a step back a little. It's more -- it's not about what we do after we 
acquired the investor. The quality of sourcing depends is a very important 
thing. If you are trying to get investors which are more, HNI, they typically are 
little more volatile.  
 
And -- but when we are sourcing, lower the SIP size, getting smaller citizen 
towns. We have seen these SIPs are more stable and they do not discontinue 
when the markets are volatile. So it's a mix of both the things, both while 
sourcing also as well as continuous efforts are done by the digital team. 
 
Yashodhan Nerurkar: Okay. All right. And just a last question that I had on -- was on total AUM. So 
if I consider just the equity AUM, roughly half of it has contributed by just 3 
to 4 schemes, the larger ones. And you said that you don't want to launch any 
newer schemes and your focus remains towards scaling the existing ones.  
 
But I mean, most of the schemes that are there in equity, they are still below 
say INR 10,000, INR 5,000 crores of AUM. So what -- I mean, how do you 
intend to scale those up? And what are your plans for those schemes? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So you're right, a couple of schemes are below INR 10,000 crores. We do not 
want to aggressively push any particular scheme - that we have stayed away 
from. We've seen in the industry; the thematic funds have been getting a lot of 
allocations. We do not want to push funds where we do not believe. We believe 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Data Classification: Public
majority of the investors should be in the -- vanilla products, large cap, small 
cap, mid cap, rather than thematic funds. 
 
So we are in no hurry to scale up the schemes because these are niche schemes 
- the sectoral funds and all. We let the advisers and investors take the call. But 
from our perspective, what we've mentioned, we will not launch schemes. 
 
Please read the schemes as NFOs. We may continue adding schemes, but we 
do not want to launch mega NFOs, which we believe the assets are not sticky. 
 
Yashodhan Nerurkar: Right. So basically, it's going to be an approach where any investor -- so you 
have all the options open, so any investor that he chooses right option for him, 
he can go towards this. So that's the kind of thought process that you have 
towards the investors? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Perfect. You're right. 
 
Yashodhan Nerurkar: All right. Thank you so much for that. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Ankit Bihani from Nomura. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Ankit Bihani: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. So my question is on the performance of 
the two top equity schemes that you have small and multi-cap, which have seen 
a slight softness in performance over the 6 months to 9 months. So are you 
seeing any slowdown of inflows into these schemes given that mutual fund 
distributors, while pushing their scheme, recent performance may be a 6 
months or 1-year performance becomes a selling point for them? 
 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
Yes. So Ankit, I'll take this question. Our method of getting equity assets in 
our company has always been retail, has always been explaining to the 
distributors that you should look at 3-year, 5-year, it's not longer performance. 
Even if the 6 months, 9-month performance has slightly dipped, the 3-year, 5 
years makes sense. 
 
So it's continuous education, communication, telling them about the processes, 
what we have built in this company. That's what probably is helping us to keep 

 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Call 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Data Classification: Public
retain the flows and moving the direction of the distraction from near term 
performance to long-term performance. 
 
Ankit Bihani: 
So what do you mean to say is the flows are resilient in these schemes, you 
have not seen any slowdown? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Yes. broadly, your understanding is correct. One more thing I'd like to mention, 
this is not only about our schemes. What we've seen is the distributors and the 
investors have matured a lot. They understand equities 6 months, 9 months is 
nothing. I mean you'll always have this glitch; you're not investing in fixed 
income. So I don't think so they react to it the way they used to react about 5 
years back or 10 years back. 
 
So it is not only for us. Going forward you'll see schemes which have a long-
term track record even if there's a blip for 6 months, 1 year, you will not see 
the kind of reaction what you used to see in the past, because investors are also 
understanding and appreciating an equity has to be a long-term view. And 3 
years to 5 years is what needs to be looked at not 6 months of 1 year. 
 
Ankit Bihani: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Jignesh Shial for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
 
Jignesh Shial: 
Yes. Thank you, everyone. On behalf of InCred Equities, I would like to once 
again thank the management. 
 
Amol Bilagi: 
Thank you for joining the call. 
 
Moderator: 
On behalf of InCred Equities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
