 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
‘Shriram House’, No. 31, T Chowdaiah Road, 
Sadashivanagar, Bengaluru - 560 080 
P: +91-80-40229999 | F: +91-80-41236222 | W: www.shriramproperties.com 
CIN No. : L72200TN2000PLC044560                 Email: cs.spl@shriramproperties.com 
Registered office:  
Lakshmi Neela Rite Choice Centre, 1 Floor,  
#9, Bazulla Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600 017 
February 18, 2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot C 1 – G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: SHRIRAMPPS 
BSE Limited 
Dept of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543419 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call on the Company’s Financial & Operational Performance 
for Q3 and 9 Months ended December 31, 2024 held on February 12, 2025 
 
We are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call on the financial and operational 
performance of the Company for Q3 and 9 Months ended December 31, 2024 held on February 
12, 2025. 
 
We request you to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
Regards 
 
For Shriram Properties Limited 
 
 
 
K. Ramaswamy 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS 28580 
 
 
 
 
 
 
K Rama 
Swamy
Digitally signed by K 
Rama Swamy 
Date: 2025.02.18 
17:56:10 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
“Shriram Properties Limited  
Q3 and 9 Months FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 12, 2025 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
MR. M. MURALI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – SHRIRAM PROPERTIES LIMITED 
MR. GOPALAKRISHNAN J – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SHRIRAM PROPERTIES LIMITED 
MR. RAVINDRA KUMAR PANDEY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – SHRIRAM PROPERTIES LIMITED 
STRATEGIC GROWTH ADVISORS – INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISORS – SHRIRAM PROPERTIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the website of the company on 12th February, 2025 will prevail. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 February 12, 2025 
Page 2 of 21 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Shriram Properties Limited Q3 and 9 Months 
FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference call may be recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Murali M., Chairman and Managing Director. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Gopal. I'm the CEO of Shriram Properties. 
Mr. Murali is joining us in a minute. In the interim, sincere apologies for uploading the 
documents a bit late. The Board got over a little late, and therefore, it took little longer. My 
apologies. But I think the presentation is now online on both stock exchange website as well as 
the company website. And we will just begin this call in a moment. 
M. Murali: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. I'm delighted to welcome you all to our analyst call today. 
We are here to discuss the financial results of Shriram Properties Limited for the quarter and 9 
months ended 31st December 2024. Firstly, I'm pleased to announce that we achieved resilient 
quarterly sales of 1.26 million square feet, 22% quarter-on-quarter and 14% year-on-year 
increase. 
 
And the sales value of INR 670 crores, which is 18% increase on quarter-on-quarter and 14% 
increase on year-on-year in Q3 FY '25, despite external challenges leading to deferred launches 
in Q3, Shriram Properties remains on track for strong growth in Q4, driven by planned new 
launches in Pune and Bangalore. 
 
The sequential growth in sales was fuelled by recent launches, including Shriram Serenity in 
Bangalore, Shriram Swargam in Chennai and Shriram Symphony in Kolkata, alongside robust 
sales in ongoing projects. With the project approvals progressing very well, strong momentum 
is expected in Q4. 
 
Gross collections remained stable at INR 346 crores for Q3 and INR 1,030 crores for 9 months 
for FY '25. However, growth was impacted by deferred collections from handovers and new 
launches. Shriram Properties handed over 630 plus units in Q3 alone, and 1,750-plus units in 9 
months for FY '25. 
 
On the business development front, Shriram Properties has acquired development rights for 3 
new projects in Yelahanka, which is North Bangalore; Electronic City in South Bangalore; and 
Koyambedu in Chennai with a combined development potential of 1.1 million square feet and a 
gross development value of about INR 850 crores to INR 1,000 crores. The company remains 
focused on doubling its new project pipeline over the next 12 months to 18 months' time. 
 
Shriram Properties remains committed to its medium-term growth targets and is actively 
expanding its project pipeline, launching new projects and ensuring faster execution. The focus 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 February 12, 2025 
Page 3 of 21 
 
on timely completions, seamless handovers, and steady revenue recognition will accelerate 
growth. 
 
I would like to now ask Mr. Gopal and Mr. Ravindra Kumar Pandey to briefly discuss the 
performance in detail with you. I'll be happy to answer any questions you might have thereafter. 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
Thank you. Good evening, again, ladies and gentlemen. As I mentioned a minute ago, we have 
uploaded the presentation on the websites of the company and the stock exchanges. I hope you 
have access to it. I'll be referring those presentations to walk you through the performance of the 
company, both operational and financial, between me and my colleague, Mr. Ravindra Pandey, 
and we will then answer all your questions, as you may have. 
 
Starting with Slide 2 of the presentation, just an overview of the company. We are at the 25th 
year of our operation. We've built a very strong operating platform, which has been delivering 
meaningful results over the last few years and has built a very strong legacy and the experience 
in terms of customer experience as well as our market track record. 
 
And we have a very strong balance sheet, well poised for taking the next leap of growth is the 
fundamental belief that we have. And accordingly, we have our medium-term aspiration that we 
have rolled out, and we believe we are on track. We're working towards delivering on those 
numbers for the next 3 years. 
 
Against this backdrop, I wanted to go drill down to the quarterly performance trend. The quarter 
gone by has left with a mixed emotion for us, strong in some aspects, not so strong and a 
satisfactory moment in some aspects. It's very strong, sequentially. As you know, we had a bad 
Q2 because of external factors. 
 
Those external led factors or problems continued to some extent during Q3, but we have seen 
green shoots now, and most of the issues, at least we have greater visibility on resolution on both 
approval front as well as on the handover/revenue recognition front. So, there's a bit of a bad 
news and a good news during the quarter. 
 
Started with a little bit of a muted quarter, but second half of the quarter was fairly strong on 
both sales front as well as project execution and collection front. That's the sum of what 
happened during the quarter. Let me now go into details of our quarterly performance. Starting 
with Slide 4, sales volumes were at 1.26 million square feet, 22% quarter-on-quarter growth, 
14% year-on-year. Sales values at INR670 crores reflect 18% sequential growth and a 14% year-
on-year growth. 
 
Collections are a bit muted, almost flat at INR 346 crores both on a sequential as well as year-
on-year basis. Strong construction momentum delivered milestone collections. [inaudible 
0:07:01] lagged their initial expectations due to the deferred launches and deferred handovers 
during the quarter. We expect that to be caught up in the coming quarter. 
 
Handovers grew up about 8% quarter-on-quarter to 636. On a 9-month basis, we are at about 
1,758 units handed over. We are setting ourselves with a targeted Q4 handovers of about 1,500 
units as compared to 1,300 units that we did last year. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 February 12, 2025 
Page 4 of 21 
 
 
Because we had a muted Q2 and a mix trend in Q3, the 9-month performance remained almost 
muted or almost same as previous year. So, there is a bit of a lag there, but we believe a 
substantial part of this lag will be caught up, both on the sales front and the handover front and 
the revenue recognition front in the coming quarter, and I'll explain that as we go through. 
 
Page 5 talks exactly about what I spoke, but I'll go little bit in detail before I talk about the 
financial performance. As you know, we had some external dependencies, which have been 
dragging us for the last couple of quarters. Q2 was one of the most challenging quarter we had, 
beginning of Q3 was challenge continued, but now we have a greater visibility on both the fronts 
that we have been suffering for the last quarter or so. 
 
Approval front, I think we have now started seeing momentum. Bangalore project, we got the 
initial approval. We are currently at a pre-RERA stage. Once RERA comes through, I think we 
will launch our Bangalore project in the coming month. Pune, we have spoken about it a couple 
of quarters now. 
 
I think it's about delayed by almost 3 quarters. Variety of factors beyond our control, central 
elections, state elections, post-election delay in appointing the regulatory authorities and so on 
and so forth. No amount of explanation can justify that. But I believe it's a learning curve that 
we have gone through in our new market. 
 
We have now received initial set of  payment advises, so we believe now we are a couple of 
weeks away from RERA stage. And therefore, we have set our internal teams in order to be able 
to take off meaningfully in the new market. 
 
On the CC front, the Completion Certificate or Occupancy Certificate or Release Order 
depending on which market we are operating, the clarity emerged only in the last few weeks, 
where the papers have eventually moved finally. I'll explain that as we go through in detail. But 
fundamentally, these 2 issues continued for early part of Q3, but have reached a meaningful 
bright path -- positive path now. 
 
We are not the only one having this problem, I believe. If I look at the published results of 
various companies, we see the industry-wide launches have been subdued that has let to a supply 
shrinkage, and therefore, volume growth impact for some of the listed players. But I want to 
assure you that this is not a demand slowdown. We are seeing a robust demand. I will explain 
when I go through my quarterly more in detail. 
 
But there is no demand slowdown. Customer activities have revived post the beginning of festive 
season, midway through October-November 2024. We have seen a remarkable bounce back in 
customer activity; therefore, we remain positive about the underlying market conditions. 
 
It's the administrative processes, which have -- which we believe have held  many of the industry 
peers. So, you will see -- as some of you must be noticing from the newspaper ads and launches, 
you would see a greater momentum in the coming quarter -- coming weeks, I believe. So that's 
what I mean as the growth green shoots. It's visible now, and we believe it will set a new 
momentum for the remainder of this quarter as well as next few quarters. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 February 12, 2025 
Page 5 of 21 
 
 
The rest of Slide 5 is talking about the issues that I've talked about, but I want to simply 
summarize by saying strong KPI trends despite external challenges that we have faced. We had 
a reasonably good outcome on the KPI front, and high confidence on the 2 launches that we 
have, one in Pune and one in Bangalore. Very high -- good probability of having another launch 
in Kolkata. 
 
These 3 appear to be the definitive launches for current year. Two of them surely on track. Third 
one is still contingent on the West Bengal. Final clearances are still awaited. The plan approval 
is received. But the KMDA last final approval is awaited still, and therefore, I'm not really raising 
hope on it, but it has a equal probability of coming through towards the second half of March. 
 
So therefore, 2 launches, max 3 launches for the remainder of this quarter. Rest of the launches 
that we had in the cards got pushed to Q1 and Q2 next year, most likely Q1. But these launches 
are adequate enough for us to reach a meaningful growth year on year. On the earnings front, 
which is the last box on Slide 5, we now have an enhanced visibility of revenue recognition, at 
least in 2 key projects, which got stuck for the last 1-1.5 quarters. 
 
The issues are nearly resolved. These 2 projects alone held revenue recognition potential of 
about INR500 crores, most of it should come through in Q4. We are fully geared for handovers 
and registrations. We are targeting to hand over 1,500 units during the quarter. 
 
As you know, this is not a difficult task because last year, we did about 1,300 units handed over. 
So, it's within the realistic achievable time frame or a framework for us. That should actually 
bring back the earnings momentum back to us, which we saw a bit of a suffering in Q3 for the 
second consecutive quarter. 
 
Slide 6 puts the whole message that I gave so far in a simple context. We see this muted launches 
or muted volume trend across the sector, mixed trend between the players. Slide 6 talks about 
the average or aggregate volumes our listed peers as well as regional listed peers. 
 
While we have delivered a meaningful growth on KPIs, seems in some parameters better than 
rest of the industry averages, but we're not quite resting on our laurels now on this. We believe 
we have strong work to do to achieve our full year numbers. So, the team is already working 
towards ensuring meaningful outcome of the 2 launches that are set out for end February and 
early March as well as trying to make the Kolkata launch possible towards second half of March. 
 
With that, I move to Slide 7. I spoke about operational performance already. Strong sequential 
growth in volumes as well as values, supported by projects launched towards the end of Q2, you 
may recall from our earlier earnings call that we said we launched projects only towards the end 
of Q2, and therefore, we had impact in Q2 volumes. That got caught up, and therefore, we saw 
a meaningful growth in sequential as well as year-on-year growth in volumes during the quarter. 
 
Renewed demand trends in the midst of a festive season is encouraging. Our recent launches 
have really performed well from a sales perspective. All the 3 new launches that we did in end 
of Q2, Serenity in Bangalore, Swargam in Chennai, Symphony in Kolkata, all did well with a 
meaningful percentages of project getting sold during this quarter. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 February 12, 2025 
Page 6 of 21 
 
 
The overall growth would have been stronger if we had succeeded in penetrating into Pune 
markets as planned at least in Q3. We could manage to reach a meaningful progress only towards 
the end of last quarter and now papers have moved after all the election-related delays and all 
that in that state. 
 
On the project execution front, as I explained already, 630 units handed over during Q3 and 
1,750 units for the 9 months. Majority of Q3 handovers were in JV and DM projects, and 
therefore, had a limited impact on revenue recognition, but Q4 handovers are largely in own and 
JDA projects, and therefore, should provide a robust revenue recognition activity in Q4. 
 
With the CC/OC issues nearly resolved in both these cities, Chennai and Bangalore, we are 
confident of 3,300 target that we have set for ourselves. All it means is, 1,500 units to be handed 
over in Q4 against 1,400 that we did last year. So, it's a meaningful, small leg up from last year's 
achievement, but we are not letting anyone take it for granted. 
 
So, the entire system is focused on accelerating this and achieving these numbers. We are, 
therefore, fairly confident of reaching a meaningful handover, and therefore, full year revenue 
should be realized as originally planned substantially. On the financial performance, it's a 
satisfactory outcome considering the challenges that we have faced, but not a happy moment. 
That's a mixed emotion that I talked about at the beginning of the call. 
 
Two projects, as you know, got stuck from Q2, with a revenue potential of INR 500 crores sold 
but yet to be handed over. The value of that is about INR500 crores, and therefore, those projects 
were pending on OC and therefore, Q3 did not see any traction in these projects. So, all the 
handovers of 630 units are mostly on all other ongoing projects or majority of them being joint 
venture projects and DM projects. 
 
But with those issues nearly resolved now, we believe a thrust will be on SPL's own projects in 
Q4. Q3 revenues, therefore, were muted at INR 180 crores. Growth quarter-on-quarter, but 
definitely not a happy moment because it's a decline on a year-on-year basis because of the 
registration or the handover constraints. 
 
Overall, margins remained healthy, that clearly shows that the projects that are getting 
recognized have a healthy margin profile. Gross margins are about 31%. EBITDA margins were 
about 24%, 8% PBT margins. We believe, given the visibility that we have now got in the last 
few weeks on the OC/CC front, financials are expected to rebound with increased handover in 
Q4. 
 
On the business development front, we have concluded 3 projects, 1.1 million square feet of 
development potential. Two in Bangalore, one in Chennai, as you can see in Slide 7, with a gross 
development value of close to INR 1,000 crores. This is just the beginning of a conversion of 
our pipeline. We have about 17, 18 projects in the pipeline at an advanced stage of evaluation. 
 
As we have set out to achieve our medium-term aspiration, we need to nearly double our pipeline 
from 17 million square feet launch pipeline to over 30 million square feet in the next 12 to 18 
months, max 24 months. And therefore, the entire energy is set towards accreting or adding more 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 February 12, 2025 
Page 7 of 21 
 
projects to the pipeline. And these additions are beginning of what we are waiting to see over 
the next several quarters to come. 
 
We have completed land monetization in Chennai and the cash flows of about INR 93 crores are 
received now, and that has augmented additional capital for growth for us. That kind of sums up 
the entire quarter on all parameters, good and bad. 
 
Moving to Slide 8, just a quick snapshot of where the launches were, and the campaigns were. I 
think all the campaigns have worked well, and we expect to see a similar outcome for the 2 new 
launches that we have scheduled for the next 6 weeks. 
 
Slide 8, 9 summarizes the launches so far and the planned 3 projects. 3 new projects launched, 
3 phases were launched, so in all, about 6 launch efforts. A reasonable supply added to the sales 
team, but I think the launch in Bangalore in the Electronic City and Pune should add more 
momentum to the sales activities in the coming weeks or during the remainder of the quarter. 
 
And Kolkata seems to be making good progress, but since the external dependency is still there 
we should be able to complete it over next 2 weeks. But since external dependencies are there, 
I'm assuming it's an equal probability of coming through by mid of March or end March, early 
April, but it is just around the corner now. 
 
Slide 10, pricing trends. Overall, price remains stable. Our portfolio price hike is in the range of 
about 5% during the year so far, appreciable modesty in price hikes because we have had very 
robust price hikes over the last 2 years, 20% growth in our portfolio price averages between FY 
'23 and '24. 
 
And with the pricing reaching threshold number where it could actually have an impact on 
velocity. So, we could see most players exercising caution. And that trend was visibly evident 
among all large players, where price increases have been modest for most of the ongoing 
projects, and that's evident in this slide as well. 
 
Our average realization for mid-market products now range around INR 6,700, which accounts 
for nearly about 70 odd percent of our portfolio. And some of the ongoing projects are still in 
the affordable category. On the plots, also, we have made a meaningful growth over the years 
and this year has moved another INR 500 per spare feet of plots compared to previous fiscal. 
 
So overall, encouraging trend on the price front, encouraging trend on the customer activity 
revival or bounced back since the beginning of the festive season in October, late October. So, 
the market environment is conducive. Beginning of fall in interest rates should revive 
affordability even better, and therefore, we see a reasonably strong undercurrent in the market. 
 
With the approval process streamlining behind us, it appears that we should see a more 
momentum, both from Shriram as well as our industry peers, both in Chennai and Bangalore. 
So just summarizing that market conditions are conducive. 
 
Customer interests have been revived. The customers have come back and with the renewed 
activity since late October, beginning of festive season, I think the overall momentum is very 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 February 12, 2025 
Page 8 of 21 
 
encouraging. With the approval process issues or process streamlining in front of us, both in our 
core markets, we believe the overall activity, both at Shriram from a launch perspective as well 
as industry peers should be more robust in the coming quarters, and therefore, we see a healthy 
volume activity going forward. 
 
On the pipeline front, we have about 17 million. We are beginning to accelerate our pipeline 
accretion, and therefore, we should see increased pipeline activity as well. Together with this 
operational momentum, we also should see increased financial momentum or financial 
performance momentum during the remainder of this quarter, and therefore, for the full year. 
 
I will explain the financial performance now. Moving to Slide 12. As I explained, we continue 
to have challenges on the OC front, and therefore, registration front, predominantly for the 2 
projects, which are Shriram's own projects and have a very large revenue impact. The remaining 
projects continued, but they are primarily DM or joint venture projects, and therefore, had a 
limited impact on revenue recognition in Q3. 
 
We had about INR 180 crores of  overall revenues, reflected quarter-on-quarter growth, but drop 
on a year-on-year basis. Therefore, it is not that satisfactory moment for us internally. But 
viewed in the context of external challenges, we believe, we have done meaningful. Gross profits 
at about INR 89 crores, gross margins at around 31% or so, reflects basically the underlying 
strength of project profitability that are getting recognized now. 
 
That clearly endorses the fact that the company is on to a more robust margin profile going 
forward because these are the projects that have been sold post 2018-2020, and therefore, the 
recent launches with the enhanced scale, we expect it to have a better margin profile, and that's 
what is actually showing up, and therefore, it's a bit of encouragement for us that, even with a 
low scale for the quarter, margin profile is stable at least. 
 
If you look at overall cost of revenue, it has performed in line with the income/revenue 
recognition trends. All other employee benefits and other expenses have remained almost stable 
from a quarterly run rate perspective. No material, no substantial volatility or a change that 
requires a big explanation, except that I would say other expenses during the quarter is slightly 
higher than Q2 as well as Q3 last year, primarily because of the launch expenses. 
 
So, the end of last quarter we had 3 launches. Those expenses have to be recognized right from 
promotional expenses to brokerage commissions to other expenses. Therefore, it was higher by 
about INR 3 crores compared to Q4, Q3 last year and about INR 4-5 crores higher than the 
previous quarter. 
 
Other than that, there are no big volatility in the cost profile. EBITDA at INR 43.9 crores reflects 
a 14% growth year-on-year. Finance costs have been almost stable, and the actual interest 
expenses have literally remained flat, primarily because even though we started the year with a  
higher gross debt relatively, the gross debt levels have come down during the last 9 months, and 
therefore, interest costs have not been volatile. 
 
In fact, on a 9-month basis, interest is lower marginally, actual interest outflow. And also, the 
unwinding impact that we always had, as we explained about this whole cost related to our 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 February 12, 2025 
Page 9 of 21 
 
royalty provision that we are providing for Bengal. Which is still not completely resolved on 
paper, and therefore, we continue to provide on a conservative basis. When the verdict finally 
comes in our favour on paper, the actual orders from the court or the government, we will stop 
accruing this and we'll treat the prior provisioning in an appropriate manner. But for now, we 
have provided about INR 4 crores against INR 5 crores last year same quarter. 
 
On a 9-month basis, we have provided INR 12 crores compared to INR 15.7 crores in the 
previous fiscal. So, there's a drop there. There's a drop in interest costs. And therefore, the overall 
finance cost is lower. Our PBT, therefore, is higher at roughly INR 15 crores compared to INR 
9 crores last same quarter and a negative number in the previous quarter unfortunately.  
Share of JV profit and loss, last year, we had about INR 5 crores of gain, last year same quarter. 
This year, it is marginally negative or near 0, primarily because the impact of the revenue 
recognition in joint venture got offset by renewed launch expenses in one of our joint venture 
called Shriram 122 West in Chennai and therefore, that both got offset against each other, and 
therefore, we had the big delta there.  
And the second delta related to the tax expense. In the prior period, we had a write-back of an 
unrequired provisions, and therefore, that was the second delta. Because of these 2 deltas, net 
profit is lower compared to last year's same quarter, INR 13 crores now compared to INR 18.5 
crores. 
 
And of course, unfortunately, we had near 0 earnings in the preceding quarter, Q2 FY '25, and 
therefore, Q-o-Q may be different. I'm not comparing that. On a Y-o-Y basis, it wasn't a happy 
moment. But overall, viewed in the context of deferred revenue recognition, I think this current 
quarter performance is neutral -- not a satisfactory moment, but I think this is a reasonable 
outcome viewed in context of overall challenges. 
 
Slide 14 talks about whatever I've said so far. Just summarizes for your perusal. Slide 15 
highlights the current status of these 2 deferred projects. We believe the issues are nearly 
resolved now after a long battle. Pristine Estate, in Bangalore, there was unacceptable level of 
additional demand from the regulatory/local authorities. Therefore, penal demand from their 
perspective, we challenged that. And so, release order got delayed. Then we pursued our court 
options. We got a favourable verdict now in our favour, saying the release orders or the 
completion certificate should be issued and without the penal charges. And simultaneously 
government has also moved ahead for the industry as a whole on avoiding such penal charges 
on plotted development. And therefore, both fronts have moved well, and the bill has been 
approved in assembly, waiting for the GO to be notified in gazette and then we'll start registering 
in the next week or so. I can explain in the Q&A, if somebody wants to know more in detail. 
 
Park 63, Chennai, again, got stuck for some time, but I think it's resolved now. Papers have 
moved. And in both these projects, we have lined up customers for registration. Necessary sale 
deed preparation, sale deed alignment with customer, everything is progressing well. 
 
And therefore, as soon as the papers are received next week, we should be able to start the 
registration, which clearly gives us a 45 days' time to register. Fortunately, for us, Chennai 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 February 12, 2025 
Page 10 of 21 
 
markets have at least opened the registration on Saturdays and in some SROs Sundays as well. 
So therefore, we should be able to accelerate the handovers and registration in Q4 to recoup or 
regain most of the lost ground from the last 1.5 -2.0 quarters of struggle. 
 
Slide 16, cash flows. Operational cash flows have remained strong at INR 60 crores and for a 9-
month basis, INR 157 crores. And net cash outflow from financing perspective is mostly loan 
repayments, both in each of the quarters during this year. And therefore, we have had about INR 
73 crores of repayment in all, and that left us with a free cash flow of minus INR 14 crores. 
 
We made new project investments about INR ~40 crores. Therefore, we ended up consuming 
cash from closing cash and equivalents. We ended the quarter with about INR 71 crores of 
balance, and subsequently, benefit of mall land monetization proceeds we have gone back to 
about INR 140 crores of cash and cash equivalents as we speak now, INR143 crores to be 
precise. 
 
So, I think we regained our war chest, and we are again, fully equipped to make further 
commitments and further investments in new pipeline. So overall, it has been a good 9 months 
so far from a cash flow perspective. Q4 should be much more stronger from a free cash flow 
perspective. 
 
On the debt profile, as you may have noticed, our gross debt moved up little bit in the March '24 
because we took a bridge loan or interim financing for giving exit to Mitsubishi Corporation as 
well as a new loan for providing exit for our strategic financial investor in one of our projects, 
Shriram Pristine Estates. Both these were bridges in nature, and therefore, they got liquidated 
subsequently. 
 
Today, we've got a gross debt of INR 470 crores, net debt of INR 400 crores. So even on a net 
basis, we are down from INR 440 crores to INR 400 crores on a gross basis, reflecting these 
repayments, we have come down substantially from INR 631 crores to INR 470 crores. We 
should go down even further in the coming quarter. 
 
At the same time, cash and cash equivalents will be more robust and hopefully be redeployed in 
acquiring new pipeline if our plans go through well for the next 6 weeks. Cost of debt has 
remained under control. 
 
Moving to Slide 19. Given the challenges that we have gone through in new launch in Pune and 
delayed launches in Bangalore market, we have trimmed our Q4 based on what we think is 
reasonably doable. Because we at 9 months, we are about 3 million square feet today. Based on 
our sustainable sales expectation for Q4 and contribution from the 2 launches that are expected 
this quarter, we are constrained to trim our full year number to about 4.6 - 4.8 million square 
feet. Sales values go down to some extent. But rest of the numbers are trimmed only marginally 
between collection, handover and all that. But we believe these numbers is still achievable 
number based on what we have done for the last 6 weeks as well as what we think we will do 
over the next 6 weeks' time during this quarter. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 February 12, 2025 
Page 11 of 21 
 
 
On the handover, we keep talking about 2 projects having impact, our struggle, which is now 
over. They are not the only projects for revenue recognition. Slide 20 shows all the projects that 
are going through a revenue recognition process, both joint venture, DM as well as our own. 
 
As you could see, the top part of the Slide 20 shows the 5 projects that have been going through 
revenue recognition in the last quarter or  part of Q2 and Q3. They are moving well. Though 
they are all in JV and DM, but they are moving well. 
 
The Q4 handovers includes these 2 projects, plus other project as well. We are at an advanced 
stage of completion of 3 projects in Bangalore, Mystique, Phase 2 of 107 Southeast and Shriram 
WYT. All these will have a meaningful impact on the handovers during the quarter. 2,500 units 
are available for handover, out of which we are trying to target -- between these 2,500 units as 
well as the remaining unit from the previous top part of the table, we are targeting to hand over 
about 1,500 units during the remainder of the quarter. 
 
With that, I'll move to Slide 21. Pipeline, I talked about the pipeline already. Our current pipeline, 
the ongoing project is 21 million square feet, of which I think we have sold about 17 million 
square feet already. So nearly 80% of ongoing pipeline is sold. So, it's completely derisked 
portfolio that we are running right now. Remaining volumes will be sold between Q4 of this 
year and early part of next year. By then, the newly launched projects will take over sales 
momentum. 
 
The new -- to-be-launched projects about 17 million square feet, which will feed us volume for 
FY '26 and a part of '27. In the meantime, we need to assemble a much more robust pipeline. As 
we have said in the past, 17 million pipeline from our upcoming projects need to literally double 
or nearly double to 30-35 million square feet over the next 24 months. 
 
So, working towards it. Currently, the GDV of the pipeline is about INR 10,000 crores. Ongoing 
is another INR 10,000 crores. Therefore, we have a robust pipeline. Robust ongoing project 
mostly sold, only 20% left for the next couple of quarters to be sold. Therefore, that GDV will 
be available for revenue recognition in the coming years, at least next 6-7 quarters will be driven 
by these projects. And then the newly launched projects will take over from there. 
 
So overall, it's a very robust pipeline from a sales as well as revenue recognition perspective, but 
we are working continuously towards further improving this pipeline because we believe this is 
where significant amount of work has to be done by us for the next 12 to 18 months, but we are 
committed to working tirelessly to reach that point in the next 12 to 18 months in terms of 
assembling a 30-35 million square feet of upcoming pipeline. 
 
The last slide, you may have seen our media public announcements. The update here on this 
front is that the group level restructuring that has now been made public. The restructuring that 
we are proposing or working towards is very simple. Promoter holding will not change. The 
shareholders of promoter holding, which is held through a HoldCo. The shareholding of the 
HoldCo is only changing between Shriram Group and Mr. Murali. 
 
We had to go through a SEBI approval because it's an indirect shareholding change of the 
promoter group. We secured SEBI approval, and the first tranche of this transaction happened 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 February 12, 2025 
Page 12 of 21 
 
in December '24. The remaining transactions, SEBI has given 1 year timeline to complete. So, 
December '25 will be cutoff for completing the entire transaction, whatever they both want to 
share between themselves interse promoters. 
 
Mr. Murali now owns 54.8% of the HoldCo compared to 26%-27% earlier. Accordingly, the 
effective ownership in Shriram Properties has gone up to 15.2% out of the 28% promoter 
holding. The remaining is currently held by Shriram Group Executive Welfare Trust, which at 
some stage will transfer hands to Mr. Murali again. 
 
How does it impact Shriram Properties as the listed company? We see no material impact on 
Shriram Properties. One, because the promoter holding remains unchanged. Changes are 
envisaged only at the HoldCo level -- the shareholding at the HoldCo level. SPL will continue 
to operate under the brand name Shriram Properties -- under the company name or the brand 
name for Shriram Properties perpetually, and we will not be required to pay royalty beyond FY 
'25. 
 
And therefore, this is a permanent right that we have secured at 0 cost. The new identity that we 
launched in August-September last calendar year, the new logo, if I can call it crudely, will 
continue to be our identity going forward. 
 
Therefore, I hope this brings lot of clarity to people in there because some of the concern that 
I've heard in the past from people from capital market stakeholders is, will promoter 
shareholding change will it result in any supplies in the market of equity of Shriram Properties, 
liquidity overhang issues or brand issues, brand continuity, Shriram name continuity and all that. 
I hope this brings clarity to the issue and removes some of the key concerns that people had on 
this topic. 
 
With this, I pause here, and myself, my colleagues here in this room, Mr. Pandey, who is the 
CFO; myself, Gopal, CEO; and Mr. Murali, CMD, all of us will try to answer the questions that 
you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. We have our 
first question from the line of Vidhi Shah from C.R. Kothari & Sons. 
Vidhi Shah: 
So previously, you had mentioned that your deferred revenue will be INR150 crores, which will 
be realized in quarter 3. So now -- but the revenue realized is INR120 crores, revenue from 
operations. So, any reason for that? 
 
And my second question is that earlier the EBITDA margin guidance that you had given was 
20% to 30% and PAT margin at 10%. So, does this include other income? Or is it exclusive of 
that? 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
So, I'll answer the first question. So, what we had said as a deferred revenue was what should 
have happened in Q2 got deferred to Q3. Q3 also would have had the plan, right? The 
combination of these 2 quarters now is where the INR500 crores number comes in. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 February 12, 2025 
Page 13 of 21 
 
 
This is the deferred registrations from Q2 and Q3 together. now that almost we have the visibility 
on the OC/CC process, we think this substantial or almost the entire deferred revenues of the 
INR500 crores between these 2 projects, nearly all of it or at least substantial part of it should 
get recognized in Q4. So that's the first question that you had. 
 
Second one was on the margins. We've always guided EBITDA margins of mid-20s, 25% -- I 
have always said and consistently in the call that it will be somewhere between 22% to 25%. We 
don't take other income, but we always take other operating revenues because, in our business, 
there are 2 components. 
 
The revenue from registration handover and therefore, revenue recognition is one part of our 
P&L. There are always transactions that are associated with our --  routine business, which is 
predominantly like purchase and sale of development rights as well as the other activities like 
we collect pass-through charges, we collect handover charges, penalties, premiums. 
 
All of this put together, we also have what we call is the other operating revenues, which is 
shown in this slide. Those 2 are the ones which are taken into account for EBITDA. We don't 
take other income, which is primarily comprising of interest income, interest on loan to 
subsidiaries, interest on loans to land owners, interest on loans to DM projects. 
 
Those other income, we don't take into account. That's why we -- over the last year or so, we 
have divided the whole -- whereas audit report shows -- both these income clubbed together and 
therefore, we try to highlight this in our slide presentation. 
 
So that EBITDA margin as we calculate, if you look at the Slide 13, you would see EBITDA 
margin, as I described, at 24% and 21%. 21% is without other income, 24% will be entire 
INR179 crores revenue is taken into account. So, I think both numbers are available on Slide 13 
for you. 
 
And we believe EBITDA without other income can reasonably stabilize between 22% - 25% at 
any point of time on an annual basis. Quarter-to-quarter fluctuations will always be there because 
of base effect. 
Vidhi Shah: 
All right. And can you give us the PAT guidance for the full year and revenue guidance for full 
year and next year as well? 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
So, I would like to stay away from PAT guidance. We will have a meaningful growth on a full 
year revenue basis compared to last year. Last year, we had close to about INR 860 crores, INR 
987 crores including other income. About INR 980 crores of revenues last year will have a 
meaningful growth on a full year basis because we see a robust registration momentum of our 
own projects in Q4. 
 
And we will have a margin which is EBITDA margin in the range that I talked about and a PBT 
and PAT -- PBT margin in the range of about 9% to 11% and PAT margins in the range of 8% 
to 10%. That, I think we are confident of maintaining that over the years. 
Vidhi Shah: 
Okay. So, for next year, the revenue and handover guidance will be approximately what? 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 February 12, 2025 
Page 14 of 21 
 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
Next year, I think we'll come back to you at an appropriate time once the annual plans get 
approved by the Board. But on a medium-term basis, as we have said, we are looking at more 
than nearly tripling our revenues on an annual revenue recognition by FY '28, which is a 3 years 
plan that we have articulated publicly. 
 
I think we are fairly confident. If you're looking for a much shorter term, it will be difficult for 
me to go year-by-year guidance. All I can tell you is handover momentum of our -- completion 
and handover momentum of about 3 million to 5 million square feet should give us at least a 
20% growth on an annual basis in the top line. Can be higher, but for now, I will stay with 20%. 
Vidhi Shah: 
So, with this 3x revenue is 3x the current revenue from this year? 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
The current revenue, yes. INR1,000 crores mark that we had. I'll tell you where it's coming from, 
right? The ongoing projects, we have about 20-odd million square feet of ongoing projects. 
Majority of them will be handed over the next 3 years. They have a gross development value of 
about INR9,000-odd crores. Of which, if I take out joint ventures and DM, we should at least 
have about INR5,000 crores to INR6,000 crores of GDV to be recognized over the 3-year period. 
 
Therefore, the confidence comes. And majority of our projects if you look at, they're all on track 
or ahead of RERA timelines in many cases. Therefore, execution is on track, and therefore, we 
should be able to recognize this income over the next 1 to 3 years' timeline. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pankaj Garg an Individual Investor. 
Pankaj Garg: 
My question is -- I'm a retail investor, and it's very simple. So, on creating shareholder's wealth. 
So, whether company is proactively reaching out to some of the fund houses, large fund houses, 
mutual funds, FIIs to come and participator or whether promoters planning to buy something 
from the open market so as to support share price and creating investor shareholder wealth? 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
Yes, sir. I think it's a very important question. Two parts to it. Yes, we are working with our 
advisors and experts who can guide us in terms of marketing Shriram Properties as a company 
to institutional investors. We continue to have periodic conversation with different managers 
across mutual funds, helped by SGA, who is our IR consultant as well as on our own. 
 
We will continue to do that. But I believe we have managed to make meaningful progress on 
family offices and HNIs as part of our first leg of our activity that we undertook over the last 
couple of year. Mutual fund efforts have delivered initial results, set to gain momentum. We'll 
continue to work towards it. That's our priority area now. 
 
On the question of promoter buying, there are no definitive plans right now. We'll come back to 
you if there any plans which is approved by the promoters as well as the shareholders. 
Pankaj Garg: 
Just a supporting question on this. There is lot of money which goes through the index funds. I 
mean worldwide people do buy those index mutual funds. So is company doing anything to get 
added into those index funds so that the automatic the funds start coming in. There are certain 
checkpoints and the criteria of the stock exchanges? 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 February 12, 2025 
Page 15 of 21 
 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
At this stage, we are smaller than the eligibility for the index. We look forward to that day very 
soon, hopefully. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shalini Desai from Elevate Capital. 
Shalini Desai: 
I was going through the results, and I had a question on other income. So, I see that our other 
income has relatively risen for Q3 and 9 months. Can you please explain the reason for the same? 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
Yes. So, during the quarter, for Q3, other income is flat, INR 4.4 crores going up to INR 7.5 
crores, which is because of some additional interest income that we recognized. If you are 
meaning other operating revenues, other operating revenues comprised of multiple activities, 
including divestment/sale of development rights in a couple of projects, including this 
divestment of mall land had some capital gain there. 
 
And a few other projects where we divested some development rights. So overall, it's a 
combination of multiple factors there, but they're all routine to our operation, whether it is retail 
sales or a wholesale sale. That's the only difference it will make. But the routine real estate 
operation, which is part of other operating revenues. 
 
Other income is the only one which comprise of all the -- we don't have a big treasury, so there 
is no capital gain on capital markets. It's primarily interest income here. 
Shalini Desai: 
Okay, sir. Got it. Also, regarding the guidance that you have given that going ahead, you will 
witness the 4x profit. So how are we getting the confidence to achieve the same? Could you just 
throw some light on this, please? 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
Yes. So, if you look at the ongoing projects alone, I'm not even taking new projects into account. 
Ongoing projects have 21 million square feet. Shriram share of the total 21 million square feet 
have a gross development value of roughly about INR 9,500-10,000 crores. If I strip off the JVs 
and DMs and minority interest there, we are still in the INR 6,500-odd crores of GDV that 
belongs to Shriram Properties these projects have already been ongoing, and they will be 
completed and handed over the next 1 to 3 years' time. And as we have consistently talking 
about, and we have demonstrated the profitability, EBITDA wise, we are in the mid-20s, and 
PBT wise we are in about 8% - 11% let's say, 10%. 
 
To that extent that earnings have to come back to us, net of all the expenses, right? So, therefore, 
we have done this on a bottom-up approach. Being a larger public call -- I'm giving a gross broad 
and a 30,000 feet view. 
 
If you come here one-on-one, maybe I'll be able to demonstrate much more clearly by the 
timeline. But fundamentally, it works like this. The 3-year handovers, all these projects have to 
be handed over. Majority of this INR 6,500 will have to be recognized over the next 3 years. If 
they carry even at 9%, 10% margin, you know where we would move from INR 75 crores 
reported profit of last year. 
 
That's the confidence. That brings us -- because 80% of our projects are sold, they are 
progressing on track and they're either on or ahead of RERA timeline. Therefore, we know where 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 February 12, 2025 
Page 16 of 21 
 
we are headed from handover perspective over the next 1 to 3 years. And therefore, the 
confidence comes on medium-term aspiration in terms of revenue recognition and earnings. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Sir, my first question is on business development. So, you have in this quarter done INR 1,000 
of business development. Just wanted to check for the year as a whole in 9 months, what has 
been the business development? And how much do you expect you can close in the fourth quarter 
of this financial year? 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
On the BD front, overall, for the year, we wanted to add about 3-4 million square feet when we 
started the year. I think we are slightly lower than that number on a 9-month basis. By end of 
this year, we would have exceeded our 3-4 million square feet mark comfortably. But that's one 
way of looking at it. 
 
I think the other way -- as we keep saying that over the last quarter or 2. The aspired pipeline 
addition is very strong. So, it's not about this quarter alone. We need to add around 13 million- 
14 million square feet over the next 18-24 months. So, FY '26, we believe, will be a big year for 
us from a BD perspective because we kind of reworked the entire plan on how we want to 
position ourselves over the next 3 years, and therefore, we have cut it down to regional pipeline 
addition that we need to achieve for the next 12 to 18 months or 18-24 months max. 
 
And therefore, we believe we we would meet, if not surpass our current year target, but that's a 
small number, right? We have reset the game, and we want to have 8 million-10 million square 
feet addition in the coming year. And that's going to be the testing point for us in terms of how 
aggressively we achieve -- execute that plan and achieving is where the success of next phase of 
our success will be. That's what we are focused on right now. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And this land sale, which we did, should that -- will it reflect in Q4 numbers? 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
Yes, sir? 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
You said this INR93 crores of cash flows have been received from the land sales. So that will 
reflect in Q4. It's already there in Q3? 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
No, it's in Q4. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Q4, okay. 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
A small part of it is in Q3, but majority of the receipts were in Q4. So  that's why I said, as we 
speak, our cash and cash equivalent is about INR 143 crores. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
But have the gains on the sale of land realized in Q3 or it will come in Q4? 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
Sorry? 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
The gains of the land sale have been recognized in Q3 or that is also come in... 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 February 12, 2025 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
Land sale was not a gain issue. The overall capital gain on this land sale would be about INR5 
Crores-INR6 crores, not more than that. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
It's for the cash flow unlocking. 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
INR5 crores, is actual capital gain. I'm just checking with my colleagues here. INR5 crores is 
actual capital gain on this transaction and that is part of Financials it is Q3. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. Just on the launches, sir, so in Q4, what does -- how much confidence you have on the 
launches? So how much was the total GDV of launches which should be done in Q4? And also, 
if you can update us what is the RERA status on this? When do you expect the RERA for these 
launches? 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
So we are currently -- as we speak, we have a good confidence on both Bangalore and Pune 
because we have seen papers -- we are in the process of receiving demand notes and making 
payments and all that after a long gap, Pune has moved at a meaningful pace now with the new 
government, new people, new bureaucracy and all that set in. So, I think we have a good comfort 
on Pune coming through. 
 
The question would be whether we'll be able to launch by end of this month or early next month? 
So, I think we have a good comfort on launching it in this quarter. And Bangalore has moved 
reasonably well. Though it was slow in between, but I think it has moved at a good pace, and 
we should be able to launch, our model flat is getting ready, and we should start the market, 
seeding activities with the channel partners by end of this month. So, both these are under 
control. 
 
Kolkata is still awaiting couple of final clearances between Urban Development, Ministry and 
local development authorities. So therefore, I'm betting not 100% on them. Hopeful of getting 
it, but I will keep my -- bit of reservation there. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
So, have you applied for the RERA for the Bangalore launch? 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
No, it's at the pre-RERA stage right now. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. What happens to the guidance for the full year? I mean, you were looking at doing close 
to about INR3,000 crores of sales in that range of INR2,500 crores to INR3,000 crores. So where 
do you think you'll end up in financial year FY '25 in terms of presales? 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
So, in terms of presales, we highlighted about INR2,750 crores to INR3,000 crores was indicated 
number for the full year. As you can see from Slide 19, we think we'll end with about 4.6 million-
4.8 million square feet somewhere in between and INR2,400 crores - 2,700 crores are the sales 
value that we are thinking of. Not what we originally thought of. The range that we highlighted 
at the beginning of the year was INR2,750 crores to INR3,000 crores, I think will be a notch 
lower. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 February 12, 2025 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay, sir. Any plans now to diversify beyond the southern market, I mean beyond Kolkata, I 
mean in MMR or in -- now you are in Pune. So, any plans to do something in Mumbai region or 
any plans here, given there has been some focus on the urban -- decluttering the urban listing in 
the budget. So, do you intend over next near term to midterm to foray into MMR market? 
M. Murali: 
So, as we look at, I mean, see now we are looking at doubling and tripling and quadrupling our 
key metrics in the next 3 years' time. We are on this path to make this happen. For making this 
happen, we have lined up projects or identified projects, which are from our core markets, 
Bangalore, Chennai and Pune. And of course, Kolkata whatever the existing project. 
 
Within these 4 regions, we'll reach our target, and our continued focus will be on this for the 
next 12 months' time to make sure that we reach our destination here what we are looking at. So, 
we are on this path now. We'll look at other markets later after we reach our destination on this. 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
And also, to supplement, I think the focus will be on stabilizing Pune first so that we establish 
ourself as a credible player in Pune and then look for anything else beyond. For now, I think that 
itself is a big task in front of us, stabilizing in a good competitive market, stabilizing ourselves 
as a credible large player. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And just the last question on land bank monetization in Kolkata. So, any update, I mean, in this 
year, this quarter, next year? So, we intend to be debt free. So, what is the timeline, revised 
timeline on land monetization on Kolkata and that becoming net cash company? 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
We are hopeful it will happen -- we still remain hopeful of getting this to a meaningful closure 
at least the finish line before end of this fiscal. Might be little challenging as we speak. Because 
we have only 6 weeks to go. 
 
It's dependent on external factor, right? We are pursuing, as we explained earlier, we are 
pursuing with the government as well as we have a legal path, which is also open. I think the 
progress is satisfactory. Every government goes through their own dynamics in terms of 
changing people, then they take some more time to get up to speed. So, it's taken a little longer 
than what we thought 6 months 1 year ago. 
 
But I think the path is correct, the path is clear, and the path is clearly visible to both parties, 
both sides. The question of a couple of quarters before we reach that point. So, we remain 
hopeful of getting it done in this fiscal, but most likely next fiscal seems like a higher probability. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And what kind of cashflows potential, what could be the value of this? 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
No, this is the ongoing process that we're talking about is a settlement of our ongoing difference 
of opinion or dispute on the royalty front. Post which we'll have to figure out whether we want 
to pursue with earlier transaction documents that we have may or may not be relevant now. 
 
But we at least have now set a benchmark for ourself and monetization can happen any time. 
Locationally, we are well situated. Therefore, monetization can happen. Monetization proceeds 
may not necessarily go into repayment of loans since you mentioned about 0 debt. The 0 net 
debt is what we have been aspiring for, but it's a balancing between growth and being debt free. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 February 12, 2025 
Page 19 of 21 
 
 
If you are to acquire 17 million square feet or 15 million-17 million square feet over the next 3 
years, 2 years, difficult to have a 0 debt as well as such a high growth aspiration. But we'll have 
to balance it. But the land proceeds will be used for growth. If not -- if there is no growth, then 
we will obviously use it for repayment. 
 
The current debt is about INR400 crores of net debt. So, in a '19 project environment, it can go 
down only to a limited extent from our working capital, construction financing or working 
capital perspective. But we remain committed to this 0 debt process, whether  that is a priority 
or ensuring a very aggressive pipeline, which requires capital commitment, as you would 
appreciate, right? This as well. 15-17 million square feet pipeline would mean about INR2,000 
crores of land value commitment, even assuming INR1,000-1,200 per square feet FSI cost. 
 
So, if all of this has to be funded from equity then, Shriram is not capitalized to that extent. So, 
we'll have to use these proceeds or borrow, one of the two options we can do. But net debt is a 
focus for us, not the 0 debt per se. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Rishikesh from RoboCapital. 
Rishikesh: 
Okay. So, from the 1750 that you handed over in 9 months, how much is via JV? 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
So mostly if you could see the Slide 20, you will realize majority of them, right, 783 are in JV 
and DM. 
Rishikesh: 
Okay. And in Q4, we are handing -- we'll be handing over how many units? I think... 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
Targeting about 1,500 units, most -- all of them are our own projects, except -- one joint venture 
would be there. The rest is all ours. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Vidhi Shah from C.R. Kothari & Sons. 
Vidhi Shah: 
Sir, without the other income, we would be PAT negative. So, this INR6,000 crores of revenue 
or gross domestic value that we are expecting to realize, does it also include other income or is 
it exclusive of that? 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
No. I think other operating income will always be part of our income because that's the nature 
of operation, right? We buy -- sell square footages. If we have to sell wholesale to somebody, it 
will not be part of income from operation as per accounting standards. So, it will eventually be 
other operating revenues. 
 
So, when you look at -- I'm sure this is true for many resi players. At least for Shriram Properties 
will -- other income that needs to be excluded from profitability calculation is only the actual 
other income, which is interest and other gains, which is the INR 7 - INR 8 crores. other 
operating revenues cannot be excluded from our operations, but given the nature of operations. 
That's our limited perspective on this. 
Vidhi Shah: 
Okay. So that 8% to 10%... 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
We have consistently maintained this -- for many years, we have been saying the same thing. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 February 12, 2025 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Vidhi Shah: 
Got it. So, this 8% to 10% margin that we are guiding that also includes other income, right? 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
Other operating income, yes. Or we call it other operating revenues, that will be included. Only 
other income will be excluded. 
Vidhi Shah: 
All right. And how many handovers have we done since December '24 till now? 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
About 250. 
Vidhi Shah: 
All right. And are we confident of achieving the balance 1,250 target that we set for this coming 
quarter? 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
Yes, Ma'am. last year, we had a similar circumstance. Most of the OCs came around mid-
February, 1,300 was achieved last year Q4. So, we are only targeting a marginally higher number 
at 1,500 for this year's Q4. It's doable. 
Vidhi Shah: 
But we have only done 250 in 6 weeks. So that means that... 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
250, right. It's not a manufacturing firm or FMCG that it gets equally spread on every working 
day. It depends on the OC, right? The occupancy certificate when it is received. So, when we 
are stuck on 2 large projects, the number will be smaller for the remaining projects, right? 
Because in the last 9 months also, we have done all these projects which are nearing completion 
have completed. 
 
So therefore, only -- the large chunk of this will come from when these 2 projects, Pristine and 
Park 63 start their revenue -- once the OC, final document is received in our hand and the 
registration commences, that's when you'll see the big momentum coming in. 
 
If you look at Slide 20, it will give you the visibility of how many are in front of us. Like this 
Pristine estate alone is 377 units and Park 63 is about 570 units. Between them is about 800 
units. They can start only when the regulatory approval papers are received in hand. 
 
Right now, we've only seen the visibility. We've only seen the preliminary orders that's to be 
received by SRO, (the sub-registrar) by us to be able to take the customer to sub-registrar and 
register them. The remaining  1,000-odd units, Mystique, the Slide 20 gives you all the insight. 
They are Q4 scheduled completion. They're waiting. Some project, fire NOC is over, some 
projects fire NOC is happening as you speak. We have to wait for their OC, which will be a 
week or 2 before we receive them in hand. So only when those come in, we gain momentum. 
It's not equally spread. 
Vidhi Shah: 
And do you think there will be a spillage chance to Q1? 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
There will be a? 
Vidhi Shah: 
Will there be a spillage in quarter 1? 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Shriram Properties Limited 
 February 12, 2025 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
Yes, yes. Not all of them -- the numbers, if you see the Slide number 20, it tells you that some 
of these 2 remaining numbers, right, the handovers that are between the 2 tables is much more 
than the target that we are thinking. 
 
So therefore, they will spillover. The remaining will go to the next quarter. But what we are -- 
at this point of time, as you speak, we have a good level of comfort and confidence on reaching 
the 1,500 number. 
 
Maybe 100 units here and there can happen, but at least currently, we have a good comfort and 
confidence. Will all of these projects will be completely done? No. If you look at the Slide 20, 
it'll tell you 1,500 units to be registered between these projects in Q4. The Q4 have a total 
inventory of 2,500 units that are sold have to be registered. So out of which, you're only taking 
a part of the pool right now. Rest will be done in Q1 and Q2 next year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Gopalakrishnan J.: 
Thank you all. Thank you, SGA for organizing this and thank everyone for taking time out to 
hear out our Q3 story and outlook. I look forward to seeing you and talking to you in another 
call. In the interim, any information required, please reach out to us any time for a one-on-one 
conversation or any additional clarification. Thank you so much, and have a great evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Shriram Properties Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
