 
 
 
 
RL/SE/24-25/220 
 
February 6, 2025 
 
To  
The Department of Corporate Services - CRD 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal  Street 
Mumbai - 400 001                                            
Scrip Code: 500330 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051        
Symbol: RAYMOND 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.:   Intimation pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 –Conference Call Transcript 
 
Please find enclosed transcript of the conference call held on January 30, 2025, with respect to the 
financial results of Raymond Limited for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024. 
 
The transcript has also been uploaded on the Company’s website (www.raymond.in) 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Raymond Limited 
 
 
 
Rakesh Darji 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
Rakesh 
Muljibhai 
Darji
Digitally signed by 
Rakesh Muljibhai Darji 
Date: 2025.02.06 
14:59:29 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 8 
 
 
 
“Raymond Limited Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. S L POKHARNA - PRESIDENT, CORPORATE 
COMMERCIAL, RAYMOND LIMITED 
 
MR. AMIT AGARWAL - GROUP CFO, RAYMOND LIMITED 
 
MR. HARMOHAN SAHNI - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CEO, 
REALTY BUSINESS, RAYMOND LIMITED 
 
MR. GAUTAM MAINI - CEO, ENGINEERING BUSINESS, 
RAYMOND LIMITED 
 
MR. SUNNY DESA - HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
RAYMOND LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
 
MR. BIPLAB DEBBARMA – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING LIMITED 
 
 

 
Raymond Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 8 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Raymond Limited Q3 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on a touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference has been recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Biplab Debbarma from Antique Stock Broking. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, I would like to welcome all the participants in 
Q3 FY25 Conference Call of Raymond Limited. 
Today we have with us from Senior Management of Raymond, Mr. S L Pokharna, who is 
President (Corporate Commercial); Mr. Amit Agarwal – Group CFO; Mr. Harmohan Sahni – 
Executive Director & CEO (Realty business); Mr. Gautam Maini–CEO (Engineering business) 
and Mr. Sunny Desa – Head Investor Relations. 
Without taking further time, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Agarwal. Over to you, 
Amit sir. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you, Biplab. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our 3rd Quarter 
Fiscal ‘25 Results Conference Call. At the outset, I would like to wish you very Happy New 
Year to all of you and your families. I hope everyone got an opportunity to go through our 
financial results and investor presentation which have been uploaded on the stock exchanges as 
well as the company's website. 
Now before I start my discussion on the 3rd Quarter Fiscal ‘25 performance, I would like to 
provide a brief update on the same:’ 
As we enter on the 3rd Quarter of Fiscal ‘25, the Indian economy continues to demonstrate 
resilience and growth despite global economic uncertainty. India's GDP growth is projected to 
remain robust at around 6.5% for Fiscal ‘25, driven by strong consumption and investment. The 
government's focus on infrastructure development and manufacturing is expected to further 
bolster economic activity. Inflation is expected to moderate, aided by stable food prices and 
effective monetary policies by the Reserve Bank of India. 
Now before discussing our performance for the 3rd Quarter of Fiscal ’25: 
I would like to update you on the status of the demerger of our real estate business. I am pleased 
to announce that we have received the creditors as well as shareholders’ approval earlier this 
week and remain on track for listing this business as a separate entity in the next 6 to 7 months. 

 
Raymond Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 8 
The real estate market in Thane and Mumbai continues to exhibit robust growth driven by 
combination of infrastructural development, increased demand for residential and commercial 
spaces and favorable government policies. In the Thane market, supply has kept pace with 
demand, ensuring a balanced market. We continue to remain optimistic on both the markets of 
Thane as well as Mumbai and expect sustained growth supported by strong demand, strategic 
infrastructure development and favorable market conditions. Investors and home buyers can 
look forward to a dynamic and promising market landscape in the near future. 
In the engineering business, the auto ancillary segment witnessed growth in the domestic market. 
However, export markets were weak for our auto ancillary and engineering consumable segment 
due to slowdown in European auto market as well as the Red Sea crisis. Further, we expect our 
aerospace business to grow post resolution of the production issue faced by one of the largest 
aircraft manufacturers which get to delays in the orders.  
Raymond Limited delivered a steady quarterly performance in real estate as well as in the 
engineering business reporting a revenue of Rs. 985 crores in the 3rd Quarter of Fiscal ‘25, 
which reflects a growth of 36% on a year-on-year basis over Rs. 727 crores, delivering an 
EBITDA of Rs. 169 crores in the 3rd Quarter of Fiscal ‘25 with an EBITDA margin of 17.2%. 
Our EBITDA grew by 33% on a year-on-year basis. Overall, the company has reported the profit 
after tax from continuing operations of Rs. 72 crores making a 75% increase compared to Rs. 
41 crores in the previous year. Just wanted to bring to your attention that the above performance 
includes the acquisition of Maini Precision business completed in March 2024. 
Now let me talk about the segmental performance: 
With the real estate in the 3rd Quarter of Fiscal ‘25, the company achieved a booking value in 
the real estate business to the tune of Rs. 505 crore, primarily driven by the demand for the 
address by GS season 2.0, TenX ERA, sale of retail shops in Thane, as well as JDA project of 
The Address by GS in Bandra. The construction momentum across all of our projects, both in 
Thane as well as in Bandra, is progressing well, demonstrating our commitment to timely 
delivery and adherence to high quality standards. In all of our projects, we are ahead of 
construction timeline and a comprehensive update on the construction catered to our projects is 
provided in our investor deck.  
Raymond Reality also launched a new residential tower in its Address by season 2.0 Thane 
project, which received an overwhelming response. Further, we also witnessed continued 
traction in our Park Avenue High Street Reimagined retail project launched in the previous 
quarter. There is a first of its kind high street retail in Thane that will host premium aspirational 
projects. 
We at Raymond Reality offer affordable luxury apartments ranging from “1” BHK to 4 BHK 
that caters to multiple segments of society in a stated strategy to sell and construct fast, leading 
to quick completion of project and faster revenue generation, which has resulted in a revenue of 

 
Raymond Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 8 
Rs. 488 crores in 3rd Quarter of Fiscal ‘25 versus Rs. 439 crores in the 3rd Quarter of Fiscal ‘24, 
recording a growth of 11%. The segment reported an EBITDA of Rs. 116 crores in the 3rd 
Quarter of Fiscal ‘25 compared to Rs. 97 crore in 3rd Quarter of Fiscal ‘24, which is a year-on-
year growth of 19%. EBITDA margin stood at 23.8% in fiscal Q3 Fiscal ‘25, versus 22.1% in 
3rd Quarter of Fiscal ‘24. Raymond Reality continues to focus on delivering projects within 
committed timeline given our track record of delivering projects ahead of timeline, which was 
well appreciated by our customers and resulted in increased customer confidence. 
Total potential revenue from our current real estate business is approximately Rs. 32,000 crores 
plus, which includes Rs. 25,000 crores from Thane land parcel and Rs. 7,000 crores from the 
four JDAs which we have sent. We remain optimistic about the continued growth in the real 
estate market overall. Our pipeline of projects continues to remain robust with several 
developments scheduled for launch in the coming quarter. As most of you are aware, that 
Raymond completed the acquisition of Maini Precision Business on 29th of March 2024. 
Starting from 1st Quarter of Fiscal ‘25, the company has consolidated the performance of its 
engineering business to include the Maini Precision business. The segment scale stood at Rs. 
433 crores in the 3rd Quarter of Fiscal ‘25 as compared to Rs. 217 crore in the 3rd Quarter of 
last fiscal. This performance was driven by the demand from the domestic market for the Flex 
plate, which is an auto component. However, the engineering consumable and auto component 
categories continue to be impacted by weak demand in the export sector.During the quarter, the 
business reported an EBITDA margin of 12% in 3rd Quarter of Fiscal ‘25 versus 13.8% in 3rd 
Quarter of Fiscal ‘24, mainly due to changes in the product mix.  
In order to get more efficient and benefit from synergies, we are consolidating auto components 
and engineering consumables into a new subsidiary, while the aerospace business will be another 
subsidiary via a scheme of arrangement which is expected to be completed in the next three 
months.  
Now, let me talk about the debt and the cash position at Raymond Limited: 
We continue to remain a net debt free business with a net cash surplus of Rs. 696 crore and 
increase of net cash of almost Rs. 194 crore since March 2024. The total gross debt stand at Rs. 
886 crore which includes the debt taken for the acquisition of the Maini Precision business as 
well as the existing working capital facilities at Maini Precision business. Additionally, we 
maintain strong liquidity with cash and cash equivalent of Rs. 1582 crores as of 31st December 
2024. 
Now, let me give you an update on the demerger: 
The proposed real estate demerger is well on track as we have received the stock exchange 
approval and shareholders and creditors approval. Upon completion of the process, the new 
entity will seek automatic listing. According to the scheme of arrangement, each shareholder of 
Raymond Limited will receive one share of Raymond Reality Limited for every share held in 

 
Raymond Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 8 
Raymond Limited. This will position Raymond Reality to pursue its growth trajectory as an 
independent, pure play real estate business. We expect to complete the listing in the second 
quarter of Fiscal ‘26. 
In the engineering business, as mentioned earlier, two new subsidiaries of Raymond Limited 
will be created through a scheme of arrangement. One focused on aerospace defense and the 
other on auto components and engineering consumables, each charting its own path for growth 
and primary objective of value creation. Currently, we have filed the restructuring scheme with 
the NCLT. 
Now let me consider about the current status of the operations and the outlook for the business: 
In the real estate market, residential real estate market continues to demonstrate sustained 
demand. We are focused on future expansion through a joint development route and targeting 
20 to 25% growth in booking value year-on-year basis. Further, we are currently in discussions 
to finalize a few new JDAs as we continue to expand our operations. As far as engineering 
segment is concerned, the aerospace business is showing signs for growth, which got impacted 
by ongoing production issues faced by one of the largest aircraft manufacturers, leading to delays 
in dispatches. However, with the post-addressing concern, we have witnessed signs of recovery, 
additionally, recent softness in the auto component sector due to weaker market may impact the 
growth in the near term. 
Looking forward we remain optimistic about our growth prospects. Our diversified business 
portfolio, strong market position and strategic initiatives will continue to drive value for all of 
our stakeholders. And thank you once again for joining and we would be happy to take your 
question.  
Moderator: 
Yes sir. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Please ask for the question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask questions may press “*” and “1” on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from question queue, you may press “*” and “2”. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Garvit Goyal from Nvest 
Analytic Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Hi, am I audible? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, you are audible. 

 
Raymond Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 8 
Garvit Goyal: 
Good evening, sir. Congratulations for a good set of numbers. My first question is on engineering 
segment. Can you share the demand environment that you are witnessing in engineering 
segment, like the kind of order flows and which subsegment is contributing meaningfully to our 
growth in this segment and where are we facing the challenges? 
Gautam Maini: 
Yes, I can take that. Okay, so the first thing is that in the last two, three quarters, our efforts have 
been to look at all the businesses in a more integrated and combined manner and combined 
synergies that we have across the businesses. And in coming so, we also recently had an 
inauguration of some capacity expansions. We do see that the last two quarters were a little bit 
impacted. But I think the Q4 is definitely showing signs of recovery in terms of the market. It 
will take a little bit longer in some of the product ranges, but definitely the trend is going to get 
better. We will see better exports in Q4 as well in some of the markets. We have in particular 
seen that the hybrid market in the European region has grown while the ED markets have slightly 
been dampened. And we have a lot of products in the hybrid market and we're going to see that 
growth come this quarter as well. So overall, I would say we are in the right direction of growth 
in terms of that. In terms of our own tools and hardware business also, we are seeing a lot of 
traction. We are looking at introduction of several new products into this section as well. And 
therefore, we would see better numbers in Q4. 
Garvit Goyal: 
And like you didn't mention about the order flows, like I'm trying to understand in engineering 
segment, what are those key areas, like it can be aerospace or defense? What are the key areas 
from where we are seeing the biggest order flows that are going to give us the visibility for the 
upcoming quarter? 
Gautam Maini: 
The order flows are definitely, you see what happens, most of our contracts are long-term 
contracts between three and five years, sometimes 10 years. So the orders are available, two, 
three things happen. Depending on the market pull, you start to get more orders or less orders 
depending on the market pull. The main thing is to ensure that the new product development is 
at a high, which is what we are targeting at where the new products are developed quickly and 
those further ramp up and therefore you get new products, new markets and new ramp ups and 
that's where the major business comes from. Boeing strike is called off. So there are inventories 
which will be eaten away over the next two, three months and we are already seeing forecast 
numbers from April to be much higher. So we generally receive a 12-month forecast so we can 
see where the markets are. And in some of the areas, we are also getting an additional market 
share. So let's say our market share was 30% or 35% on some products. We're already seeing 
that they will take us to 60% or 65%. So in those cases, we will be able to increase just our 
current production significantly, especially in aerospace, which will also show us better 
numbers. Also, in the meantime, we are seeing a much healthier RSQ pipeline, which means 
that the conversion, once we convert those, we will also see healthy orders going forward. So all 
trends point towards a much better Q4, but also a much better next year. 

 
Raymond Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 8 
Garvit Goyal: 
Understood, sir. And secondly on the real estate segment, are people witnessing any kind of 
slowdown in terms of infrastructure CAPEX from the government side in the upcoming budget 
or do you still believe like government is continuing to increase the allocation towards this area? 
Harmohan Sahni:  
I think that question is best answered by the government itself, but whatever we have seen in 
terms of lead indications. As of now, we don't see any kind of slowdown in decision making for 
infrastructure projects. But rest is I think probably the government officers are best suited to 
answer this. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Understood, sir. Thank you very much sir, that's it from my side. All the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all the participants, you may press “*” and “1” to ask a question. 
Participant: 
Hello. 
Management: 
Yes, we can hear you. 
Participant: 
Good afternoon, everyone. So, related to real estate, I just have two questions. First question is 
regarding demand side, you know, I personally am very optimistic about real estate demand, but 
on ground you are hearing some mixed signals that so just wanted to understand how is the 
demand situation on ground and how is January, is there any demand being moderating, do you 
see any sign of demand moderating in Thane, Mumbai or any other market in MMR? That's my 
first question. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
To answer your question squarely, we have not seen any speed bumps in any of our projects so 
far. Well, you read the same media reports as we do. So media currently is giving mixed reports. 
Some people are saying that it's gung-ho and very bullish. Some people are saying it's slowing 
down. I don't know based on who you read, which paper you read, you form a view. But on 
ground, we have not seen any slowdown in any of our projects. We had given a guidance of 
about 20% booking value growth for the current year over the last year. And so far we are on 
target on that and continuing to be even in January also. So, I mean, that's our experience. 
Participant: 
So that's very good news. And sir, I believe that you have launched a new project, GS2 in Thane. 
How is the response so far in that project? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Yes, so we launched one more tower in our GS2, which is tower E, which we launched recently, 
less than a month ago. And 30% of that inventory is approximately already sold on launch itself. 
So the response has been good. 
Participant: 
And what was the ticket size of those, typical ticket size of that launch, that tower E? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Ticket size meaning per apartment you're saying? 

 
Raymond Limited 
January 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 8 
Participant: 
Yes, sir. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Approximately Rs. 3 crores, depending on which inventory, which floor, where you are at. But 
on an average, approximately thereabouts. 
Participant: 
Oh, that's a great news, sir. Thank you, sir, and all the best, sir. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all participants, you may press “*” and then “1” to ask questions. Next 
question is from the line of Ishita Lodha from Svan Investments. Please go ahead. 
Ishita Lodha: 
Hi sir, thank you for the opportunity. My question is with respect to the real estate business. So 
how is the approval process shaping up? Is it becoming more harder to get approvals to launch 
the towers or has it eased out in the last few months? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Actually there has been no change event for us to say that before or after because it's the same 
government which has continued so there is no significant change anywhere. So I mean I really 
don't know how to answer this as to what period should I take before or after. I mean we haven't 
faced any difficulty in any of the approvals so far. We in any case as a matter of philosophy do 
not go for any special dispensations from the government. Everything is as per policy when we 
take on a project. It's under the current policy itself. So we haven't seen any difficulties in that. 
Ishita Lodha: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all the participants, you may press “*” and “1” to ask questions. As 
there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit 
Agarwal, Group CFO, for closing remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you very much. Look forward talking to you in the next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
