The above is for your information and record, please.
pnb one
#JustOneRpp
.:i,
·.■••
•
■
....
Scrip Code : 532461
SSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai - 400 001
7.-
Azadi Ka
Amrit Mahotsav
~~
« f%i,
¥
dt a qr
* *
!I'll(
Board
0,
Division
90ee?'
Share Department, Board & Coordination Division, HO Plot No.4 Sector 10, Dwarka,
New Delhi-110075 Tel No. : 011-28044857, E-mail: hosd@pnb.co.in
Scrip Code : PNB
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
"Exchange Plaza"
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Sandra (E)
Mumbai - 400 051
Date: 04.02.2025
Dear Sir(s),
Reg.: Transcript of the Earnings
. Call with Analysts/Investors on
Financial
Results for the quarter/ nine-months ended 31°'December, 2024
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, please find
enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Call with the Analysts/
Investors on the
Reviewed Financial Results for the quarter/ nine-months ended 31st December, 2024
held on 31.01.2025. The same is also available at https_//yww_pnbindia_in/financials-
current.html
.
Thanking You
Yours sincerely,
(Ekta Pasricha)
Company Secretary
Encl.: As above
... the name you can BANK upon!
Jess»
pnbindia.in
T: 011 28075000, 28045000
ianrarare aa pun national bank
Jr qr!fa: aiie vi.4, taev--10, ara, { fee4--110075
Head Office: Plot No. 4, Sector - 10, Dwarka, New Delhi 110075
India
(D
(§)@4@pnbindia @www.pnbindia.in
punJab national bank
...the nameyou can BANK upon!
Ekta Pasricha
Digitally signed by Ekta Pasricha 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=5725, 
pseudonym=d1c4c4a18bfb41488b0b8d7528caf0ef, 
2.5.4.20=15f8a9a672e18199249a220e2003dab34869acc225469d6a
0ff1455013a43397, postalCode=110078, st=Delhi, 
serialNumber=bee4ae6e829eeee60e0b52e2ef065410ccb94ec6544
42f55daec24909ccaf6c9, cn=Ekta Pasricha 
Date: 2025.02.04 17:46:05 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Punjab National Bank Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHOK CHANDRA - MD & CEO, PUNJAB 
NATIONAL BANK 
MR. KALYAN KUMAR - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
PUNJAB NATIONAL BANK 
MR. M. PARAMASIVAM - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
PUNJAB NATIONAL BANK 
MR. BIBHU PRASAD MAHAPATRA - EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR, PUNJAB NATIONAL BANK 
MODERATOR: 
MS. PALAK SHAH – ELARA SECURITIES PRIVATE 
LIMITED 

 
Punjab National Bank 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Punjab National Bank Q3 FY25 earnings 
conference call hosted by Elara Securities Private Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Palak Shah from Elara Securities Private Limited. Thank 
you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Palak Shah: 
Yes, hello everyone, and welcome to the Q3 FY25 Earnings Call of Punjab National Bank. 
Today we have with us the entire team of PNB Management headed by Mr. Ashok Chandra – 
MD and CEO; Mr. Kalyan Kumar – Executive Director; Mr. Paramasivam – Executive Director; 
and Mr. Bibhu Prasad Mahapatra – Executive Director. 
With this brief introduction, I will hand over the call to the PNB Management, PNB Team, Mr. 
V. P. Bansal to read out the disclaimer, post which he will hand over the call to MD, sir, who 
will address the conference. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
V. B. Bansal: 
Thank you, Palak. The disclaimer statement is that this presentation contains certain forward-
looking statements apart from historical information. 
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that 
could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking 
statements. Punjab National Bank undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking 
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the present date. 
Thank you. Over to MD sir. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Good evening to all the participants. I am presenting the highlights of our Bank for this particular 
quarter and then we will open the session for question and answer and for clarification. 
Highlights of our performance: 
I will be giving it under three segments. One is the business parameter. Global gross business of 
the Bank stood at 26.40 trillion as on December ‘24 with the yearly growth rate of 15.20%. 
Within the composition of this, the gross business, the total global deposit stood at 15.30 trillion 
with a YoY growth rate of 15.6% and global advances stood at Rs. 11.10 trillion with a YoY 
growth rate of 14.8%. The CD ratio of the Bank is comfortable level at 72.58% as on December 
‘24 against 73.08% as December ‘23. The CASA share is 38.12% as on December ‘24. 
Coming to the profitability side: 

 
Punjab National Bank 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
Highlights are coming to the net interest income stood at Rs. 32,025 crore with a YoY growth 
of 7.8% for nine months ending 31st December ‘24. There is a sequential growth in net interest 
income for the last 12 quarters and our current quarter NII is Rs. 11,032 crore. Our domestic 
NIM is 3.12% for nine months of FY25 whereas global NIM stood at 2.97%. The operating 
profit for the nine months ended December ‘24 is Rs. 20,055 crores, which has improved from 
Rs. 18,515 crores in the same period last year, with a growth rate of 8.3%. Our quarterly 
operating profit is Rs. 6,621 crores, which has improved from Rs. 6,331 crores in the same period 
last year, with a growth rate of 4.6%. The net profit of the Bank for the nine-month period FY24-
25 is Rs. 12,063 crore, recording a growth rate of 130.5% YoY compared to the nine-month 
period of FY23-24 at Rs. 5,234 crore. For the December quarter, net profit stood at Rs. 4,508 
crore against Rs. 2,223 crore Q3 FY23-24, with a YoY growth rate of 102.8%. 
If I compare the ratios, ratios on return on assets that stood at 1.03% for Q3 FY25 and 0.96% 
for nine month FY25 in line with the guidance of our FY25. Return on equity is 19.22% for Q3 
FY25 and 18.87% for nine month Financial Year ‘24-25. 
Highlights of Asset Quality: 
As far as the asset quality is concerned, GNPA has reduced from 6.24% in December ‘23 to 
4.09% in December ‘24. Similarly, the net NPA ratio, which was 0.96% in December ‘23, has 
improved to 0.41% in December ‘24. The PCR (incl. TWO) of 94.28% in December ‘23 has 
improved to 96.77% in December ‘24, which is well above our guidance of more than 95% for 
FY25. The total fresh slippages during nine months is Rs. 4,557 crore and Rs. 1,774 crore in this 
particular quarter as against Rs. 1,793 crore in Q3 of FY‘24 and Rs. 2,181 crore in Q2 of FY‘25. 
Total recovery stood at Rs. 3412 crores for Q3 FY25 and Rs. 10,400 crore for 9M FY25. Bank 
initiated a lot of digital tools; our mobile app and WhatsApp banking is very active. The Bank 
is focusing on building digital capabilities by using new technology. The share of digital 
transaction has increased to 91% for Q3 FY25 against the 88% in Q3 FY24. 
Highlights of capital if I talk about capital adequacy is 15.41% as on 31st December ‘24 
compared to 14.63% as on 31st December ‘23. During Q3 of FY2024-25, Bank raised Tier-2 
bonds of Rs. 3,000 crore and CET-1, AT-1 and Tier-2 stands at 10.65%, 1.88% and 2.88% 
respectively. That is the growth that has happened in this particular quarter. 
Thank you very much and now I open the forum for the question answer and any clarification 
which anybody would like to have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask questions may press “*” and “1” on the touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from question queue, you may press “*” and “2”. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking your question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while 
the question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from 
Nuvama. Please go ahead. 

 
Punjab National Bank 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Hello, congratulations. I had a couple of questions. Firstly, congratulations on your appointment, 
sir. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Thank you very much. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
So, basically my question was that obviously you've not spent much time with PNB, but, over 
the last three, four quarters, there was a stable growth path of PNB. They were kind of acquiring 
market share in loans and deposits, keeping margins more or less stable, reversing provisions. 
So, that has been the strategy over the last four quarters. Now under you, do you see that change? 
Because that is, whenever there is a change in CEO, that is the biggest investor concern, right? 
That the CEO may have his own strategy, may have his own thought process, which will always 
be good for the medium to long term. But how do we view it? Or how do we assess the short-
term financial impact of any change in thought process? So, that's my first question. And then I 
have a few questions on numbers. So, the question I have on numbers is that your NIM has held 
much more steady compared to other state-owned banks. So, what could be the outlook for Q4? 
Because your deposit growth is strong, your loan growth is also strong, and that helps. But your 
margin performance has been better than other PSUs. So, what is the outlook here? And then 
what will be a steady state of credit cost? Because this quarter, there were reversals. And last 
quarter also, credit costs were very low. So, what would be a steady state credit cost in FY26? 
So, these were my questions? 
Ashok Chandra: 
First, thank you very much, madam. In fact, we used to interact frequently there. See, the first 
you talked about the strategy. See, PNB has a strong legacy of 129 years. And generally, the 
Bank like this, we go by the system in place which is already there in built now. It doesn't change 
with the MD and CEOs, the position changes. So, whatever the growth path is there and the 
profitability angles are there, I think definitely we are going to continue the same momentum. 
Yes, some of the cost of deposit and yield on advances, some adjustments and some tweaking 
we would like to do in the interest of the profitability. And there is enough potential which I see 
that even if some tweaking happens in the cost of deposit and yield on advances, we have enough 
kitty in the book which will take care of my growth also and the profitability part also. We have 
more than 1,30,000 corporate book sanctions in place and I think if any some adjustments which 
we need to do in the yield on advances, low yield advances, assess, I think we have enough 
cushion to do that and we will maintain the growth which is there in the PNB for the last three 
years. I think that growth momentum will be there and I can assure you that the profitability 
which is there in the system, I think definitely that is going to continue. This is the core strength 
of the balance sheet of our Bank and the profitability part, definitely it is a very, very core 
strength is there now. And that is the reason Bank is able to maintain the NIM in the range of 
2.9% to 3%. The reason being is that the provision coverage ratio is already ~ 97%. So, almost 
the entire book is already provided. So, today, whatever recovery that happens, either by way of 
write back of provision in the GNPA recovery and in the TWA, whatever we are covering it, it 
is directly adding to my operating profit. And despite around Rs. 700 crore dip in the recovery 
in the TWA compared to the previous quarter, we are able to maintain the NIM at this level now. 
And if you see our recovery, which used to happen every quarter, in the TWA itself is more than 
Rs. 1,400, Rs. 1,500 crore. Even if that has not happened, but we are able to maintain that NIM 

 
Punjab National Bank 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
and the NII and all those key ratios. So, I think that is one strength which is there in our Bank is 
we have Rs. 91,000 crore of technical written off accounts. So, there is enough cushion for us to 
recover it and maximize our operating profit, thereby maximizing the net profit of the Bank. So, 
that is going to continue. And I am very sure that in the coming quarters and the years also, the 
profitability part, all of you should rest assured that it is going to happen now. Your related 
question is the credit cost, which I am already covered now. Since already provision coverage 
ratio is 97% and I am seeing for the last three quarters, our recovery is higher than the slippages. 
And when I am talking about recovery, the recovery in the gross NPA, not in the TWA recovery, 
recovery in the gross NPA and the upgradation which is happening in the gross NPA, that itself 
is higher than the slippages to the tune of around Rs. 100 to Rs. 200 crore. So, in a true sense, 
there is a good write back of provisions are happening and that is one of the reasons that my 
credit cost is very-very low and this trend is going to continue in the coming quarters also. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Got it sir. Thank you so much. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashok Ajmera from Ajcon Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Congratulations, Ashok Chandra sir, for coming and heading the 
largest, I mean, the next State Bank of India, Public Sector Bank, with over, I think, Rs. 26 lakh 
crore business. And with you being there, yes, we are, again, reassured that PNB will have almost 
come back and will come back further and will reach to its previous glories. You are a class 
master. And on that note, I wish you all the best here in this Bank. Having said this, sir, again, 
my question on the Mahrukh’s a little more extended this thing that in PNB, even in this quarter 
also, both your business growth, I mean, credit and deposit growth has been phenomenal. I mean, 
so far, whatever results are declared of the other Bank. Hello, am I loud? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes, very clear. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
So, on the credit front also, it is 4.56 in this quarter and on the deposit front also 4.75. And 
overall also, if you look at the nine months also, it is over 12%, almost 13%. So, sir going 
forward, are we going to maintain the same tempo for the overall business growth, especially 
the credit growth with you being there, and what kind of target we can look at. That is my first 
question. And the second one on this other income has come down from Rs. 4,572 crore to Rs. 
3,412 crores, other income in this quarter. I couldn't go much in detail because I was traveling 
and I just landed in Mumbai. So, on that, is it anything one time or it is going to be maintained 
the same tempo of having a larger income? Because from the written off account, recovery this 
time is only Rs. 823 crores as compared to the last quarter of Rs. 1,404 crores. Maybe this may 
be the main reason. And sir, on the third question. You already covered that digital footprint and 
PNB also going very aggressive on digitization. So, what is the exact status today and how many 
journeys have been completed and what kind of plan we have for making this Bank fully 
digitized not only in the retail but in all kind of businesses? 

 
Punjab National Bank 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Ashok Chandra: 
Thank you, Ajmera ji. And first I will touch the credit growth part. Yes, this quarter and this 
entire year, there has been good growth and the deposit has grown by 15.60% and advances 
14.8% growth is there in YoY. And QoQ also, what you have told is that is the fact. I am 
expecting that the credit growth will continue to move in the range of 13% to 14%. I think that 
will continue to have that because we have already 1.3 trillion corporate book sanctions are in 
place. And I am expecting that in this quarter and the subsequent quarter, all these books are 
going to be availed by the corporates. So, there is going to be good growth in the corporate 
segment. At the same time, we are going to have very focused attention and activity for the RAM 
sector now. Because that is one area I have seen that the MSME segment if I talk about, we have 
grown in the single digit and we are going to put a lot of focus on the RAM activity and you will 
see that in this particular quarter, there will be a good growth in the MSME segment particular 
and the overall retail also will grow substantially. So, I am expecting that my credit growth will 
flow in the range of 13% to 14% in this particular year as a whole. Second part is the other 
income. See, other income there are two components which has brought down the operating 
profit. First part is the technical write-off, you have touched this point compared to the last 
quarter and subsequent previous quarters also. We used to have around 1,400 to 1,700 crore 
recovery in the technical write-off accounts. But this quarter, it is a very muted recovery that has 
happened in the TWO. And the TWO recovery is Rs. 823 crore against Rs. 2059 crore in 
subsequent, means last year, FY’23-24 and 1,404 crore in Q2FY25. So, that is one of the reasons 
why our operating profit has come down and other income also it is appearing less. Second 
reason is the MTM provision. I think this quarter it has affected in the negative, whereas in the 
last quarter, we were Rs. 700 plus crore positive. So, that has also put a dent on our other income. 
And I am expecting that some situation change should happen in this particular quarter, even if 
we are not going to be positive, at least some changes should happen in this portfolio in this 
particular quarter. But retain of account recovery, definitely that is going to happen in a very, 
very big way in this particular quarter because we have Rs. 91,000 crore of the technical write-
off book now. And there are a lot of the accounts where resolutions have happened. We were 
expecting the recovery to come in this quarter. I think those accounts are getting matured, and 
definitely in the upcoming quarter, we should have a TWO recovery of around minimum 1,500 
to 1,600. And already I have seen that targeted accounts are there and it is going to happen now. 
Your third part is the digital footprint. See both side, one is the liability side and the asset side. 
Bank is in a very active status now. We have more than 2 crore logins and the activation is there 
of our PNB ONE mobile app. It is a big number, and I am seeing that the transactions which are 
happening, that is also almost doubled or tripled in the last one year if I talk about. The average 
daily active users on that mobile app is 13 lakh. It used to be 9.5 lakh. And if I talk about the 
average daily UPI transactions, last year during the same period it was 37,000. This year it is Rs. 
1,23,000. That is the transaction that is happening now. So, I think if we see the transactions 
which is happening that reflects that digital footprint of our Bank has become very strong. So, 
this is about the liability side and if I talk about the lending side, asset side, a Bank has already 
created the lot of journeys up to 25 lakh. We are one of the few banks who have started cash 
flow based digital journey for MSME now. Even if the MSME, those who are not having any 
balance sheet or any documents based on their transactions happening in that account, their credit 
score model, the system is inbuilt and it is totally end to end up to 25 lakh. And it is both for the 
existing customer as well as the new to Bank customers. This is one journey which we have 

 
Punjab National Bank 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
started just last month. Besides that, all our digital footprints in the MSME segment, this one is 
the 25-lakh segment, then MSME SVANidhi scheme, MSME Vishwakarma scheme, I think 
already all those things are under the digital footprint. We also have the PAPL, the personal loan. 
That is also against the digital, by reading the account statement and other footprint which the 
customer had. We are also doing that. I think we have also initiated the process of renewal of 
our MSME book. I think that journey has also started and all of us know that up to 25 lakhs, 
highest number of accounts under that particular segment, not only in our Bank, in the banking 
sector as a whole. So, that renewal part up to I think 10 or 25 lakhs, that already 25 lakhs. Up to 
25 lakh renewal through the digital footprint already we have started. And besides that, we have 
also strengthened our data analytics center. We have created a lead management system and lead 
management portal is there. So, any customer who is banking with us, we are analyzing their 
transactions in the account, and we are giving the lead to our branches to follow up for the further 
loan requirement of that particular customer. So, I think a lot of initiative Bank has done and 
going forward, I think Bank is poised for digital transformation. So, that is all I can talk about 
the digital things that are happening in the Bank. Thank you. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Point well taken, sir. Just last question in this round. Sir, we have this thing at this time, it is in 
the provision, we have negative Rs. 285 crore as compared to Rs. 288 crore in the last quarter. 
Whereas in NPA, we have Rs. 318 crore provision. So, in all the effect of about Rs. 602 crore. 
So, going forward, how do we see the provisioning on account of overall provision, including 
NPA? And do you have some additional buffer left to be a zero provision Bank, which will add 
up to our bottomline further? And we will be a Bank of about Rs. 22,000 crore profit in this 
whole financial year. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Thank you very much for such an ambitious figure which you are giving now. But yes, I can 
assure you that as far as the provisioning of the Bank is concerned, Bank is adequately provided. 
We have 97% of provisions are there. And if I talk about the tangible provisioning, that is, if I 
exclude that TWA provisioning, still we have more than 90% of provision in the GNPA also. 
So, that gives the cushion for the Bank to reduce the credit cost. And the write back of provisions 
are going to happen in the subsequent quarters also. It is not that one particular quarter this 
phenomenon has happened. I think definitely the write back of provisions will be there, negative 
trend will continue further now. Now this additional provision which we have made, which you 
are talking about is Rs. 318 crore. This is for reducing the net NPA which we have made the 
provision. And that is one of the reasons our net NPA has subsequently has come down 
compared to the last quarter. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Yes sir. Will the moderator permit me for one more question? 
Moderator: 
Yes sir, you can go ahead. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
So, that is, I want to ask to give some color on the treasury operations. Our segment wise result 
if you look, the treasury profit has come down from Rs. 3339 crore to Rs. 2780 crore. That is for 
the segment wise. But overall, since the treasury is very active, and must be making a lot of good 
deals and good profit. So, in this coming quarter also, whether treasury performance and with 

 
Punjab National Bank 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
the little sign of rates coming down, how do we stand on the treasury front and how much more 
the treasury can add to our bottomline in the coming quarter so as to make FY25 as Rs. 22,000 
crore profit by itself pre-tax? 
Ashok Chandra: 
I think if I can talk about this particular quarter and because we will have to wait for the MPC 
to be announced and how it pans out. But two, three decisions which the RBI has taken last 
week, I think that is going to add to the profitability part of the treasury. One is that open market 
operation, that Rs. 60,000 crore which has been announced, I think definitely that is going to 
add to the kitty of the treasury. I think I am expecting some rough calculation is there around 
Rs. 150 crore plus should happen on account of this transaction. And liquidity front also, yes, 
liquidity front also. So, that will also ease my cost of deposit. So, I think we need to wait for the 
further announcement. One is the budget and the second is the MPC, how it happens. And I am 
expecting that the performance, which is there in December quarter, there will be some 
improvement in the treasury performance in this particular quarter. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Thanks a lot, sir, and all the best to you. Yes, definitely we will see PNB growing more faster 
and healthier in the coming quarters. Thank you. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Thank you. Thank you, Ajmeraji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jay Mundra from I-Sec. Please go ahead. 
Jay Mundra: 
Hi, good evening, sir, and congratulations on good numbers and also on your appointment as 
MD & CEO of the Bank. Sir, I have a few questions. First is that I just wanted to check the other 
interest income this time around, which is Rs. 500 odd crores. Does this include any IT refund 
or any one-off receipts? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes, there is one IT refund component is there. I think Rs. 350 crore, one component is there in 
this. 
Jay Mundra: 
Okay, sure. And the second thing is, sir, if you can also talk about the total SMA of the Bank, 
including below 5 crores ticket size? 
Ashok Chandra: 
See if I talk about the SMA-1 and SMA-2, I think 5 crore already it is disclosed, it is already 
there with all of you. And if I talk about the SMA-0, 1, 2 for the entire segment, it is in the range 
of around 7%. 
Jay Mundra: 
So, total 0 plus 1 plus 2 is 7% of the overall loans, right? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes. 
Jay Mundra: 
And would you have the bifurcation also, sir? 0 is how much, 1 is how much, and 2 is how 
much? 

 
Punjab National Bank 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Ashok Chandra: 
The highest of that is under the SMA-0 segment. SMA-1 and 2, it is in the range of around 4%. 
So, I think SMA-0 is the highest. And if I can give you the number, Rs. 49,522 crore is SMA-0. 
And SMA-1 is Rs. 15,000 crore. And SMA 2 is 13,000 crore. And this SMA-0 also, there are 
most of these accounts under the retail segment. And because of the repayment period which is 
creating the system and the actual repayment that happens, there is a delay of around 1 week, 10 
days’ time. And that is one of the reasons SMA-0 book is a little high. So, we are putting some 
system in place so that this book also gets reduced. But SMA-1 and 2 itself only if I take and in 
fact that is one of the concerns for any Bank that is well within our tolerance limit now. 
Jay Mundra: 
Okay, sure. Sir, within this, with this set of SMA numbers, at maybe at 7% and maybe 4% of 1 
plus 2, are you confident on sustaining this current Rs. 1700, Rs. 1800 crores kind of gross 
slippages? Or you think there is a chance that it may go up? 
Ashok Chandra: 
No, I am very much confident because this is not one of the performance of this quarter. If you 
can track for the last 1.5 years, quarter-to-quarter, reasonable slippages have happened and all 
are in the almost in the same range. So, 1,600-1,800 like that only the slippages are happening 
and we are very confident that we will be able to retain this slippage in the same range. 
Jay Mundra: 
Right. Sure. And sir, we had also created floating provisions in this quarter, right, some Rs. 250 
odd crores. What is the policy? I mean, how do you, is this ad hoc provisions or there is some 
formula-driven policy in creating these provisions? 
Ashok Chandra: 
There is a proper guidelines there, and RBI also permits to have this floating provision. And we 
have the board approved policy also. And under that provision set up only, this provision has 
been made. So, this is a floating provision. And as and when it is required to be made for any 
particular account, we will use that provision for that particular purpose. 
Jay Mundra: 
And we do not make any provisions on SMA-1 or SMA-2, right? That is not the policy as such. 
Ashok Chandra: 
We don't provide for SMA book, but if it is any restructuring, if we are doing it, then definitely 
we are supposed to make some provision. And any account, I think all of you know that 7th June 
circular, if any accounts are there, and any restructuring under that 7th June circular, if it is there, 
then we are also supposed to make provision under that particular account. 
Jay Mundra: 
Right. Sir, coming back to net interest income, so if I strip this Rs. 350 odd crores of interest on 
IT refund, then the margins decline by 8, 9 basis point, right, on QoQ basis. And in fourth quarter, 
as you step up on corporate loans, the margins may again sort of soften, right. So, how should 
one look at the NIM trajectory? Because this quarter, of course, it has been aided by one-off of 
this interest on IT refund. And as you go along growing corporate book also, how should one 
think of NIM? 
Ashok Chandra: 
I will give you two parts in this. One is we are repricing our corporate book. That is one strategy 
we have already initiated. And there are, I think, around Rs. 10,000 crore which renewals or 
repricing it came and we have gone for some modification in the pricing and it has already 

 
Punjab National Bank 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
happened. So, that is one strategy we are going to put in place in this particular quarter so that 
our yield on advances in this particular quarter should improve from the existing level. That is 
one strategy which we are doing it. Second is we are expecting that treasury income in the 
interest income also, some improvement will happen in this particular quarter. And as far as this 
one-off provision of this income tax, see it is also happens on a regular basis also. It is not that 
one time it has happened. We will have to see that in this quarter also, maybe we would like to 
get some part of this income tax refund also and that will be a part of this setup. All put together, 
whatever contribution that has come through this particular setup, I think that will make good 
the loss which you are suggesting that it will not happen and if that doesn't come how it will 
happen. I think these things will take care of that part. 
Jay Mundra: 
Right. And sir, any ballpark number that you will envisage for FY26 on ROA front, would you 
like to sustain this 1% trajectory that we have achieved in the last two quarters? Or, you know, 
because as we go along in FY26, there is a rate cut, which will depress margins for all banks, 
including PNB. How should one think of the ROA for FY26? 
Ashok Chandra: 
As of now, the guidance which we have given for this financial year, that is 2.9% to 3%, that we 
are definitely we are going to achieve and we will cross that. Let us wait for the important events 
which are already there in the system, budget announcement plus the MPC, how it happens. And 
further we need to have a strategy meet and board strategy discussion and what will be our plan 
of growth for deposits, advances, and all those different parameters. And then only we can, I 
think we can disclose that what is the growth and what is the NIM which we are envisaging in 
25-26. 
Jay Mundra: 
Fair point, sir. If I can just ask one data point, sir, what is the NPA recovery that goes to NII line 
item for this quarter? I mean, the NPA recovery that goes to interest income, not in the other 
income, but interest income, how much is that amount in this quarter? 
Ashok Chandra: 
That is around Rs. 645 crores, both from the GNPA recovery side also, interest component it has 
gone, and from the TWO recovery side also, some part has gone to the interest income. And that 
is also every quarter, I think 500 to 600 we are able to recover that. 
Jay Mundra: 
So, Rs. 645 crore in this quarter. And maybe if you have the number for last quarter, sir, that 
will be very, very helpful to just get a sense? 
Ashok Chandra: 
I will tell you. 606, sir. 
Jay Mundra: 
Okay, so it's not too much change, right? 
Ashok Chandra: 
It will not change, sir, because whatever recovery we are doing, some part of that recovery goes 
to the interest income side and then it gets reduced to the book balance. 
Jay Mundra: 
Sure, thank you so much, sir, and all the very best. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Thank you. 

 
Punjab National Bank 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rakesh Kumar from B&K Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Yes, hi, sir. Could you hear me, sir? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes, please. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Congratulations, sir, on the new assignment. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Thank you. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
So, a couple of questions, sir. Firstly, like, even with quite good deposit growth that we had this 
quarter of around 4.9%, TD cost has not gone up on a sequential basis. So, in case of other banks, 
especially in the PSU banks also and the private Bank also, we saw that even banks not having 
much deposit growth, they had witnessed deposit cost rise. So, what is happening differently in 
our case because that protected our margin this quarter? 
Ashok Chandra: 
See, one is we are able to mobilize a sizable amount under the retail term deposit. And we have 
one special scheme of 7.25% for more than one year. And we are able to mobilize a good number 
of amount under that particular bucket. And you also know that we are one of the largest Bank 
under this CASA segment, Rs. 5,62,156 crores is our portfolio under CASA. And it is next to 
State Bank of India that is the highest CASA which we have now. And there has been growth 
also in the CASA despite having such a large base. There is a growth of around 2.7% that has 
happened in the CASA segment. So, all those put together, we are not seeing much strain on our 
NIM. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Got it. And secondly sir, like looking at your bifurcation that we have given in EBLR, MCLR, 
T-bill and all. So, T-bill composition if I see, it has gone up from 8.4% to 11% and if I look at 
the like domestic industrial loan growth that is around approximately 3.5% sequential. Against 
that growth if I see or maybe against that composition change of the credit if I see the 
composition change of the lending rate benchmark, especially on the T-bill which you might 
have used for corporate lending has gone up sharply. And for MCLR it has come down. So, have 
we changed our benchmark for corporate lending and like there is pressure coming from 
corporate borrowers in terms of pricing? So, if you can clarify, sir. 
Ashok Chandra: 
There is no pressure from the corporate side. It is a conscious decision of the Bank when we had 
the liquidity. And with a thin margin also, we are able to rotate our fund and make good of that 
particular fund. And that is the reason if you see the TBLLR, the growth, substantially it has 
gone up. So, for the 31 days, 45 days, 90 days period also, through our short-term loans, WCDL, 
we are making good money out of that. So, one is that we are getting the funds, shorter fund 
also, and we are able to deploy those funds in that particular segment, and we are able to make 
good money out of that. So, this is the conscious decision Bank has taken. It is not because of 
the strain in the system. 

 
Punjab National Bank 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Rakesh Kumar: 
But it looks very contrary, sir, like our reported margin is looking flat, but we have gone on the 
T-bill pricing. So, where else have we made surplus margin to make up for the loss when we are 
doing corporate lending on the T-bill? 
Ashok Chandra: 
No, it is not like that because we are also doing some repricing of the corporate book which we 
had given below 7%, there was some which we had given 0.7%, 0.25% also. So, some price 
adjustments we are doing there also and wherever there are opportunity to make the good of the 
surplus which we are having or the overnight borrowing which we are doing it. We are also 
using that fund on a regular basis for the WCDL and all for making the, even if some small 
spread is there, we are able to make some good money out of it. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
And sir lastly, on the AS 15, we had Rs. 2,060 crore provision in the Q2. This quarter, we have 
Rs. 1,400 crore. So, during the nine months for this fiscal year, have we changed our discount 
rate for either gratuity or pension because last quarter, we made quite high provision on the ad 
hoc basis. So, if you can help us, where are we on that? 
Ashok Chandra: 
See, generally, AS 15, the provision happens and we decide in the beginning of the financial 
year. March, the actuarial calculation happens and based on that calculation, we make the 
provision in the very first quarter and subsequently, subsequent quarters also, we go by that. But 
when we saw that there is a dip in the yield which is happening and based on that, I think, 7.78. 
So, there was some 30 paisa dip was there in the yield. So, because of that, we recalculated our 
actuarial provision. And then we found that there is excess provision has to be done in the 
September quarter. And that is the reason we have gone for some higher provision in the 
September quarter. And that point of time, we calculated that the entire year, I think it was 5,600 
was the total provision that was required for the entire year based on the calculation in the month 
of September. And accordingly, we have worked the calculation and we have done the 
calculation for this quarter for to the extent of Rs. 1,400 crore. If the same situation remains as 
it is, and we are expecting almost the yield will remain the same, then in the March quarter also, 
we will require to have the provision of only Rs. 1,400 crore. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
So, it means, sir, at the current yield of around 6.7% in your G-Sec yield, and we had a discount 
rate of 7.2% on March ‘24. So, we would not be required to make any further change in the 
discount rate like what you are assuming right now? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Absolutely. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
And what is that discount rate numbers are now that we have? 
Ashok Chandra: 
6.75 we have done in this particular quarter. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
For gratuity and pension both? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes, both. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Thank you so much, sir. Thank you so much and all the best. 

 
Punjab National Bank 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditi Nawal, an individual investor, please go 
ahead. 
Aditi Nawal: 
Hello. Am I audible? Hi, thanks for the opportunity, and congratulations on your appointment, 
and congrats on the quarter result. I just had one question. So, it is regarding your recovery that 
you've been guiding to the tune of around Rs. 18,000 crores. Now until Q3, we have done around 
Rs. 11,500 odd crores of recovery. So, now, as I run some calculations and also with the guidance 
that you've provided that in Q4, we'd be expecting TWO recoveries to the tune of Rs. 1,500 to 
Rs. 1,600 crores. I still am able to calculate some shortfall of around Rs. 2,000 to Rs. 2,500 
crores in the recovery amount. So, could you just help me with whether we will be able to meet 
the target of Rs. 18,000 crores, or there will be some softening on that? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes, we are aiming for Rs. 18,000 crore, but with a conservative estimate, I can tell you that in 
this particular quarter, we should be in a position to mop up the recovery to the extent of around 
Rs. 5,000 to Rs. 6,000 crores. Because there were some recoveries which we are expecting in 
the last quarter to come. There were some bigger accounts where there which didn't materialize. 
Generally, in the corporate recovery, it happens like this. But all those recoveries are, we are 
expecting that I think in this quarter and some bigger recoveries are going to come in this 
February month itself now. 
Aditi Nawal: 
So, I think Rs. 5,000 odd crores of recoveries in TWO as well as write back of provisions? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Both which is going to happen. 
Aditi Nawal: 
That will be it from me. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Mutha from AGFR Financial Research. 
Please go ahead. 
Sarvesh Mutha: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I had a question on the tax rate. We have a tax rate 
currently of around 34.5%. Now going into FY26, do we plan to migrate to the 25% tax rate 
anytime next year? 
Ashok Chandra: 
We are estimating and we are planning now to decide in the 25, 26 at any quarter, depending 
upon our position. I think definitely we would like to move to the new regime. 
Sarvesh Mutha: 
Okay, and sir, on margins, you had said that you will be maintaining the 2.9% to 3% margin. 
Now, if we look at FY26, now there could be a couple of rate cuts during that year. Do we think 
that this 2.9% to 3% could be held even for FY26 as well? 
Ashok Chandra: 
We will have to see that what sort of the announcement comes from RBI side and how the budget 
announcement comes, what are the provisions that come. And then we will take a call that what 
is the business model which we are going to adopt. And see, whenever the repricing happens, 
the repricing will happen on the deposit side also. I think we will take care of the margin part, 

 
Punjab National Bank 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
even if the rate fall happens. I think we will declare and we will announce that what is our 
guidance for 25-26 by end of this financial year. 
Sarvesh Mutha: 
Thank you. Thanks for the opportunity. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krish Shah, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Krish Shah: 
Hi sir, I have two questions to ask. So, first is, are we looking to do anything to improve our 
CASA growth because as I observed, banks are in some sort of an interest rate war going on. 
And second would be on operating expense cost. Are you going to follow this circuit and how 
much are we investing in digital? That's it. 
Ashok Chandra: 
The first is the CASA growth. See, our assumption is that in CASA, interest rate doesn't make 
much difference. And the interest rate which we are offering already, it will continue. And there 
will not be any interest rate changes that are going to happen in the CASA front now. And as far 
as the growth is concerned, we are mindful of that, that today if we want to initiate and grow in 
the CASA front, a lot of initiatives are required. One is that how much additional facilities which 
we are offering in the particular CASA product, whether we have the segment-based CASA 
products, all those things we are going to review in our Bank also. And we will have the best 
probable facilities which are being given by the different banks. Definitely, we are going to adopt 
in our CASA products also. So, we will be very, very competitive as far as the CASA is 
concerned. And being the major presence in the North and North Eastern states, we have the 
locational advantage also as far as the CASA growth is there. So, I think that piece we are not 
going to miss. And we will be one of the market leaders in the CASA growth front now. And 
operating cost-wise, see, one cost is almost it remains fixed and flat. That is the employees 
related cost. There may not be any changes which we are envisaging in this coming quarter also 
and going forward also. What we are going to put emphasis on that, how much improvement we 
can do it in the non-interest income part. There are a lot of avenues are there and which we are 
discussing at Bank level. One is that the cash management services, we would like to explore 
that how much income we can generate through that activity. Supply chain, vendor management, 
that is wonderful opportunities that is there in the system and the Bank has just initiated that 
process for the supply chain and vendor financing. So, I am seeing that wonderful opportunity 
for this two segment which will increase our non-interest income and thereby the operating 
income and operating profit, I think that we will be able to sustain, and we will be able to grow. 
Krish Shah: 
Thank you so much sir. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Farz Patel, an individual investor, please go 
ahead. 
Farz Patel: 
Hi, sir. Sir, my first question is around the provisions you hold for the SMA, the standard, and 
the restructured book put together. So, the non-NPA part, how much provisioning are you 
holding in total for that? And the second question is, sir, around this year, we are seeing Rs. 

 
Punjab National Bank 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
18,000 crores in terms of NPA recovery. But if you just look at the TWO recovery, you said you 
have Rs. 91,000 crores of TWO book. So, next year do you think that the TWO recovery will be 
more than FY25, less than FY25. Do you have any number in mind? 
Ashok Chandra: 
See, one is first your provision part. See, in the standard account provisioning, there are only 
two ways which we do. One is the normal RBI mandate is there for making the provision, I think 
0.40% which we are supposed to do that, we do that. And wherever the restructuring that has 
happened in the standard account, see one is the OTR 1 book, OTR 2 book, and the normal 7th 
June circular any restructuring has happened. In those accounts only we are supposed to maintain 
the provisioning norms and provisions. So, other than the guidelines, we are not supposed to 
maintain any provision for the standard book. But we have around Rs. 750 crore of floating 
provision, which we are holding it, and whenever it is required to be used for any purpose, we 
are going to use that provision. So, we are a well-capitalized and well provisioned held Bank 
now. So, there is no challenge as far as that part is concerned. Your second question was the 
TWO recovery. See the book is so high that I am expecting that not only this quarter, going 
forward also Bank is going to have a good recovery under the TWO because 91,000 is a big 
book and we have Rs. 54,000 crore of NCLT book and all these NCLT book which we are 
holding it, it is under the TWO now. So, this 54,000 out of 91,000, definitely it is going to be 
realized in the next year or the subsequent years also. So, that is the opportunity which is there 
in the system for the Bank to get back that recovery. So, I am very hopeful that the TWO recovery 
will continue to bring the good income for the Bank. 
Farz Patel: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parag Thakkar from Fort Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Parag Thakkar: 
Congratulations for new assignment, and congratulations for a good set of numbers. As 
everybody is expecting, the rate cuts are going to happen, and so there will be some margin 
compression. But don't you feel that because you have a CD ratio of 72% only. And if the system 
liquidity improves due to RBI steps, like as you mentioned, VRR and OMOs, the growth will 
also be better? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes, I fully agree with you, sir. We have enough cushion for growth now, having 72% of the 
CD ratio and 15.41% of the CRAR. And the profit which we are holding it, we have enough 
cushion to grow in the system. And if further rate cut happens, I think opportunities will be 
immense for the corporate also to come forward and avail the facilities. 
Parag Thakkar: 
Sir, do you feel like growth will abstract whatever little bit margin contraction which happens 
due to interest rate cuts because as you very rightly say deposit will also get repriced, but there 
will be some lag effect right? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes. So, we will have to see what is the rate cut that is being offered and that happens in this 
particular quarter when the MPC happens and I think see in a shorter time one quarter, two 

 
Punjab National Bank 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
quarter, definitely there will be some impact. If I say that no impact will be there, I will not be 
doing justice to that. So, there will be some impact, but whatever happens, the impact for this 
quarter will be very, very minimal. I think with the growth in the credit pipeline, which we are 
holding it, I think that should offset the effect of the rate cut, which is going to happen. So, in 
this particular quarter, I am not seeing any major impact of the rate cut, even if it happens. 
Parag Thakkar: 
And sir when you say 13% to 15% loan book growth, you have said for FY25 or for next year 
26? 
Ashok Chandra: 
No, see our guidance for this year is 11% to 12% of the loan book now and I am expecting that 
our growth will be in the range of 12% to 13% in the Financial Year ‘25. 
Parag Thakkar: 
Correct and 26 you are saying? 
Ashok Chandra: 
26, I have not told anything and we need to wait. See, there is a process for fixing the number 
for the next financial year and somewhere in the first week of March, we will have the board 
strategy meet and then we will decide the growth path, what is the profitability which we are 
going to fix up? What will be the NPA number and the guidance we will give at the end of the 
financial year to the analyst and everybody that on the 13 basic parameters where we want to 
place our Bank in 25-26. 
Parag Thakkar: 
And sir when you say that out of your technically written off Rs. 91,000 crore, Rs. 54,000 crore 
book is in NCLT. So, how much portion of that you expect to recover? For example, if it is in 
NCLT and the site is monetized, what is your general assumption that out of this Rs. 91,000 
crore or say Rs. 54,000 crores which is in NCLT, based on your assessment, what is the total 
recovery amount? Of course, it will come over a period of time, not necessarily next year itself, 
but what is your general assessment on that? 
Ashok Chandra: 
See, in this particular quarter, the recovery through the NCLT is only Rs. 380 crores in Q3 and 
I am expecting the accounts and the resolutions which are maturing now. I am expecting around 
Rs. 570 crore recovery through the NCLT route in this particular quarter. And through NARCL 
route also, we are expecting around Rs. 500 crore of recovery in this particular quarter. So, if I 
can put it, because this Rs. 54,000 crore is NCLT also and there are some accounts which are in 
NCLT but getting resolved through the NARCL. So, both put together, I am expecting that a 
recovery of around Rs. 1000 crore from the NCLT and NARCL and this entire book will be the 
TWO book. 
Parag Thakkar: 
Okay. And there is another number which you said Rs. 1400 to Rs. 1500 crore of recovery, right, 
in Q4? 
Ashok Chandra: 
That is the TWO recovery I was talking about. That is the TWA recovery. So, Rs. 1,000 crore 
through NARCL and the NCLT, that is a part of the 1,400 or 1,500, which we are aiming to do 
it in the Q4 quarter. 
Parag Thakkar: 
Okay, so total recovery number is 1,500? 

 
Punjab National Bank 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Ashok Chandra: 
Total 1,500 under the TWA, and total recovery in this particular quarter, we are expecting around 
Rs. 5,000 to Rs. 6,000 crore. 
Parag Thakkar: 
Okay, thanks a lot sir. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rakesh Kumar from B&K Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Thank you. Thank you for the opportunity again. So, just one question, sir. On the provision 
line, we have a write back in the investment depreciation. So, what is this number of Rs. 190 
crore pertaining to write back? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes, that is the recovery in the one account is there. See, there has been a write back of provision 
that has happened in a few of the accounts and that is the reason there is a provisioning the credit 
cost and if you see that is the impact of that money, the write back of provision has gone up now. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Yes, how many accounts that we have for kind of this must be non performing investment where 
the recovery has happened. So, like how many accounts are there and from which sector if you 
can help us understand? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes, there are two ways of write back of provision happens. One is when we recover the amount 
of the NPA account under the GNPA, it comes back as a write back of provision. And in the 
TWO whatever recovery happens, it directly goes to the operating profit. So, this is one way of 
write back of provision. Second write back of provision which has happened in this particular 
quarter, generally that happens is in the restructured book we are supposed to maintain the 
provision. Now if that account becomes the standard account once again, it gets revived, then 
that provision we have to roll it back. And that is the provision which has been rolled back and 
that has come as a write back of provision. So, a standard account also because of the 
restructuring, whatever provision we do that, and once after the timeline provided in the 
restructured account, if that timeline meets and the account behaves properly, that provision we 
need to reverse back. So, there are two ways of write back of provisions. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Yes, correct. So, like referring to that notes to accounts where you were talking about the 
resolution for stressed asset whether we have written back around Rs. 320 crores. So, that is one 
write back of provision of Rs. 425 crores this must be included there and over and above we 
have another investment depreciation or NPI write back. So, how many accounts? 
Ashok Chandra: 
NPI write back is that Rs. 190 crore on account of the NPI write back. That is because of that it 
has happened. On account of OTR write back, it is Rs. 81 crores. Second, the third point is the 
7th June circular, there were some accounts where Rs. 447 crores write back has happened. So, 
these three things put together, the write back provision has happened in the system. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Okay, and what is the continuity possibly if you have anything because discussions must be 
going on such larger accounts, so any visibility we have for fourth quarter such kind of recoveries 
or write backs? 

 
Punjab National Bank 
January 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Ashok Chandra: 
Definitely, the write back of provisions, definitely it is going to happen in the system and we are 
also expecting that both in the NPA side and the non-NPA side, the standard account side, I 
think Rs. 300 to Rs. 400 crore write back of provisions will happen in this quarter also. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Understood sir. Okay, great sir, great. Thank you sir, thank you and all the best sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Ashok Chandra: 
So, thank you very much to all the esteemed investors and the analysts for reposing your faith 
and confidence in Punjab National Bank. On behalf of the top management and the entire PNB 
family, we assure you that we will continue to have the robust growth. We will continue to have 
the robust operating profit, net profit and all the financial parameters, you will see that there will 
be continuous improvement. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Elara Securities Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
