 
 
   
 
  January 22, 2025 
 
The General Manager 
Corporate Relations Department  
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring Rotunda 
Building, P J Towers Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)  
Mumbai – 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 532481 
NSE Scrip Code: NOIDATOLL 
 
Sub:  
TRANSCRIPT OF CONFERENCE CALL WITH SHAREHOLDERS DATED 17.01.2025  
 
Dear Sir,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, and in continuation of our letter dated December 17, 2024, please find 
enclosed the transcript of Conference Call with the Shareholders of the Company which has 
been held on Friday, January 17, 2025 at 4:30 pm. 
 
The abovesaid transcript of the Conference Call also uploaded on the website of the Company 
i.e. www.ntbcl.com. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record.  
 
 
Thanking You 
For Noida Toll Bridge Company Limited 
 
 
 
Gagan Singhal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
FCS: 7525 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Corporate Off: Toll Plaza, DND Flyway, Noida-201 301, U.P. India Phone: 0120 2516495 
Regd. Off: Toll Plaza, Mayur Vihar Link Road, New Delhi -110091, INDIA 
Website: www.ntbcl.com      Email:ntbcl@ntbcl.com     CIN:L45101DL1996PLC315772 
GAGAN 
SINGHAL
Digitally signed by 
GAGAN SINGHAL 
Date: 2025.01.22 
16:59:07 +05'30'

Noida Toll Bridge Company Limited 
Conference call 
Friday, January 17, 2025 
_____________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Moderator 
 
Good Evening, Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
A very warm welcome to all of you at the conference call of Noida Toll Bridge 
Company Limited (“NTBCL”) with its valuable shareholders. 
 
I am Gagan Singhal, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the 
Company.  
 
Mr. Dheeraj Kumar, Executive Director, Mr. Rakesh Chatterjee, Director, Mr. 
Amit Agrawal, CFO and the Cyril Amarchand Mangaldas Team, Legal 
Counsel are joined with us. 
 
By way of background, in the matter of PIL filed by FONRWA with Hon’ble 
Allahabad High Court and as per the order dated October, 26, 2016 of Hon’ble 
Allahabad High Court, collection of user fee from the users of the DND 
Flyway was suspended with effect from October 26, 2016.  
 
Further, the Company had challenged the Allahabad HC Judgment before the 
Hon’ble Supreme Court of India (“SC”) by way of a Special Leave Petition 
being SLP No. 33403 of 2016. The matter was heard many times and finally 
on August 13, 2024, the matter was heard at length and the Judgement was 
reserved by the Hon’ble Supreme Court formally on August 14, 2024. 
 
On December 20, 2024 the Hon’ble Supreme Court pronounced its Judgement 
in the Special Leave Petition whereby the Hon’ble Supreme Court has upheld 
the Allahabad HC Judgment and dismissed the Special Leave Petition. 
 
In view of the requests made by the shareholders asking for a conference call 
to be arranged in light of the Judgment rendered by the Hon’ble Supreme 
Court, the present call has been arranged. 
 
It may be noted that the Company is presently in the process of preparing and 
filing a petition seeking review of the Judgment of the Hon’ble Supreme 
Court. We will now open the floor to the shareholders for discussions related 
to the same.  
 
Please note that for smooth and seamless conduct of the conference call we 
will call out the name of Shareholders, who have sent written comments or 
queries, one by one for discussion with them. We request the shareholders not 
to repeat any query which is already answered and which is not related with 
the said judgement. 
 
While speaking, the shareholders are also requested to ensure that their Wi-fi 
is not connected to any other device/s and no other background applications 
are running to have clarity in audio. 
 
Now, I request to the shareholders, please ask their queries, please. 
 
Sanjay Kohli 
 
Good afternoon, everyone.  
 
So, we are all quite disappointed by this judgment. We have to look forward 
and now what are going to be the company's assets that we need to protect. I'll 
just keep this question short, so that then you can elaborate on.  
 
Basically, the land which is there and it's appearing in some of the earlier 
Annual Reports, including the 2004-2005 Annual Report. In the region of 30 
to 36 acres of land for which the company was asking for development rights, 
they have a lease, which is co-terminus with the agreement. Now the question 
is, the agreement still seems to be valid? So, when does this? What happens 

next? I mean, do we just have now? 5 or 6 years to go 2,031, and they post the 
agreement. Has there been any discussion with Noida Authority. So, I think 
the other shareholders would also like to elaborate further on this point. But 
for the time being I'll just stay with this query, thank you. 
 
If you can throw some light on this. Thank you. 
 
Mr. Dheeraj Kumar 
 
Yeah, thank you, Mr. Kohli and 1st of all, thanks to all the shareholders, 
particularly Mr. Kohli, who has been really proactive. Now assets as per the 
balance sheet essentially there is intangible assets, which is the whole 
infrastructure and it being an intangible asset, it has been capitalized 
accordingly. Besides, there are certain other land parcels available and that 
land parcel are spread over the alignment. We have already requested Noda 
for granted development, rights, but unfortunately, which has never been 
granted. 
 
What I gather is, your query is more about the way forward or the approach 
that company is going to take. Certainly we are contemplating filing a Review 
Petition which already is under discussion and we have received suggestions, 
concerns from several shareholders definitely. The idea is to incorporate all 
of those suggestions subject to them not really being any duplication and let 
us see how that will go forward. 
 
Sanjay Kohli 
 
Just, there's a follow up question on the land, so that the title of the land our 
understanding is with us. It's quite solid because a charge has been created on 
the land, against certain borrowings and so the isn't this solidly in control of 
the company and in terms of possession, also that there's no risk to this. 
 
Dheeraj Kumar 
 
That's correct understanding, sir. The land is in possession of the company, 
and it has been charged to one of the secure lender as well. The possession 
continues with the company, however, the possession is co-terminus with the 
Concession. So basically, the concession agreement that has been signed 
between Noida and the Company NTBCL, it is till the concession is valid, so 
land remains with us till concession is valid. 
 
Rahul Kapur 
 
So, you know, the point being that the development rights haven't been 
assigned. But obviously, there would be a lease agreement which has been 
signed between the company and the authorities, and you know, I'm sure that 
the lease agreement would say that the lease is valid till the concession 
agreement is valid, and that's the reason why our lenders agree to lend a large 
sum of money based on this security. So, why is the company not? I mean, 
the company needs to secure assets, and we also need to understand where is 
the location of these parts of the land? We need to publish it and also we need 
to put up a fence and physical guard to those assets, because, knowing Noida 
authorities, approach, they've been very aggressive. So, I want to understand 
what is the management's view on this. 
 
Dheeraj Kumar 
 
Thank you, Mr. Kapoor. So, the response to your query is, most of the land, 
it is in the vicinity of road itself, the DND slightly on either side of the road 
and as we are speaking given the land and all land that has been signed way 
back in 1998, 2000, we have initiated a process to demarkate that land. 
 
Sir, we are not clear on the query as how to secure the asset. The asset is 
secure. As long as landing agreement is there, the asset is secure. 
 
Rahul Kapur 
 
Where exactly are the parcels of land. We also need to understand. We need 
to visit those parcels, because, unfortunately, there is nothing left otherwise 
in the company. 
 
Rakesh Chatterjee 
 
I guess, we are jumping something and kind of moving on the assumption that 
the Supreme Court will allow us to engage with Noida on the development 
rights that has to 1st happen. Now to the extent there is land or no land, That's 
a separate question. If there is land fencing it, whatever is a physical activity 
to secure it. That's 1 part. But we don't know whether that land would be 
conducive for development or not. Those are questions that have to be 
checked physically on the ground. Having said that if, supposing the Supreme 

Court allows the company to engage with Noida, and puts an obligation on 
Noida to really have a hard look at the development rights. The question is, 
from where that development right comes is not very core, to the whole issue, 
because it may well be so that the land that the company has may or may not 
be conducive towards developing right. We don't know, because there might 
be X number of rules and regulations which may or may not allow a certain 
kind of development happening on the land because of the nature of the land. 
So, if we can focus more on what we can do today in moving forward before 
the court right, that would be more focused, because otherwise we are just 
kind of trying to achieve something which is up in the air. We are still not 
very certain right. 
 
Rahul Kapur 
 
Are you trying to suggest that ICICI Bank and other lenders lends a large sum 
of money just on some something which was in air, I mean. 
 
Rakesh Chatterjee 
 
No, I'm not saying this is in the air. All that I'm saying, a lender may look at 
a land in a particular way. We are talking about developing that land right, 
Okay. Now the lender, if he's satisfied with the quality of the land, that's the 
lender's call, we are talking about developing that particular land. Now, there 
might be X number of contingencies regarding development of that land per 
se. I am more on that. On the development of the land, I'm not talking about 
whether the land is as a legal property of the company or not. You're mixing, 
conflating 2 different things. 
 
Rahul Kapur 
 
So, we'll come to development rights. Yes, I understand that. But you know, 
let's also admit that there is a certain 36 acres of land, and one parcel, of 
course, is adjacent to what I understand. Next to Apeejay school, which has 
been mentioned in your annual reports. 
 
Rakesh Chatterjee 
 
Nobody is denying that. So, you have the annual report. The management will 
tell you to what extent what charge has been created. What is the status of the 
asset on the books of the company, and to what extent whatever physical 
activities have to taken to secure it. That's a separate thing altogether. 
 
Rahul Kapur 
 
So we need to know, where exactly the parcels are planned. I mean, especially 
the 36 acre, you know, which has been assigned to the company as per the 
lease agreement. Also, I want to understand. 
 
Dheeraj Kumar 
 
Sir, you are welcome to visit the office, and we will ensure somebody 
accompanies you to show around the land. 
 
Rahul Kapur 
 
Right now, Given the stay on arbitration proceedings by Supreme Court. What 
I want to ask the CAM team is that? How do we get the stay vacated? And 
when do we start with the arbitration proceedings? 
 
Rakesh Chatterjee 
 
See, there is an appeal filed by Noida in relation to this particular arbitration 
where this stay has been granted right. That appeal itself is pending so 
Supreme Court when it addressed, this whole DND issue, they said, that we 
will 1st dispense with the substantive appeal filed by NTBCL. Once that is 
taken care of by us, then we'll look at the arbitration right, so that arbitration 
appeal is pending, but the criticality is given. The judgment that we have been 
handed down with the observations there. Probably, right makes it a bit 
untenable right even to see getting the stay vacated will become part of 
disposal of that application. As I say, appeal, as I said before, which is pending 
for Supreme Court, so the Supreme Court will consider and take a call. But 
even if it is, say, assume, you know Supreme Court, where with the 
arbitration, the kind of observations passed in this particular judgment are so 
detrimental it will to a great extent impact the company's position in the 
arbitration itself. So somewhere internally, we are thinking, along with the 
lawyers, to see to it that if these negative observations or whatever 
understanding has been expressed in the judgment, cannot be neutralized. 
Nothing. Much will of the arbitration, so that's 1 staged process, we are 
contemplating how to go about. 
 
Bipin 
 
If, I am not mistaken, the stay which Noida has gone is against us, proceeding 
with the arbitration until such a time that a clear order is passed by the 

Supreme Court on the main case. So if the court already has passed an order 
on the main case, i think the application automatically should follow through 
right. 
 
CAM team 
 
No, that's not right. Actually, if you see the Supreme Court order dated 14th 
August 2024, they state that after he decides the main case. They will list the 
other, and they will see what survives. 
 
Bipin  
 
Yes, but it becomes redundant. We should, in fact, even ask, that's exactly the 
point you're coming to. The basic issue is now, if I go back the case on which 
the Noida has filed the arbitration that is already resolved, and there's no need 
for the case which Noida has filed. Now, application automatically can 
proceed, because in the main case has been decided. 
 
CAM team 
 
But that may not be the case. So if there's a specific order which the court is 
basically asked us to. 
 
Bipin 
 
Let me go back to the very starting of the company, when the company started 
at that point, it was set up by the sponsors as per the judgment, basically Noida 
and IlFS, and they assigned the rights to collect toll to the company based 
upon this agreement, which was given the right to collect toll, and also the 
assurance that in case due to any change in law, Toll cannot be collected, they 
will compensate the company as per a particular formula, which was designed 
and agreed by everyone. 
 
That was what was done now, based upon this agreement as a SPV went to 
various lenders, and then also came out with the prospectus and raised money 
from the public, who have provided money to Noida Toll Bridge, purely based 
upon the assurances given in the agreement. In 2002, I believe, when it 
happened and also those who subscribe to the GDR, all the shares were 
subscribed to on the strength of the agreement. If this agreement was not there, 
they would not have subscribed, because this agreement was a key part of the 
deal, and Noida itself was one of the directors of the company. It had signed 
multiple balance sheets and in every balance sheet, they have some kind of 
the amount of liability, they have towards Noida Tall Bridge in case of change 
in law. If, I go back in, I think, in 2010, or something, the amount they have 
signed off to is, I think, 3,000 crores in the director report that director report 
is signed up by the Noida Director. That is also signed off by Mr. Banerjee, 
who seems to be Noida CFO and Senior VP, So they have already accepted 
the liability as I understand, Supreme Court has already given multiple 
judgments over the years. More recently, in 2024, clearly stating that the 
Supreme Court and no court is expected to rewrite contracts or reward 
contracts. At most. They will interpret the wording of the contract, and 
nothing beyond that, if correct me if I'm wrong. But that is essentially the gist 
of all the judgments on the sanctity of the agreement. The agreement was 
between the sponsor of Noida Toll Bridge, which is NOIDA assigning an 
ILFS which was assigning certain rights to Noida Toll Bridge as a 
transitionary. as far as I understand, we have to just inform the court that this 
is, we are actually been formed by NOIDA and NOIDA was fully in charge 
of the company over the duration of the 1st 10 plus years and with their 
directors. In fact, the Noida CEO was on the board of directors of the company 
for the 1st 10 years or so and all our balance sheets have been signed off by 
Noida CFO. So we are not liable for any mistakes that if Noida has chosen to 
give us the right. We trust NOIDA to do the legally right thing. However, 
based upon the rights which are given by NOIDA  to us. Noida Tall Bridge, 
as a subsidiary or SPV, formed by NOIDA, went ahead and raised money 
from the public and based upon the assurance and the guarantee given by 
NOIDA, people have subscribed to the issue. If, I'm not fully passing the 
proceedings, in the proceedings of the main case, It was pointed out that we 
are no different from NOIDA. We are just SPV formed by NOIDA and all the 
decisions have been taken, not by us, but by NOIDA, and hence nor a needs 
to honor that. 
 
Rakesh Chatterjee 
 
Sir, I'll simplify it. I'll say all that you're saying is correct. On the 
understanding that the judiciary fully recognizes the parameters of contract. 
So why are contracts entered into to basically lock in positions of parties, and 

that it gets honoured. In this particular case, what has happened is, the 
proceeding being a PIL somewhere you know, the judiciary has taken a view 
way beyond the confines of contract. So all that you're saying is correct to the 
extent it is recognized that yes, we have to honour the parameters of contract. 
We have to be within the confines of contract. But it has not happened in this 
case. So, it's very, extremely important, right for to base, you know, kind of 
reiterate before the judiciary that there was a contract, X number of people 
invested basis. Those contracts, the materially of the contracts, so that 
recognition has to be brought in. Now, as we stand today, what are we 
planning to do? We are planning to file a review petition, The remit of a 
review petition is extremely narrow, So I'm saying again, reiterating, we need 
to come back to what we can do tomorrow or day after as opposed to. I'm not 
saying that you're wrong. You are right, but what can be achieved? Let's focus 
on that and move forward. These will get factored in not necessarily. 
 
Bipin 
 
I think the most important point, you have to go back and look at it, since the 
company has raised money through a prospectus and a key part of attracting 
people to subscribe to the issue was the agreement between NOIDA, in fact, 
not even the agreement, because it was actually assigned to us by NOIDA. It 
was NOIDA said, that you take the right. 
 
Rahul Kapur 
 
These have been already been argued in the court. 
 
Bipin 
 
And the money which has been raised by NOIDA would essentially amount 
to being a fraud or a criminal fraud. That, too, if NOIDA raised money based 
upon an agreement which was invalid, and then did nothing to rectify and 
address the basis on which it had 
 
Rakesh Chatterjee 
 
All that I can say is as a shareholder, if you believe that you have been taken 
on a right basis, the prospectus, you, as a person individually has the right to 
go file a criminal case against the NOIDA officials, or you know, whoever. 
 
Bipin 
 
I think that you can go down idea if you can circulate, Teachers affect us, so 
that will be the key part to file such a filing. Such a case, that is the most 
important point. 
 
N K Uppal 
 
To the conversation, I basically want to understand, Has the Supreme Court 
rescinded the agreement between NOIDA and the Company? To me it 
appears, No, because that particular SLP for arbitration is still pending, and 
that will be decided on merit, so, I would like to know what is the status of 
that SLP. When will it come for hearing, and when will the matter can go to 
arbitration? 
 
CAM team 
 
So there are 2 SLPs. The main toll SLP has already been disposed off. 
In With 14th August, the court has given us the liberty to mention the second 
SLP, as in when the 1st SLPp were decided. Now, that being said, since we 
are filing a review, it would be prudent to 1st await the outcome of the review 
before we mention the second SLP for hearing. 
 
N K Uppal 
 
Why do you say that? Because reviews in Supreme Court, in almost 100% of 
the cases have been declined, and they will tend to be declined. May be one 
or 2 comments will be removed, that's all. So why are we not going parallelly 
on the arbitration route with the company? Because, as per the going 
procedure which has happened so far, it appears, Noida is on the weak wicket 
over here, and we must push them to the towards the arbitration conclusion as 
soon as possible. 
 
Rakesh Chatterjee 
 
It's not a question of we could. You have to. If you have gone through the 
judgment, there are certain observations right like, for example, one of the 
critical observations is that the company has made its money end of the story 
right now. 
 
N K Uppal 
 
It still says company has to make some 30 crores more, and the judgment has 
not taken into account the interest, cost, and the time cost of the money, etc, 
which I presume Supreme Court is looking at the interest of residents only, 

not at the interest of the shareholders which we need to express very clearly 
in the arbitration. 
 
Rakesh Chatterjee 
 
So the arbitration is before the arbitration tribunal, So they will also get 
influenced by whatever observations have been captured in this particular 
judgment. 
 
N K Uppal 
 
No, it is not the question of law, sir. Now it is a question of commercial 
agreement between the 2 parties. Supreme Court has deleted 2 clauses. 
Supreme Court or High Court has deleted 2 clauses of that particular 
agreement. Rest of the agreement stands as it is, the agreement has not been 
rescinded yet per se. 
 
Rakesh Chatterjee 
 
To the extent those. The arbitrations, is to address any shortfall or stuff like 
that, because we are talking about some support agreements there also. If the 
Supreme Court has taken a call that NOIDA, the company has made the 
money right, then you don't you? You will probably not be able to get much 
out of the arbitration. So, the idea here is to somewhere rectify this position 
and then get into arbitration. 
 
N K Uppal 
 
I again say that the review is not going to yield into much, because that's what 
the history of Supreme Court is supreme. At best you can tell them to take out 
comments made on that. People have made money. ILFS has made money left 
right center about indicating corruption, etc. Those comments may get 
deleted, but otherwise I don't see much of the hope over here. I am saying that 
these are parallel courses of action. Why can't? 
 
Rakesh Chatterjee 
 
You are so hopeless about it. You know the review... Let's drop the review, 
and I would go by what Mr. Upal says? That is not how it is going to work.  
 
At the end of the day, a parallel thing can only be started when you more or 
less have some feeling that okay, something substantial will come out because 
the 1st judgment impacts the next one so big time. What will the arbitral 
Tribunal will think when it has been. NOIDA will take a position we keep 
saying, NOIDA is in a weak wicket, which is not the case. NOIDA will say 
Supreme Court has said the company has already made money. What is to be 
made? 
 
Sanjay Kohli 
 
Let's not have doubt over here that the very 1st thing which has to be done is 
a review petition has to go in by the 19th of this month, which is day after 
tomorrow. That is a and that that is going ahead, and of course, what you're 
saying is simultaneously, what you're saying is, okay. Why don't you move to 
open the stay on the arbitration? That I mean, is something for that is an 
interesting point. 
 
Bipin 
 
Since the Supreme Court judgment says that the money has been received, 
including dividends and all that. A very simple point we have. 
let's understand this company raise around 320 crores as share capital and 
premium, the total amount of dividend paid out by NTBCL over the last 25 
years is only 205 crores. So what kind of a rate of return has the? That is a 
simple question. 
 
N K Uppal 
 
It's a very important point. So Supreme Court has said that Noida toll, which 
was not entitled to collect the toll. But NOIDA per se can always collect the 
toll on its own. Are we suggesting in review petition that let NOIDA collect 
the toll, because at the end of the day asset has been created, public is using 
it, and there are user charges which should be paid by the public. This is a 
normal practice. 
 
CAM Team 
 
No, sir, we are not considering anything like that. So, When it has been said 
that user toll is not required to be collected for XYZ reason whether Noida 
collects or the company collects become irrelevant, trying to get into the court 
of the Judgment.  
 

Dhyan 
 
I just want one thing. I was not clear about the SC judgment. According to the 
SC Judgment, the CAG shortfall is 4,037 crores. Am I right? Or what is the 
exact amount of the CAG shortfall? I want to know. 
 
Dheeraj Kumar 
 
Sir, So basically, even the shortfall that is coming close to rupees, 1,900 
Crores. But besides, they have given couple of other scenarios also, and in the 
scenario that they have recommended. The shortfall is coming close to rupees. 
₹15 Crores besides requirement of maintenance which is above that. 
 
Dhyan 
 
So, sir, as per your concession agreement. What I read in the Annual Report 
there is a section 13 which refers to section 18 that if Section 13 is taken into 
effect, if there's a change in law, section 18, if you approach arbitration with 
an independent auditor, Noida always had an objection that your auditor is not 
Pakka now they can't argue that auditor is not Pakka. CAG is a government 
auditor. So, I think our chances are very good in arbitration. If we take it 
seriously, because you can't argue with the government auditor. If they're 
giving a written report of 2,100 crores, it is still beneficial to shareholders. 
How they will pay we need to figure out how they will pay. I don't know if 
the cash rich enough to pay that much, but at least it will stop this decline in 
share prices.  
 
Rohan Kapur 
 
So I think, just to add on, obviously the CAG has mentioned that 2,000 crores 
is due, but I'd also like to add on that the income tax, Arbitration Tribunal has 
also said that 3,000 crores is due. So, you know, just a request that is also 
added in the review petition. And second point is that you know the company's 
management is that the review petition is in the process of being filed, or so 
terms like that. Obviously, the Dead 
line is Sunday, which is, the weekend. So can you just have a confirmation 
that's already ready and filed, and that will be done. Can we have a 
confirmation of that right now. 
 
So can we have a confirmation to shareholders that it's done, because, you 
know. 1st of all, this meeting was held on the 17th of Jan, which is towards 
the end of the 30 day deadline itself. I'm not too sure what took so much time. 
But can we have a confirmation that the review petition has been filed. 
 
 
Dheeraj Kumar 
 
We take note of your suggestion. No, it has not been filed. It is almost 95% 
ready. The final touches are being given, and we file it by 19th Normally, even 
if you overshoot it by a day or 2 these kind of details are condoned? So go in 
solid to, you know, kind of putting in everything and confusing the quote 
further right. 
 
Rohan Kapur 
 
Can we get a confirmation on the website? Because there's that, you know, 
once it's been filed, that's all. Thanks. 
 
Dheeraj Kumar 
 
We will do that 
 
Dhyan 
 
Sir, what is the objective of the Review petition? Can you give us a brief 
overview of what is the objective of the Review petition? Are you intending 
to restore toll or move to arbitration? What, exactly is the objective. 
 
CAM Team 
 
Sir, basically, we can't disclose the content of the review petition. This review 
petition is to bring to fore certain errors that we believe is there in the 
judgment and those errors, as we discussed during the call also pertain to 
findings of the audit report interpretation of the process and agreement. Those 
are the broad grounds on which we are basing our petition. 
 
 
Dhyan 
 
Dhyan: So, But that means there's no goal for it. We will not get told restored, 
or they will not get arbitration. Something needs to come to conclusion. After 
2016 this year, if you file it now, it'll go on for another 6 years. Don't have it 
right here. 
 
 

CAM Team 
 
Certainly we, sir. We have already discussed the matter. The matter related to 
arbitration. It also will be taken up in blue course. However our current 
priority is to look into the review petition and move ahead with it, but let me 
assure you, certainly we will move ahead. We will bring to forward the matter 
of acquisition as well. 
 
Dilip 
 
Review Petition also goes to the same bench who heard the main petition, or 
it will go to a different bench. 
 
N K Uppal 
 
Same Bench. Then the possibility of getting anyway, I reserve my. 
 
Dinesh 
 
Since this review petition is going to take some time. So in any case, if the 
review petition is in our favor as well, still we have to go for arbitration, 
because in any case, even if the toll is restored, we will not be able to get the 
entire amount. So, in any case arbitration has to be there. So why can't we 
engage people? Arbitrator, senior arbitrator, some top lawyers, so that we 
don't waste time when we have this petition, or when the arbitration stays 
removed. We are fully prepared, because last time we already had 2, 3 years 
gone on this, and we should not waste time for waiting for the review. 
 
Dheeraj Kumar 
 
So, thanks for the same. But, as explained previously, there is a certain 
progression to this thing. Our immediate concern is, once we have visibility 
on the review conditions. Certainly, we will move it with subsequent 
application. 
 
N K Uppal 
 
For the information of my Company Shareholders. Let me tell you, the review 
petitions are decided quite fast, and normally, within 2, 3 months you will get 
an outcome. 
 
Dilip 
 
One more request would you be a press conference would be in order after 
the petition is filed, So then people are assured that things aren't going to fall 
in place. 
 
Rohan Kapur 
 
Can you please include the media here and make it public? Because, you 
know, this is not done. Obviously, things. It's arbitrary, very much to say that 
returns have been received. Can you please make it public, and also in the 
government, because the NOIDA authorities also signed a 40 year concession 
with Java Airport right now to 15 years later, you know, some person can 
come. Just come and say that I don't want to pay, when I'm traveling the plane, 
and that should be removed, and the judge can say that the returns have been 
maintained. So, you can please go back so can you please highlight this in the 
media, and the government should also get involved. Because it's not only this 
PPP concession, it's also various other concessions. 
 
N K Uppal 
 
The arbitration as of now, there is a State by Supreme Court. Once the team, 
the team says, once the review petition is decided, they will press for the 
arbitration matter, and the arbitration will proceed thereafter. Arbitration may 
take about a year and a half to get settled. It will get settled. 
 
The point which I wish to make. As far as the income tax matter is concerned, 
I think income tax matter has already been sorted out, and all the demands 
have already been withdrawn.  
 
Dheeraj Kumar 
 
Most of the tax matter. It has already been disposed in favour of company and 
there are certain outstanding matters we are confident that also will be sorted 
out over time. 
 
Nitin 
 
There are a couple of points which the Supreme Court made. One was that 
that this is a biased or an unfair kind of a agreement. So is there any way in 
which we can dispute that? And on what basis have they made that 
observation? Can we disprove them? in this observation by making strong 
points, that it's a special purpose vehicle which was formed, and there were 
government parties which were involved and the agreement is in that sense 
complete.  
 

The second issue on which we can possibly dispute the Supreme Court is that 
they have said that the Company has received adequate compensation. Do we 
have mathematical calculations that it has not received adequate 
compensation? And as per the terms of the agreement, this is the calculation, 
and as per terms of other standard agreements at that point. This is the 
calculation, and this is what the shareholders deserve. The company and the 
shareholders deserve. Has any chartered accountant gone through the data, the 
documents, and other agreements made at that time, the interest rates were 
high and made a justifiable case that this is the compensation given to 5 other 
companies of a similar type. And this is what we are asking, which is not 
unfair. Does it? 
 
Bipin 
 
NOIDA and ILFS, and we were only the concessionaries. We didn't really 
have a say in it. It was actually decided by NOIDA what they will give, and 
they documented it, and this document was used to raise money from Banks 
and from the public and if we do not do so actually, it becomes, somebody 
already pointed out, it's a criminal matter under companies act so it would be 
a serious matter. We dishonor that agreement. 
 
Rakesh Chatterjee 
 
I'll just make it short. The very problem right arises from understanding or 
lack of understanding of how the concession work and the total cost of the 
project to the extent. It has not been fully understood by whosoever primarily 
the CAG or PAG, whatever. The moment we go into, or the you know, the 
court goes into the element of reasonableness. Right then all that you're saying 
becomes where you're saying it is unreasonable. And the court saying it is 
reasonable. So the point here is just reiterating again that I have made less 
Mathematics. 
 
What I would suggest is, there should be a clear recognition of how you know 
these formulas work, and that this particular formula for this company is not 
very different from the formulas that are questions right, correct. No one 
recognize that. Get less or more, or whatever will get addressed. Because the 
moment get into. You know, the investors have made less money, more 
money. It's a different thing. 
 
Tipu Sultan 
 
Sir, there is another point that Noida thought he always claimed that so many 
has taken place while allotting this land and has the Noida authority has taken 
any action against their own employees who were there. 
 
N K Uppal 
 
Sir, as of now, the matter will be decided, strictly based on the agreement that 
NP Noida Toll Bridge, executed with Noida and barring those 2, 3 clauses 
which have been declared ultra virus, or whatever you may call it, by hype 
and whatever are the terms of those agreement that will be put in place? Now 
I have a question to Noida Toll Bridge authorities. The Supreme Court judges 
assigned Solicitor General to understand the CAG report and come back with 
his reservation, and comments. They've been given to you, or they've been 
documented in the judgment. I didn't find it in the judgment anywhere. 
 
Tipu Sultan 
 
That CAG report has never been made public that CAG report always 
remain sealed. Point is that Noida authority time and again claimed that A 
has taken place while allotting this land, and this agreement is secured by 
collusion. 
 
Sanjay Kohli 
 
Our company is owned by the Government directly or indirectly, Basically, 
the Noida authority shares and the ILFS shares, which is now a government 
company. Now government itself should be concerned about the value of its 
own equity in this. And what sort of action is government itself taking? 
Because, the executive and judiciary are supposed to be separate. They're not 
supposed to be working. So, the government is affected by this order, and they 
have other means to redress the situation. So is our management in discussions 
with the parent company and the government officials. So the shareholder 
made an interesting decision. The government is not concerned about its own 
ownership of this company. I think he is present also over here in the call. 
Then you know, what do? What do we then? What can we? You know, if we 
are up against the government. this is the point. 
 

Rakesh Chatterjee 
 
Had that been so now given that the current companies, the current board, is 
primarily nominated by ILFS, and indirectly, MCA. If, had that been the case, 
then then you know all this discussion about filing a review, burning midnight 
oil to meet the deadline of 30 days nobody would have been doing that right. 
So rest assured. 
 
Sanjay Kohli 
 
No, I don't agree with you, Mr. Chatterjee, at all on that, because government 
also follows its certain processes, so the process of review is available. The 
process, in fact, of a curated petition is later available to the Government, 
which they have, in fact, used in reverse. In the reliance infra Delhi metro 
case. Be aware of this. 
 
Rakesh Chatterjee 
 
Saying that the fact that the current management is going to file a review 
petition? It has been and it will follow through with everything. It is just, it is 
shareholding, but it of the public shareholders. So please rest assured there is, 
not. You know the we are not. We are not cutting corners we are doing. 
 
Bipin 
 
I observe one thing, that all the mistakes, all the errors, all the violations of 
law, have been committed by NOIDA, even the fact that they signed an 
agreement with us, offering us the right to collect all, and assured us a return 
that was given to us by NOIDA, and they were the sponsors, and they, and 
then they were a part of the Directors. For the Ist 10 years at least, the Noida 
CEO has been on the board the Noida CFO has been signing the balance sheets 
they have accepted, and never they have objected to the amount of money 
which is due as a shortfall of return on the commitment they have made. If 
they have already accepted this last 10 years and now it will be completely 
wrong, because this was already validated by NOIDA CFO gotcha for the last 
10 years. 
 
Dheeraj Kumar 
 
Sir, the CFO doesn't belong to NOIDA, it belongs to Noida Toll bridge 
company. So CFO is from this company, not from NOIDA, But the point is 
like noted. I do appreciate your views. 
 
Siddhartha Bahuguna 
 
I would like to make that the Allahabad High Court judgment that they are not 
cancelling the concession agreement as a whole. They just severed a few parts 
of the contract. Now the Supreme Court has just, you know they have said 
something on, you know not the toll not being carried forward. However, 
there's not a word on whether the concession agreement is being, that has been 
reiterated. What has been? What has come out in the Allahabad High Court 
judgment that has been retreated by the Supreme Court. So that means that 
the concession and the in the last era of the High Court judgment is that the 
Government is free to do anything to chase the agreement, but what they are 
sure about is that the toll the people should not be told, made to pay the toll. 
 
Bipin 
 
Supreme Court has never, not said anything on that to that effect. So 
actually, in fact, NOIDA can make a lump sum payment like. 
 
Siddhartha Bahuguna 
 
No, The Supreme Court order nowhere mentioned that they are. They will 
let that the concession agreement stands. They're quite silent on that. 
 
CAM Team 
 
You can just look at para 78 for your reference and the Supreme Court 
dismisses the appeal and uphold order, so as far as the status quo which was 
given by remaining. 
 
Siddhartha Bahuguna 
 
So then you have the whole land to, and the advertising revenues from the 
holdings. 
 
Rakesh Chatterjee 
 
Revenue continues the way it is insofar. 
 
N K Uppal 
 
The company is proceeding in a certain sequential manner, and that is right. 
Let them proceed in a sequential manner. The 1st part is review petition. The 
second part is, after the review petition is decided. Open the arbitration one 
year and a half to get them together. 
 
We are already in 1 hr into this, and most of the points have already been 
discussed. I have, slightly sidestepping. 

 
Rakesh Chatterjee 
 
At the end of the day the company is a commercial entity. Investors have, 
invested basis, certain commercials right the whether it. The money comes 
from tolling or comes from development rights. We need to see. 
 
N K Uppal 
 
Are there any parallel chat channels open with Noida? That's number one and 
number 2. God forbid! If the worst comes to true, then what are the 
contingency plan we have for showing up the revenue for the company? 
Because last, when the full year toll was collected, Company revenue was 
about 130 crores and today, with advertisements in place, we have about 40, 
45 Crores of annualized revenue. What are the continuous plan? Obviously, 
there won't be an answer here, maybe a separate new letter to the shareholders, 
something like that. Thats what are the board of directors thinking about 
making sure that the company is running profitably, though, may not be as 
much profit as it was earlier. But what are the revised business plan under the 
revised scenario, but I'm pretty sure that in arbitration the matter will be 
decided in companies favor, because agreement is in black and white, and 
nobody can bypass that. I could do a very, very negative example. 
They can bypass few classes cannot the entire agreement cannot be nullified. 
It's a contract. 
 
Siddhartha Bahuguna 
 
Both the High Court and the Supreme Court did they bypassed a lot of things 
so it can't be. You know it can't be inferred. They say that there is not a penny 
to be. 
 
Dheeraj Kumar 
 
So on. Business plan. On creating value, we keep on updating, and also 
through the annual report, as of now, company has already given the Guidance 
and Company abide by that guidance beside, in case, in event, there are 
changes in any revenue potential or any other outcome, definitely, we'll let it 
be a public information. We'll let our shareholders know about that. So, as 
said, development land is available, the right to do commercial exploitation 
on that land is not available. 
 
Rahul Kapur 
 
We also need to know where exactly the land parcel is, as shareholders. We 
need to know, and we need to visit and see for ourselves where the landfall. 
 
Dheeraj Kumar 
 
As explained previously, you are welcome to come to the Company Office 
head office, and certainly we will appoint some person who will show you 
around the land. Just for your information, the land is all along the road. 
 
Dinesh 
 
Question regarding supporting agreement which was signed before the 
concession agreement. So can we have some light on that supporting 
agreement between Noida. Sorry up Government and Delhi government, 
which was before our. 
 
CAM Team  
 
Nothing on the support agreement. We can rely for the purpose of the review 
at the moment, so as such at the moment in platform. 
 
Jabez 
 
Immediately increase the advertising potential meaning. Put a few more 
boards in different places, glow signs and things like that. At least the 
revenues will increase at least 2, 3, 4. 
 
Rakesh Chatterjee 
 
It doesn't work that way. The advertisement part, I'll give you a broader 
understanding that I have. Is there is a you know, identified amount of space 
given under the advertising concession on which you can use right to the 
extent it has been used up. That's it. You cannot just you know, what is it 
called erect a board. And say, I'm gonna do it. So there is a identified space 
given under the advertisement concession which can be exploited to the 
extent, there is something which is not fully utilized, or from that particular 
allotment. Probably the company can, you know, make efforts to use up that 
part, but if it has been totally used, you just can't. 
 
Jabez 
 
Can we ask an immediate relief, some kind of interim relief which will expand 
this space at least, and help us to actually kickstart the revenues to 2, 3 fold at 
least, then some dividend. Some operations can continue, because habitation 
and legal is one thing. If you can expand the business scope of, I think, putting 

up 5 more holdings. That will, let's say, kickstart the revenues we can keep on 
negotiating with NOIDA later on that revenue has increased by. 
 
And, secondly, why can't we immediately stop the maintenance completely? 
They are not keeping their stop. The maintenance of the road completely 
happened to the road. Why have we putting our money there! 
 
Dheeraj Kumar 
 
Sir, the response in case is you see the result. The advertisement revenue 
already has been increased two fold by nearly 100%. Comprehensive review 
of the advertisement revenue has been taken. 
 
Rakesh Chatterjee 
 
Well it is. It doesn't work tit for tat right, because the company has certain 
responsibilities while it may look unfair, that obligation to maintain remains. 
So we do at best what we can with the revenues that come. And unfortunately, 
I do agree. The company is not in a position to, kind of pay out dividends, but 
we are making at best that we can with the meagre advertisement revenue, so 
we can't drop the obligation to maintain the road, because that has not been 
knocked off by any of the judicial courts. Right. 
 
Arun Kumar Gumber 
 
As the Board of Directors. You are answerable to all the shareholders. and 
what strategy are you following in long run? Because, if the strategy is not 
clear. We are investing on the basis of the strategy followed by the Board. 
 
N K Uppal 
 
Company can go to downhill company can become insolvent. Tomorrow we 
can get 0 money. After that, I mean, when you invest in the equity share, you 
should be very clear. These are the risks. You can't ask for any assurance. It 
was the Company says that whatever alternate business plan can make to 
augment revenue, they will come back to shareholders. So that's what you 
should give it to them. 
 
Dheeraj Kumar 
 
Sir, if you see the revenue quarter and quarter, it has increased by 100%. So 
whatever available resources are there, we are exploiting it to the best interest 
of shareholders. That is the strategy. 
 
N K Uppal 
 
So if you, if you go through the quarterly reports, if you go through the annual 
reports, the Board very clearly defines. Now this judgment has come in the 
month of December, when the next quarterly results come, there will be 
appropriate Forum, where the company will be saying that okay, these are the 
actions we are taking, and this meeting per se is also to update the shareholders 
about the actions being taken. So, at all the relevant forums, the company will 
update all the shareholders about the actions being taken. 
 
We should have some patience, I mean, rather than pushing the company 
officials towards the wall. I don't think it's going to help any one of us. 
 
Arun Kumar Gumber 
 
Is the Cag report available in public for us or not? For greater clarity you 
should let petition it to be made, you know public to the shareholders and it is 
a public document. Supreme Court also says, to make it public. 
 
Dheeraj Kumar 
 
So court has allowed its use for a very limited purpose, and it is not available 
for public. 
 
Siddhartha Bahuguna 
 
Making your basing your judgment on CAG report and not making it public, 
is very strange. It's all up to. I don't think it's up to the board. It's up to. These 
are like decisions to be taken at the higher level. Probably, you know, at the 
level of the government. I think it's absolutely essential. 
 
Sanjay Kohli 
 
Was the judge joking in the court when he's saying, What does that mean? So 
the point that Mr. Bhaguna and Mr. Gumbar are making very, very valid 
points and you know our advocates. So I don't know whether Supreme 
Honourable Judge. when he makes a comment like this during the hearings. 
It's to be taken. The company can take a take a clue from that and release the 
report in the public domain. What is the harm. 
 

I want to know if the proceedings of the hearings are minuted, because if they 
are minuted, then this will emerge, that this is what the judges observed, that 
knowledge of everyone, so may as well make it public. 
 
Dheeraj Kumar 
 
So we have to abide by the law of land. We cannot go against the order of 
Hon’ble Supreme Court. 
 
N K Uppal 
 
The Supreme Court order does not say that the audit report needs to be made 
public. Certain excerpts of the audit report have been used in the judgment, 
and they are part of the judgment. Let company decide whether they can put 
it in the public domain or not, because there would be another 100 other 
sensitive information which the company would. 
 
Dheeraj Kumar 
 
Sir, let us not discuss or deliberate anything which is not on record. Let us 
move to the next question. 
 
Sanjeev Damani 
 
The only thing I want to submit that you have mentioned in one of your 
communication that some I mean rather the High Court Supreme Court has 
said that arbitration proceedings can go up, go as they are going. So what is 
the final conclusion? I'm sorry I got in late, so is there any hope from this 
arbitration meeting and what will be the outcome of this arbitration? What we 
have demanded? 
 
Dheeraj Kumar 
 
Sir. Thank you. So basically, there is a logical progression to take. Hon’ble 
Supreme Court has passed a judgment which unfortunately not goes in the 
favor of company. We are currently moving ahead with a review petition, and 
of course, the second matter pertaining to arbitration that is also there. Once 
we move ahead with the review petition, we will take a decision and think 
about the manner in which we will move ahead that application. 
Compensation, of course we have demanded compensation as per provisions 
of because of non fulfilment. There is a change in law, and we have right of 
compensation there. 
 
Sanjeev Damani 
 
The Supreme Court can be said that these are the daily expenses that we are 
incurring here without revenue. How can we do it, sir? 
 
Dheeraj Kumar 
 
No, sir, we are factoring these issues. In our review petition, we have been 
arguing those matters, and we are also factoring those issues in our review. 
 
Jabez 
 
An immediate relief, which will at least restore revenue back with or without 
toll back to. I think what it was, I think is very important, sir. Commercially 
we can fight small legal points, but an immediate relief. Supreme Court should 
give us some way or the other. 
 
Sanjay Kohli 
 
Gentlemen, even I would like to make a disclosure that even I am thinking 
seriously of filing as an intervenor in the case. The Review petition. 
 
Sanjeev Damani 
 
Sir, 2 legal parties have got into a contract, whether it was defective or not, 
but it should be honored. Whatever contract was, you know it was not a 
contract to sell firojshah kotla ground. It was a legal thing which was entered 
into. So how this can be, and will it not make a bad effect on other kind of 
contract that the various parties are getting into with the government. 
 
Rakesh Chatterjee 
 
Our understanding is that contracts should be honored ? And then these are 
contracts which have been, kind of negotiated over a long period of time by 
parties who are not fly by. Fly by the night. Kind of a thing. These are 
government con government. On one side, a large company from the other 
side. These have been through well negotiated contracts, and they should be 
honored. We agree with your position, but the way the judgment has come 
about it has given too much precedence or more precedence to the public 
angle. We also agree that there is a sense that this may impact other projects 
like this, because, if something can be upstage basis, reasonability, a public 
interest angle. Probably nothing much will work in the country insofar as large 
infrastructure projects are concerned. We are appreciative of your position. 
We understand that and probably through the review quotation in other ways. 

The idea is to go back and say, the basic fundamentals of a contract needs to 
be recognized and honored, otherwise things will not work so that we are.  
 
Sanjeev Damani 
 
One more submission. See, all the commercial organizations are here to make 
profit. The profit depends on the number of cars that are flying, when it was 
estimated to charge an X amount, the estimation of cars moving every day 
would have been an X amount, and now it may be X into 10, and x into 50. 
So, if the revenue goes up, It is the good luck of the Contractee to gain more 
and if the cars would have been less than our profits would have been reduced. 
So, I mean, all these argument should hold good in the eyes of law. I feel so, 
sir, so I am submitting all these things that our we should make a very strong 
case, and all these things should be given in writing as well as explained. I 
think we will have a chance, otherwise we are losing everything, and perhaps 
we will lose a very good national asset which is connecting Delhi to Noida, 
and I think still so many cars are flying there. 
 
Sanjay Kohli 
 
So, Mr. Chatterjee, this is again to reiterate Mr. Thakkar’s point, that if you 
were to have a press conference, then a lot of these things, there'll be even 
depth in which we can look at this one of the points I want to make. The 
business editors when being approached by the journalists to sort of cover. 
This story, from our point of view, are not  touching it, because this whole 
thing notion of this, infrastructure contracts are different now. It was then, and 
what they're saying is that this learning experience has happened and contracts 
are better now, so please don't stay in a myth that intra investments are not 
coming. They are coming on new conditions. But of course, in principle, if 
these new conditions become old 15 years from now. And as one of the 
shareholders, Mr. Kapoor made this point, that again, someone comes and 
says, we are not going to. They've made enough made enough profit, and we 
don't want to pay. So, we have to tie all these things together. This government 
policy also, which was not this of the National Monetization plan. About 3 
years ago, 2 central ministers have basically tried to assure the opposition that 
look. These assets are not permanently going to go in the private sector. They 
go in for a fixed period of time, and then they come back, and then we rebid 
so. How do we put all this in perspective? 
 
Rakesh Chatterjee 
 
Basically, we are having this conference. From the point of view of what 
needs to be done next, which is, everybody agrees the review petition. We 
have gone through all these things all the comments, and the shareholders 
have shared and we agree to most of them. The point is, ultimately we can 
keep discussing on these aspects till are covered. But at the end of the day 
what can go into a review petition needs to be that will more or less decide 
right what's put up and what gets discussed, I would suggest and that's what I 
believe is this will be a stage process. Today, we have to file a review petition 
to get that toehold right. Now, if your review petitions come in a certain form, 
and you can only raise a couple of things which are allowed, others are not. 
So let's get that toehold. Explain the basics and then see to it to what extent 
all these can over a period of time, if necessary, get dovetailed, because if we 
are going to put everything in the review petition, which does not allow much 
to be said. It will fall flat. So let's take it once at a time. And, as I said, a lot of 
people are saying, Let's start the arbitration. Let's understand what's coming 
up the review. Then we can start the arbitration because everything is 
interlocked right. The moment one thing moves without you is reviewing. To 
ask for the toll is absolutely meaningless. 
 
Bipin 
 
When all the judges are extremely clear, they are not going to introduce Toll 
there because of illegalities committed by NOIDA. I think, we should be just 
simply asking that NOIDA honor its commitments as per the contract. That's 
it, and take the money as per the contract, and move away. So let's not even 
ask for the toll. We will move to arbitration. Arbitration will take care of all 
requirements, because we want the contact to be honored. 
 
Sanjay Kohli 
 
Even as an aggrieved shareholder, I'm moving the review through my 
advocates, and there, of course, limited grounds on which you can't start 
making the whole arguments again about the merits of the so there are glaring. 
We feel there are glaring Miss Errors apparent from the with the records 
presented which need to be rectified and hopefully, we, those will be. 

Sanjeev Damani 
 
One question, that some lands were attached to this project, which were to be 
commercially exploited. Is that correct? And what is the meaning of having 
it? 
 
Dheeraj Kumar 
 
That's correct understanding there. There are certain parcel of land available 
with the company. However, those parcels of land has not been exploited. 
They have not been allowed to be developed commercially. Sir, just to go in 
the background. Concession agreement as per concession agreement and land 
lease agreement has been signed. Some land parcel is available with the 
company as per provisions of the concession. The recovery was to be made 
through a user fee or alternate source of revenue, which is development. 
Income development income refers to income generated through other 
sources, like advertisement or commercial exploitation of the land available 
with the company. Company since inception, because the company was 
incurring loss, has requested for those for granting those rights so that 
company could start generating development income. The money, the land, 
physically might be with the company right, but to develop it needs a 
permission from the land. It cannot be developed without that permission. 
 
Dhyan 
 
So this land to be developed is that part of the arbitration asking that right 
develop the land. And what is the lease period for this and What is the least 
period up to? 
 
Dheeraj Kumar 
 
So for that we have even argued the case in audible Supreme Court for 
allowing us to develop the land parcel and it is co-terminus with the 
concession. 
 
Siddhartha Bahuguna 
 
I just to know, there is this thing of arbitration and the review petition. But 
apart from this, you would declared that the board has decided to tender the 
shares through an open market offer. Now, what is that? Is that also happening 
in the background? 
 
Dheeraj Kumar 
 
Sir. With due respect, that decision has been taken by the sponsor of this 
company, NTBCL has no role in this process, except for providing certain 
information, we cannot comment on that aspect. 
 
Sanjeev Damani 
 
If shareholders can sign review, can they join as another party? If that is so, 
then I think we are all ready, I think, to submit our submissions, either through 
email or by a registered post. Our letters can be included and can be put there, 
that we all also are very affected party, regarding shareholders, participation 
shareholders, participation in joining such review petitions, or making a case 
so kindly suggest something about that. Secondly,  the recording of these 
proceedings, if can be loaded on BSE, NSE. It will be a great help, sir. 
 
Dheeraj Kumar 
 
Yes, sir, all together (on recording). We can't advise what your individual 
rights would be. So, we just restrict our advice to what the company can do. 
 
Ketan  
 
Yeah. But as minority of all the shareholders join, they can also nominate a 
director and also be a party to it. 
 
Sameer Joshi 
 
Then why not file a criminal case against NOIDA official for this defunct 
agreement, as specified by Supreme Court? 
 
Gagan Singhal 
 
So now, after the long and healthy discussion, we would like to conclude this 
call, please. 
 
Sanjeev Damani 
 
Thanks, the company and the management for holding this meeting. Really, 
it is something good that you initiated, and you allowed us to participate and 
have questions. Thank you very much, sir. You can kindly go with your 
concluding remarks. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thanks to all the shareholders who attended this conference and raise their 
questions, and provided their observation and suggestions. So, we would like 
to call this close. Thank you. Everybody. 
 
 
