Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
CIN - L65929TG2003PLC040648 
Galaxy, Wing B, 16th Floor, Plot No.1, Sy No 83/1, Hyderabad Knowledge City,  
TSIIC, Raidurg Panmaktha, Hyderabad – 500081, Telangana 
Ph: +9140-45474750 | contact@spandanasphoorty.com | www.spandanasphoorty.com 
 
 
Ref: SSFL/Stock Exchange/2024-25/140 
 
January 29, 2025 
 
 
To 
 
BSE Limited, 
Department of Corporate Services 
P. J. Towers, 25th Floor, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001 
 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
 
Scrip Code: 542759 
Symbol: SPANDANA 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of conference call held on Thursday, January 23, 2025. 
 
Ref: letter No. SSFL/Stock Exchange/2024-25/129 dated January 20, 2025. 
 
In furtherance to our above-mentioned letter, please find enclosed herewith a transcript of the conference call 
held on Thursday, January 23, 2025, to discuss the financial and operational performance of the Company for 
Q3 FY25. 
 
The aforesaid information shall also be made available on the website of the Company at 
www.spandanasphoorty.com. 
 
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
 
Vinay Prakash Tripathi 
Company Secretary  
 
Encl: As Above 
 
 
Vinay Prakash 
Tripathi
Digitally signed by 
Vinay Prakash Tripathi 
Date: 2025.01.29 
11:02:19 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 25 
 
 
 
 
 
“Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
Q3 FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 23, 2025 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on January 23, 2025 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHALABH SAXENA – MANAGING 
 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
SPANDANA SPHOORTY FINANCIAL LIMITED 
 
MR. ASHISH DAMANI – PRESIDENT AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – SPANDANA SPHOORTY 
FINANCIAL LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 25 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited Q3 
FY '25 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
and zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
A standard disclaimer. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date 
of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shalabh Saxena, MD and CEO. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Thank you very much, Sagar. Good evening to all of you. Wishing all of you a very happy and 
prosperous New Year and a very happy in advance, the 76th Republic Day. The management 
team at Spandana is thankful you for your interest in Spandana and for taking time out to join 
us on this call. 
 
Most of you would have gone through the quarter 3 results that have been uploaded on the stock 
exchanges a couple of hours ago. All of you are aware that since the beginning of the financial 
year, the microfinance industry in India has been going through a slightly difficult operating 
environment, owing to a multitude of factors. However, before we dwell on those factors, let me 
take a step back and give you a context of what was the strategy we at Spandana adopted and 
what were we trying to deliver through it. And then we'll come to the results. Way back in July 
2022, when we presented our Vision Document, we had identified a few key levers which we 
felt were important for the company to grow sustainably. The first was geographic concentration. 
Spandana's portfolio was concentrated then in a few states, which was a key business risk. 
 
To address this, Spandana expanded its presence in predominantly northern states like Bihar, 
Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan where we did not have a meaningful presence. As a consequence 
of this expansion, the share of top 4 states in our portfolio reduced from 57% then to about 50% 
by end of December '24. 
 
So hence, we tried as per the articulated strategy, we tried reducing the concentration and 
spreading it across to the regions that we were not present, which was predominantly the 
Northern region. Point number two, we are a firm believer that weekly is a better microfinance 
model giving the organization opportunity to engage few times in a year with the borrower. In 
times of stress, it is easier for the borrower to pay a smaller installment. All new microfinance 
branches, hence, which we opened during the past 2 years have had a repayment schedule, which 
was weekly. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 25 
 
 
And by the end of December '24, these branches contributed about 14% to the AUM. And on a 
regular basis, about 20% to 25% on new disbursements. Parallelly, we also launched Project 
Parivartan which was to move the existing borrowers who were in the monthly branches from 
monthly repayment schedule to a weekly repayment schedule. However, we have identified and 
we have been informing you that there were implementation difficulties on the field, which 
resulted in elevated flows from these branches. 
 
We have paused Project Parivartan now, in fact, we did it a couple of quarters back. However, 
we will pick this up in the next few quarters when the business stabilizes because we do believe 
that weekly is the right model to go in the future. Point number three, muted ticket sizes, shorter 
tenures and customer acquisition-led growth have been the cornerstone of our growth strategy 
over the past 2 years. 
 
The maximum ticket size that we offer is INR80,000 and the maximum tenure that we offer is 
24 months. We don't offer any loan beyond 24 months, and we do believe that in the 
microfinance environment, this is the right thing to do. While we added about 9 lakh new 
customers in FY '23 and about 14 lakh customers in FY '24, respectively, in the current financial 
year, and we've kept you updated as well, we have slowed down our customer acquisition owing 
to the industry challenges and have added only about 3.3 lakh borrowers so far this year. This is 
a part of design. This is a part of the articulated strategy that we have for this year, given the 
situation that the industry is in and we are in. Now that brings me back to the challenges that the 
microfinance industry in India is going through in the current financial year. 
 
As we had alluded to in our previous earnings call, there are a number of factors that are playing 
out simultaneously across the country. The first is branch staff level attrition across the industry. 
It continues to remain elevated. Point number two, with easy availability of credit, many 
customers, many borrowers had availed loans from multiple institutions causing stress in their 
financial position. This has resulted in increased delinquencies across.  
Point number three, post-COVID, there has been erosion of discipline amongst borrowers with 
fewer of them turning up for center meetings as compared to earlier. So there has been a drop in 
the center meeting attendance over the past couple of years. Group cohesion has suffered as a 
consequence resulting in individual door knock for collections, thus substantially increasing 
collection pressure on the branch staff. 
 
Point  number 4 is the external influence, which is a mix of various localized as well as national 
level occurrences, which have happened over the past 3 quarters. This also includes the debt 
waiver movements, and there are some local challenges in small pockets across states like 
Karnataka, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Orissa, Uttar Pradesh and few other states. 
 
If you look at Slide 5 of the investor presentation, we have dissected the microfinance portfolio 
into zones and clearly South India appears relatively better than North India. Most of our 
expansion over the last 2 years was in North India, and this has added a dimension to our current 
performance. Having said so, we do see green shoots emerging in December '24. We have a 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 25 
 
slide on this in the investor presentation, but I'll kind of elaborate. Our current book, which is a 
customer who was standard or not in arrear, the net collection efficiency has shown a trend 
reversal in December. 
 
In December, we saw 2.2% of flows from the X bucket, which is the current bucket into arrears, 
which has improved from 3.6% in November. So 3.6% flow has gone down to 2.2%. Any 
improvement in current book indicates a smaller pool which flows into the subsequent buckets. 
As this trend solidifies, we expect delinquencies and forward flows to reduce. 
 
And while we are already 22 days, today is the 23rd day of January, we continue to see the same 
trend as we saw in December and probably slightly better in quite a few geographies. So if this 
solidifies into a proper concrete trend, then I think we will be sure that the reversal has happened. 
Point number two, efforts on the field to engage with branch staff has shown some improvement 
in attrition rate during the quarter. 
 
Our annualized LO and BM attrition was 60% and 30%, respectively. While I'm cognizant of 
the fact that a 60% Loan Officer attrition is way beyond the expectation where in a normalized 
scenario, we were anywhere around 40% to 45%. However, we are taking steps to ensure that 
the Loan Officer level attrition is curtailed. The Branch Manager attrition at 30% annualized is 
more or less very near to the normal, which was about anywhere between 25% to 29%. 
 
As we have highlighted in our previous calls, attrition leads to a disruption in the center meeting 
and borrower discipline because it's the Loan Officer and the old, seasoned Loan Officer who is 
able to drive all these initiatives and any new person taking this initiative, taking charge, 
obviously takes his or her own time to come up the curve. So that was the disruption that 
happened. 
 
We were impacted by this. However, things are improving now. This should hopefully have a 
positive impact in the coming quarters. Point number three, we've added a control layer in 75% 
of the branches and are seeing strong traction in branch process hygiene factors like center 
meeting monitoring, customer engagement, following up for missed payments on due dates, 
checking the CGT, GRT process, etcetera, are some of the many things that the control employee 
whos stationed at the branches is supposed to be doing. 
 
We've hired this layer for the last, and we've kept on increasing it for the last about 5 months, 6 
months, and we are seeing good results of it. We'll continue driving this and we will ensure that, 
say, in the next 1 quarter, we will have all our branches manned by the branch quality manager. 
The green shoots are encouraging, and we are doubling our efforts to strengthen business -- 
strengthen the business fundamentals, thus setting up the organization for future growth. 
 
Another point which is very critical is the recovery from the delinquent pool. Recovery from 
delinquent pool is one major focus area where we believe borrowers will repay as the stress 
abates and once the industry adopts the slightly tighter credit rules. On analysis of the delinquent 
portfolio, which is the GNPA pool and upwards, we have seen that a large portion of customers 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 25 
 
are seasoned and vintage customers, who are probably not currently in a position to pay. 
However, their intent is okay. 
 
It is an ability issue, it is a capability issue. We believe that a separate team engaging with them 
would help us get the results on this pool. Hence, a dedicated recovery team of 600 has been 
following up with the borrowers to recover dues. The team of 600 has just been beefed up and 
has been increased. However, we are seeing an encouraging trend over the past 3 quarters with 
about INR21 crores recovered in quarter 3 alone. 
 
The trend has further continued in January, where the recovery so far has been equivalent to the 
full month of December. So we are on track, and this is something that we will pursue for the 
next minimum 4 quarters. We plan to take the count of dedicated recovery team to about 1,000 
by March '25. 
 
The team is actively assisted by the various tele calling infrastructure who encourage borrowers 
to repay their dues and improve their credit record. While we had a team pursuing this portfolio 
until now, we are increasing the team size as we see more potential in the recoveries from this 
pool in the coming quarters.  
As the external situation improves, we want to be ready with enough capital to drive future 
growth. We have been maintaining about 17% of assets as cash and equivalents, which provides 
us with enough liquidity to meet all the organizational obligations. The capital position of the 
company is strong as is evident from the CRAR of 35.7%. The Board, taking in view the future 
growth has given an approval to raise up to INR750 crores of confidence capital. While we are 
in no immediate need of capital, however, considering the market conditions, the company will 
raise the said confidence capital at an appropriate time, and we will initiate the steps now. 
 
Now over to the results. The current trends, while they are encouraging and operations should 
normalize, hopefully by end of quarter 2 of next year. Because we have not come across any 
structural changes, either in the rural demand or long-term dip in the economic activity or the 
macroeconomic outlook. Let me now move to regular business updates.  
Business drivers.  
 
During the quarter, the company adopted a cautious approach to lending. We followed a cautious 
approach because of the fluid situation in the market and hence had curtailed our disbursements 
considerably. Our disbursement for the quarter was INR1,443 crores, a Y-o-Y decline of 43% 
and a 5% quarter-on-quarter decline. AUM at the end of quarter 3 was INR8,936 crores 
registering a decline of 14% Y-o-Y. 
 
The AUM is an outcome of disbursements as all of us know, and we are confident that once the 
dust settles, we'll be back to driving growth. With the pause in customer acquisition in almost 
about 800 branches and pausing onboarding new to credit borrowers, our total customer 
acquisition for the quarter was about 47,000 customers. The new business that we had launched, 
our LAP and Nano business, which we started a year ago under our subsidiary, Criss Financial 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 25 
 
is growing steadily. During the last quarter, we crossed the 10,000 borrower milestone and an 
AUM of INR180 crores. 
 
These products are offered in 6 states and across 105 branches. The portfolio quality under both 
these products continues to be strong. We continue to believe in the strong market potential of 
these products.  
Now we move to portfolio quality. We continue to maintain provisioning at 80%. We believe 
this is among the highest in the industry. GNPA at the end of the quarter was 4.85%, an increase 
of 324 bps Y-o-Y. 
 
Sequentially, the GNPA was flat. Likewise, our NNPA for the quarter was 0.98%, flat against 
September of '24. On the liability and marginal cost of borrowing, including the borrowing mix. 
During the quarter, we borrowed INR872 crores. The borrowings were calibrated keeping in 
view disbursements and the organization's liquidity requirement. All of you are aware of the 
qualifying asset criteria that has to be maintained and hence, more prudence on the borrowing 
side. 
 
Our marginal cost of borrowing for the quarter was 12.2%, which was about 8 bps lower than 
the previous year and about 41 bps higher than the previous quarter. Likewise, if I look at the 
borrowing mix, we now have a more healthy mix with banks contribution increasing to 55% at 
the end of quarter 3.  
The quarter 3 FY '25 financial performance. The net interest income for the quarter was INR265 
crores over INR309 crores reported for quarter 3 of last year. NII was lower by 22% over the 
last quarter. PPOP for the quarter was INR78 crores, which is down 67% Y-o-Y. The decline in 
PPOP was largely on account of shrinking loan book and increase in the opex because of the  
bench strength that we've created. Yield on the portfolio was down 291 bps Y-o-Y to 21.1%, 
yield declined by 128 bps over the previous quarter. And we'll cover in the various questions 
that we get asked on the details of the yield. NIM for the quarter was 11.3%, down 195 bps Y-
o- Y. NIMs declined as a result of decline in yield and increase in the cost of borrowing. We are 
consistently working towards improving our cost of borrowing. The company reported a net loss 
of INR440 crores for the quarter on account of higher provisions. We will once again, in the -- 
during the call, we'll break this INR440 crores to you so that you have a better sense of what 
was the contribution into this INR440 crores. 
 
Given the challenges, we'll continue to maintain a cautious stand until the green shoots solidify 
into concrete trends. We are optimistic that the situation should normalize by end of quarter 1 or 
beginning of quarter 2 of FY '26. We are maintaining an agile approach and are implementing 
steps where necessary. We are also closely monitoring outcomes thereof. We continue to be 
prudent in our approach to lending, ensuring that our portfolio is well diversified, while staying 
conservative on ticket sizes and customer indebtedness. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 25 
 
 
The entire management team of Spandana is thankful for the consistent feedback that we have 
been receiving from all of you. This brings me to the end of my commentary. We look forward 
to your continued support, and we are ready for the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our first question comes from Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama. Please 
go ahead.  
Mahrukh Adajania: 
So I just had a couple of questions that the new guardrails and one will be implemented in April 
as well. How will that put further pressure on asset quality in the first quarter? So you're talking 
about things peaking out in the first quarter, right? Does that include the impact of any 
guardrails? 
 
Or how do we view it? That's my first question. And secondly, that growth will slow down. This 
was a discussion at another call also. Growth will slow down post new guardrails. So what kind 
of AUM growth can we build for FY '26? I know longer term, it would pick up across the cycle. 
But just for FY '26, because already, in the fourth quarter, we won't expect much growth. So on 
the exit AUM, what is the kind of growth that we could build in? That's my next question. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
So thanks, Mahrukh. Your first question was around guardrails. As we speak, we already, as an 
industry, have implemented the guardrails one, which came into effect from July where there 
were various criteria which were laid down on the guardrail one, of which the primary one was 
the number of lenders, which was restricted to 4. So you can be the fourth, you cannot be the 
fifth. 
 
So while, yes, in the short term, it does create an impact because if you go back to post-COVID 
for the past 2 years, there have been instances where there were customers who were arrear and 
delinquent with somebody else still getting loans with some companies where they either they 
had a relationship or they didn't have. So that was the environment which the customers had 
gotten use to, which now obviously with the guardrail implementation and stricter enforcement 
of the -- what kind of customers you can acquire at -- from a delinquency or a DPD bucket level. 
I think it kind of in the long term helps restore some discipline across the industry, including the 
customers. 
 
So it was a good thing to happen. And in spite of that, you are seeing that uptick, as I mentioned 
in December. And when I say uptick, it is across the industry. And I've spoken to a few people, 
everybody has experienced this trajectory going up. So yes, Mahrukh, and then in April, there's 
a guardrail 2 coming where the number of lenders comes down from 4 to 3. Will it have an 
impact? 
 
The answer is, yes, in the short term, 110%. In the long term, however, you are back to bringing 
discipline to the customer. What it also does is that across 2 enterprises, if a customer is current 
with somebody and and a delinquent or an arrear customer is somebody else, she will have to 
ensure that her arrear account is clear for her to be eligible to borrow from any entity. There are 
rules in terms of the customer should not be more than 60 DPD if you have to give a loan, 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 25 
 
etcetera. We've gone slightly ahead from -- instead of 60, we are saying we are getting it down 
to 30. And then I just answer this as to and I'll qualify why. 
 
What happens Mahrukh, is that in a situation as this, it is better to err on the side of caution 
rather than really kind of going overboard when it comes to deciding as to which customer to 
lend. And hence, to your second question on the growth and what will be the AUM. My guess 
is year '26 will be a mix of consolidation, discipline and growth. It will not just be a growth, 
number one. 
 
Number two, because the first quarter, second quarter, there could be an impact. Either way, 
Mahrukh, you are also aware. First quarter is typically a very mute quarter because companies 
lenders do get into the groove. There are -- the situation is such that the first quarter is never 
high on from the lender side as well. So it's a good time to kind of enforce this. 
 
And while we've kind of taken that extra step in terms of doing it now, but the industry, when it 
happens in April, probably at best, well the customers will take about a quarter to kind of settle, 
post which then all customers will have to do is to be prudent and they'll have to balance their 
portfolio in terms of where to borrow and which loans to kind of conclude. 
 
So yes, long answer to your question, but the answer is, we will as an industry, we will have to 
kind of take it as it is because this is a marathon. This is not a 100 meters or this is not a T20. So 
yes, it could impact 1 quarter even a 2 for that matter. But then long term, it's good. It'll build 
sustainability in the business, and it will help us. To your specific question in terms of what are 
we targeting, I think we should -- I mean the year has still not ended. But I think a growth of 
around 15% is a good number to target from our year-end numbers. That's a good number. 
 
And then we'll see how the year progresses because when this year started, we did not know 
how things were moving. We did not know what was coming. FY '26, obviously, we are better 
prepared. And it's always good to kind of be cautious. And if things improve quarter 3, quarter 
4, we will kind of relook at it. But at this point in time, I think a 15% exit number FY '26 of 
about INR10,000 crores of AUM should be a good number to target. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
In the next quarter -- I mean, in the current quarter, the AUM will consolidate, right? Because 
the focus is still on cleanup. Is that a fair view? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Your question is right. And the answer is, yes. The current focus of our company is to ensure we 
get the portfolio right. This year also has taught a lot of lessons to everybody, including us in 
terms of how much to grow, where to grow, which areas to target, which pockets to target. A 
bureau check at the time of loan is not the be all or end all, you have to keep track of the customer 
and so on and so forth. So lot of realignment will happen in terms of geographies. I mentioned 
in my commentary that South behaved slightly better than north. But does not mean it will 
behave every time the same. 
 
So you have to calibrate your strategies, basis – the customer experience and the customers 
repayment behavior over these last 3 quarters. Once we have that, we will know exactly where 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 25 
 
to grow. But as I say, the environment also has to kind of warm up to this whole new world. And 
I think I'm reasonably confident that 1 quarter or at best 2 quarters is good enough for things to 
stabilize and then we kind of move on. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Shreepal Doshi from Equirus. Please go ahead.  
Shreepal Doshi: 
My question was on the X bucket collection efficiency for states like Bihar, Karnataka and MP, 
which happens to be the key states for us. So if you can just highlight this kind of trend for these 
states. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
This is the X bucket collection efficiency, the 97.8%, that is in Slide 5 or 6. That's the one you're 
talking about, right? 
Shreepal Doshi:  
Yes, yes, that is for the whole company, right? I mean I'm talking about these three – four states. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Yes, yes, yes. I got it. I got it. So Bihar is about 30, 35 bps lower. Karnataka this month, last 
month was okay, this month is experiencing a bit of -- and you would have read news about 
whatever is happening. But that should settle because there is a lot of interventions. So that 
should settle hopefully by end of this month. But Karnataka this month is clocking slightly about 
30, 40 bps lower than the number that you see. What were the other states, Bihar, Karnataka 
and... 
Shreepal Doshi: 
MP and Maharashtra? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Maharashtra is okay, MP is okay. Yes, MP, Maharashtra are in -- I mean, give 5 or 10 bps here 
and there, they are almost clocking at the national average. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Bihar is trending a bit lower. That is very, very clear. The team says that this month, they catch 
up with the country. Currently, they are at a lower number. Karnataka last month was okay. This 
month is about 30, 40 bps lower. The other 2 states are just around the national average. Nothing 
of concern. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it. And sir, just one question was on this flow rates. So basically if you could highlight the 
PAR 0 number or PAR 1 to 30 DPD number for us for this quarter and for the last quarter 
because you highlighted 31 to 180 DPD, but if you could also give details about 1 to 30 DPDs 
number? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
So, Shreepal, yes, Shreepal, the 1 to 30 number last quarter was about INR527 crores. This 
quarter, the closing number was about INR348 crores. So that number has been coming down. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it. That is helpful. Sir, second question was on this -- we've not been able to meet the RBI 
requirement of 75% for microfinance loans. If you could just give some clarification on that 
particular aspect? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Shreepal, the qualifying assets is a metric which needs to be met. I'm sure it's on the balance 
sheet level, you have to have 75% of your lending to be qualifying assets. Now in the current 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 25 
 
situation, we had deliberately slowed down the disbursements. That had an impact on the 
qualifying assets. Plus we have been holding cash on the balance sheet, which obviously then as 
a percentage became higher than whatever the threshold could have been at the end of this thing. 
So these metrics in the current situation, go for a toss for a little bit, and we are already working 
with the regulator on the aspect. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it, sir. Got it. Sir, just one last question was on branch expansion side. So while we are going 
through turbulent times on maintaining our books, what is the reason or what is the thought 
process behind adding these branches even during this quarter? And I see that the branches that 
you added, large number is in the -- based on monthly collection model? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Yes. So Shreepal, we -- these branches that you're talking about are split branches. They are not 
-- I mean, while they are technically new branches, but when a portfolio grows beyond INR10 
crores INR12 crores, that is beyond the threshold of our comfort because it becomes difficult to 
manage. So all the new branches that we have opened this year, this entire year, not just this 
quarter, are all split branches. This year, by end of the year, I think we should have about 105 or 
106 new branches, but all of them will be split. They are not absolutely brand new. They come 
with the portfolio already. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
So my first question is given that there are green shoots now in December, and you said that 
things are looking similar in January. Based on your conversations, do you think is there an 
outside chance that the implementation of the MFIN guardrail 2.0 can be permanently deferred? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
No. So Abhijit, look, I can't speak for MFIN. We have given our position clearly. And there is 
no reason to not believe whatever deadline that MFIN has given. So it has been deferred from 
January to April. As far as we are concerned, we've gone that extra mile. I think we've put it out 
-- put out a slide and we have a section in the slide where we say that we will restrict ourselves 
to 3 lenders. 
 
Obviously, it's purely internal and voluntary because we do believe that it's important to take 
these slightly more tighter norms. I know there will be an impact. There will be a higher 
rejection. But at this stage, I think we have to ward this time by being overcautious rather than 
going the other way. So as far as we are concerned, we are already in line. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. And then a related question on one of the slides, you've given out the lender overlap, the 
Spandana, Spandana plus 1, 2, 3, 4. So intuitively one would have thought that given that 
guardrails 1.0 had already been implemented, the customers with Spandana plus 4 or Spandana 
greater than 4 could have come down. Is there a denominator effect that we are seeing that 13.8% 
in October has moved to 15.8%? 
Ashish Damani: 
Yes, absolutely right, Abhijit. So there are 2 metrics which are pushing the number higher. One 
is the denominator because the customers who are paying off falling off from the numbers clearly 
impacts this. The second is if you know our existing customers who are there at, let's say 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 25 
 
Spandana plus 3 or whatever and have taken a loan. Then probably there is another reason why 
the numbers will slip from the higher rows into the lower rows. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Sir, but now that as an industry, no one is giving loans to the customers who have four loans 
already, right? Then how are some of these customers able to get a fresh loan? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
No, no. What is the guardrail 1, you cannot be the fifth lender. You can be the fourth lender. The 
entire industry, still not every customer has already reached the brim. So there are customers at 
various stages. And they will progress towards whichever way. 
 
So the loans are there. It is just that -- see it is a credit demand, high demand segment, where the 
day you want to switch on the loan tap, it will start coming. At this stage, obviously, in spite of 
the eligibility of the customer, at least I speak for ourselves, we are being cautious. And likewise, 
there are few more who are cautious. 
 
So it is not about whether customers are able to take a loan or not. It is about how much is the 
willingness of the lender in this situation to kind of go overboard on the lending side. So it's a 
tough one, Abhijit, but I guess this should be -- we have to wait it out for 1 quarter, 1.5 and then 
let's see how things go. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. And just one last question for you. And Ashish, sir. Sir, I mean you said that by end of 
1Q or early 2Q things should normalize. Given that, I mean, we are seeing some green shoots in 
the sector. Add to that the fact that maybe April onwards when MFIN guardrails 2.0 get 
implemented. So next 6 months, how should the trend be is what I'm kind of trying to 
understand? 
 
Have you been able to get some handle on what could be the credit cost now over the next couple 
of quarters? And for you, Ashish, sir, I mean, while we've managed to keep our GNPA number 
at almost same levels as last quarter. Except GNPAs, have there been any other covenant 
breaches that you have seen? 
Ashish Damani: 
So I'll answer first. There have not been any other breaches that we have seen. It's all related to 
quarterly profitability that we had and the tangible net worth bit, which is obviously records, 
even the write-offs is taken into the consideration. So that is how those are the 2, but otherwise, 
nothing else. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
And Shalabh sir, my first question where I asked how the next 6 months are going to trend, given 
what we've seen in December and January? And if we are... 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Yes. So Abhijit, I was just in the process of -- and after I finish your question, there was a 
question that Shreepal had asked, which I had kind of given an approximate answer. I have the 
answer. So I'll give that answer after I'll finish your question. So the next 6 months, I'll just 
stretch it 2Q which is this quarter and the Q1, and I'll add the Q2 as well of next year. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 25 
 
 
My guess is that one should kind of just hold the fort on the ongoing -- the disbursements have 
to start. The disbursement story has to start, goes without saying because you have to meet the 
customer demand, but you have to do cherry picking as far as your customers are concerned. 
That's number one. Number two is, the portfolio quality and driving the discipline. 
 
This is, in fact, should have been number one, which is driving the center meeting discipline in 
the JLG model that most of the industry follows. It is extremely critical that this door knock 
model, which is the customers being difficult in terms of attending the center meetings has to be 
kind of curtailed and we have to ensure that the customer comes and turns up at the center 
meeting because door knock is a very inefficient way of operating this model. And frankly, for 
the number of customers that all of us deal with, we are at about some almost 3 million 
customers. Even a 10% is a good, good number, which is very difficult to manage. So not a 
viable model from an employee stress perspective and even operational efficiency. So because 
right now, while we are preparing our powder for the next 2 quarters on the growth side. 
 
However, this -- the opex, etcetera, and the cost to income have to kind of size down to more 
manageable levels and better levels. So the -- my sense is next 2 quarters, 3 quarters, at least, we 
will try to ensure that the current center meeting attendance of about 55% to 60% or 55% to 59% 
has to go and go back to about 70%, 75%. And then from there on, we kind of take it forward. 
That's number one. 
 
Number two is the portfolio quality, which is customers in arrear, have to kind of be brought 
back to the current levels. And the customers, the sizable number of customers who've flown 
into the GNPA bucket for whatever reason, for the right or the not so right reason, we have to 
ensure that the recoveries fall in line, which is the one of the slides that -- or one of the graphs 
that we put out in the investor presentation. 
 
So that is something because when we look at the profile and the demographics of the customer 
, we are talking of customers with significant vintage -- who are obviously hard pressed on 
fulfilling their liabilities across all financiers. So they pick and choose. For example, we have a 
good set of customers who pay only to us but don't pay to somebody else and likewise, it's the 
other way around as well. 
 
So the customers also in these times when they are short on money, they are sequencing their 
payments, probably loans where, which are shorter and where their loan termination is around 
the corner. They will first clear off that loan and then move over to the next financier. So that is 
what is happening at the customer side. But just to give you a softer input, around November is 
what we saw from a trend point and a customer from a trend and a customer engagement point 
of view. 
 
Customers have started coming back in terms of engaging with our loan officers and branch 
managers in terms of when is the center meeting, when do I come, when -- how much is my 
arrears. So they have started getting into those conversations because the new loans, obviously, 
they are finding it difficult to get. So that's a good development, and that is where back to the 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 25 
 
guardrail 1 and the guardrail 2, which is going to come in April. Yes, initially, it is a bit of a -- 
because they are used to a particular way of operation, which obviously no more exists or that 
environment does not exist. 
 
So 3 broad things before I conclude. First is discipline, JLG discipline, number one. Number 
two, employee welfare, very, very critical. You have to ensure that the employees are taken care 
of so that they hang around to lead your revival, that's number two. Number 3 is complete focus 
on portfolio quality, which is making the customers aware about how they need to kind of ensure 
that the credit worthiness is restored and maintained. 
 
And the fourth is taking care of the disbursements and the needs of the customer to ensure that 
they are able to fulfill their business requirements. This is our focus and our priorities depending 
on companies, the 1, 2, 3, 4 can be 3, 2,4, 1 or whichever way. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. This is very, very useful. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Thank you. And Shreepal, I know you are on the call. You asked for that -- those questions. I 
have the numbers now. So our national average is 97.84% on the x bucket. Bihar is 97.55%, 
Karnataka is 96.37%, Madhya Pradesh is 98.52%, Maharashtra is 98.84%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Renish from ICICI. Please go ahead.  
Renish: 
Sir, my first question is on the net collection efficiency, which stood at 90.7%. If you can give 
some insights on how this net collection is moving month-on-month and maybe December, how 
it is and can Jan maybe first 15 days. So if you can just share qualitative comments on that. 
Ashish Damani: 
So hi Renish, so December number, like Shalabh said, is 97.8% and it was disclosed... 
Renish: 
No sir, I was talking about the net collection efficiency, not x bucket? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Yes. So the x buckets also, while we  will give you -- we will -- from a trending point of view, 
we are seeing while the -- there is a good movement of about 10% to 12% on the 1 to 30. That's 
number one. What Renish we are also seeing is, and it is actually a little bit of it -- while it's 
good. 
 
The customers who have moved into GNPA, this month, the net collection efficiency has really 
gone up because the customer has started paying back. While they will not come out of that 
GNPA bucket unless they clean up their loan, but that is another one. Specifics we can give -- 
specifics, if you want, we can kind of get into the buckets but from a trending point of view, 
Renish, what we are looking at is squeeze of the complete X bucket, which is what take this to 
99 and then you have the flows of 1% and then target of around 40% to 50% of recovery or 
collection in the 1 to 30. 
 
And then the other or other -- the balance 50 bps kind of flows through or you make efforts to 
hold. But then that is something that you're going to afford to kind of just live with, that's part 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 25 
 
one. Part two is, there is a lot of meat in the GNPA book at this point in time. We have a good 
about almost -- we've done the analysis. 
 
We have about -- for the book that we have, we -- even if we target a good number, and we are 
targeting quarter 4 and quarter 1, a decent number. And we've given trends in the investor deck 
as well. That's something because we've either written off or they're in GNPA. So GNPA is 80% 
provision, written off is 100%. So whatever comes is obviously a straight addition to the bottom 
line. 
Renish: 
Got it. Okay. So sir... 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Want anything specific? Yes, specific you had asked about? 
Renish: 
No, sir. So I was just coming back to that point. So let's say, the net collection efficiency, which 
is 90.7% in this quarter. In a normalized scenario, ideally, where should this settle around 96%, 
97% or? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Yes. So, no 97% is a good number to target and 97% in the short term. And then ideally company 
should try to go anywhere between -- operate anywhere between 97% to 98%. But that 97% to 
98% is probably two or three early quarters away. Even if we are able to take this number to 
good in the short term from the current 90%, 91% to about 94%, 95% in the say, next 2 to 3 
months and then take that 95% to 97% by, say, end of quarter 1 of next year. I think that will be 
a good trajectory to maintain, and then we hold on and then that's how with a slightly more 
calibrated disbursement approach, I think this is a doable number for the team that we have on 
the grounds. 
Renish: 
Got it. Okay. I'm just, again, hopping back on this question is, since you are mentioning that 
we'll have a normalized quarter by Q2, which means this 91% should reach -- 97% by Q2. And 
hence, there should be at least a percentage point improvement in net collection efficiency over 
the next 6 months. So are we seeing that kind of improvement in Jan or maybe the bulk of 
improvement will happen back ended? 
Ashish Damani: 
So Jan is stable. December, we have seen some improvement. Jan, we're seeing improvement in 
1 to 30 bucket as well as the NPA bucket, like Shalabh was explaining. Other buckets are more 
or less flat. But if the current bucket starts improving, starts going to 99%, then what you have 
to deal with is a finite bucket in the bottom that can be addressed with the measures that we have 
taken on increasing number of people for the collection. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
So Renish, let me just get into the specifics. Your question is a valid number. Instead of -- which 
are the states which are kind of dragging this and which are the states which are kind of pushing 
the numbers up. The states like say, Maharashtra that I think Shreepal spoke about, states like -
- we are hardly there in Haryana, but there are Bihar also for that matter. Bihar is pulling the 
average down. Karnataka is pulling the average down at this point in time. Maharashtra is 
trending very well, which is much, much above the national average. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 25 
 
 
So the approach that we are taking is obviously take every state one at a time because new things 
come up every time. For example, you would be reading things about a particular state, which 
has just kind of happened in the last 2 weeks. It will take another 2, 3 weeks, hopefully, to settle. 
But broadly speaking, slowdown in Bihar from a lending perspective for various reasons that 
have been discussed. UP is pretty okay. Maharashtra is okay. Karnataka should be okay in the 
next 3 to 4 weeks at best. 
 
Rajasthan is trending okay. These are the numbers that we have -- they will start hitting the 98 
point -- the X bucket will start hitting the 99%, if not this month, the next month. And once that 
happens, Renish, then it is a 3-month window where you kind of get the other buckets up. It is 
always the 2 or 3 states, which I have mentioned, which we'll keep an eye on and then let's see 
how this goes. 
Renish: 
Got it. And just last thing from my side on the Criss Financials. So I think in notes, you have 
mentioned that we have written off some INR50 crores. So I'm wondering what this write-off 
pertains to? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
This is the individual. 
Ashish Damani: 
So Criss has a -- total INR750 crores of individual lending, where it's an unsecured lending, the 
borrower profile is just a notch higher than the microfinance borrowers. Largely the business is 
in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana this year. And as all of us are aware, Andhra actually had a 
major flood situation. And you've seen some slippages there. And thus, there is a write-off that 
has come in. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
So the LAP and the Nano that we launched about a year back is an INR180 crores book. That's 
almost a cent percent book. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Rajiv Mehta from Yes Securities. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Shalabh and Ashish, appreciate the company maintaining strong provision coverage on stage 2 
and stage 3 despite the higher flows. My first question is, with the significant increase in loss in 
Q3, in the sustained covanent features, would it force us to raise capital in the very near term 
disregard of the market conditions, so as to get the confidence of the lenders back? And what 
are the ways of capital raise being evaluated and whether a promoter fee would commensurately 
participate in it? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
So Rajiv, I'm not sure, I think you missed my commentary. And in fact, there is a point in... 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Sorry, sorry, I joined the call late. I'm sorry. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Yes. No. Fair enough. So I'll also give a reference to the -- to Slide 8 of our investor presentation. 
Nevertheless, I'll answer your question. We had a Board today, and the Board has approved of 
equity raise of up to about INR750 crores, which is the confidence capital that you spoke about. 
At this point in time, we are at about 35%, 36% of CRAR. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 25 
 
 
So technically and practically the balance sheet does not need capital because it is a very fortified 
and very strong balance sheet. However, from a confidence of all stakeholders, not just lenders, 
it's always good to kind of sit in a good position -- in a comfortable position. And hence, equity 
raise of up to INR750 crores has been approved, that we will evaluate, we will -- it's an enabler. 
The mode, the time, etcetera, obviously, has been left to us and or as we start our journey, we'll 
kind of assess the situation and move accordingly. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
And then Shalabh on the promoter contributing in that? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Yes. We have their support. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Okay. And you also mentioned about the positive trends in collection efficiency and then the 
enabling factors, you mentioned that the center meeting attendance, which is a leading indicator 
has seen some revival. You're talking about some improvement in loan officer attrition as well. 
Can you quantify the improvement that you're seeing in center meeting attendance in the loan 
officer attrition? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Yes. So center meeting attendance, historically I mean, if I take out the last 2 quarters, 2.5 
quarters, if I look at FY '24 H2, and when we used to measure, it used to be about 65%, 60% to 
65%. And people keep on rotating. I mean, it's not that they will remain absent forever. So he 
will attend one then miss the second one. That's where the 60% to 65% comes. And this was 
once again pockets. 
 
Good pockets, we had upwards of 70% and even a 75% to 80%. Weekly obviously trends at 
about 80%, 75% to 80%. But the last or rather this year, we have seen, say, during the elections, 
the attendance go down to 50% or below that number as well. Now what we have started seeing 
is Rajiv, customers engaging with us on their payments, which earlier the engagement was 
slightly tepid. It wasn't really that enthusiastic. 
 
So customers have started returning back asking details of time, asking details of loans, asking 
details for the repayments and so on and so forth. So this is a lead indicator, which also helps 
our people on the ground because we don't want them to be fighting with their hands tied. Once 
the customer starts cooperating, that's the start of a good, healthy engagement with the customer, 
which kind of helps all of us in the long run from an industry point of view. So that is one. 
 
Two is we are seeing, and I think I just answered Renish. We are seeing, even though the 
customer is in the GNPA bucket, we've seen hard numbers kind of increase from a collection 
efficiency point of view in the GNPA bucket. So those are the indicators where which kind of -
- and I gave a long-ish answer to Shreepal also on this and Mahrukh in the initial stages where 
the customer engagement on understanding her sequence of loans and what is the loan 
outstanding and how many loans are outstanding, how many installments are left for the tenure 
to be completed. All these questions, we have seen a tremendous increase at the branch level, 
which kind of gives us the confidence that the Guardrail 1 and even otherwise, a general 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 25 
 
discipline that the entire industry has been kind of enforcing and trying to bring about is yielding 
results. Like always, these things take their own time. 
 
So hence, July implementation of Guardrail 1 we are seeing effect in around November, 
December. Guardrail 2 when it comes in April, we'll have it own -- takes its own time. But long 
term, I think, Rajiv, it's a good traction that we are seeing. And hopefully, the moment it 
solidifies into a pure play trend, that is where we will kind of then move on. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Just one query I had on the collection efficiency. So I think for the whole quarter on a net and a 
gross basis, we have reported collection efficiency of 92% and 94% for the whole portfolio. And 
when you do the write-off, you would do the write-off at the end of the quarter, right? And 
you've written off about INR700-odd crores of portfolio, so which is about 7%, 8% of the overall 
book. And I would presume that this portfolio will be nonpaying completely. And hence, 
mathematically, does your collection efficiently from January onwards improve to 97%, 98% 
on the current portfolio, which is on the books? 
Ashish Damani: 
No. So, the current portfolio would not necessarily move into GNPA and write-off. And hence, 
I don't know if that math is straightforward the way you've said Rajiv. But yes, the -- we have 
been seeing at these customer levels, the improvement happening more month on month and 
that's why that slide has been given on the current portfolio. Overall efficiencies, yes, I agree 
with you. Once you take the write-off book away, the overall percentages should improve going 
forward. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Correct. So my question was on the overall number itself. Got it, Ashish. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Aviral Jain from Siguler Guff. 
Aviral Jain: 
I have two questions. One is when you report the net collection efficiency for the quarter. So -- 
and somebody mentioned on the previous question that you had INR677 crores of write-off on 
the portfolio. So the denominator for the quarter included this written-off book as well. So and 
hence the net book that is left after the write-off will have better collection efficiency in the 
quarter going forward, assuming -- now the denominator has reduced and there's no further 
slippage. Is that the right way to look at it? 
Ashish Damani: 
Aviral, the number given here is after the write-off. If we look at pre write-off the number will 
be slightly lower. And we can give you that number offline. 
Aviral Jain: 
Understood. And secondly, so given the collection efficiency trend what sort of -- and the book 
from a delinquent book perspective is looking very similar to the Q2 book, the Q3 ending book. 
So -- and if the collection efficiency is not improving, can we assume or is it likely that we may 
see a similar credit result or credit provisioning needed plus write-offs in Q4 as what we have 
seen in Q3?  
Shalabh Saxena: 
Yes. So we are still on January 23, Aviral. And the reason while we are continuing to manage 
what we have on hand, it's very important for us to assess how do we chart the coming months 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 25 
 
and quarters. So let me just detail. The fundamental of any organization is that you have to start 
disbursing because it has to be -- it is a growth industry, you have to pursue growth. At the same 
time, while all of us are cognizant that we have calibrated growth and not really a 30%, 40% 
type of a growth. However, you have to start getting into that groove and channel of starting 
normalized distribution. For you to be confident of getting into that channel of normalized 
growth, you have to be confident that the trends are improving and your money is safe. Your 
good money is not going after bad money. So that's extremely critical. That's number two. We 
alluded in detail in -- about 2 or 3 questions we have said that we are seeing that trend. 
 
It is still just one month trend, and January also seems to be trending on similar lines as 
December. So no real surprises. I hope we closed January, if not -- I mean, at least slightly better 
than December. And if this continues, we will see -- we will -- another 2 months, 3 months, I 
think we should be confident to say that now let us push the growth agenda. 
 
So that being in the context, that being the context now to your question in terms of, yes, we are 
where we are, and we'll continue to manage the book, but however, very critical that we kind of 
take decisions every quarter and every month, which have to maintain the balance sheet and 
balance the balance sheet as well as kind of balance our agenda that we have for the enterprise. 
So that's where it stands. And we'll see -- we'll evaluate, too early for us to really start plotting 
the quarter or the next quarter for that matter.  
Aviral Jain: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Jain do you have any other question? 
Aviral Jain: 
Yes, one follow-up question on that. So do we expect or are we seeing any forward flows from 
the quarter end perspective? Or would we see -- even if the collection efficiency stay like where 
it is, it would mean that there is no further flow from where we are on the... 
Ashish Damani: 
So Aviral, I'll take that one. Basically, what we were trying to explain earlier as well is your 
flows from the top have to kind of stabilize above -- I mean, below 1% level. So 99% once you 
get the collection efficiency. Then you have a normalized flow into 1 to 30 and subsequent 
buckets. What we have right now is a very abnormal flow driven by many factors at industry 
level, some, let's say, Spandana's own doing. But once you have that 99%, then there is approach 
that can be arrived to address all the other buckets. 
 
I think we are getting very close to addressing the first part, which is your current bucket. And 
as Shalabh was explaining, we have started working on the other buckets as well the hard buckets 
where we have already seen a lot of improvement. The middle one -- which is your Stage 2, I 
think there also, we will get more time now given that we have added people. We have added 
control teams. 
 
We are going to address it in a more structural manner, even in the Stage 2 buckets. I think right 
now, the team was struggling to bring discipline and a continuity to manage the current bucket 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 25 
 
itself. I think that is now getting addressed and the improvement will start. We'll see -- we'll start 
seeing improvement in the subsequent buckets as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Kunal Shah from Citigroup. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes. So firstly, with respect to the Spandana plus 3 and Spandana plus 4 and more. How is the 
collection efficiency behavior out there, particularly in this portfolio? And how much is already 
there into the Stage 2 bucket? And when we look at it now, given that we know in terms of 
which are these customers, how are we working with them because I think it's almost like 30% 
of our book? 
 
And if it doesn't get renewed or refinanced, there is, again, a risk of this flowing into the -- maybe 
flowing into Stage 2 Stage 3 and write-off. And even like from the earlier bucket, you could see 
some moving because other players would refinance and we might not get a chance. So how 
should we look at this and how industry players are now working with three and more lenders? 
Ashish Damani: 
Yes. So the -- we are just pulling the numbers Kunal, while we speak. But in generic terms, I 
think it is very difficult to say what the industry will do and how the customer would behave. 
Because it's not like all the customers who are in, let's say, Spandana plus 4 are not paying. That's 
not the case. Yes, they are punching above their weight. 
 
Compared to AUM, the delinquencies will be higher in those buckets. So for example, Spandana 
plus 4, I think in the GNPA, the contribution is about 25% compared to the AUM, which is at 
15.8%. So clearly, the weights are higher when you look at the delinquencies or the flows. But 
it's not like everything is into where the customers are not paying. The second point that you 
mentioned that as the guardrails kick in, people stop disbursing. So that disbursement, yes, will 
kick in and will reduce further. But it's not like today, everybody is disbursing to everybody as 
a case. A lot of it -- I'm assuming is already played out where the liquidity has been curtailed to 
customers who are having, let's say, more number of loans. Yes, they are getting some loans, 
but not like what probably was before the guardrails, the case was where people were not looking 
at it all together. I think some more of it will come, but lot of it has already played out in my 
mind. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
So Kunal, just to kind of conclude and I mentioned this point earlier, whether you are a plus 3 
or a plus 1. The customer, given the implementation of the guardrail, will sequence her loan in 
terms of who to give first in case she is short on cash. If not, then obviously, she suffices her 
liability across the finances. 
 
If not then, she'll sequence, but at the end, for her to qualify for a loan and get a loan, she has no 
real option but to kind of ensure that the loans are cleared or the arrear buckets are cleared 
everywhere. So that's our take on slightly the next 3 to 6 quarters. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes. So the question largely was, as Ashish also highlighted, 15-odd percent of INR9,000 would 
be closer to INR1,300-odd crores. And you mentioned like 25% of GNPA, which is hardly like 
INR100-odd crores. So when we look at it on this INR1,300 crores of Spandana plus 4 or equal 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 25 
 
to 4, we just have like INR100-odd crores of GNPA, while I believe when most of the other 
players are sharing the collection efficiency, it seems like there, the collection efficiency would 
be lower than 70-odd percent. So this can easily get added into the Stage 3 and should be more 
of a worry getting into Q1. So I was not very confident as to how this would stabilize in terms 
of the collection efficiency even in 6 months? Yes. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Yes. So you run that risk of either flowing into GNPA? Or -- and as Ashish mentioned, not 
everything which is a plus 4 is a GNPA. Yes, they are -- it is disproportionate to their 
contribution, and that's the point I think you are also making in a different way. I think, yes, that 
we'll have to wait for how things play out. 
 
Because our sense is that the -- there's nothing structurally wrong with either the income levels 
in the markets that we operate or the customer intent because we'll just have to wait it out and 
see how this thing goes. But the past history also is a testimony to the future. I think we should 
see things improving from now on. 
 
Given the fact that with no real depletion in incomes, it is now a pure play, her capability to pay. 
If she has, she will give money to everybody, if not at best she'll sequence for her to get a fresh 
loan from anywhere. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
The pain -- yes. So temporarily, somebody would -- some enterprise will have to bear that will 
have to take it or will have to bear the pain. But eventually, I think it will stabilize. So my sense 
is that you will see and not just us, for everybody. We will see a lot of recoveries, a lot of money 
from recoveries flowing in, from GNPA pools and the write-off pools. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. And when you look at it, one of the player was indicating that once we into the lesser 
leveraged customers or maybe just like three lenders, there could be some pressure on field as 
well, okay? Because currently, larger part of the yield is also maybe driven by the customers 
who have like more than four lender relationships. So do you think that could have a pressure 
over 2, 3 quarters in terms of yield structurally coming down for the industry? 
Ashish Damani: 
Kunal, I think these customers are not that sensitive to the interest rates as such. And even when 
we are speaking about the differential, the industry operates today in a very tight range of, let's 
say, 22% to 24%, 25% at best. So the yield or the interest rate, I'm not very sure it will be a  
driving thing for the customers to take that decision. 
 
Yes, but loan amounts or for that matter, the ease of getting a loan or the timing, those definitely 
are some of the aspects which – or let's say, sometimes the customer is in the fag end of their 
loan with somebody. Probably they will be looking forward to repay that of first because they 
can get a fresh loan from that entity. Those will be the driving points for such customers rather 
than the interest rates. 
 
Having said that, I think most of the institutions, including Spandana have a staggered interest 
rates where you would want to retain your good customers and thus you pass on the benefits on 
the interest rate to customers in subsequent cycle. That is taken care of. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 25 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Viral Shah from IIFL Securities. 
Viral Shah: 
Shalabh, just wanted to basically again touch base on the question. But we are looking at 
Spandana plus 4 or more lender association. I understand, of course, there's a denominator 
impact. But even if I adjust and look at it on an absolute basis, there is just INR40 crores quarter-
on-quarter decline, which is like 3%. And this is despite having a INR660 crores plus of write-
off, right? So basically, does it mean that at an industry level, even the first guardrail is not being 
adhered to? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
I'm not sure how -- you need a lot of data to come to that conclusion, Viral. So I'm not exactly -
- maybe we'll take it offline in terms of understanding how you go to that number, but... 
Viral Shah: 
Basically, what I've look at Shalabh is, see you had some INR10,000-odd crores AUM, right, as 
of October or September, right? Of course, that is the September number on the denominator 
side. But when I look at September AUM, and apply the 13.8% and then what is your AUM, 
which is INR8,900 crores something in this quarter and I applied the 15.8%. 
 
The absolute decline is INR40 crores. This is after you having written off INR660 crores on the 
portfolio, right. That's how your AUM is at the end of this quarter. And when I'm saying is why 
is the industry not adhering to them, basically, who is lending to the customer, which by the first 
guardrail no one can lend to? 
 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Yes. So look, I will answer -- I mean, I'll answer the second part, Ashish, in the meantime will 
answer the first. 
Ashish Damani: 
So one, this is not driven by AUM, these are like a number of borrowers. So it is not necessarily 
just the AUM part. It is also the count part. 
Viral Shah: 
So then if that is the case, then basically people are lending even more to those borrowers. Does 
that mean that? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
So let me answer the second, which is the question that you are asking. Look, there is no choice 
of people who signed up this code of conduct with the association or the SRO. There is no option 
for them not to follow. So it's a signed up document and it's a signed up agreement. And I do not 
have as a company an option to follow or not follow. There could have been some and this 
includes the banks, the universal banks, the SFBs, everybody, it's not just the NBFC or the 
NBFC-MFI. That's number one. 
 
Number two, yes, there could be plus or minus in terms of instead of July, somebody would have 
implemented it in August or September because of tech developments. It requires a lot of tech 
developments and a lot of testing before you are ready. So I would -- Viral, I would say that give 
or take 15 days 10 days here and there, I would really be surprised if there's somebody who is 
not following it. And at least we until now have not come up with a situation. There could be 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 25 
 
technical misses in an IT, in some company here and there, but not following brazenly -- I'm not 
-- I don't think so. Let's just say that. 
Viral Shah: 
So Shalabh, you are saying it came from July, right? I'm looking at the number versus October. 
So by October also, if no one is able to implement, then are we actually jumping the gun. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
No, Viral, according to me, when you see the real impact in at least one to two quarters, you 
should see it. You should just wait for about -- it operates with a lag, slightly with a lag. That's 
reason why I kind of dealt at length with why are the customers, what has happened that the 
customers are returning back to the center meetings? Why are the customers engaging with us? 
I do believe that everybody has kind of implemented it and maybe a clearer picture for all of us 
to see. And for all of you to see would probably be end of this quarter, but I have at least 
personally not come across an instance where this has not been followed. 
Viral Shah: 
Shalabh, again, on that point, can you give us like who are the -- like what number of MFIs, 
banks, SFBs have been signatory to this MFIN  guardrail 1 and how much AUM does that 
represent at an industry level? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
So we can take it offline, Viral. I mean, obviously, I don't have the number handy -- but 
practically, it would cover minus the SHGs, I think it should cover everyone. 
Viral Shah: 
Okay. Then the second -- next question relating -- again, on the data point. But more I would 
say on this theme, is are we basically -- and when I say we, not specifically Spandana, so don't 
take it in that sense. But as an industry, jumping the gun and saying that the worst is behind and 
December is showing improvement, because, see, by definition, X bucket collection efficiency 
has to improve, right? After 9 months of pain, if you remove the delinquent customers, by 
definition, it has to improve. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Agreed. First of all, worst is behind is not a statement I have used ever. In this call or I won't and 
in fact -- no, no, fair enough. Fair enough. I'm sure somebody would have used it. I have been 
very cautious in what I said. What I said and even our presentation says that. It says green shoots 
and it says early indications. Early indications when they solidify into a trend, which you have 
to give at least 3 to 4 months to thump your chest and say that it's going the way that we would 
have liked to. 
 
All we qualified was that December was decent, almost a 3.4, 2.4 uptick from the previous 
month. We have to wait for the trends to really be very sure of when when we kind of see the 
things, where we can say that we are confident now we are the worst is past. So my guess is we 
have to be slightly cautious on this. It is not a trend as yet. Another 2 months will really give 
you a fair picture of, yes, the so-called worst is behind us. And now what you are left is this 
bucket, which you have to deal with, then you have to address those markets. But at least you 
get rid of your leaking bucket problem, which is currently we are facing. 
Viral Shah: 
Fair enough, Shalabh. And just on your point, If the compliance, say, after, say, 6 months of the 
Guardrail 1 is what it is. How are we sure, say, we won't have this similar kind of problem, say, 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
Page 23 of 25 
 
a year down the line, of course, because everyone has a shorter memory in terms of when the 
things normalize. How does one get that confidence, he won't be the similar situation, say, 1 
year or 2 years down the line? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Look, so to each company its own. As far as we are concerned, we've obviously learnt our 
lessons in terms of what position to take, which geographies to expand and most importantly, it 
has to do the biggest takeaway in this whole issue for the last 3 quarters has been how we deal 
with our employees, how do we deal with their well-being, their careers, their recognition, their 
rewards and so on and so forth. That's number one. The second bucket is the customer bucket. 
Obviously, these guardrails take care, at least structurally, the customer from a pureplay lending 
point of view. Once you are assured of that bucket, then what is left is your employees and how 
you kind of bring your attrition levels down to about 2%, 2.5% per month. 
 
That's a more manageable attrition because that is the only gap that need -- that's a new thing 
which has come up in the last 3 quarters, which is good from an enterprise point of view and 
from a company's point of view because that is what you have to address. And once that is taken 
care of and the structural initiatives take care of the customer behavior, I think we should be 
good to go. 
Viral Shah: 
Fair enough. And Shalabh, if I may, just one last question. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Yes, yes, please. 
Viral Shah: 
So basically, from -- of course, the 3 lender cap has been deferred to April. But when I then look 
at the overlap, the other 2 guardrails so as to say they have gone into implementation, right? And 
when I look at the overlap of MFI borrowers and them having non- MFI loans, so that nearly 
represents in aggregate to INR1.1 lakh crores, whatever you want to take it, the updated number, 
and that represents nearly 20%, 25% of the total MFI industry, right? 
 
So if we are seeing this kind of pain for a customer who has, say, more than 3 or 4 loans, which 
are MFI loans, what about the customers who are so overleveraged ? And does it mean that say 
customers who just have three or more than three loans, your LGDs are at least in this cycle and 
immediately in next 2, 3 quarters, the LGDs are going to be north of I would say, 90%. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Viral, so guardrail is a direction, which has been given. You need not stop at that. You can go a 
step forward and restrict the borrowing by the criteria that you wish. In the examples that you 
quoted, the customers borrow from a lot of these fintechs, etcetera. So it is entirely upon the 
enterprise to kind of take a call in terms of any unsecured that you want to do. You will not do, 
whether it is from an NBFC-MFI or whether it is outside. 
 
So that is what each enterprise will be doing, like we have done. And we'll continue to do because 
further what has been pronounced is a bare minimum. And anything beyond that, it is the 
prudence and the risk taking appetite of the company, which will come into play. At this point 
in time, and I go back to the first question which was asked, at this point in time, it is better to 
err on caution and probably continue this for at least 4 to 6 quarters before we really are confident 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
Page 24 of 25 
 
that the absorption capacity of the household and I'm moving away from the customer to the 
household is enough to kind of fulfill the liabilities, all the liability, borrowing liabilities that 
have been taken. And likewise, the other way also, I presume for all the companies which are 
kind of lending, which are non-MFI, when they are lending to the household, they would be 
looking at the household liability as well. 
 
So the right thing to do is to look at the overall household liability, which all of us are doing, 
plus and then obviously, you can go down to whatever you want to whether you want to take the 
mobile phone loan that she would have taken, her husband would have taken as a liability and 
then calculate the FOIR, etcetera, all of those things are a matter of the companies and the 
enterprises credit policy.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rajeev Jindal from Hero FinCorp. 
Rajeev Jindal: 
So my question is -- all those were limiting my questions, although there has been discussion on 
these numbers only till now. So my point or my question is that, so what are the recovery rates 
in the softer bucket, bucket 1 and bucket 2. And is there any improvement in the recovery rates 
in the last 3 months, if it is deteriorating? So what it was in September? And what are the 
numbers as of now? So that is my question number one. I have another question. 
 
So on the thing Spandana and the multiple lenders, the Spandana plus 1 and Spandana plus 2. 
So like you have taken the numbers from the bureau scrub, so do you have any performance 
analysis how these borrowers are performing with Spandana and with the other peer lenders?  
Shalabh Saxena: 
Yes, the second one, I'll answer, the first one, Ashish will answer. Do we have the number? Yes, 
we have. But we don't really – there is a specific purpose, we don't really have the number handy. 
Separately, we can connect and assess. 
Rajeev Jindal: 
Okay. Okay. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
First one was bucket 1 and bucket 2. 
Ashish Damani: 
I mean, we have already given the current bucket efficiencies, Rajeev, we've talked about that 
97.84%, which is nothing but from the current bucket, the remaining is the flow. And the Stage 
2 normally hovers around -- what we have seen is prior to June was around, let's say, 45% to 
50% is now stacking at around 40%. 
Rajeev Jindal: 
Okay. So this is constant for last, say, 3, 4 months, maybe for the last 6 months? 
Ashish Damani: 
Yes. It is moving -- it will move maybe, 100 basis points plus or minus at best. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
So Rajeev, this whole when you operate in these volumes, the most important thing is to stop 
your leaking bucket. You have stop your X flows because once it flows, then it's only a question 
of what percentage, so which obviously is not the best situation to be in because you are 
collecting also your loan officers job is not to chase the customer through the month. So that is 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2025 
 
Page 25 of 25 
 
what it is. So it's always good to kind of be focused on the lead indicator, which is the X bucket 
and the other things are a matter of obviously the regular activity. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
So thank you, all of you to -- for having attended this and showing interest in our organization. 
The company and the industry is obviously going through a slightly different phase, not the 
regular BAU. But given the trends that we have seen, we really hope that -- this works to 
everybody's advantage and most importantly, the customer's advantage because we deal with the 
segment, which is the so-called bottom of pyramid. And it's very important that the household 
there has a regular supply of formal credit at very reasonable rates to ensure that the income-
generating loan that they take is put to good use. So that's the endeavor that we are in and all of 
us are in. So thank you for the interest, and thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
