2 
(\' 
edvcate 
To 
To 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
C-1, G-Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Mumbai — 400 001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Code: 540403, Scrip Symbol: CLEDUCATE 
ISIN: INE201M 01029 
Sub: Transcript of Investors Earnings Call pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
Dear Ma’any/Sir(s), 
Pursuant 
to 
Regulation 
30 
of 
the 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and in continuation to our disclosures dated January 31, 2025, and February 05, 
2025, please find enclosed the Transcript of the Earnings call held on February 05, 2025, with the 
Analysts / Investors (public at large). 
The aforesaid information will also be hosted on the Company’s website at www.cleducate.com. 
Kindly take the above details on record. 
Thanking You 
For CL Educate Limited 
Arjun Wadhwa 
Chief Financial Officer 
Place: New Delhi 
Date: February 11, 2025 
® www.cleducate.com 
CL Educate Limited 
@ compliance@cleducate.com 
Registered & Corporate Office 
: A-45, First Floor, 
® +91-11-41281100/0800 & +91-11-41281101 
Mohan Co-operative Industrial Estate, New Delhi — 110044 
CIN: L74899DL1996PLC425162 
ARJUN 
WADHW
A
Digitally signed 
by ARJUN 
WADHWA 
Date: 2025.02.11 
19:07:41 +05'30'

 
 
 
“CL Educate Limited Q3 FY 2025 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 05, 2025 
 
Management: 
Mr. Satya Narayanan R – Chairman, CL Educate Limited 
Mr. Gautam Puri – Vice Chairman & Managing Director, CL Educate Limited 
Mr. Arjun Wadhwa – CFO, CL Educate Limited 
 
 
Earnings Call Link:  CL Earnings Conference Call Q3 FY25 
 
 
 
Results Link: 
 
   Consolidated Results – Q3 FY25 
 
   Standalone Results – Q3 FY25 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investor Presentation: CL Investor Presentation Q3 FY25

 
 
CL Educate Limited: Earnings Conference Call – Q3 FY2025 
 
Kestone Utsav Event-Video Running…. 
Arjun Wadhwa: You're both loud and clear. It's 03:31 pm, and I'm going to kick off the session. Ladies and gentlemen, 
welcome to CL Educate Limited's Q3 FY 2025 analyst call. My name is Arjun Wadhwa. I'm the CFO of CL Educate Limited, 
and I'll be your host today. 
Welcome once again to our metaverse platform called VOSMOS, which we have been using for more than three years 
now for our analyst calls. This call, as always, will be recorded, transcribed, and made available in the investor zone on 
our website. Should you have any questions during this call, please type them out in the chat box in the bottom right-
hand corner of your screen. We will take them all up together towards the end of the session.  
Joining me on this call today is Mr. Satya Narayanan. He's our Founder and Chairman, and Mr. Gautam Puri, Co-Founder, 
Vice-Chairman, and Managing Director. Gautam is taking direct reporting of the EdTech business, including our test 
prep business. Mr. Nikhil Mahajan, who anchors the MarTech business, is unfortunately unable to make it today as he's 
in the US. So, for today, I will cover the finance and business slides, and we'll take questions on MarTech. I will bring 
Gautam or Satya in for various questions on EdTech or any of our new initiatives when necessary. 
Satya, over to you. 
Satya Narayanan: Thanks, Arjun.  
Alright. So, good afternoon, everyone. Thank you, Arjun. If this is a bit of a change of sequencing, normally, we do the 
corporate updates at the end, but this is perhaps not a corporate update, but an update, nevertheless. So, the first 
update that I would like to give, all of you is that the NSEIT DEX acquisition is near completion. 
We can go to the next slide to see a little bit of details of that. The Share Purchase Agreement (‘SPA’) has been signed 
as you might have seen and which also was followed by the formal press releases from both sides. There are a couple 
of, absolute closure events that are pending, such as, taking over of the board, and such couple of stuff. If any specific 
questions are there, Arjun will take us through that at the end. We foresee those, completing in the next seven to ten 
days. 
For those of you, or for maybe for all of us, just as a recap of what NSEIT DEX means, to our ecosystem. On day one, it 
starts with an opening balance of about a top line of Rs. 200 crores, and this gives us about 17% EBITDA margin. And, 
we look at this inclusion or integration of NSEIT into CL as a very significant orbit changing event wherein the TAM, the 
assessment opportunity in India, the total addressable market is estimated to be about nine crore people and, poised 
to grow to Rs. 18 crores in the next five to seven years. And when we say assessment, any assessment that covers five 
or six areas, I'll come to that in a moment. Those are all covered here. 
So, if you look at it, it could be recruitment, it could be promotion, it could be professional certifications, it could be 
individual certifications, it could be vocational training programs. So all of these, add up to this 9 crore going to 18 
crore in a large Indian market. And this does not include the interest within the school or the within the university 
semester kinds of assessments, which also are slowly and surely moving towards digital. And subsequently they also 
are likely to move towards being on demand examinations. The most valuable thing that comes to us, from, NSEIT 
acquisition is the technology backbone. 

 
 
And I do dare say that this has a potential to compete in the space and become an integral part of India's digital stack, 
public infrastructure wherein we have already seen the success of elements such as Aadhaar or UPI or Digilocker and 
so on. So NSEIT DEX because of its DNA, because of its legacy, because of the scalable technology platforms on which 
it's been built by very, very experienced and thought leading architects. We are now, in this position of this. This is one 
of the biggest business modes in our view along with the distribution that it has. Today, NSEIT DEX has a capability to 
conduct a population scale examination between a five lakh or a 25 lakh, examination in over 700 districts across the 
country. 
And, while that being so, the greater possibility that we do see over the next three to five years is where NSEIT DEX can 
go international. We already have examination conducting experience in the last five years as DEX in seven overseas 
locations in The Middle East and, in South Asia, but this is likely to grow, as Indian education, grows in stature, as India 
becomes a jobs ready future jobs, granting or supplier to the world, there is a greater role that will be played by 
assessment companies across the globe. So this is a very orbit changing thing. It comes with good financials, and our 
job is now to see how do we take it from where it is to a 3x and a 5x over the coming few years. The final point to make 
in this and maybe I'll also follow that up in the subsequent slide is that we have a we have an exceptionally experienced 
team. At a future date, we will organize, an interface with the leadership that comprises the, head of business, operations 
head, and the technology head. I'll cover that in a moment. We'll move forward.  
Arjun, thank you. One of the important things that we have worked even while this transaction was getting underway 
was to see how we can keep the large institutional strength of NSEIT in in the form of a very, very high caliber, hugely 
seasoned, respected, independent board members. And I'm very happy to share with you the following four names who 
have, in principle, agreed to come on board. So in a week from now, when Arjun presides over the entire changeover 
process, we will have a former board member of NSE, Mr. Yatrik Vin joining the board of NSEIT DEX, Mr. Krishnakumar 
S (‘KK’), who's a very well respected public markets investor for a couple of decades. His last assignment was as the CIO 
at Sundaram Asset Management. KK is joining us on the Board. The third and a very wonderful name to be associated 
with us is, Mr. R Subrahmanyam, very highly respected, highly regarded in the space of public policy, government 
schemes, and so on. In his last assignment, he retired as the secretary of higher education and social justice and an IAS 
officer of 1985 batch. And lastly, we also have been able to get, Ms. Madhumita Ganguli, who's an Independent Board 
member and an HDFC nominee on the CL board. For the next few years, Madhu will be the common board member 
and the lady board member that we need to have on the NSEIT DEX board.  
Moving forward, this is the three-member leadership team. Krishnan is a President and CBO. He's been in the system, 
for the last nineteen years and also leading the business since 2015. Then we have Dr. Paresh who's a PhD in Computer 
Science from IIT Kharagpur and a very seasoned veteran who has seen the growth of NSEIT right from the role of a 
head of projects to now becoming the CTO over the past decade or more. And thirdly, we have Chintan Turki who's a 
BITS Pilani Graduate and, an extremely rich experience across a few companies before coming to, NSEIT five, six years 
ago, and he heads the entire operations of NSEIT DEX, business.  
Let's move forward. The second quick update that I want to give you is the launch of UTSAV. 
We have been speaking about it for the last quarter or two. We had a very successful launch, officially on the January 
12, 2025. These are the real pictures of an event that we conducted. 
It was a destination wedding in Jaipur. The boy is, of Indian origin. The girl, Rebecca, is an American girl, and this is a 
destination wedding attended by a few hundred guests, and it went off beautifully. The videos that you were watching 
as you were coming into the analyst call were the actual videos of from that wedding. I will pause here and let Arjun 
run the video. 
Kestone Utsav Event-Video Running…… 

 
 
Arjun Wadhwa: Yeah. Okay. Back to you.  
Satya Narayanan: Yeah. We're also happy to announce that the founding members, we've been able to rope into very 
successful and well-known names in the hospitality and food and beverage industry. And they join us, as founding 
members and Co-Promoters. We will be able to share more details of these, the event was graced by both, Sameer Puri, 
who's a well-known restauranteur in Delhi, and Sanjeev Kapoor, the celebrity chef. And they will be joining us, in taking 
to the entire range of design, execution, growth, and so on. Is this a short video of the launch, Arjun?  
Arjun Wadhwa: Yes, Satya. Yeah. I'll just play it for thirty seconds. Yeah. 
Kestone Utsav Launch Event-Video Running…. 
Satya Narayanan: Thanks Arjun 
Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks, I'll just move back to the presentation.  
Satya Narayanan: Yeah. So, that was the brief of the two updates that I had to give you, which were two new initiatives 
which are coming into our fold. I'll now hand it over to Arjun to move into the financial and business updates.  
Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks, Satya. I'll just move straight away into, how this, year is looking for us so far. As you're all 
aware, we've grown our revenues about 5% from Rs. 255 crores to Rs. 269 crores. The EdTech business is down, by 
about eight crores from a Rs. 161 crores to Rs. 153 crores, while the MarTech business is up by about Rs. 22 crores from 
Rs. 94 crores to Rs. 116 crores. From an operating EBITDA perspective, we are more or less, similar or just about 10% 
behind where we were same time last year, from Rs. 20 crores to about Rs. 18 crores. And, that dip is across, both 
segments, a little bit more in the EdTech space than in the MarTech space. 
Specifically looking at the EdTech space, as you're all aware, it's divided into three components, test prep, which 
accounts for about 80% of our EdTech business, and then the platform and publishing business. The test prep business 
has been, a little bit of a challenge this financial year as we see a lot of flux, in both our MBA and law businesses, largely 
on account of a lot of local competition and a lot of online players entering this space and flooding the market with 
freemium products. I'll spend a little bit more time on this in a later slide. But just to give you a quick overview, the test 
prep business, the revenues are down by about 9%. On a Platform Monetization perspective, we're up 20%, and the 
Publishing business is up about 8%. 
On the MarTech side, we've already shown you that we're up about Rs. 22 crores. This revenue growth comes at about 
19% from India and about 26% internationally. The margins, as we mentioned, are a bit lower. This is largely on account 
of environmental factors and how things are on the ground, especially with tech companies. But we're working to 
mitigate the same, and, the situation should improve considerably in, the next financial year. 
From a long-term perspective, things continue to look bright. And as an organization considering, where we are looking 
to grow both organically and inorganically, we continue to invest in people and technology from a long-term 
perspective. And, you'll see that when you compare the operating EBITDA, especially looking at specific areas like, 
employee benefits and so on. Coming on moving on specifically to the two business lines, on the MarTech side, as 
mentioned, we're up at about 20%. The EBITDA, I already explained. But, specifically, in terms of what we're doing, we're 
looking to leverage, some of our key clients in the Indian space to open doors across APAC. We work with some of the 
best names in the technology space in India, including Microsoft, Dell, Amazon, Facebook, and so on. And we're looking 
to leverage that to get more business from Singapore and Indonesia where we have offices now. And as we mentioned, 
our international business is growing at 26%, so very solid on that front. VOSMOS also continues to grow well with the 
Salesforce coming on as a new customer across India and APAC. 

 
 
We are in the process of executing seven events for them across the two regions. Four are already done and three are 
in the pipeline. And our meta commerce initiatives continue to bear fruit. You'd have seen in some of our older videos, 
we had given a walk through for all investors on the work we had done with Royal Orchid. We are happy to share that 
that has moved beyond the pilot stage, and we also now have a project with the Sterling Group. And Taj and Oberoi 
Groups have also picked up, pilots. So, all looking strong, all looking good. Hopefully, the margins will also continue to 
pick up over the next few quarters.  
Moving on to the EdTech business, specifically the test prep side. From an enrolment perspective, our MBA numbers 
are up on a nine month, from a nine-month comparison of FY24 to FY25. The MBA numbers are up 14%. Some of this 
has come at the cost of, a fairly different kind of product mix as we see a lot of students opting for shorter duration 
programs and online programs and testing and assessment programs. So, what that has meant is the P X Q is lower, 
and so there's a revenue dip across, the MBA segment. But as we said, we're doing what we can to mitigate this, and 
we've launched our own series of freemium products, including an open CAT zone and so on. And, we're hoping that 
this picks up in the quarters ahead. 
From a law perspective, we've shared in in previous sessions as well. The shifting of the exam date has impacted this 
market considerably, and it has, completely wiped out key two key segments of that space, which is the crash course 
students who would typically come after their board exams and the repeaters market who would come in the after they 
finish their high school. Both those markets would have contributed typically 35% to our to our total business and were 
very high margin businesses. Both of those don't exist anymore. But what we do see is a lot of students gravitating 
towards a two-year program rather than a one year program, and that has meant that we've managed to keep revenues 
fairly close to where they were earlier, but, yes, that has an impact on margins. 
CUET also has been impacted. It hasn't grown, at the speed at which we would have liked when we launched the product 
three years ago. A large chunk of that comes down to the way the tests have been executed and managed. But, you 
know, that's something that that we are working through, and we're looking at introducing more product variants in 
specifically in the UG space, including hotel management programs and focusing more on our BBA and IPM segments 
to continue to grow that space. We've signed up 19 new partners this financial year. And, in terms of other initiatives 
that we've started, we've relaunched our CSAT program. 
We had mentioned in our last analyst call that CSAT used to be Rs. 20 crore business for us, and, we used to handle 
more than 20,000 students a year at its peak about ten years ago. Then the market dynamics changed. The requirement 
of that exam being a necessity became, you just must get your 33% to clear it, and the number of people who would 
take preparation, was impacted. That exam has become much more difficult in recent years, and, there is a growing 
demand for it once again. So our CSAT relaunch is in process, and, we're looking at specific markets where we will look 
to, engage. 
We are also looking at launching a whole new set of market-oriented courses, largely as an add on to our MBA prep 
programs. So whether it's MBA plus GMAT or MBA prep plus CFA or CPA and so on, these are other avenues that we 
are currently evaluating, and you should hear more about this over the weeks and months ahead. If you do follow our 
news, you would have also heard about our new higher education transformation initiatives with the launch of, CHEX. 
There's, a gentleman who has returned to the Career Launcher fold after a thirty year gap, Alok Mehta, who's joined in 
a dual role as CHRO for the company and as the business head for CHEX, where he will be interfacing with universities 
and companies, bringing CL in as the go between to help companies with their aspirations of getting quality freshers 
and helping universities with their placement initiatives. And you'll probably hear much more about CHEX, in the 
upcoming financial year. 
 

 
 
I'll quickly move ahead to our Platform Monetization business. Happy to share this is up about 20%, and its EBITDA is 
up 84%. This is a business, as you're all aware, where we leverage the assets, we already have. So, the more we do in 
this business, it comes at very high margins. We've also looked for the first time at onboarding partners outside the CL 
ecosystem in this where we're looking at working with engineering and medical colleges, to sell their forms and 
onboarding tuition centers for the same. 
And I'll quickly just wrap up by spending a few minutes on our publishing business, which has also grown by about 8%. 
Our total book sales so far this year are closing in on 5 lakhs. And specific segments that continue to do exceptionally 
well are RRB, GATE, CAT, CLAT books doing very well. It's been a bit slow season this year for UPSC Physics Galaxy and 
our IELTS material, but we've tried to counter that by launching new additions, in January, specifically in the Physics 
Galaxy and IELTS space. That's a quick wrap from me, and I'll now throw the floor over to questions. 
I see a bunch of them in front of me. If you will just give me thirty seconds, I'll go through them and pick them up and 
throw them either to Gautam, Satya, or take them myself, over the next couple of minutes. Satya, Gautam, anything 
you'd like to add?  
Satya Narayanan: That that's okay, Arjun. We can take the questions. 
Arjun Wadhwa: Right. Okay. A lot of congratulatory messages on the DEX deal. A lot of our consistent well-wishers 
over the years. There are consistent questions from Madhur, Garvit on EdTech and the test prep business and, what 
specifically we are doing to, mitigate, the drop in revenues in this space. GP, would you like to take that?  
Satya Narayanan: Has GP been disconnected, Arjun?  
Arjun Wadhwa: Let me just check.  
Satya Narayanan: So maybe we should take non-EdTech questions first and then come back again. I think, I can't see 
him on the pane. 
Arjun Wadhwa: Yeah. Just a second. Sure. Satya, let me throw one to you first. There's a question on DEX and a potential 
conflict of interest between our, test prep business and, the DEX assessments business.  
Satya Narayanan: Okay. This is something that we have been absolutely mindful of from day zero. So, the areas where 
CL has test prep interest, we will not venture DEX will not venture into those areas at all, which are, essentially the 
mandate MBA law, IPM. These constitute 95% of our portfolio as of now. And the one is the choice of what products 
we will, or we will not go. 
That is one. Even more important is that right at from the top-level board position, including the nominees from CL 
operating team. We also have taken, cognizance of the importance of this and created, processes and the Chinese wall 
between the two businesses. So other than me, those leadership teams or others who are going to be looking at test 
prep, they are not going to be active on the NSEIT side from board onwards. But at an operating level too, we are given 
the undertaking and we've taken internal steps over the past, many months since we had the time to make sure that 
the conflict of interest in these two is close to zero. 
Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks, Satya. While I have you, there's some follow-up questions also on DEX. How is the company 
expected to grow in the years ahead of its current levels of Rs. 200 crores is a question from Garvit.  
Satya Narayanan: Okay. So, Garvit, as you know, we try, we just try not to make very specific observations about 
revenue projections, etc. However, our, see we are the second largest player in the market and by being only in India. 
And we do only about 11 million assessments as DEX, in the last twelve months. That is the number of assessments that 

 
 
we have done. And the market leader would be four and a half times, five times our size. So there is an exceptionally 
large room for growth at a reasonably healthy, clip over the next three to five years. Add optimism to it, some of the 
largest exams have not been attempted by NSEIT DEX, for various reasons. You know, there was little bit of a pre-COVID 
and in COVID and post COVID since, this asset was, planned to be, hived off over the last year and a half or two. Some 
areas that are very large addressable markets now come into focus, and we would like to make a very strong entry into 
those. So, I think, for the next three years, three to four years, we should look at how do we double this and give it a 
very, very impactful, profitable non-India presence while we go into penetration in India. I think there are a couple of 
international markets also that can be done over the next three years. So, doubling from here is the first station for us. 
How much time does it take? Let's see.  
Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks, Satya. There's a host of other questions on DEX related to the financials, and I'll just take them 
very quickly. They're from some of our regulars like Hemant, Manan, and Rahul. First of all, you know, I’m just going to 
try and answer them as a consolidated set based on the questions that are there across the board. DEX will be a fully 
owned subsidiary of CL Educate. The company is called NSEIT Limited. It will continue to be NSEIT Limited till the name 
change happens. And as part of our SPA, we've worked out, a deal to continue to use the name formally NSEIT for a 
period of one year. In terms of when we expect to close the transaction, as Satya mentioned, we hope to take over the 
Board later this month. It might take another seven to ten days. We're working on it and hope to wrap that up as soon 
as possible. 
When will it become when will the revenues and EBITDA start getting counted as part of CL? They will happen as soon 
as we take control of the company. That will become the effective date of the transaction. And, from that period 
onwards, the specifics, revenues, and EBITDA for the stub period of this year will come to us. And then from the next 
financial year onwards, it's completely ours from day one onwards. More questions related to how's the performance 
of, NSEIT in the first nine months of the year. Because the transaction is yet to get officially completed till we take over 
the Board, it's not a part of our business, so we can't declare those numbers yet. But as Satya promised, we will do a 
specific session where we will introduce you to the business teams there and talk about the performance of that business 
and where it is, what our plans are going forward, and so on. We will cover that in a future session in the not-too-distant 
future. The Rs. 200 crore mentioned, in the first slide and the 17% that Satya mentioned were numbers pertaining to 
the last financial year. This year's numbers could be better than that. And as soon as it is legally, we can share them, we 
will definitely do so. I hope I've answered all the questions on DEX that came through regarding each of these. 
Satya Narayanan: Arjun, I think GP is getting, dropped off. So, let's cover the EdTech business while he is here.  
Arjun Wadhwa: Sure. And then I'll come back to questions on UTSAV. Yeah. So, GP, if you could, there were a few 
questions on the EdTech business, specifically asking about the muted growth, and what are our plans to mitigate this 
going forward, and, how do we how we plan to compete with the competition in this space and regain market share.  
Gautam Puri: Arjun, first of all, my apologies. I was getting disconnected. So I missed a couple of things, but I hope the 
question which you have asked will I hope my answer will cover all the issues which you have raised. Okay. First of all, 
when you look at Test Prep as an industry, there is a definitely a pressure on the pricing, and this was visible for the last 
couple of quarters, if not more, that the challenge was in the high value products, not in the low value products. 
In fact, a large number of students were shifting from high value to low value. And I say shifting, obviously, it's an 
assumption. And this is based on the fact that the number of students coming for the high value products was reducing. 
A second, the macro trend which was clearly visible, in the last, four quarters, I would say at least, is that the large 
number of students are shifting towards doing the preparation on their own through YouTube, free material, and books, 
etc. And that is to in a small way also visible from the fact that the sales of our test-prep books to GKP has also increased 
significantly. 

 
 
Now given that, situation, the reality is that high value products will be under pressure, and I don't see that pressure 
reducing in the next couple of quarter at least. It could be a little more than that also. The  silver lining there is that the 
low value products or the test series kind of product or the testing products while the student sees an issue, whereas 
from things he or she can prepare on his own. But when it comes to testing, they have to come to somewhat like a 
career launcher. And that is where we have seen significant growth coming in. 
Products like Test Series are going upwards of 20%. The negative parts is, these are low value products, but the margins 
are reasonably high. And if we can grow this segment significantly, it will, in the longer term, we it will be helpful for us 
to increase the numbers in the high value products also. Because, typically, what happens is many students start by 
saying that we will prepare on our own. And then after one year when they are unsuccessful, they realize that maybe 
we need to join somewhere else, and that is when they will look at those players first whoever have a good testing 
product. 
Okay. So that is the situation there. When it so as far as, MBA is concerned and, even law, I would say, the top end of 
the market will be under pressure, and the lower end of the market is where we'll have to look at volume gains and 
market share gains. To mitigate this, the other thing that we are doing is we are broad basing ourselves as far as the 
UG is concerned. There's not too much you can do with respect to MBA, because that's a kind of a standalone market. 
But when you look at the UG, the parent and the child want to look at multiple options. So what we had was only law 
or only BBA etc. We are now adding a few more segments to them, like hotel management, mass communication, 
journalism, etc, and broad based in the BBA product. Because all these exams are similar in nature. Yeah, they have 
minor differences, but they're similar in nature. And all of them are basically testing the aptitude of the student in a 
specific domain. And, practically, all of them are basic math and English. So it fits in very well with the BBA products. So 
we are trying to broad base it and go deeper into that market, and, and that is what we'll be focusing on, going forward, 
at the UG level. However, we need to remember again, this is something which will take two to four quarters. 
Crash course is right next to it, and the real impact of this, will be visible only in the next season. Finally, we are launching 
a couple of new products. CSAT we have already talked about. We are validating couple of other products, where we 
think we can make a dent. By and large, all the products that we are looking at are aptitude based. We are not looking 
at knowledge based products at this point of time, but it is aptitude based products is what we are looking at in terms 
of, adding new products. Yes, Arjun. Back to you.  
Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks, GP. I think that pretty much, would cover most questions that would pertain to this segment. 
If there's anything else later on, I'll come back to you specifically. Satya, there are a host of questions on the UTSAV 
business, including if you could, kindly just explain how the business model works and a little bit on the unit economics 
and the potential margins for that business.  
Satya Narayanan: Okay. Arjun, do you want to now remove the slide or do we need the slide? 
Arjun Wadhwa: No. I don't think we need the slide. I’ll remove that. 
Satya Narayanan: So, Arjun, we did put out a video or an information summary on the Kestone UTSAV. A few weeks 
ago about the size of the market what we cover in the analyst call last time?  
Arjun Wadhwa: Yes. We did. Yeah. We spoke about the market potential and where we hope to be in a few years. 
Satya Narayanan: Right. So in the interest of time, whoever has asked this question, I would request you to kindly 
access that video. We've taken about ten, fifteen minutes and four, five slides to explain. But just to highlight a couple 
of, important numbers, in the wedding space, which is estimated between, a large number, the relevant number for us 

 
 
in for the first at least couple of years is that there are 50,000 luxury weddings that happen in India, and the definition 
of luxury wedding is a spend of over 1.25 crores. So, the thing that we are looking at is, can we build technology 
platforms? Can we leverage the strength that Kestone has, which does, a mammoth three events a day at an average 
and for top quality conscious corporates? So, the one inside out strength that we're letting play out is that a core team 
of three to five senior people who understand personalization, high quality execution, operations, etc, moved into 
Kestone Utsav, and we have brought a couple of senior leadership members to be leading the team. And saying that, 
can we aim to do 1% of the luxury weddings in three to four years' time, which means can we build capacity and ability 
to do 400 to 500 weddings annually in year three or year four? 
That's very simply gives you the back of the envelope calculation of 400 weddings at about 1.5 crores kind of a spend. 
And we are assuming that the, in absence of having any, you know, empirical data, we are guided between, what is, 
high value events or conferences, EBITDA that we see in Kestone is what we are taking as the starting point, which is a 
10 to 12% EBITDA is what we are thinking. But maybe it can get better if we do a few things that we are wanting to do. 
The most important thing in the go to market, actually, if you look at is to be able to, successfully bring brand play, 
technology play, and personalization play and emerge as a thought leader. Thought leading and from planning to end 
execution partner for a family, for a wedding, or since we are calling it broadly as a social events thing, the other thing 
that we intend to focus on in the first couple of years is, as you know, wedding is in India more of an October to March 
phenomenon. 
And in order to manage the seasonality, the other thing that we intend to do is look at the large format campus festivals 
and campus events in the June to October season. You know, it could be for instance, as you know, large format college 
festivals, for example, or alumni reunions, the silver jubilee, the golden jubilee reunions, or the mood indigo, or oasis, 
or Mardi Gras. These are these are all these days are ten to fifteen to twenty crore, events. So we are thinking how do 
we add, season one, first of all, the season, these kind of, events, and season two would be, weddings and, and concerts 
and so on. So I'll pause there. Any more details of it? Happy to respond if you leave some bunch of FAQs and answer it 
in in greater detail. Sure.  
Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks, Satya. Couple of questions that I'll quickly just take, and then we'll, try and wrap up today's 
session. 
There's a question on the GST notice that we've received. Just a quick update on the same. This is a demand notice. We 
received a show cause notice on the same, in the last financial year in March. We had appealed that, and we had gone 
through the process of contesting it using our lawyers, Lakshmi Kumaran. We have now received a demand notice on 
the same. It pertains to a matter of composite supply. Books and coaching services should have the same, GST rate 
applicable. The same matter came up during the service tax regime, and, we won that matter at the supreme court level 
where the courts ruled in our favor using the same lawyers, and our lawyers remain confident at the same stand and 
the same stance will apply in this case as well and, that we have nothing to worry about in this specific case. But as a 
matter of, we have shared that information with these stock exchanges and obviously made that available to all investors 
as well. 
There are also a lot of follow-up questions on the DEX business on, how we are funding the acquisition. As we had 
shared previously, we are using a mix of debt and equity. We will share more specific details on that when we do the, 
specific DEX session on, conclusion of the transaction. But what we can since there are a lot of questions at what gateway 
borrowing durations, all of that, I understand, you know, there's something you would like to know about, and we'll 
cover it in due course. We'll do a separate session on the same. 
 

 
 
Just on an overall basis where we have borrowed funds from, The Piramal Group, which has led a consortium, and we 
have, negotiated good competitive rates from them. More details will follow in the session we hold, in a couple of 
weeks' time. If there are no more questions, we will pause here. Right. Okay. 
Thank you, all very much, for attending today's call. We look forward to interacting with you over the coming of course, 
seeing you come to the end of this season, when we wrap up, FY25. Thank you, Satya. Thank you, Gautam, for joining 
in today, and have a good day, everyone.  
Gautam Puri: Thank you, and goodbye. 
Satya Narayanan: Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you, Arjun. 
 
For more information, regarding CL Educate you can visit our corporate website: 
Annual Report | Financial Statements | Quarterly Results | Telegram Channel 
 
 
For further information, please contact: 
 
 
Amit Kanabar 
Sr. Manager – Finance & Strategy  
 CL Educate Limited 
Tel: +91 88009 76683 
Email: amit.kanabar@careerlauncher.com 
 
