 
 
 
February 21, 2025 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
The General Manager, 
Listing Department, 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Company code: 533333 
The Manager, 
Listing & Compliance Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai - 400051 
Company code: FCL 
 
Subject: Transcript of Q3 FY 2024-2025 Earnings Conference Call held on February 17, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations 2015 
and with reference to our letter dated February 07, 2025, please find enclosed a copy of the transcript of the 
Investors/Analyst Concall held on Monday, February 17, 2025 at 10.00 AM on Q3 & 9M FY 2024-25 financial 
result of the Company.    
 
The above information is also available on the website of the company i.e. www.fineotex.com  
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For FINEOTEX CHEMICAL LIMITED  
 
 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
 
Executive Director & CFO 
       DIN : 00218525 
        
       Encl:  As above  
SANJAY 
SURENDRA 
TIBREWALA
Digitally signed by 
SANJAY SURENDRA 
TIBREWALA 
Date: 2025.02.21 16:06:48 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Fineotex Chemical Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY‘25 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. AARTI JHUNJHUNWALA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
FINEOTEX CHEMICAL LIMITED 
 
MR. ARINDAM CHOUDHURI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – FINEOTEX CHEMICAL LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJAY TIBREWALA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER & EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR– FINEOTEX 
CHEMICAL LIMITED 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 and 9 Months FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call of Fineotex Chemicals Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements made in today's discussion 
may be forward-looking in nature. The actual results may vary as they are dependent on several 
external factors. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Aarti Jhunjhunwala from Fineotex Chemical Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Aarti Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you, Sejal, and a very good morning, everyone. It is always a pleasure to connect with 
our investors, analysts and stakeholders. We deeply appreciate your time and continued trust in 
Fineotex Chemicals Limited. 
Let me begin by reiterating our core philosophy. Fineotex has been more than just a specialty 
chemicals company with innovation and sustainability at the heart of everything we do. We are 
a company driven by innovation, customer-centric solutions and sustainability while remaining 
cost-effective. 
We are a single stop solution provider across business verticals, including textile chemicals, 
FMCG, cleaning and hygiene, oil and gas and water treatment. Our expertise in these areas, 
combined with our deep customer relations allow us to deliver high-quality and tailor-made 
solutions that meet the evolving needs of industries worldwide.  
With a strong manufacturing base and a global footprint, we are well positioned to capitalize on 
future high-growth opportunities. We are currently witnessing strong growth in our new 
segments, oil and gas and water treatment. These segments are gaining traction, and we have a 
strong order pipeline that is expanding geographically. 
In the water treatment industry, strong momentum through industrial expansion and affluent 
treatment and zero liquid discharge policies drive demand for coagulants, flocculants and 
biodegradable polymers. Increasing water pollution and scarcity have accelerated investments 
in desalination plants, boosting the needs for antiscalants and metal chelating agents. 
A testament to our innovation and sustainability drive is the launch of our new product, 
AquaStrike Premium, a next-generation biotechnology-based mosquito control solution. This 
nontoxic and eco-friendly product, not only disrupts the mosquito life cycle more efficiently 
than conventional methods, but also contributes to water preservation. 
AquaStrike Premium presents a strong market opportunity, driving impactful innovations in the 
global chemical industry. Simultaneously, the oil and gas sector is seeing increased upstream 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
activity from industry giants, driving the demand for oil drilling and function chemicals like 
corrosion inhibitors and paraffin dispersants. 
The expansion of offshore and deepwater exploration requires high-performance drilling and 
cementing fluids, while the rise in shale gas and CBM exploration is boosting the market for 
fracturing and stimulation chemicals. 
The move towards eco-friendly and water-based drilling fluid is to reduce environmental impact 
and the expansion of refineries and pipeline networks continue to support growth in cementing 
and production chemicals. This diversification strengthens our overall business and allows us to 
capture emerging opportunities in high-demand industries. 
Driven by launch of innovative products through our cutting-edge R&D capabilities while 
maintaining a sharp focus on sustainability, we have developed 30 new products during this 
quarter, increasing our product offerings. 
Now, I hand over the call to Mr. Arindam Choudhuri, who will take us through some of our key 
developments. 
Arindam Choudhuri: 
Thank you, Aartiji. A very good morning to all. I am happy to share that we inaugurated our 
new office in Andheri, Mumbai on Jan 22, 2025. The facility includes state-of-the-art training 
centres and recreation areas, ensuring an inspiring and dynamic environment for our employees. 
We are also honored to share that our Executive Director, Mr. Sanjay Tibrewala was recognized 
with the Industry Leader Award at the Life Cycle Assessment Summit 2025. This prestigious 
award presented by Maharashtra Textile Minister and India's Textile Commissioner highlights 
not just his personal contribution, but also our company, Fineotex's unwavering commitment to 
sustainability and innovation in the specialty chemical sector. 
We are also pleased to report that ICRA has upgraded our credit rating outlook from stable to 
positive, reflecting our strong financial position, higher cash accruals and robust business 
expansions. The reaffirmation of our rating across long-term and short-term facilities underscore 
our financial stability and strategic direction. 
Nevertheless, sustainability is a key focus, and we have successfully transitioned to renewable 
energy with the installation of 100-kilowatt solar power plant at our Ambernath facility. And 
our manufacturing processes have been also optimized to achieve 0 discharge of hazardous 
chemicals that is ZDHC certification. 
Another exciting upgrade is in progress of our new manufacturing plant, which remains on track 
and is expected to become operational in next 6 months by Q2FY '26. This facility will further 
strengthen our production capacity and support our growing demand across various segments. 
Now, I hand over the call to Mr. Sanjay Tibrewala, who will take us through the financial 
performance of our company. Thank you. 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Thank you, Arindamji, and good morning, everyone. I would like to start by highlighting to you 
that our consolidated revenue has grown at a CAGR of 30.5% since 2020, while our profits have 
grown by 70.5% CAGR over the same period. 
Now, coming to the performance of the company for the first 9 months of financial year '25. Our 
performance remains stable despite a challenging atmosphere environment with muted demand 
in the FMCG space, one of the key sectors we have been catering to. Our export share has 
decreased to 19% from 24% in the same period due to political and social turmoil in Bangladesh. 
With the development post and new leadership in the U.S. and the recent Summit label 
discussions in the U.S., we are hopeful that the political uncertainty is likely to fade away soon, 
and the export will pick up to Bangladesh very soon. Despite these short-term challenges, we 
remain confident in achieving our growth targets in the coming times. 
Our quarterly total income stood at INR 131 crores, reflecting a modest decline of 8.5% 
compared to the same period last year due to order postponements by a few customers and 
Bangladesh conditions for the issuing of the letter of credit by the banks. However, customer 
retention remains intact. 
Demand fundamentals are strong. While the FMCG segment showed a muted growth, the textile 
segment continued to expand and more than -- maybe at a pace more than anticipated. In fact, 
we have added 30 new customers in the quarter 3 in the textile business itself. Our EBITDA 
margins remain healthy, strong at 27.2%, underscoring strong operational efficiencies despite 
external pressures. 
Our long-term growth trajectory remains robust, supported by strategic diversification into new 
segments such as oil and gas and water treatment with a growing order pipeline across 
geographies. The upcoming plant is set to be operational in quarter 2 financial year '26, will 
further bolster our manufacturing capacities, capabilities. Innovation continues to drive our 
business forward and with the new solutions like AquaStrike Premium demonstrating our 
commitment to sustainability and global market expansion. 
We have also developed new 15 products during this quarter. The new -- the inorganic strategy 
initiatives well underway with the backing of a robust earmarked fund of over INR 300 crores, 
we are strongly positioned to drive sustainable and profitable growth in the coming times. Our 
disciplined financial management enables us to seize both organic and inorganic growth 
opportunities, including strategic investments in new technologies, market expansion and 
potential acquisition that aligns with our long-term vision. 
The financial strength empowers to weather market fluctuations, invest in innovation and 
enhance our operational capabilities. Furthermore, our continued focus on operational 
excellence and customer-centric solutions will allow us to unlock new revenue streams and 
expand our footprint across key and emerging markets. 
With a clear road map, a strong order pipeline and ongoing diversification in high potential 
sectors, we are confident in delivering value to stakeholders and achieving our ambitious growth 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
targets. The outlook remains highly optimistic as we continue to build momentum for the long-
term success of the company. 
With this, I now open the floor for questions. Thank you. Over to you, Sejal. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Karan Kamdar from DRChoksey Finserv Private Limited. 
Karan Kamdar: 
Congrats on launching the new product, AquaStrike and also 30 other products. Could you throw 
some color on what could be the market size and the potential impact of these products? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Thank you, Mr. Karan. So with reference to the new products, it is mainly connected to the 
textile industry, which has been launched. And there is a lot of new trends picking up in the 
textile segment itself. So those are the kind of product lines which we have been launching even 
regularly actually. 
Coming to the AquaStrike, we would like to mention that right now, there are a lot of 
conventional methods being used for the mosquito control breeding by the authorities, which 
includes conventional methods, which are based on oil -- crude oil-based things like BTI and 
other MLO kind of oil, which are being used to control the mosquito breeding. 
This is one of the product which was developed in Biotex Malaysia, and they have been also 
marketing this product to a few countries around Malaysia. In India, we were always trying to 
convince the authorities and there were a lot of -- they took a lot of time to get into these 
approvals. 
Right now, we are also going to target certain NGOs, certain authorities who are interested and 
to control the mosquito breeding and mosquito diseases. So the size right now will be -- I mean, 
it's quite a bigger number. And we are starting to expect things to move on from the next financial 
year from April onwards. And we will be targeting in a substantial way on these businesses 
going forward. 
Karan Kamdar: 
Okay. Got it, sir. Sir, my next question is on volumes and how has the quarter been? Do you 
think the order that was postponed will lead to buoyancy in the March numbers? And how do 
you see the upcoming quarters? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
See, I would like to refrain from giving any much forward-looking statements. What I could 
share is -- as we all are aware about the political situations in Bangladesh, due to which a lot of 
orders and banking systems have been affected in Bangladesh in the last quarter. So there has 
been a drop in our businesses out there. However, speaking about textile, textile has grown by -
- it has grown substantially, I can say, by -- the volumes has gone up by 20% for us in this quarter 
itself, and the textile revenue has also gone up by 12% broadly. This could have been enhanced 
more if the Bangladesh business was intact, and we could have seen much better performances 
in the quarter 3. However, the situation now looks to be controlled also with the recent visit of 
our Prime Minister to U.S., it looks like Bangladesh will be much in favor with India. And a lot 
of things are getting sorted out from the financial banking perspective in Bangladesh. 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Bangladesh is one of the biggest textile processing and garment processing countries in the 
world. So that is a very important area of business, not only for us, but all our co-producers as 
well. So going forward, we are quite optimistic that already we are seeing better performances 
now as we speak during this quarter. I think it should be getting much better in the coming times. 
Karan Kamdar: 
Got it, sir. Got it. One last question, if I can squeeze in, sir. Any update on the M&A that was 
announced? Where are we on that? And when can we expect something concrete on that end? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Well, yes, absolutely, we are on top of it. And as soon as we have certain further advancements 
on that, we will be updating all the shareholders and stakeholders via the stock exchange as we 
always do. 
Right now, as you have seen us in the last 13 years of being listed, already we had done an 
international first inorganic acquisition in 2011 by acquiring stake in Biotex in 2011 post the 
IPO within 3 months of the fundraising, we had acquired the stake in Biotex in 2011. So we are 
very confident on the management ability to handle international and domestic acquisitions. 
However, at the same time, we are very cash disciplined. We are looking for great synergies. 
We are very sure about the kind of valuations we are focusing upon. 
One thing we can only mention here that any acquisition will be EPS accredited, and that goes 
without saying. And we will not be looking at any kind of acquisitions which are expensive for 
sure. 
Right now, with the so-called slackness or muted demand in the chemical industry for the last 2, 
3 quarters, there are a lot of further opportunities which are coming to us. And I would rather 
say, thanks to the right timing of our fundraising activity, which we had done this calendar or 
this financial year itself, I think that is going to help us to capture such kind of opportunities 
because in the past, we have seen many a times that the opportunities come at a time where there 
are the funds are not being raised. 
And this is the time where we have sufficient funds. We have already allocated, as we mentioned 
now, almost INR 300 crores for the inorganic acquisition. And so, we are looking at a lot of 
many further options as well as we speak. So as soon as we have something concrete, we will 
be updating the stock exchange. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ganesh Nagarsekar from Bharat Bet Research. 
Ganesh Nagarsekar: 
My first question is regarding the FMCG business. So over here, you said that our volumes and 
value -- overall sales were a bit affected because of muted volumes. But in terms of broader 
wallet share that we have with customers, is that broadly intact or growing? Or are we losing 
share with the customers as well? I mean, in terms of new FMCG customers, are we gaining 
anyone or any major FMCG clients in the pipeline? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
I would like to mention everyone, in the last 9 months or especially the last 3 months also, the 
company has not lost a single customer and not a single product. Yes, there has been degrowth 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
in the demand due to various factors, which keeps happening due to the, let's say, the rural 
demands were not intact as we all experienced even for the most of the FMCG companies. 
I'm talking about up to December. So yes, the 9 months or maybe the last quarter 3 was not great 
for the rural demand and also for the urban demand. However, as in the recent budget, we 
understand that the taxation policies by the Finance Ministry will help us to push up the demand 
in urban and the rural market itself. And so, basically, we have not lost any customer and none 
of the product at all. 
Whereas we have added sufficient number of customers, this is an ongoing process because our 
focus is on sustainable solutions. Sustainability will be the key for any manufacturing specialty 
chemical companies going forward. Everything is beginning and ending with sustainability 
because we have to make sure that the consumers are getting the most sustainable product. 
And this is not -- it's almost a pledge by most of the biggest FMCG companies like Levers and 
P&G as we read in many of the articles, the global articles and things. They have been deciding 
to go totally sustainable within 2027 or '28. So there is a lot of action being done on the back 
front, backside. And we are one of the early movers in sustainability and providing sustainable 
solutions, not only for textiles, but also for the FMCG, also for the oil drilling and other ideas, 
vertical. 
So I think we are in the best situation, and we will be one of the takers of this kind of growth 
once it gets more and more in the market. So with this, I would like to mention that we have 
been doing quite well from the point of view of adding more products, adding more customers 
in all the segments where we are. 
Ganesh Nagarsekar: 
Understood. Got it, sir. And sir, in terms of the new segments that we are venturing in, which 
includes the drilling and water treatment segment. So for the water treatment segment, if my 
understanding is correct, a bulk of our clients will be government sort of entities. So do you see 
a receivable risk kind of element appearing there? And how are we broadly planning to deal with 
that sort of risk as and when it appears? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
I would like to mention the water -- you mean only for the water treatment, right? 
Ganesh Nagarsekar: 
Right, right, right. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Okay. So for the water treatment, government is not our end user customer. It's the private sector, 
number one. And there are a lot of important products being demanded by the customers for 
getting better kind of BOD, COD, better kind of TDS going forward. 
Apart from this, we have been also getting our product approved and started our exports to 
Middle East countries who have been using these products as scale -- and the scale lines for 
desalination of water by the MSF plants. So those are the angles and areas where we are focusing 
a lot. 
Ganesh Nagarsekar: 
Got it. And in terms of receivables, et cetera, you're not seeing any major issues there, right? So 
broadly cash coming back in time? 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Yes, yes, yes. So these businesses are quite great enough. In fact, if I could share certain -- I 
would take this question. I'd also like to mention to all the participants that let's put it on the 
point of drilling and the oil and gas specialty chemicals. We have been tying up with certain 
biggest customers of the world, and they are all $20 billion companies. 
And as we are aware about the kind of the political -- geopolitical situation that China will not 
be much preferred by the U.S. as such. We are talking to and speaking to all these big U.S. 
companies, they have a simple mandate that they have to expand their purchases and sourcing 
from India by 5x. 
So -- and these 7 has to be replaced by China, replaced from China and everything has to be 
purchased from India. So there is going to be quite a big jump in the quantum purchase in the 
oil and gas chemicals from India by these big companies. And there are not many companies 
who are lined up with their capacities and product lines and things like that. 
So this is a very exciting thing. We have already got certain excellent orders as we speak in, the 
from the Eastern Europe countries and the Middle East countries as -- African countries as well 
for the oil and drilling. We have participated last year in OTC Houston, in ADIPEC in November 
in Abu Dhabi, in WETEX, which is water treatment exhibition in Dubai. This year, again, we 
are going to participate in Russia in the month of April. 
In fact, from tomorrow, our top management like me and our business head for the oil and gas, 
who is also from ex-M-I SWACO, Schlumberger, they will be also visiting the Middle East 
countries to do certain kind of tie-ups in Kuwait, Saudi Arabia and various countries. So there 
is a lot of excitement coming in this line. And talking about the receivables, it is definitely better 
than the other industries. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankit Bansal from Kusum India. 
Ankit Bansal: 
Sir, my first question is, sir, your new product AquaStrike Premium, are you going for WHO 
approval? Like you have said, Indian Board has given you the approval. Are you targeting poor 
countries like Africa where you will get multibillion-dollar revenues? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Well, thank you so much for that. As such, African countries are also run by a lot many NGOs. 
And what our targets will be like we'll be approaching the certain foundations, for example, Bill 
Gates Foundations and other foundations, where they finance such kind of products and then we 
have to distribute it to their -- the logistic companies for the use in Africa, wherever there is an 
epidemic or malaria or dengue or something like this. 
So there is a lot of such plans of action which we have, which we'll be taking one by one. We'll 
be starting from the domestic market first, and then we'll be taking over eventually. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parag Thakkar from Fort Capital. 
Parag Thakkar: 
So I would just like to ask that whether we are seeing green shoots in textiles because we have 
been hearing that there is some pickup in textiles, at least from the funds or in accounts of the 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
world, and there is some pickup in this quarter. And as you rightly said that Bangladesh thing as 
it settles down, you see a better demand, right? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Parag Thakkar: 
So is it a fair thing to assume that worst is behind for us? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Definitely. In textiles, the worst is already behind for us. I would rather say not only for textiles, 
I think even for the FMCG with the new the taxation norms, which is helping the demand of 
urban and also rural demands to go up. I think the worst should be -- has to be behind us as such. 
In fact, our textile has done well, although the worst is behind us. 
And most of the companies have been getting good orders, maybe you must be looking at 
Gokaldas and other the likes of them. And everyone is into a good shape. In fact, we were 
exhibiting last -- till yesterday in Bharat Tex in Delhi. And there has been a massive inflow of 
foreign buyers, and it's huge. I mean, it's unbelievable, in fact, to the level where it has reached. 
And so, I think India is going to be definitely shining in textiles going forward. And these short-
term Bangladesh things do come and go. And, of course, our company is well -- strong enough 
to bear such kind of fluctuations in the demand and getting postponed, et cetera, et cetera. So I 
think things have to be on-line. 
There is no doubt rather, I would like to mention we are going to increase our manpower in our 
Bangladesh office for the technical marketing. We already have an office in Bangladesh. And 
we are going to increase looking at the kind of the growth of prospects which we are looking at 
the easily, we are going to increase the manpower now there. 
Parag Thakkar: 
And FMCG also, we are hearing that rural has already started picking up and urban will 
gradually pick up after 1 or 2 quarters because of the tax benefits given in budget plus RBI 
policy. So from FMCG perspective, also you will get some rural boost at least in near term. In 
long term, of course, urban will also come back, but... 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Yes. No, absolutely. I mean, this is going to help. There is no doubt about it. And generally, 
during the summer season, the business of FMCG is higher because companies -- the consumers 
use a lot of cleaning products in the summer season. So I think that also helps going forward. 
And yes, that has been already much better than what we have seen in the quarter 3. I think going 
forward, things are getting better, yes. 
Parag Thakkar: 
And sir, this INR 300 crores of cash which you are holding, which is a great use at this current 
time. So whatever inorganic plans we have will be EPS accretive, as you said, right? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Yes, absolutely. That will be EPS accretive for sure. 
Parag Thakkar: 
Because currently, things are not in great shape globally. So you will be able to find acquisitions 
at right price. 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Yes. As you know, our company's policy is very clear for synergy and also to make sure that we 
are not valuing it at the right price for EPS accreditation. And we are very disciplined in 
deployment of our funds-- that's the reason we are quite disciplined in our fund and cash flow 
management. So out of -- in fact the cash on books today is almost INR 350 crores, out of which 
INR 300 crores has been earmarked for the acquisition agenda. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sahendra Parmar, who is an individual investor. 
Sahendra Parmar: 
One thing I want to ask you, what is the potential of this AquaStrike chemical over the period of 
3 to 4 years? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Okay. going forward, this is a huge market  for which -- the government has to do a lot of 
investment -- . So coming to your question, we are very hopeful that in the coming times, this 
business will be one of our important divisions for sure. 
Also, the kind of demand and need, which we see in the Indian society and the Indian masses 
for controlling such epidemics of malaria and dengue, I think these are the solutions which 
should have been used much before. Right now, what has been used by the authorities is mainly 
based on crude oil, oil-based things, which is not only affecting the human system, but also the 
aquatic life. 
Interestingly, this product is not only for the mosquito, but it is also for water evaporation 
preservation process. So once this is used on the rivers and the lakes, it helps also to avoid the 
water evaporation, which will help to have a water preservation policy as well. 
So there are multifunctional things, and it is totally safe for drinking. It's bio-based, totally, it's 
unlike any insecticide or pesticide as such. It's totally bio. And so, this is the chemistry, which 
is based on mean as such, if you can go through our -- the press release, which we have recently 
shared on the stock exchange. And this is something which we were always looking at. Already 
this -- we have certain business of this product. It's not big enough because the market for these 
products are mainly the developing countries like India, Bangladesh, Africa, where the pollution 
or the water pollution is still there, where the water quality is not good, where there are certain 
mosquito issues. 
Right now, we also do sell to certain close by countries around Malaysia, let's say, Singapore, 
but the mosquito problems are not there as such in those countries. And this business is not run 
by privates. We are not -- we cannot go to the consumers for this. It is all under the authorities, 
the government authorities, which is the responsibility -- who are responsible for supporting 
such kind of initiatives. 
So going forward, we are very excited with this. We have been waiting and working on this topic 
and product since a very, very long time to get into Indian market. But due to the COVID effect, 
there was not much focus on this. 
At the same time, our company has -- was very busy in the last 5 years, as you can see, to have 
a 70% CAGR growth into the various verticals which we were. So we were not focused also, in 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
fact, in the last 3, 4 years on this product line. So right now, we are also adding it up, and I think 
it will be one of the very important divisions of the company. I would like to refrain from sharing 
numbers, but the market size can be about thousands of crores. There is no doubt about it going 
forward. That's all I would like to be able to share right now. 
Sahendra Parmar: 
One more question I want to ask you. Anybody -- any one player who are making these products 
compared to you? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Well, nothing of our knowledge at all. And this is something which is replacing the conventional 
method. So there are products, like I said, like BPI-based, abate-based, crude oil-based, MLO, 
they call it malarian oil. But these are the products which are coming from oil refineries. If I'm 
not wrong, it comes from HPCL or BPCL or some companies like this, which has been played 
on the water by the authorities. And this is not only -- this is not also quite good enough for the 
aquatic life. It's the life of the product and the performance is not as good as our product also. 
So right now, there is nothing much to our knowledge, which has been offered in this line. But 
-- so that's also why we have a lot of substance. We have a lot of tests. We have also discussed 
with the Haffkine's Research Institute, which is the best for all the vector borne diseases, et 
cetera, for the last 125 years, they have been well rated. They were the institute which had 
detected solution for plague 100 years back or something like this. The Haffkine's is also 
working on it, and we are aggressively taking it up in the coming times. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Niraj from CompoundingAI. 
Niraj: 
I just wanted to understand on the product mix side, we have different segments like FMCG and 
drilling oil and water. So which of these is like from a margin standpoint, more accretive and 
which of these would be like taking much more part of our product mix going forward? And on 
last piece, do we have any plans to like share by these segments revenue and margins by these 
segments? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
So till now I would like to mention that -- our major focus has always been into specialty 
chemicals for textiles. Now, textile itself is a huge subject because let me mention here to the 
participants that we have to be very sure on the product and the appropriation of it because 
cotton, polyester, acrylic, wool, nylon all have different kind of chemicals. 
Again, it has to be bifurcated on the basis of the application, the process being carried out and 
also on the make of the machines. Everything leads to customized tailor-made solution. So we 
have the entire range for all the substrates from pre-treatment, which is the cleaning process, 
then the dyeing, then the printing and the finishing process, which is giving the final touch to 
the fabric. So all these 4 processes, we are present totally. So we have been able to give end-to-
end packages to the customers. 
Along with that, we are the company which has the highest number of product certification. 
More than 300 products of Fineotex has been into the DST Level 3 layer approvals, which helps 
a lot for the buyers to have the ecological approvals for their customers. And also, we have the 
best technical team pan India, also in Bangladesh, who have been continuously supplying and 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
servicing the companies and also offering the products from our joint venture tie-ups in Belgium 
and in the Australian tie-ups which we have. 
So going forward, textile has been one of the areas where there is a lot of new news trends, which 
have been coming up. By talking about the future about it, I think still textile is going very well. 
Like I said, although it's #1 for us, it still has grown up by 20% in terms of revenue -- 20% in 
terms of volume in the last quarter itself, and it is getting more and more sustainable. And going 
forward, I think all these -- the EBITDA margins of these -- all the divisions are almost similar. 
Let's put it like that, maybe in textiles, we have a better gross margins because there is a lot of 
technical manpower, services, certifications, factory audits. Our plants are audited by German 
certification bodies. And there is a certain level of sustainability and systems, which we have to 
adhere to, which also cost a lot of revenue expenditures as such. If we talk on that level, the 
EBITDA margins for all are almost the same. The gross margins in textile is more than the other. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Supan Parekh, who is an individual investor. 
Supan Parekh: 
Sir, I just want to have 3, 4 questions. The first one is, what is the reason for the flattish sale on 
the 9 months basis? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Okay. So I just covered this question in the beginning also. So there has been -- and also in our 
opening remarks, which will also be there on the transcript going forward. So as such, what we 
have already informed the participants about the demand in the 9 months and also in the 3 months 
that there has been a little bit effect on the FMCG businesses due to the slowness in the urban 
and the rural demand in the last quarter, which is again on some -- getting back on track already 
due to the new budget taxation norms and also the stimulus, which has come back on that. 
And also the textiles, the Bangladesh orders and the LC systems were not in place, as we all 
know about. And that is also getting better with the new U.S., the rules and also the kind of 
banking facility, which Bangladesh is coming up again with. So I think those things are also 
much better than where it was before. 
Supan Parekh: 
Okay. So do you see any development in Bangladesh going forward after our sales? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
We already have an office there. Our team is there. In fact, we are going to hire more people 
there, more technical team and sales team there because of the opportunities, which we are able 
to easily spot out. And I think going forward, these are small terms ups and downs, which does 
happen sometimes. So this is nothing new for Bangladesh market and things like that. 
Supan Parekh: 
Okay. Sir, any particular reason for decline in our margins for Q3? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Actually, I would not say it is a decline. If you see our gross margins, our gross margins are still 
at 41%. So I won't call it decline at all. In fact, it is slightly higher, if I can put it like that. And 
so, as we have been also -- in fact, the EBITDA margins are also better than the quarter-on-
quarter basis. EBITDA margins are 27-odd percent. I won't call it at all as decline in the margins. 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Supan Parekh: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, one more question is that, what is the sales split between our textile 
business and Cleaning and Hygiene segment? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
So actually, you mean about the quarter 3 or you mean about how -- what's the... 
Supan Parekh: 
Quarter 3. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Let me give you a broader analysis about it. Let's say, the quarter 3, I think 78% was textile 
almost and 23% was FMCG and others. And yes, so something like that and the ratio about it. 
However, in the -- if you talk about 9 months, the 9 months was, I think 70% was textile and 
almost 30% was there or something like that. 
Supan Parekh: 
Okay. So going forward... 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
The total volume of the company for the quarter has gone down by almost 4% to 5%, almost 
5%. So that's something about it. There was slight pricing pressure, but I will not say pressure 
only. It was also because some of the orders have been postponed. So those products orders has 
not been reflected till now. 
Supan Parekh: 
Okay. And also, sir, like going forward in like next 2, 3 quarters, like even say, a year or so, do 
we see an improvement in like split-wise, like the textile would decline or the cleaning and 
hygiene would go ahead or something like that? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
See, I can tell you that the worst is behind us. And that I would like to mention for all the verticals 
actually. And so, sometimes what happens, there are trends in textiles and certain markets, 
certain product lines, certain times the cotton prices goes up, so there is more demand for 
polyester chemicals. Certain times, the cotton prices goes down. So a lot of companies are using 
more of cotton in the product mix. So the cotton sales increases, the cotton chemical sales 
increases. So these fluctuations are always there. 
How I would like you to look at us is not -- see, our company's vision is very clear. We are not 
working for quarter-on-quarter basis. If you see our growth for the last 13 years of being listed 
or 14 years of being listed, we have a CAGR of 28%. In any of the quarter, you will not find our 
EBITDA below 17% over the 54 quarters of being listed. That is number one. 
Number two, in the last 4 years, 5 years, our company has done almost a growth of 70% CAGR. 
And, I mean, we are very sure about what is the way we are looking at a directional even when 
it was 2020, the first COVID, the most unbearable quarter, we were on the on-look to buy a new 
factory land in Ambernath, which we did already and where we had started in '21, and that 
capacity went up from 20,000 to 61,000 in the next 1 or 2, 3 years. 
So I would like that we cannot look at things in a very narrow style of looking at because our 
company is not those companies which are -- we have a great history along with us. And we 
have out par always the expectations and the kind of businesses of our co-producers and the 
other chemical companies in the industry. 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Our focus is on product diversification and technology advancements. And this has been well 
received by our customers. We are gaining significant market opportunities. We are gaining a 
lot of interest by most of our customers for new product lines. So there is definitely a great 
demand coming up. We are here not for only the short-term basis, we are here for a very long 
vision. And that is all Fineotex is all about. 
Supan Parekh: 
Okay, sir. My last question would be, sir, we have mentioned like stated in the IP that oil and 
gas and water treatment vertical will be a growth driver. Can you elaborate on the same a bit? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Well, these are the areas which we were already having certain kind of product lines. As such, 
we are doing a lot of chemistries, which goes for textiles and similar kind of chemistries are used 
in the drilling and water treatment. And we have already have a great team now for the 
development of this business. 
We are, in fact, quite happy to mention also that in the quarter 3, our businesses has gone up by 
almost 30x quarter year-on-year basis in the drilling. And so, this is the kind of growth which 
we have already seen. Of course, when the numbers are smaller, the times growth is always 
higher. 
What I'm trying to mention is, there are a lot of things and which we have already mentioned to 
the participants in this call right now. A lot of actions are going on. Things do take time in oil 
and gas also because these are $20 billion, $18 billion companies, and we are trying to develop 
a lot of businesses through them with them. And once done, these are sustainable businesses and 
very high entry, exit barrier businesses. It's not in and out kind of businesses. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anirudh Daga from AV Securities. 
Anirudh Daga: 
Sir, just a couple of questions, sir. Regarding the capacity expansion, sir, you said they're going 
to be starting off in the next quarter, is it? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
No. We mentioned quarter 2, I mean, so by June -- by July to September, yes. 
Anirudh Daga: 
Okay. Sir, what is the expansion size as we are like at 104,000 tonnes as of now, something like 
that? So where will we get that? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
So actually, the plan has been on Phase 1, we will have another 15,000 tonnes of additional 
capacity there in the new plant and which is under commission now. 
Anirudh Daga: 
Okay. And sir, you had also mentioned you're going to be shifting some of the lines from the 
Mahape plant to the Ambernath plant. So is that going to affect the capacity utilization as such? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Well, not exactly. Rather, it will help us to have more economies of scale. We can expect the 
operating cost to go lower because the kind of technology in the new plant, the kind of 
movement, the kind of -- because in the Mahape plants and other things, there are bottlenecks 
of logistics also. So that will also ease the movement and better higher production batches can 
be conducted, which will help to reduce the cost also to some extent. 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Anirudh Daga: 
Okay, sir. Sir, just another question. I know you answered this a couple of times already. Sir, 
there was one particular company that you are looking at for the acquisition, right, some foreign 
company. So now is that deal not going to happen and you're looking at other opportunities or 
that particular company is still under consideration and it's not finalized as well? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
So, I mean, as we have already disclosed on the stock exchange, we have already under advanced 
level of discussion that is well mentioned about it. These things do take a lot of time as such, 
and there is a lot of work being done on that angle, a lot of things to check and things to verify 
diligences this and that. 
So a lot of things are on way. Apart from that, we are always open, and that's what is happening 
in the last 2, 3 quarters as we have experienced that the chem spec industry and the chemical 
industry in general has not been the best years for them. And that has also, in fact, helped us to 
bring a lot many more opportunities. 
Now, like everyone is aware about the kind of fundraising we have and the cash on books we 
have. So the targets, the potential targets are also very comfortable to open up with us and have 
a kind of association and explore this kind of M&A opportunities. And this has also been under 
consideration. 
Anirudh Daga: 
Sir, I asked the question because it's been around 3, 9-odd months already since we are getting 
the due diligence done. Now, because the preference shares that we allotted, the money is going 
to come back into the company, say, like what now and 9, 10-odd months, the balance 75%? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Actually, out of the preferential raised, the promoters have contributed INR 44 crores, and which 
is -- yes, so by November, the remaining -- by October or November is the other remaining 75% 
of that has to come in. But this is a mix of equity and warrants. So it's not 100% warrant at all. 
So there is another expectation, if I'm not wrong, of INR 150 crores, which has to yet come by 
November. So that is fine that way. Was that your question? 
Anirudh Daga: 
Yes. So that is what I'm asking, sir. We have, I don't know, plus north of what, INR 600 crores 
on the book by then if we do not acquire something. So that is what I was asking that. Do you 
have planning like acquisition? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
How we look at the company, see, I would like to mention in a different way. As you have seen, 
we have already done the acquisition in 2011 immediately in 3 months after the fund raise, okay? 
Now this kind of acquisition, which was done within 3 months of fundraise, there were a lot of 
-- you could see the results, but the seeds were saw at least 1 or 2 years before that. 
It is very important to be -- to make sure that the best value for the investors and stakeholders 
and, of course, the promoters and everyone who are together in this thing to get it at the best 
offer, best deal, best kind of synergy and et cetera. This money is lying. It's not a liability. It's an 
asset. It has to be used very prudentially. 
We will not be doing anything for the heck of like other chemical companies, most of us know 
examples, which a lot of funds have been raised, certain chemical companies have been bought 

 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
 
 
February 17, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
and not faring well. We do not want to have a sorry figure at the end of it. We have to be very 
sure about the kind of company we are buying. We have patience. We are disciplined. 
We want to make sure the EPS accredited. We want to make sure there is a synergy in the 
businesses. We will not be any kind of impatient hurriedly risk or anything like that. And so, 
yes, this is what I would like to mention, not only to you to all the participants for that point. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavin Soni from Anand Rathi Shares and Stock Brokers 
Limited. 
Bhavin Soni: 
I just needed a volume pickup for 9 months and Q3 if available. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Okay. So basically, the volume in quarter -- let's say, in the 9 months, the volumes are almost 
flat and let's say, it's 1% down or something like that. And in the quarter 3, the volumes are down 
by 4%, more or less, 4-point-something. 
Bhavin Soni: 
Okay. And the mix would be broadly 70%, 30% or between FMCG and textile? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
But there are other businesses also. As such, you mean for the quarter -- I mean, you mean for 
the value terms or you mean for the... 
Bhavin Soni: 
Volume mix. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
For the volume mix, yes. For the volume mix, if you talk about quarter, let's say, out of this, I 
think almost 56% is textiles, 57% in the volume terms. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Sanjay for closing comments. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: 
Thank you very much. I would like to mention, our company is totally focused on product 
diversification and has a great vision for the coming years. There are a lot of technological 
advancement done by all the company's team members. 
I would like to thank all the employees, customers, investors, stakeholders for their continued 
support and trust in Fineotex. Our journey so far has been one of the resilience, adaptability and 
innovation. We remain committed to creating a long-term value for all of you. Thank you so 
much. Have a great day ahead. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Fineotex Chemical Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
