 
360 ONE WAM LIMITED  
 
Corporate & Registered Office: 360 ONE Centre, Kamala City, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel (West), Mumbai – 400 013 
 
Tel (91-22) 4876 5600       Fax  (91-22) 4341 1895         Email  secretarial@360.one          www.360.one 
CIN: L74140MH2008PLC177884 
January 31, 2025 
 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001. 
BSE Scrip Code: 542772 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 5 Floor, Plot C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai 400 051. 
NSE Symbol: 360ONE 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of earnings call 
 
This is further to our intimation dated January 18, 2025, informing the exchanges regarding 
the details of the earnings call scheduled on Monday, January 27, 2025, at 5:30 p.m. (IST) to 
discuss the Company's performance for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 
2024.  
 
Pursuant to the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings call held on Monday, January 
27, 2025. We wish to confirm that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared / 
discussed in the aforesaid earnings call. 
 
The said transcript shall also be made available on the website of the Company.  
 
We request you to kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For 360 ONE WAM LIMITED 
 
 
 
Rohit Bhase 
Company Secretary 
(ACS: 21409) 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
ROHIT 
SHRINIW
AS BHASE
Digitally signed by ROHIT SHRINIWAS 
BHASE 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=9421616081934645adcfc1a
0d4ef0566, 
2.5.4.20=f3ccb280e3934ee3cab27d2a8d
3957f3b42d472b212e856194b18be1d31
3495c, postalCode=400606, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=f3a29d477a6af302b6e994
490a879ca18ef7c528c4cce233d82e23f8d
fd4e0bb, cn=ROHIT SHRINIWAS BHASE 
Date: 2025.01.31 15:52:24 +05'30'

1 
 
360 ONE WAM Limited - Earnings Call Q3 
FY25 - January 27, 2025 
 
 
- Mr. Anil - Moderator, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
 
- 
Good evening, ladies, and gentlemen and welcome to 360 ONE WAM’s Q3 FY25 
Earnings Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen only mode. There will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the management shares their thoughts. 
Should you require assistance during the conference, kindly signal the host by tapping 
on the ‘Raise Hand’ icon. Please note this conference is being recorded. 
 
- 
On the call today we have with us Mr. Karan Bhagat - Managing Director & CEO, Mr. 
Anshuman Maheshwary - Chief Operating Officer and Mr. Sanjay Wadhwa - Chief 
Financial Officer. 
 
- 
I now hand it over to Sanjay to take this conference ahead. Thank you. 
- Mr. Sanjay Wadhwa - Chief Financial Officer, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
 
- 
Thank you, Anil, and a very good evening. Starting with the macros, as we know, Indian 
equities, after outperforming for most of CY24, witnessed capital market volatility over 
the last couple of months. Even with expectations of a marginal slowdown in near term 
growth, the broad economic outlook remains stable, and amongst the best within 
developed and emerging economies. Looking through the short-term volatility, we 
continue to remain bullish about India’s long term growth story, which will act as a 
tailwind for India’s wealth & asset management sector, supported by faster wealth 
creation outside traditional pockets and overall low penetration 
 
- 
Coming to the business and financial numbers - in Q3, our total ARR AUM increased to 
Rs 2,47,999 Crs - up 33% YoY. This growth was supported by strong net flows at Rs 6,643 
Crs - up 12% YoY. With this, our overall 9M FY25 flows more than doubled to Rs 21,979 
Crs as against Rs 10,250 Crs in 9M FY24 
 
- 
Our Wealth ARR AUM stood at Rs 1,62,749 Crs - up 39% YoY, while AMC ARR AUM stood 
at Rs 85,250 Crs - up 23% YoY. Wealth ARR net flows stood at Rs 5,940 Crs - up 24% YoY, 
while AMC gross flows were at approx. Rs 3,000 Crs 
 
- 
AMC AUM saw a marginal reduction on a QoQ basis due to negative MTM. The impact 
was minimal as a diversified asset base and strong gross flows provided cushion against 
market correction. The negative MTM in Listed Equities was nearly offset by positive 
momentum in the PE and customised multi-asset segments 

2 
 
- 
Our ARR Revenues for the quarter grew by 26.2% YoY at Rs 426 Crs, led by growth in 
assets across business segments and healthy retentions. Our ARR Revenues, as a % of 
total revenues from operations, stood at 70.4%. As a strategy, we continue to focus on 
increasing the share of ARR revenue in the overall pie. Our Overall ARR Retentions stood 
at 70 bps with Wealth Management ARR Retentions at 73 bps and Asset Management 
retentions at 65 bps 
 
- 
Total Revenue from Operations is up 38% YoY at Rs 605 Crs for Q3 FY25 
 
- 
Total Costs stood at Rs 319 Crs in Q3 FY25 
 
- 
The employee costs were Rs 240 Crs while other costs stood at Rs 79 Crs 
 
- 
Our cost-to-income ratio stood at 47.1% for Q3 and 44.3% for 9M 
 
- 
Our operating profit grew by 37% YoY at Rs 286 Crs 
 
- 
Once again, we are very happy to report our highest ever quarterly PAT in Q3. PAT rose 
by 41.7% to Rs 275 Crs with Tangible RoE at 24.1%. We expect the ROE to improve as 
the full business impact of the deployment of QIP proceeds starts to flow over the next 
3-4 quarters 
 
- 
With that, I would like to hand it over to Anshuman to cover key business and strategic 
highlights 
- Mr. Anshuman Maheshwary - Chief Operating Officer, 360 ONE WAM Ltd.: 
 
- Thanks, Sanjay, and good evening everyone. At the outset, let me reiterate, we are 
extremely excited by the strong business performance of Q3 and 9M FY25. The last 4-5 
quarters have been very interesting for the industry and for us, both in terms of 
business trends and equity markets. It has further reinforced the resilience of our 
business to market uncertainties and the benefit and the financial stability of having a 
very strong recurring revenue base 
 
- The growth in the industry continues at a rapid pace. The shift towards professional 
wealth management, particularly Advisory services, continues and it highlights our 
clients’ increasing recognition of the benefits of professional portfolio management in 
mitigating biases and enhancing performance. Nearly 50% of our wealth ARR net flows 
in 9M FY25 have been contributed by 36O ONE Plus, our advisory proposition. 
Additionally, alternates spanning - private equity, venture, credit, real assets continue to 
grow as a key avenue for portfolio diversification and superior returns. Again, a segment 
where we are sharply focused and are one of the market leaders. 

3 
 
- On the Asset Management side, we continue to see strong gross flows across strategies. 
The planned distributions on our initial late stage funds are nearly complete and, should 
be completed in the next couple of quarters and, that'll bring out the connectivity on 
gross flows and net flows. Our presence across diversified asset classes, again, on the 
Asset Management side adds flexibility and strength to the client portfolios as well as 
our financial performance across market cycles 
 
- A quick update on our new strategic initiatives. Over the last quarter, we've 
strengthened our HNI platform. We are onboarding clients as a part of the soft launch 
that's been going on. The team buildout is very well underway and we are on track for 
the full launch starting April. We are very excited by getting this out into the market in a 
big way. The global platform is also coming along well. Our EAM tie-ups are in place and, 
we continue to engage with clients on a selective basis, testing the overall proposition 
and making refinements to it, based on client inputs and experiences 
 
- Finally, on ET Money, the regulatory approvals, related to the transaction, have been 
received. Over the last few months, as we were waiting to consummate the transaction, 
we've been thinking through the strategic agenda, going deep into areas of synergies, 
growth, monetization. We are excited to consummate the transaction over the next 
week to 10 days and, take the business forward along with the ET Money leadership 
 
- 360 ONE’s commitment to quality, innovation and a client-centric approach solidifies 
our position as a leader in the wealth management and alternate space, driving 
responsible and sustainable growth in this rapidly transforming market. Throughout our 
journey, we have consistently evaluated new opportunities which can add strategic 
value to our stakeholders, which is clients and our shareholders. Our key endeavor has 
always been to cater to our clients first with the most comprehensive platform and the 
best possible proposition 
 
- In line with this vision, we are very excited to announce the proposed acquisition of B&K 
Securities and B&K Finserv. As a lot of you will know, B&K is one of the most established 
and leading midcap brokerage houses in the country with a legacy of over 100-odd 
years. It has a very strong business on the institutional equity side with a large cross 
section of DIIs and FIIs being a part of its client portfolio. It also has a strong Corporate 
Treasury’s business with more than 600 corporate clients and a 75% share of recurring 
revenues in that particular segment. The team is extremely strong. They have a team of 
about 275+ people, 55-60 focused research analysts, very clearly a team that has been 
rated top quartile by its key clients and recognized for governance, culture and client 
centricity; values and elements that are very critical to us, as 360 ONE. In addition to 
institutional equities and corporate treasury, these two set up the pillars for establishing 
and building out an equity capital markets business. So, that's a recently launched 
business segment offering Merchant Banking services to a select group of clients and, 
the team expansion in B&K is underway to offer full-fledged ECM capabilities to 
domestic institutional clients as well as its treasury clients. 

4 
 
 
- We're extremely excited by the synergies that this business offers across both 
leveraging our current business to expand on the B&K business offerings as well as 
leverage the B&K relationships and, specifically the B&K research on the midcap and 
small-cap side, for our clients and for our businesses. Karan will, of course, speak about 
the synergies and how we see it even further 
 
- Couple of things to highlight about the transaction itself. We are very excited that the 
team and the leadership will continue and will move into 360 ONE. The leadership and 
the team are committed and very excited by the potential. And the transaction 
structure, if you all had a look at it, actually captures the optimism and the excitement 
on what can be created together over the next 5-7 years. Specifically, just sharing a little 
bit of detail on the transaction structure itself. It's a combination of upfront cash as well 
as stock issuance to the promoters. The deal consideration is Rs 1,884 Crs, which is 
inclusive of about Rs 200 Crs of cash or cash equivalents that is in the entities. The deal 
is structured such that there is a cash payout of Rs 710 Crs and then, there are 1 Cr 
equity shares of 360 ONE WAM at Rs 1174 per share that will get issued. This share has 
a lock-in of 5 years with the 20% pro rata release for each year. We have in place a long 
term employment and retention plan as well for the leadership and team members, 
which again comprises both of ESOPs as well as cash payouts linked to financial targets. 
The plan and the retention plan is in place for a period of next 6 years, again clearly 
highlighting the long term optimism that we have on what can be created 
 
- Basis the 9M FY25 Earnings, we see the deal consideration at about 17-18x trailing P/E 
and about 13-15x forward P/E. Again, we are very excited that the transaction is EPS 
accretive from day one and once the transaction consummates, over FY26 and FY27, 
specifically with synergies, we see significant EPS accretive opportunities coming from 
the transaction 
 
- Before I hand it over to Karan, just want to highlight that on the ESG front, CRISIL has 
assigned a strong rating to 360 ONE. The score that we've got is one of the highest 
among wealth and asset managers in India and it's reaffirming our strong commitment 
to the long term ESG practices that we've been undertaking. And, secondly, we are very 
proud to be recognized as the Best Private Bank India by Asian Private Bankers Awards 
for Distinction in ‘2024. We understand it's a marquee award and we've won it many 
times over the last few years and we continue to be very proud recipient of this award. 
 
- So, with that, I'll open it up and request Karan to come in and share his thoughts on the 
business as well as on the transaction 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat - Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd.: 
 
- Thank you, Sanjay. Thank you, Anshuman. Good evening, everyone, and I'll take 2 or 3 
minutes to just talk about the two businesses, wealth and asset management, and 

5 
 
potentially another couple of minutes on our acquisition of B&K Securities and then 
we'll open up the floor for question and answers 
 
- Over the last quarter, pretty much like we've seen over the last 6-9 months, the level of 
activity, both on the Wealth Management business as well as the Asset Management 
business, continue to be quite strong. Obviously, with a little bit of tiredness with 
clients, especially on investing on the equity side. Generally, as a firm, we've been a little 
conservative on new incremental allocation to midcaps and single stock ideas. Clients 
are more or less sitting with a little bit of liquidity, hoping and anticipating and having 
the ability to invest over the next 3-6 months. So, overall, while we remain fairly 
optimistic about the market, most of our clients are extremely well set and have a fairly 
large inclination towards having a portion of the portfolio in fixed income and 
continuing to invest with the right sort of opportunities over the next 6-12 months. 
 
- On the business structure side on the Wealth Management side, the mantra for all large 
clients continues to be more on the advisory side. There's a whole breed of new clients 
who are focused on the orientation of building up a family office but looking out for 
bespoke players, like us, to provide them the right set of advice and opportunities 
where they can transact and match their asset allocation together with their complex 
needs in terms of tax structuring as well as other ideas. In terms of geographical 
expansion, that effort continues. It is still a tough job to get the right talent matched in 
every location, but we've come a long way over the last 12-18 months, and today, we 
have the ability to identify one or two people in each of these locations who are able to 
carry the brand 360 ONE to clients in an effective manner 
 
- On the Asset Management side, our competitive positioning on the alternate continues 
to be fairly strong. We managed to close our new special opportunities fund at a total of 
~Rs 5000 Crs, a very good number. Performance for all the last 5 funds has been stellar. 
SOF 9, 10, 11 and 12 - all the last 4 versions continue to run at IRRs in excess of 25%-30% 
and our ability to attract clients on a repeat basis to these strategies continues to be 
strong. We’ve also started sector-focused private equity funds, especially in the space of 
financial services, tech, consumer and healthcare. Our Financial Services fund, the first 
one which we did 2 years back, is running at an IRR of 40%-45%. So, very upbeat on that. 
And we've just launched our first Healthcare fund, which we will close at around about 
$100 million. So, on the alternate side, the space on both private equity as well as yield 
assets continues to be fairly strong. We still continue to be largely financial investors as 
opposed to being operators on the alternate asset side. So, while the net flows look a 
little muted, it's still a function of the Rs 1,000 Crs of net outflows which we have from 
earlier investments getting over. But, overall, the gross flows continue to be fairly 
exciting 
 
- On the listed side of the business, we continue to maintain a fairly healthy mix in terms 
of retentions and the right set of clients. We are optimistic as time goes by, again, over 
this next 6-odd months, we're sure that out of the institutional mandates we've been 

6 
 
covering, we'll definitely convert 1 or 2. And over a period of next 12-18 months, even 
though the sales cycle for some of these mandates are long, we continue to be very well 
engaged with some of these institutions to enable the right set of net flows to come in 
 
- As a supplement business to the Wealth Management side, equity brokerage has been 
one of the businesses where we’ve potentially not fired to the full extent. Our equity 
brokerage revenue numbers have been around about Rs 60-70 Crs over the last 3-4 
years, coming largely from our UHNI and HNI clients. While we don't plan to change 
that, most of these large clients of ours were trading potentially with other brokers and 
competitors and, we really didn't have the right research product. B&K Securities will do 
this for us by strongly adding a research product to the entire platform. And most 
importantly, it creates a powerful flywheel of offerings to deliver exceptional value for 
our clients. And like some of the large global private banks, especially for clients who are 
above $500 million, it ensures that we have the full flywheel of being able to cover all 
aspects of offering to our clients, whether it's on the lending side, whether it's on the 
equity side, banking side and most importantly, on the wealth management side 
 
- The Corporate Treasury business, again, is a business which we've not kind of 
traditionally focused on but is a fairly sticky business. B&K has built it extremely well, 
more than close to about Rs 15,000 Crs of AUM with a very steady flow of about Rs 40- 
50 Crs of annual trail revenue on the mutual fund side 
 
- We like the strategic acquisition for 4 or 5 primary reasons and, I'll spend 2 or 3 quick 
minutes on that. The first and most important reason is that it gives us expanded 
research leadership, the coverage of stocks ranges from 450-500 stocks with a 
specialized focus on DIIs. As Anshuman said, one of the top quartile-rated analyst teams 
in the country, but most importantly for us, it's a very aligned culture and expertise. 
We've had the opportunity to spend a lot of time with the team and like us, they're very 
focused, spend a lot of time on ensuring that they deliver the right value to the client. 
And there's a 24/7 penchant on ensuring that all queries, all things concerning the client 
are addressed immediately. Sahil has built the business and transformed it over the last 
4-5 years. And most importantly, the transaction envisages him to continue over the 
next 5 years with a large part of his consideration invested back into the 360 ONE stock 
 
- Obviously, with the addition of a little bit of enhanced capital and balance sheet, their 
ability to attract and serve a wider institutional client base under the aegis of 360 ONE 
will also get enhanced. For us at 360 ONE, it allows us to fill the missing gap with 
cutting-edge research and strong investment banking footprint. But most importantly, it 
also gives us much more deeper engagement with our promoter families and helps us 
serve them across the entire cap table 
 
- On the Corporate Treasury side, for those existing relationships, as we supplement and 
add our wealth management platform and the fixed income desk to these set of clients, 
we'll be able to monetize these clients substantially better as opposed to the Rs 40-45 

7 
 
Crs of Treasury Mutual Fund income, which is currently being generated by these set of 
clients 
 
- For us, this acquisition marks a significant milestone and ensures that we will be able to 
create a flywheel of offerings to deliver exceptional value to our clients. So, overall, a 
fairly robust quarter. While capital markets, over the last 15-20 days have been slightly 
soft, for us, the net flows have continued to be strong on both the businesses, wealth 
and asset management. We continue to be extremely excited over the next 12-18 
months 
 
- With that, I'll open it up for questions. Thank you. 
 
Q&A Session 
 
- Mr. Anil Mascarenhas - Senior Executive VP - Communications, 360 ONE WAM Ltd.: 
 
- Thank you, Karan. In case you wish to ask a question, request you to tap on the ‘Raise 
hand’ icon. First in line we have Mohit Mangal. Kindly unmute yourself and ask your 
question. 
 
- Mr. Mohit Mangal – Participant: 
 
- Yeah, congratulations on a good set of numbers. So, first on this acquisition, I mean, if I 
look at the last 2 to 3 years, we have acquired ET Money, Mumbai Angels, and now B&K. 
So, just wanted to know, I mean, I understand that they supplement the wealth 
management business but do your focus is building on a holistic financial services 
company and maybe it would be no surprise that you would continue with such big 
acquisitions? 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat - Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd.: 
 
- As I said earlier, we have to complete the platform of offerings to the clients and if I 
were to look back over the last 24-36 months, this was a missing link especially both on 
the research and the capital market side. If I were to look at our client offerings, we 
were potentially missing that gap. We were leaving a gap open for our competitors to 
get in. And in a lot of cases, some of our competitors were able to use that to enter into 
the relationship. At the same point of time, we have phenomenal promoter connects 
and, were not being able to take advantage of those connects and ensure that we're 
able to build a deeper relationship with the client. Well, one of the best points to build a 
relationship with the client is obviously at the point of him raising some capital. So, 
that's something which we were missing 

8 
 
- From a focus perspective, it's not something, just given the specialization on each 
business, which we can build absolutely ground up from day zero. And that would 
consume a lot of our own management time and bandwidth. So, for any of these 
acquisitions to work, it's very important to find the right team on the ground. Not only 
the right team, but also the right product in terms of research 
 
- And thirdly and most importantly, both in terms of cultural alignment, retention and the 
ability to work together for the long term have to come through. And only if these three 
things can fall in place, it can have a multiplier effect. While acquisitions can or cannot 
work out, but I'm quite confident on this largely because of the amount of time we've 
been able to spend with each other and understand each other's business. While 360 
ONE's remained super sharp, laser focused on the wealth and the asset management 
side, I can say the same thing for B&K on the equity side. And, therefore, as long as 
there's a cultural fit, the sharp focus and the right time for management allocation 
between the three businesses will continue. 
 
- Mr. Mohit Mangal – Participant: 
 
- Understood. So, do you have anything more in the pipeline currently? 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat - Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd.: 
 
- No, not really. 
 
- Mr. Mohit Mangal – Participant: 
 
- Okay. Now coming to business, three major questions. So, first is on Other Income. So, 
markets were down but if I look at the number, that was up both sequentially as well as 
annually. So, what could be the reason for that? 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat - Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd.: 
 
- Other Income on the listed exposures is only Rs 260-280 Crs. Our large exposure is to 
fixed income and unlisted equity. So, a larger part of the uptick typically has happened 
on this unlisted equity side and we have a couple of investments in yield instruments 
which got converted to listed InvITs and listed REITs. So, if you look at our alternate 
exposure, it was around about Rs 1,800 Crs, which forms the bulk of our Other Income. 
Less than 14%-15% is in listed equity, the remaining 80%-85% is in yield assets or late 
stage private equity. 

9 
 
- Mr. Mohit Mangal – Participant: 
 
- Understood. In terms of net flows, I think we were good at around Rs 22,000-23,000 Crs 
and maybe the guidance for Rs 25,000-30,000 Crs for the entire year would be met. So, 
do you have any internal targets in terms of FY26? 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat - Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd.: 
 
- Honestly, Mohit, we could have done slightly better on net flows for the year. While our 
target was 25-30k, we should have been closer to 30-35k just given the kind of year it 
was. But, we would want to keep that track of being able to have around about 10%- 
12% of AUM added through net flows. If we were to start the next year, including the 
mark-to-market and stuff like that, Rs 25,000-30,000 Crs would need to equate to about 
the Rs 35,000-40,000 Crs number to be able to kind of match the 10% because to get to 
the 20%-25% AUM growth, we need to do the 10%-12% AUM growth on the new base. 
And, obviously, 8%-10% can happen through mark-to-market over a period of time. The 
only way to get to the 20%-23% AUM growth is to ensure we get a 10% AUM growth on 
the opening base. 
 
- Mr. Mohit Mangal – Participant: 
 
- Right, makes sense. Lastly, in terms of attrition, RM or client, over the last 9 months did 
you see anything unusual or was it business as usual? 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat - Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd.: 
 
- No, we've seen a little bit of an incremental attrition on the North side of our business 
on the wealth management side. So, a couple of leadership changes, which we had to 
make more driven out of our own business priorities. And that resulted in 6-7 wealth 
managers moving out of our Delhi office. So, that's the only place where we’ve see an 
incremental attrition, but well under control. We have 130-140 senior bankers across 
the country and in that sense, we have 4,500-5,000 large families above Rs 10 Crs, so in 
terms of the ability and capacity to serve those clients is well established. So, from a 
business perspective, Delhi itself might see a 3%-4% or maybe 5% maximum reduction 
in revenue, but at the same point of time, we've attracted a whole host of people from 
other private banking platforms. And as we've kind of ended up adding new senior folks 
in our North market over the last 45 days, by April, May, June, we will be old team 
strength plus 10%-15%. Overall, North will end up, from a revenue pool of about Rs 160 
Crs, at 40%-50% higher over the next 2-2.5 years. So, you will see a temporary blip of 
5%-6%, there but nothing beyond that. And from a client attrition perspective, we 
haven't seen any large trend yet. The clients are pretty much still intact. Maybe with 3 
or 4 families, we will see attrition but largely client-wise, it's pretty much there. For 
every team which moves out, it's a long process as they onboard. Outside of that, we 
haven't really seen any crazy attrition. But please, also remember that for every 

10 
 
relationship, we have at least 3 teams interacting with the client. We've got investment 
advisory team, we've got the product team and we've got the relationship team. So, as 
such, it's a fairly comprehensive and tight setup. Even today, we've got a couple of really 
senior folks from Mumbai who relocated to Delhi and we've got the entire residual RM 
team plus the new relationship team there. So, in that sense that's the only thing. 
Outside of that, across all businesses it's just business as usual. That's the only 
geography where we’ve seen some bit of attrition. 
 
- Mr. Mohit Mangal – Participant: 
 
- Understood. And, lastly, in terms of RM hiring, so what are the plans for FY26? 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat - Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd.: 
 
- I think, conservative. I don't see us hiring like crazy. I don't think the business is anymore 
about just adding RMs. It's about adding the right set of RMs. And the industry on the 
wealth management side, it will consolidate a lot over the next 12-18 months. And there 
has been a little bit of competitive excess in the industry over the last 6-8 months and 
that's what set off a bit with a whole host of transaction income and selling of unlisted 
stocks and ideas. That obviously can't continue perpetually. So just going out and 
building cost models which need to be offset with that income or other income is not 
really going to play out over the longer term. We'll grow steadily and around about 8-10 
incremental hires in North. Outside of that, we'll still continue with the same pace of 
adding around about 15-25 bankers. So, if you ask me, in total next year we'll add 
around about 20-25 bankers, which is around about 7-8 more than what we would 
normally do, which is largely a replacement hiring. 
 
- Mr. Mohit Mangal – Participant: 
 
- Understood. Thanks and wish you all the best. 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat - Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd.: 
 
- Thank you. 
 
- Mr. Anil Mascarenhas - Senior Executive VP - Communications, 360 ONE WAM Ltd.: 
 
- Request you to restrict yourself to two questions. You can come back to the queue again 
once the questions are done. Next in line we have Prayesh Jain. Kindly unmute yourself 
and ask your question. 

11 
 
- Mr. Prayesh Jain – Participant: 
 
- Hi, Karan. Can you hear me? 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat - Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd.: 
 
- Hi, Prayesh. How are you? 
 
- Mr. Prayesh Jain – Participant: 
 
- I'm good. Karan, just firstly on this acquisition. We've been talking about the ARR growth 
and we would be kind of sticking to the high share of ARR revenues in our business 
model. But as I understand, both IE, IB have a very high transactional income. In fact, 
they are transactional in nature completely. So, that does change or alter the way we 
look at 360 ONE as a whole with respect to how the ARR versus TBR will kind of move 
going ahead. Just on that bit, again if there is a possibility you can share us the revenue 
breakdown between IE, IB and the Treasury of B&K Securities. 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat - Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd.: 
 
- I fully agree with you. We're very conscious of that split but, from a change in revenue 
mix, I don't see too much changing just given the overall size of our ARR growth in ARR 
and the TBR mix. So, just to put things in context, out of our overall revenues of 
approximately Rs 2,500-2,600 Crs in a year, around Rs 1,600-1,700 Crs is on the ARR 
side, which is approximately 65%-70%. And the transactional income obviously has been 
exceptional last year. It's been close to around about Rs 700 Crs. But like I've said many 
times, I don't think that that's possible to sustain. The Rs 700 Crs in most markets would 
be close to Rs 450-500 Crs or Rs 125 Crs a quarter or Rs 130 Crs a quarter. This year, we 
have Rs 150-175 Crs of transaction income extra and I don't think it will sustain in every 
market. Obviously, last 9 months and the 12 months before that the markets have been 
on a tear. So, the brokerage revenue of B&K together with our transaction revenue 
more or less remains at the same amount for the next year. So, the current revenue, 
transaction revenue, number of Rs 700-750 Crs may potentially come down to Rs 500- 
550 Crs and we are now around about Rs200-250 Crs of brokerage income from B&K 
next year. Whereas, obviously, the ARR income continues to grow in a fairly steady 
manner at 12%-18% every year. So, overall, at Rs 2,800 Crs and you add another Rs 200- 
250 Crs of transaction revenue and reduce Rs 150 Crs transaction revenue and add the 
ARR, our transaction revenue will continue to be in that subset of around about 20%- 
25%. And I think all global benchmarks, broadly speaking, there are two things we would 
like to follow. We'd obviously like to grow our ARR revenue significantly. The two 
numbers we'll want to track is we want to ensure our TBR incomes around the 20%-22% 
range, our Net Interest Margin also is around the 20% range and the rest of the income, 
which is your wealth management advisory income, your asset management fee income 
and the wealth management distribution income, that accounts for around about 60% 

12 
 
of the income. So, just from a perspective in terms of quality, health of earnings and 
health of revenues, that's the mix we would like to see. So, about 60% coming from fees 
charged to the client plus the trail earned from the manufacturers. Maximum of 20% 
coming from Net Interest Margin and a maximum of 20% coming from TBR. So, that’s 
the long-term plan. There will be years where this gets a little distorted. So for example, 
last year, just the way the markets are, TBR has increased a bit. But generally speaking, 
the two numbers which we want to ensure are not more than 20% is NIM and not more 
than 20% is TBR. On the mix of revenues from B&K perspective, around Rs 250-260 Crs, 
nearly 80%is coming from institutional equities. Only approximately 4-5% is currently 
from investment banking and approximately 17-18% comes from mutual fund 
distribution. Institutional equities makes up the bulk of it, which is about 75-80% of the 
revenues. Obviously, that can also have a direct linkage to the market but it’s not as 
cyclical and binary as the investment banking mandates. That’s obviously a bit of a slow 
business, but they have a strong client base, both in terms of domestic mutual funds 
and insurance companies as well as FIIs. Lastly, the corporate mutual fund distribution 
business is obviously fairly unique. They would be among the top 3 players in the 
country and the mutual fund trail business of Rs 40-45 Crs is extremely sticky. So overall, 
if you look at the business, the institutional equity brokerage, I wouldn’t put it in the 
same cyclical bucket as much as investment banking and overall, if I look at the pool of 
our own revenues, it would still be around 60-65% and, they are our 20-odd percent net 
interest margin and 20% transaction. 
 
- Mr. Prayesh Jain - Participant: 
 
- That’s pretty helpful. Just on the core business front, how has been the customer 
behavior and with respect to flows and anything that you can help us understand what's 
happening given the sharp market corrections we have seen? 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- Very difficult to call it out, but generally speaking, clients are comfortable right now and 
if you see our asset allocation committee notes and all the religious efforts we made 
over the last 6 odd months, we advised clients to have anywhere from 10 to 30% cash. 
We are underweight midcaps now maybe more than what we should have, maybe 9 
months to 15 months. So, obviously, you can’t get these things right. But, generally 
speaking, our average client is having a lower weightage and lower allocation to 
midcaps and potentially sitting on 10 to 30% cash. Is there a frenzy to invest the 10-30% 
cash? the answer is no. The clients are still looking out and waiting out for the right set 
of opportunities. Having said that, is there a concern on the flurry of activities 
continuing, of becoming lower? The markets to continue to head one way and there is a 
fair degree of volatility over the next 30 to 45 to 60 days, you might see the level of 
activity come down a bit but overall, most of our clients are fairly in a comfortable 
position and I wouldn’t say they feel that this is yet the best time to kind of come in with 
that 10-30%. 

13 
 
 
- Mr. Prayesh Jain - Participant: 
 
- How do you look at cost to income? With this acquisition and whether any… 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- Nothing different at all. The new acquisitions also working around the same cost to 
income in the 45-47%. There is really no change there. Broadly on Rs 240-250 Crs 
topline, ~Rs 105 Crs of profit after tax, give or take similar cost to income and as I said 
earlier, very very similar way to do business. From a cost to income perspective, really 
we don’t see any change at all. 
 
- Mr. Prayesh Jain - Participant: 
 
- Thank you and wish you all the best. 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- Thank you. 
 
- Mr. Anil Mascarenhas – Senior Executive VP - Communications, 360 ONE WAM Ltd.: 
 
- We will move to the next caller – Jayant Kharote. Jayant, kindly unmute and ask your 
question. 
 
- Mr. Jayant Kharote – Participant: 
 
- Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on the good set of numbers. Firstly on the 
distribution flows for this quarter, it’s around 40 odd billion. Last quarter, we had a 
pretty strong number here but bearing that one it seems, this is the sort of run rate we 
have been having to sort of move next year’s target of new money, north of Rs 30,000 
Crs, this number needs to move up quite meaningfully. So what do you think is lacking 
and what can be done? 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- This number will benefit a bit from our full HNI launch. That’s something which should 
spur up this number quite a bit. I feel it will come in a little bit more also on the 
alternate side eventually because right now it’s not showing up in the numbers because 
we have had nearly Rs 4500-5000 Crs of outflows on the alternates because of the 
redemption of the earlier funds this year. Those two things will help distribution of 
assets earning trail fees. Pure mutual funds from UHNIs increasing the distribution 

14 
 
assets is extremely unlikely. Those line items are getting divided between the 1st line 
and the 2nd line. So, our HNIs, together with the continued focus on alternates, will lead 
to the right growth in that line item. 
 
- Mr. Jayant Kharote – Participant: 
 
- Great! Just again, 2nd question following up on the alternate itself, drawing into your 
experience, how do you think this plays out? Let’s say if this year, markets are sideways, 
Jan is sort of a trailer over there, how does the alternates market behave in this 
environment? Do you see that cash deployment first moving towards alternates or the 
mix doesn't change really? 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- The mix won’t change. It will change within alternates, maybe private equity allocations 
slightly lower, yield asset allocation slightly more, operating assets slightly more, real 
assets slightly more. Alternates will continue to be quite interesting. You might see the 
launch of the small mutual fund in which case the entire long drawn strategy will come 
into place. In general, alternates will continue to be interesting. The broader mix 
between private equity, credit, yield assets and listed equity will keep changing. But 
there are enough ideas and enough traction for different themes. For example, we are 
going to launch our next fund which is largely focused on multi-asset. So it is not only 
focused on private equity but the 1st three transactions that we have done are kind of 
more on the yield side as opposed to being on the equity side. 
 
- Mr. Jayant Kharote – Participant: 
 
- Sorry, just one follow-up on this one only, alternates. The gross flow number that you 
mentioned, is that stable QoQ or just for the redemptions in the distribution assets in 
the alternate’s piece? 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- I think it is. Last two quarters have been better, but I would put it in the same zip code 
plus minus 10% or 15%. 
 
- Mr. Jayant Kharote – Participant: 
 
- So once the redemption cycle gets over, this number should…… 

15 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- Yes, this automatically should start working. We have had an exceptional redemption 
this year. We started off with a Rs 6,000 Crs fund in 2017-18, and we returned close to 
Rs 13000 Crs or slightly more 13,500 Crs of which Rs 12,200 Crs of redemption is already 
there and we have another Rs 1,300 Crs to go. 
 
- Mr. Jayant Kharote – Participant: 
 
- Great! Thanks and congrats once again for a great set of numbers. 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- Thank you. 
 
- Mr. Anil Mascarenhas – Senior Executive VP - Communications, 360 ONE WAM Ltd.: 
 
- Thank you. Next in line, we have Sandeep Jain. 
 
- Mr. Sandeep Jain – Participant: 
 
- Couple of questions: 1st, on this convertible warrant which we will issue to the promoter 
of B&K, is there any kind of timeline when it will get converted into equity or is there 
any timeline kind of lock in period and all? 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- Just a normal warrant, 18 months at the prevailing market price. 
 
- Mr. Sandeep Jain – Participant: 
 
- At the prevailing market price, ok. 2nd, the cash payout of Rs 200 Crs which we are 
saying to link for achievement of financial target, it is a kind of equal every year or 
something like it’s a backend kind of thing? 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- No, it’s at the end of the 4th, 5th and 6th year. 
- Mr. Sandeep Jain – Participant: 
 
- End of 4th, 5th and 6th year. 

16 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- This is basis of certain set of numbers achievement, so on and so forth. 
 
- Mr. Sandeep Jain – Participant: 
 
- Got it! And one question in terms of acquisition strategy. If I look at the last 1 or 2 years 
like in the 1st question, it has been asked, you acquired ET Money, you acquired this, as 
a whole, where we are going? If I look at the B&K, 85-90% of the revenue comes from 
largely in terms of the broking income and in terms of, we are saying the synergy in 
terms of acquire the corporate account or kind of treasuries and all these things. It 
doesn't match kind of thing when we are saying that? 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- If you look at all the large private banks have 3 lines of businesses – there is the capital 
market business, there is the asset management business and wealth management. 
These are the 3 businesses and all the acquisitions and everything we have done is 
either within this business or it’s expanded the segment horizontally. So when you talk 
about ET Money or you talk about any of the acquisitions there, it’s essentially a 
horizontal expansion of the segment. We could be moving up or down the segment 
within the same offering. Similarly, on the asset management side, obviously what 
alternates and mutual funds which are 2 different parts of the offering and 3rd, you got 
the capital market space. Within the capital market space, you have got different 
segments to operate again. It happens to be institutions as well as HNIs and family 
offices. HNI and family offices, in a certain small way, already existed in the wealth 
management business. The institution piece didn’t exist in our business and together 
with B&K, we will see how to build out the investment banking piece in the best possible 
way. And if you see globally also, if you see the bigger, for example, just look at UBS, you 
look at Goldman, you look at all of these private banks, all of them would have these 3 
businesses. They would have wealth, asset as well as the capital market business. 
 
- Mr. Sandeep Jain – Participant: 
 
- Ok. So the point which I am trying to make here is, when we have kind of demerged 
from the erstwhile group, it was supposed to be a purely wealth management game. 
Karan, don’t get me wrong but what I am trying to understand here is that, in terms of 
getting the funnel, do we need this kind of acquisition more in terms of getting the 
client, HNI and all these things because at that point of time, maybe my perception was 
that it will be a purely wealth management business and all these things. So funnel is 
getting… 

17 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- I don’t look at it that way whether we want to be a pure wealth management. The 1st 
question to answer is what does the client need and how do we complete the client’s 
platform actually? So, the 1st question to ask is, am I able to serve the client on a 360 
basis and where are we missing out from a client platform perspective, that’s the most 
important perspective. And today to serve my clients, specially the client who is $500 
million plus in networth, not necessary in terms of financial assets, but even in business 
assets, it is an important part of the offering. And for us, rest of the things, whether we 
are a pure play, everything else has to follow. The 1st thing is obviously the requirement 
of the client and today if I look at the client proposition and what we need to deliver to 
the client, then that’s a missing piece that we would like to add. 
 
- Mr. Sandeep Jain – Participant: 
 
- Ok thanks. 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- Thanks. 
 
- Mr. Anil Mascarenhas – Senior Executive VP - Communications, 360 ONE WAM Ltd.: 
 
- Thank you. Next in line, we have Dipanjan Ghosh. Dipanjan, kindly unmute and ask your 
question. 
 
- Mr. Dipanjan Ghosh – Participant: 
 
- Hi Karan! 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- Hi Dipanjan! 
 
- Mr. Dipanjan Ghosh – Participant: 
 
- Sir, just a few questions - 1st, if you can give some color on the variable payouts, 
excluding the acquisition, how do you think it’s shaping up for the next year. Of course, 
you acquired a few teams last year so some of them would have scaled up. Our TBR was 
quite strong this year. As you said, except B&K, this run rate may not be sustainable. So 
just wanted to get some color on how the entire score card based model is working out 
and how do you see the overall variable payouts and if you can just quantify, can we 
build in an ESOP expenses, maybe a year out from now? Just one more question which 

18 
 
has got asked multiple times in the call. In terms of the client sentiment. What we see is 
the number of high quality client additions during the quarter was tad lower than the 
run rate we have been seeing for the last 2 quarters. I think 60 clients were added in this 
quarter versus little bit more maybe in the last 1 or 2 quarters. So incrementally the 
markets were to remain the way they are. But on the other side, you have been 
expanding geographically, adding new teams, the existing schemes scaling out, the HNI 
proposition kind of rolling forward from April onwards. How do you see your new client 
addition run rate shaping up in the next year? 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- No, both are fair questions. I will start with the first question - from a variable and bonus 
payout perspective, the current year has had a slightly larger tinge of variable because 
we have changed the method of payout but largely speaking, approximately our current 
design plan for the next financial year would be ~Rs 150 Crs of fixed cost per quarter, 
which would translate to about Rs 600 Crs a year. You would see 40-50% of that 
expresses itself through variable bonuses. Also, why I am saying 40-50%, it’s a bit of the 
function of the way the markets are. Obviously, if the things are absolutely not in the 
right direction, then the number can come upto 30% but typically speaking, more often 
than not in the region of 40-50% and then you got the soft cost of ~Rs 100 Crs across the 
P&L. If you see the employee cost, it’s in the region of Rs 950 Crs to about Rs 1,050 Crs. 
That’s really the employee cost. Obviously, there are some productive efficiencies, there 
will be a salary hike and stuff like that. All absorbed put together, we see it between Rs 
950 and 1,050 Crs. If we had some crazy teams, maybe a Rs 50 Crs number extra. This Rs 
1,100 Crs broadly should represent approximately 34-35% of the overall revenues of the 
firm. 
 
- On the client addition and net flows, as I said earlier, slightly lower than I would have 
liked. Flows could have been between the 27k,28k or 35k Crs number as opposed to the 
22 to 24k Crs number. 2 or 3 things here - one, the last couple of months, a little bit of 
longer time taken by clients to come back into financial assets especially equities. There 
has been a little bit of hesitations just given the market valuations. And secondly, from a 
business perspective, mostly they are coming out from a fairly high base, so that’s the 
only thing. But otherwise, most of our actions on both the high networth piece together 
with the expansion of the geographies should start playing out and our initiatives on 
growing both of these will more than supplement a little bit of little bit of slowness in 
the market. Overall, as I said earlier, there will be little bit of consolidation on wealth 
but, given the fact that we have spent a lot of time building some of these things out 
over the last 12-18 months, even in flattish markets, we may not be able to grow 
phenomenally but even if flattish numbers coming out of a higher base, we will still be 
able to maintain the high base, even on things like number of new families, their net 
flows, so on and so forth. The only matrix that definitely comes off the lid is the 
transaction and brokerage revenue, that obviously can’t necessarily sustain the same 
level. 

19 
 
 
- Mr. Dipanjan Ghosh – Participant: 
 
- Got it Karan! Thank you and all the best. 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- Thank you. 
 
- Mr. Anil Mascarenhas – Senior Executive VP - Communications, 360 ONE WAM Ltd.: 
 
- Thank you. Next in line we have Devrat Mohta. Devrat, kindly unmute and ask your 
question. 
 
- Mr. Devrat Mohta – Participant: 
 
- Hi Karan! Firstly congratulations on a good quarter. I just have one question. Obviously 
markets have been strong barring the last kind of 3-4 weeks. Markets have been so 
strong. Is there a risk that you are buying B&K at peak cycle? For broking business, you 
are at peak cycle. Why do you think that’s not the case because your own transaction 
incomes are super strong? SO I presume, B&K also would have had a very strong 
earnings. And if for some reason, the markets come off, is there a risk that you are 
probably , optical valuation look cheap or reasonable on a trailing basis but if you are on 
peak earnings, then it might end up being that you are paying more than what it looks 
like on… 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- You are absolutely right! There are 3 points there. I don’t disagree with you. We need to 
just counter-balance it with 3 things. First, while transaction brokerage incomes are 
fairly wide term, the quality of income within the transaction of brokerage income also 
is something which we need to measure. Obviously there is one part of transaction 
income which is a one-time income on selling some unlisted shares or doing a certain 
transaction. The other part of income within transaction of brokerage income obviously 
is repetitive activity coming out of a relationship and out of a broking transaction being 
kind of conducted on a daily basis. Even between the two, there is a certain degree of 
difference in terms of variability. In B&K specific case, 95-96% of the revenues currently 
comes out of 2nd portion and not out of the 1st portion. So, while it will be linked to the 
market cycle, general variability between the 2 will be lesser compared to any other 
capital market player focused on ECM. So that’s the 1st thing. Second, while doing the 
acquisition, a lot of things have to align together. Maybe possible that earnings come off 
by 10-15% in a very worst case. From our assessment, just factoring in just all the 4 to 5 
synergies which we have, our business as well as the synergies, we can add to B&K 

20 
 
business. We feel from a management case perspective, taking a stressed basis, we 
should be able to add 30-40% to the earnings. So honestly from our perspective, the 
way we are looking at it synergistically, we should be able to make multiple even 
substantially more attractive than what we have acquired it for from a trailing basis. And 
thirdly, to acquire, I need a lot of stars to align in terms of culture, in terms of the 
likeliness to do business together, in terms of being maybe positioned is in a leadership 
position for both the businesses and most importantly, the will and willingness to build 
this together for a long period of time. This plays into the synergies and really expresses 
itself extremely well over the next 24 to 36 to 48 months. So potentially possible at the 
very worst case, if the markets go into a total tailspin that we ended up paying a little bit 
more, but just given the synergies and where we are, I would be really surprised that in 
the most probability, the answer would be no. And if at all that happens, over a period 
of 24 to 36 months, both the businesses have from a culture perspective and synergies 
perspective to add so much that it will end up being in a very very good position. That’s 
what we feel. 
 
- Mr. Devrat Mohta – Participant: 
 
- Thanks Karan. That was super helpful. Thank you. 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- Thank you. 
 
- Mr. Anil Mascarenhas – Senior Executive VP - Communications, 360 ONE WAM Ltd.: 
 
- Thank you. Next we have Sanket Godha. Sanket, please unmute and ask your question. 
 
- Mr. Sanket Godha – Participant: 
 
- Ya, thank you for the opportunity. Karan, in some fully diluted basis after warrants get 
converted into foreign equity, Sir the dilution comes closer to 3.3%. That’s the safe path. 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- Yes approximately. 
 
- Mr. Sanket Godha – Participant: 
 
- Ok and just wanted to ask the 2nd question. Out of Rs 2,250 Crs of QIP that you raised, 
probably you will end up using Rs 700 Crs over a period of time to consume this 
acquisition. So is it fair to assume that the NIM which you were expecting to improve 
because of QIP might not play out to that extent? 2nd, I maybe forgot to ask, how much 

21 
 
time will you take to consume this acquisition from regulatory point of view? Whether it 
will get fully reflected in 26 or somewhere in 27? 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- It will take about 4 to 6 months to consummate in terms of transaction. Just given our 
historical experience, 4 months is the right timeline to plan for but sometimes it can 
take a month or two more, at the very least I would say 3 months, on the outside I 
would say 6 months. From a business perspective, the way we have set-off the 
transaction is, all the accumulated earnings outside of Rs 200 Crs within the B&K profit 
and loss account till 31st March stay out of the transaction. Post 31st March, it comes 
into the 360 ONE, so it just adds to the networth and reduces the consideration value. 
So, from that perspective, may not fully reflect into the financials of FY26 but definitely 
from a valuation perspective, that’s the way it will get reflected. 
 
- Mr. Sanket Godha – Participant: 
 
- On the NIM part? 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- I don’t think NIM gets impacted much but I think the 700 Crs, obviously we have got a 
design in plan to kind of reduce our allocation on the alternate side and, as we build it 
out over the next 12 to 18 months, our sponsor commitment remains more or less 
flattish and comes down close to Rs 1,400-1,500 Crs. It reduces the other income by 
round about 8-9% of the Rs 700 Crs. So, in that sense, it will have a PBT impact of Rs 50- 
60 Crs and a PAT impact of Rs 45 to 50 Crs. 
 
- Mr. Sanket Godha – Participant: 
 
- Got it! Perfect! Just your flows numbers which are Rs 5,900 Crs in the current quarter, 
just want to understand, do you still have any component coming from HNI or global or 
is it predominantly UHNI? 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- Right now, predominantly ultra HNI. The flow of high networth and global would be, 
both put together ~Rs 700-800 Crs. So, it’s not zero, it’s about 10% of the flows. But a 
large portion of the flows continue to be UHNI. We definitely expect the HNI and global 
flows to show up fully in FY26 and definitely from quarter 1 of next year. 

22 
 
- Mr. Sanket Goda – Participant: 
 
- So, this Rs 700-800 Crs for the full year potentially would be like an estimate of 3x or 4x 
next year. What you intend this number to be? 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- Should be at least 3x. 
 
- Mr. Sanket Goda – Participant: 
 
- Ok. And last one, last quarter we highlighted that some broker code change, regulatory 
change helped a bit in flows to improve for us. So given the flows numbers compared to 
last quarter, it is literally weak. So has it played out largely in Q2 or you expect this to 
flow out in subsequent quarters? 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- So it continues to help every quarter little bit. What we are also talking about last 
quarter was not only the flows, well there is a little bit of improvement which we will 
see sequentially on the ARR side and on the mutual fund because after broker code 
change, after 6 months, the new broker starts getting the mutual fund commission. So 
even though the AUM starts reflecting, the trail commission really doesn’t increase for 6 
months. So that’s something which will reflect little over a period of time. The AUM shift 
after the first 6 months comes pretty much business as usual because the clients have 
moved in the first 6 months itself but the revenue to come takes a little bit longer. 
 
- Mr. Sanket Godha – Participant: 
 
- Ok but have you seen, means given these rules have been changed for almost 9-10 
months now, so in the 3rd quarter, did we have any revenue accretion because of broker 
code change? Is there a number in your mind if you remember it? 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- There is ~0.5 bp to 1 bp overall increase in the ARR. Total increase in ARR is 2bps and a 
small bit comes from this. 
 
- Mr. Sanket Goda – Participant: 
 
- So 25-30% contribution came because of this delta improvement. 

23 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- Yes. 
 
- Mr. Sanket Goda – Participant: 
 
- Ok, perfect! That’s it from my side. Thank you. 
 
- Mr. Anil Mascarenhas – Senior Executive VP - Communications, 360 ONE WAM Ltd.: 
 
- Thank you. I would request Bhuvanesh Garg to kindly ask the question. 
 
- Mr. Bhuvanesh Garg – Participant: 
 
- Ya, thank you for the opportunity Sir. Sir, 2-3 questions from my side. Firstly on B&K 
acquisition, so just want to understand the thought process behind it. Was there any 
other place you were considering during the acquisition? Since you are saying that one 
of the objective for the acquisition is that clients were getting foothold on capital raising 
side. Since you didn’t have the capital raising proposition for your clients, now you are 
having it. Since the B&K has only 5% of its revenue from capital raising part of it, IB part 
of it, so if you can just share your thoughts on this. What was the thought process? 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- No, nothing really different to add Bhubanesh. I already have spent some time on it but 
largely 3 portions – one obviously is, ensuring that we are able to complete the flywheel 
with the client. 2nd, on the banking side and obviously while in banking, we have still not 
built out a team within B&K but research is a critical part for the improvement of the 
product. So without having the strongest part, any franchise would need all 3 to come in 
and it would need research as a product, to meet the promoter relationships and 
thirdly, it would need access to both domestic as well as foreign institutions. Between 
the 2 of us, we get all 3 on the table and secondly, as I said earlier, it complements our 
high networth brokerage offering also very well. That’s been a bit of an area of 
improvement for us for a long time and without having the right research product, it’s 
tough to kind of take it to the market. So I see some good amount of mobility for us to 
be able to increase our equity brokerage on the wealth management side and thirdly on 
the corporate treasury side, we should be able to add a lot of value and be able to 
monetize those corporate accounts better and 4th a little bit of addition of balance sheet 
to the brokerage business of B&K will allow them to, even leverage their current 
research team better and be able to serve some larger clients on different platforms and 
different products. So these are the 4 immediate synergies that I can think of. 

24 
 
- Mr. Bhuvanesh Garg – Participant: 
 
- Ok, understood. 2nd thing is on the interest income side. So, you mentioned that you 
wanted to be 20% of the revenues. So is it only driven by the contribution of revenue or 
is there any other parameter to drive your loan book? For example, next year your 
transaction income say would be lower, in that case would your interest book also be 
stable or are you looking at it to grow further? 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- No, it’s not like that. We cannot really plan it that way. This is an output. It’s not really 
an input. For example, if you see our loan book typically tracks our wealth management 
AUM. So, our loan book typically tends to be 2.5 to 3% of the wealth management AUM 
and we have a 3-4% NIM there. So effectively, if you do a reverse calculation on the 
overall free revenue, you end up at round about 15-20% of the revenue pool on the net 
interest margin side. So that broadly seem, when I say suggest a good quality of mix of 
revenues, what I mean to say is that its healthy growth because as your AUM is growing, 
your loan book is also growing in the right proportion. That’s what I really meant by 
saying, net interest margin book should be around 18-20% mark. 
 
- Mr. Bhubanesh Garg – Participant: 
 
- Ok, understood. And thirdly, on your inflow side, if you can share some data, what will 
be our market share in inflows, in 9 months FY25 versus FY24? If you can just share 
some data. 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- Usually, it’s tough to calculate market share but on a guesstimate basis what we see 
with clients, our stock of market share would be around 9-10% across all active wealth 
managers and if I were to look at incremental market share, maybe it will be slightly 
higher, in the 14-15% range but honestly, this is just a guess estimate basis. The feeling 
we have versus what we see on the ground in terms of competition, on the wealth 
management side, it’s really tough to calculate the market share on a day to day basis. 
 
- Mr. Bhuvanesh Garg – Participant: 
 
- Yes, yes. So incrementally means 9 months FY25 over FY24. 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- Yes. 

25 
 
- Mr. Bhuvanesh Garg – Participant: 
 
- Ok, understood. Thirdly, any data on any revenue you are getting from ET Money side 
and what's the plan there with ET Money? 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- As I have said earlier, we just got approvals for ET Money like yesterday. So, it’s not 
consolidated yet but ET Money financials have improved a lot over the last year. Broadly 
speaking, revenues have increased a bit, thanks to little bit of change in the regulation 
as well as little bit of change in the advisory revenues, cost has come down, so the 
overall burn stands at half of what it was last year and, as we take it over the next week 
or so, we hope to kind of drive it even in a more optimized way 
 
- Mr. Bhuvanesh Garg – Participant: 
 
- Any plans in the 3 - 5 year perspective on ET Money? 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- Like our all the other businesses, we hope to grow, from a revenue perspective by 25- 
35% and, maybe since ET Money comes with a slightly smaller base, I am hoping the 
profits at 30 to 50%. 
 
- Mr. Bhuvanesh Garg – Participant: 
 
- Ok, fine. That’s it from my side. Thank you. 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- Thanks Bhuvanesh. 
 
- Mr. Anil Mascarenhas – Senior Executive VP - Communications, 360 ONE WAM Ltd.: 
 
- Thank you. Thank you Karan. That’s what we have time for this evening. Thank you for 
taking time out for logging to our call. Have a nice evening. 
 
- Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM: 
 
- Thank you everybody. Thanks for joining in. 
