 
 
 
 
February 11, 2025 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Code: 532321 
BSE LIMITED 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
              Code: ZYDUSLIFE 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai-400051 
 
Sub: 
Transcript of the post results earnings call held on February 5, 2025, pursuant to 
regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”)  
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the Listing Regulations, please find attached the 
transcript of the Company’s Q3 FY25 post results earnings call held on February 5, 2025. 
 
Please find the same in order. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 
DHAVAL N. SONI 
COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
MEMBERSHIP NO. FCS7063 
 
Encl.: As above 
DHAVAL 
NARENDRA SONI
Digitally signed by DHAVAL 
NARENDRA SONI 
Date: 2025.02.11 18:15:46 
+05'30'

 
1 of 27 
 
 
 
 
 
“Zydus Lifesciences Limited Q3 FY25  
Post Results Earnings Call” 
 
February 5, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
DR. SHARVIL PATEL - MANAGING DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. GANESH NAYAK - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. NITIN PAREKH - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ZYDUS 
LIFESCIENCES LIMITED  
 
MR. ARVIND BOTHRA - HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS, ZYDUS 
LIFESCIENCES LIMITED  
                                           MR. ALOK GARG - MD OFFICE, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
2 of 27 
 
Ganesh Nayak: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen!  Welcome to our post 
results teleconference for the quarter ended December 31st, 2024.  
For today’s call, we have with us Dr. Sharvil Patel, Managing 
Director, Mr. Nitin Parekh, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Arvind 
Bothra, Head of Investor Relations, and Mr. Alok Garg from the 
Managing Director’s Office.  Let me now give you a broad 
overview of the developments during the quarter. 
We are happy with another quarter of strong financial 
performance and remain on track to sustain the growth 
momentum going ahead.  Our US formulations business continued 
its upward revenue trajectory with a high year-on-year growth 
driven by volume expansion in base business as well as new 
products launched over the last 12 months.  Our India 
formulations business grew faster than the market with a 
secondary sales growth of 8% year-on-year.  The source being 
IQVIA.  The chronic segment outpaced the market growth driving 
the overall performance of the business.  The Consumer Wellness 
business registered double digit growth for yet another quarter, 
aided by robust volume growth amidst a muted demand scenario 
in the industry.  The international formulations business 
comprising of the emerging markets and Europe continue to 
deliver strong growth on the back of healthy demand across 
markets during the quarter and is emerging as a strong third 
growth engine for the company. 
With that, let me take you through the financial numbers for the 
quarter gone by.  We registered consolidated revenues of ₹52.7 
billion, up 17% on a year-on-year basis.  The EBITDA for the 
quarter was ₹13.9 billion with a growth of 26% on a year-on-year 
basis.  Reported EBITDA margin for the quarter was 26.3% versus 
24.5% in quarter three FY24.  EBITDA margin improved despite 
250 basis points year-on-year increase in the R&D spend.  
Adjusted for certain non-recurring expenses, the EBITDA margin 
for the quarter stood at 28.1%.  Net profit for the quarter was 
₹10.2 billion, up by 30% on a year-on-year basis.  Our net cash 
position improved further to ₹30.9 billion as at 31st December 
2024 as against the net cash of ₹8.6 billion as at 31st March 2024. 
Now let me take you through the operating highlights for the third 
quarter of FY25 for our key business segments.   
The US business accounted for 47% of our consolidated revenues 
during the quarter with revenues of ₹24.1 billion, up 31% year-on-
year and flat quarter-on-quarter.  We filed 10 additional ANDAs 
and received approval for 3 new products during the quarter.  We 

 
3 of 27 
 
launched 5 new products during the quarter.  New launches 
include all three brands of Sitagliptin 505(b)(2) franchise, viz. 
ZituvioTM, ZituvimetTM and ZituvimetTM XR tablets.  We entered 
into an agreement with CVS Caremark to add ZituvioTM, 
ZituvimetTM and ZituvimetTM XR tablets to its formulary.  These 
products were added to the formulary from the 1st of January 
2025. 
Our India geography, which comprises of formulations and the 
consumer wellness businesses, accounted for 38% of the total 
revenues during the quarter and grew 7% year-on-year.   
Our India formulations business delivered 5% growth during the 
quarter on a high base of the previous year.  During the first nine 
months of the fiscal, the business grew by 9%, outpacing the 
market growth.  Portfolio of innovation products sustained the 
growth momentum and continued to deliver strong volume 
growth during the quarter.  The business gained market share in 
key therapies of Cardiology, Respiratory, Anti-Infectives, and the 
super speciality therapy of Oncology.  On the super specialty front, 
we continue to strengthen our leadership position in the Oncology 
and Nephrology therapies. Contribution of the chronic portfolio 
has increased consistently over the last several years and stood at 
42.4% as per IQVIA MAT, December 2024, an improvement of 370 
basis points over the last three years.   
Our consumer wellness business recorded revenues of ₹4.5 
billion, up 13% year-on-year with 4.8% volume growth.  The 
personal care segment, which comprises of Nycil and EverYuth 
brands, witnessed strong demand and achieved a robust double-
digit growth for the quarter.  This segment has continued its 
upward trajectory over the last several quarters.  The EverYuth 
brand continues to gain market share in the scrub, peel off, and 
overall facial cleansing category.  During the quarter, we 
completed the acquisition of Natural (India) Pvt. Ltd., a leading 
healthy snacking company having a portfolio of nutrition bars, 
protein cookies, protein chips, and health food products, thereby 
foraying into the consumer snacking space. 
Our international markets formulations business delivered robust 
growth during the quarter with revenues of ₹5.7 billion, up 16% 
year-on-year.   
This concludes the business review.  I would now request Dr. 
Sharvil Patel to take you through the key drivers across businesses 
as well as initiatives in our innovation program.  Thank you. 

 
4 of 27 
 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you, Mr. Nayak and good evening, ladies and gentlemen.  It 
is a pleasure to have you all on the call today.  We are happy to 
inform you that our clearly articulate strategy backed by careful 
portfolio 
selection, 
deep 
innovation 
pipeline, 
execution 
excellence, and supply chain resilience is yielding the desired 
results as we ended the calendar year with a strong double-digit 
growth and robust profitability.  We're confident of meeting our 
growth and profitability aspirations for the fiscal year 2025.  We 
remain committed to address diverse healthcare needs of the 
patients by expanding our offerings across therapies, by 
leveraging our innovation engine and in turn, enhance 
stakeholders’ value. 
In our US generics space, we have built a comprehensive product 
portfolio across different dosage forms and therapies and remain 
focused on streamlined execution of the same.  On the specialty 
front, multiple levers such as the 505 (b) 2 products portfolio, the 
LiqMeds portfolio, the rare diseases assets are in place and aimed 
at fulfilling various unmet healthcare needs of patients globally.  
This, coupled with strong customer relationships, a pool of 
manufacturing facilities with capabilities to produce diverse 
dosage forms and an agile supply chain will ensure sustainable 
growth trajectory for our US business going forward.   
On the India formulations front, our business grew faster than the 
market on a YTD basis.  Our endeavour is to strengthen the 
position across focused therapies through multiple levers.  Our 
sustained thrust on innovation led by our patient centric 
approach has enabled us to build a healthy pipeline of novel and 
differentiated products and solutions aimed at fulfilling the 
various unmet healthcare needs of the patients. 
On the international markets front, the focus remains on 
expanding presence in chosen therapy areas across key 
geographies by leveraging our global R&D portfolio of 
differentiated and complex generics as well as the specialty 
products.   
On the innovation front, we continue to make steady progress 
paving the way for healthier future.  Our innovation engine has 
consistently delivered multiple treatment options in an affordable 
manner, making them accessible to a large set of patients and in 
turn, generated strong volumes for us. 
With this, let me take you through some of the material 
developments on our journey on innovation during the quarter.   

 
5 of 27 
 
On the NCE front, we have received FDA approval to conduct a 
Phase II(b) clinical trial of Usnoflast, a novel, oral NLRP3 
inflammasome inhibitor, in patients with amyotrophic lateral 
sclerosis, ALS.  The study will evaluate the efficacy, safety, 
pharmacokinetics, and pharmacodynamics of the molecule in 
adult subjects with ALS.  Recently, the FDA has granted an orphan 
drug designation to this molecule, Usnoflast for the ALS 
indication.  The orphan drug designation provides eligibility for 
certain development incentives, including tax credits for qualified 
clinical testing, prescription drug user fee exemptions, and a 
potential seven-year exclusivity upon FDA approval. 
Data monitoring and follow-up is going on post the completion of 
patient recruitment for the Phase II(b)/III clinical trial for 
Saroglitazar Magnesium for the PBC indication and the Phase II(b) 
clinical trial for the molecule for MASH indication for the US 
market.  We are looking forward to the Phase II(b)/III trial data 
readout for PBC indication towards the end of this calendar year.   
In the biotech R&D space, we completed a Phase III clinical trial 
for one of the biosimilars and have submitted an application to 
the DCGI seeking its permission to initiate Phase III clinical trials 
for one of the biosimilar antibody drug conjugates (ADC). On the 
novel biologics front, we received permission from the Review 
Committee, which is the RCGM, to initiate pre-clinical study for 
one of our antibody drug conjugates (ADCs).   
On the vaccines front, we completed a Phase I clinical trial for a 
Bivalent TCV vaccine during the quarter. 
Now, onto our specialty business.  The USFDA has accepted for 
filing and granted six months priority review to Sentynl 
Therapeutics Inc’s NDA of CUTX-101, a copper histidinate product 
candidate for the treatment of Menkes disease.  The NDA was 
supported by positive top-line clinical efficacy improvement in 
overall survival for the Menkes disease subjects who received 
early treatment with CUTX-101.   
I'm also very happy to inform you recently, our Chairman, Mr. 
Pankaj R Patel was conferred with the Padma Bhushan, one of the 
highest civilian honors by the Government of India for his 
contribution in the field of Trade and Industry.  We extend our 
heartfelt gratitude to all our investors and business partners for 
their unwavering trust and continued support of the Zydus Group 
over the years.  Thank you and now we'll move to the Q&A 
session.  Over to the coordinator. 

 
6 of 27 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sir.  We will open the call for Q&A session.  We will 
wait for few minutes until the queue assembles.  We request 
participants to restrict to two questions and then return to the 
queue for more questions.  Please raise your hand from the 
participant tab on the screen to ask the questions.  The first 
question is from, Surya Narayan Patra. 
Suryanarayan Patra: 
Yeah.  Hello, am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yeah.   
Suryanarayan Patra: 
Thank you, Sir.  Thanks for the opportunity.   Couple of questions.  
First question is that about the US business.  Obviously, we have 
seen a sequential decline.  So, how much of that is because of the 
kind of competition in Asacol HD and how much is that because 
of, let's say, the base business weakness? That is one part and the 
second part of the US question is that Mirabegron supply, the 
export momentum from India, if you see, that looks really robust, 
while the execution, it seems not at par with the kind of export 
that we are making or the kind of inventory build-up that we have 
done.  So, how should we think and how longer this Mirabegron 
opportunity can be considered for us? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you, Mr. Surya.  So, I think first of all, I don't think we have 
any critical or any sequential decline between the last quarter and 
this quarter and this quarter, we have not had any sale of 
Lenalidomide, which would have been there in the earlier quarter.  
So, actually both the base business as well as our new launches 
are doing well and that has led to a better momentum for our 
business despite not having Lenalidomide.  With respect to your 
second question, could you repeat the second question again? 
Suryanarayan Patra: 
Yeah, the second part of the same question was about the 
Mirabegron.  So, the export momentum looks really robust for 
that from India, but the execution on that front in terms of the 
revenue that you would be booking look limited compared to the 
kind of inventory buildup that we are making there in US? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
There is no inventory buildup, which is not normal for an exclusive 
launch. So, we don't have inventory build-up, and we would keep 
certain amount of inventory obviously, which we do for every 
product depending on between 90 days to 120 days, depending 
on what criticality of the product is there. There is no exceptional 
inventory buildup and Mirabegron continues to have better 
optics. 

 
7 of 27 
 
Suryanarayan Patra: 
So, that means, is it fair to believe Sir, this is the kind of a peak 
quarterly run rate in the Mirabegron, it has already been achieved 
and possibly as long as it continues, the opportunity, we will be 
around this level? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, I would not say that. 
Suryanarayan Patra: 
Okay.  Second question is on the Sitagliptin franchise what we are 
building it up.  So, we have two opportunities in that.  One is the 
government supply opportunity, what you have already indicated 
and second is the kind of the arrangement, supply arrangement 
that we have done with the CVS.  So, how big this opportunity 
could be considering both, because you would be there in this 
product before as a branded product before the genericization of 
the product and what would happen post genericization to this 
franchise and obviously your US government supply will anyway 
continue.  So, how should one think this opportunity? Can it be a 
kind of the biggest product revenue contributor in the US given 
both these two opportunities? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel 
So, Sitagliptin combination from the 505(b)(2) speciality place, I 
think has been a great success for the company and probably one 
of the rare successes that somebody has seen on an overall 
505(b)(2).  So, obviously, we have secured a long-term contract 
with the government which will continue.  We have also the CVS 
deal plus some smaller deals that will continue and this would be 
a valuable product for us in terms of the revenue that we are 
going to generate as a new product launch.  Also, this has led to 
the effort and success of Sita is also leading to us being able to 
now have almost seven 505(b)(2)s commercialized in the US with 
patent exclusivities and also we continue to believe that in the 
next few quarters, we will have at least three to four more new 
licences on 505(b)(2)s for the future.  So, as a portfolio, I think the 
505(b)(2) franchise with the success of our first seven launches, 
we are going to see good amount of opportunity as an area of 
interest for Zydus as to build it out forward. 
Suryanarayan Patra: 
Okay.  But could you give some sense about the cumulative size of 
the opportunity that we can have? Hello.  Am I audible, Sir? Is it 
possible to quantify at least the government opportunity, is it in 
the range of let's say few 10s or a couple of $100 million 
opportunity over the period of contract? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
It's a meaningful opportunity, but I think we're not going to do 
product wise breakup of revenue, which we have always 
communicated.  We can talk about the portfolio and how the 
portfolios are faring and I said we have now seven 505(b)(2)s and 

 
8 of 27 
 
we continue to believe that in the next few quarters, we'll have 
four more licensed products on the 505(b)(2) side. 
Suryanarayan Patra: 
Yes Sir.  One book-keeping question.  See in the presentation what 
we do see that the employee cost and the R&D cost, it looks like 
that it has been adjusted among them.  So, the reported the BSE 
format, employee cost number is not the same that is mentioned 
in the presentation.  So, are you doing any adjustment to that and 
hence your margin as it is reported in the presentation is different 
than what we do find? 
Nitin Parekh: 
R&D cost in this quarter is higher than the previous quarter, but 
R&D costs, we every time say that it should not be viewed for a for 
a particular quarter, it should be viewed on a running basis. 
Suryanarayan Patra: 
No, even employee cost I was talking about, Sir. 
Nitin Parekh: 
Sorry? 
Suryanarayan Patra: 
I was talking about the employee cost. 
Arvind Bothra: 
Surya, I think there is some misunderstanding on the SEBI format.  
The R&D cost and the employee cost are separated over there.  I 
will take it offline with you, so that, you know, others get a 
chance.  Maybe we can move on to the next participant.  You can 
call me after this call. 
Suryanarayan Patra: 
Sure, sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Surya.  Requesting participants to limit their questions 
to two.  The next question is from Neha Manpuria. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Yeah, thanks for taking my question.  It seems, I think in the 
opening remark, you mentioned certain non-recurring costs in the 
quarter. If you could please quantify the same and where these 
are allocated, you know, to get to that adjusted margin that you 
talked about? 
Nitin Parekh: 
So, these are, you know, classified in other expenses.  Some of 
them are marketing related, more in terms of legal and 
professional fees and also some extra-ordinary expense like GST 
loss on inventory destruction. 
Neha Manpuria: 
And how much would these be broadly? 
Nitin Parekh: 
We will share separate numbers with you later on.  I don't have 
right now all the numbers with me. 

 
9 of 27 
 
Neha Manpuria: 
Okay.  I'm just wondering as to why you know a marketing spend 
or a legal or professional fee would be considered non-recurring 
because you know, I'm assuming there is some amount of 
lumpiness in that spend quarter-on-quarter, right? So, is there any 
specific reason why we are calling this as non-recurring? 
Nitin Parekh: 
So, non-recurring because of some specific legal and professional 
assignment related to some acquisition that we have done and 
GST loss on inventory destructed was ₹17 crore. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Okay.  Got it. 
Arvind Bothra: 
Neha, I will revert with the exact number and align it separately. 
 
Neha Manpuria: 
Understood. Okay.  Thank you so much.  And my second question 
is on the 505(b)(2) portfolio and speciality portfolio.  You know, in 
terms of the size, I don't want product specific number, but in 
terms of the size, you know, what is the 505(b)(2) like as a 
percentage of our revenue or whatever you're comfortable with 
and how big can this get you know for the company as we launch 
more products, you know, could this be you know, 5%, 10% of the 
business of the US business or any, you know, qualitative color in 
terms of how big this can be?  I understand you have a lot of 
launches, but if I were to quantify that in terms of size, as a 
percentage of US business that will help us understand the 
stickiness of this revenue? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, on a 505(b)(2) front, there are 2-3.  One is obviously our 
Sitagliptin franchise which obviously is a significant value and 
important launch and product for calendar year 25 and will 
continue in terms of post genericization with at least the 
government contracts.  The other 505(b)(2)s are our partnered 
505(b)(2)s that we have with partners and those revenues are, I 
mean more than the revenues are more of profit-sharing 
agreement. So, they're not high on revenue, but they're very high 
on margins and profits and absolute amount of profits also.  So, 
that's the current portfolio.  Going forward, we have few 
505(b)(2)s as we believe market making can happen.  We can 
discuss that, but it's not going to happen in the next one year for 
sure. So, overall, it's still a modest revenue size other than 
Sitagliptin being a very significant value. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Understood.  And my second question is on, you know CUTX-101. 
Given that we have you know USFDA date on this in six months. 
How are we thinking about commercialization of this asset, I 
mean just trying to understand if I have to put some value, how 

 
10 of 27 
 
should I think about, you know what we're going to spend, how 
we're going to commercialize the asset? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, we are already ready for commercialization.  The teams have 
already been created in Sentynl and it's already been prepared for 
launch.  I think from most of that point of is all on track and once 
we launch, we can give better idea about how we are preparing, 
but currently in terms of preparedness for launch, we are 
prepared. 
Neha Manpuria: 
And you know, given this is a rare disease asset, you know, how 
should we think about pricing? You know, typically you know 
there are different metrics to use for pricing of a rare disease.  So, 
you know what would be, I'm not asking you for a price, but in 
terms of methodology, what should be the right way to look at 
pricing for this asset? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, these are extremely rare diseases with very small patient 
population.  So, with looking at the investment and the thing, 
obviously these are in those, the price brackets are in those 
products which are in those rare brackets.  So, that’s how you can 
look at it, right. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Okay.  So, I can benchmark it against the usual rare disease 
assets? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Okay.  Perfect.  And my last question on Saro. I see that we have 
delayed the readout.  I think it was expected in the second 
quarter of this calendar year.  Now, if I heard it correctly, you 
mentioned end CY25, So just wanted to confirm that, is there 
been a little bit of a delay in the?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
We will probably still see it in third quarter, end of third quarter.  
So, we just meant to say this calendar year. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Okay, okay, okay.  Got it.  Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from Anubhav Agarwal. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
Yeah.  Hi, good evening to all.  One question is on the US market.  
So, sequentially put, the US sales include one quarter plus sales of 
Sitagliptin because if you are starting for 1st Jan, you would have 
already supplied inventory. Have you already booked that 
revenue in this quarter? Hello, am I audible? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Sorry? 

 
11 of 27 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
Am I audible? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
Sorry, was my question heard or should I?   
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, I think we missed the first half of your question. I just heard 
that Sitagliptin book sale revenue, so.   
Anubhav Agarwal: 
So, the question is that in US sales in the December quarter, have 
we already booked one quarter normalized sales of Sitagliptin 
because if you're starting with Jan 25 with CVS, we should have 
already supplied that or built inventory in the US? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, we have not.  Though we have government sale that have 
been continuing, but we have not booked all the sale. 
Nitin Parekh: 
So, Anubhav, on the question of you know our supplying to US, 
that is not booked as a sales here because it only gets booked as a 
sales only in standalone accounts.  But to the extent it is not sold 
in US, it is, you know, reversed in terms of consolidated accounts.  
The sales means only sales to third parties that way. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
Yeah, yeah, I'm with you on that.  My question was that, you 
know, if contact is starting with CVS on 1st July, you would have 
already shipped to CVS before that, that's what I’m asking? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
We have shipped, but it is not that we have shipped everything. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
And in this quarter, the gross margin sequentially were quite 
lower, while US sales was flattish, India was largely similar.  So, 
what is the reason that the gross margin declined sharply 
sequentially? 
Nitin Parekh: 
Business and product mix. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
No, but anything you want to?   
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
We don’t have Revlimid sales this quarter. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
But you didn’t have Revlimid in the September quarter as well? 
Dr. Sharvil Patil: 
We had Revlimid this last quarter. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
Oh, is it?  Okay. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
And also Asacol has come down, right, so cool quarter. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
So, what has helped you guys maintain the US sales sequentially? 
What has gone up in this quarter for you guys versus September 
quarter? 

 
12 of 27 
 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, there are 3-4 things.  One is obviously, the base business has 
done much better.  We have also secured many long-term 
contracts because of supply surity that is required.  The new 
product launches, all sort of some scaling up has happened in this 
quarter and obviously Mirabegron sales have also happened. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
So, Mirabegron sales also have been higher sequentially.  Okay. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Sequentially, yes. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
and between the two opportunities on Sitagliptin, government 
contracts versus CVS, qualitatively which one will be larger of the 
two pieces? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
We have to see, but short-term will be the CVS.  Long-term may 
be the government, could be the one accumulative. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
Sure.  Sure.  My last question is on Usnoflast. In terms of when 
you see the molecule versus Radicava for example, how is this 
molecule placed because Radicava is the I think the only option 
right now for ALS.  In the initial science, when you've seen it so, in 
the trial that will plan, it will be noninferiority versus Radicava or 
will it be an absolute basis? How are seeing these molecules 
versus Radicava? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Today, the trial that has been designed has been designed 
because there's no currently approved treatment for ALS.  So, it 
has to be a placebo-controlled trial.  So, this is not going to be a 
comparative trial, because according to the FDA, there is no, 
nothing approved to date. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
That is fair, but patients are still being given Radicava right in the 
market, right? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, but FDA is not going to give an unapproved treatment to 
test. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
Okay.  It’s a fair point now.  I agree with that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Bino. 
Bino: 
Hi, good afternoon.  A couple of questions from my side.  Sharvil 
bhai, what's the latest update on Mirabegron litigation, how do 
you expect to pan out, any timelines? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, it’s still under litigation. So, I think it's very difficult to give any 
timelines.  But as I said, this potentially has the chance to 
continue for a longer period of time. 

 
13 of 27 
 
Bino: 
Understood.  Second, on your expenses, if I could take all your 
expenses, employee, R&D, other expenses etc., you know roughly 
the expenses have gone up by 30% YoY for nine months.  Of 
course, you mentioned about some one offs in the quarter, etc., 
etc. But still this 30% jump how, do we justify this and how we 
look at it going forward? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
You are talking about R&D expense, sorry.  
Bino: 
All put together. R&D, other expense, employee expense etc. All 
the fixed costs, if I may put it that way. 
Nitin Parekh: 
So, as we said, you know there are about 95 crores worth of 
expenses in this quarter, which are of a non-recurring nature, 
which includes about 51 crore of provision for incentives,  
especially given our achievement in US business. Also, we paid 
about 27 crores of legal and professional fee of one-time nature 
and 17 core of GST payment, because of inventory destruction.  
So, about 95 crore is of one off nature.  Also, when you look at 
expenses of this year versus previous year, previous year did not 
include, you know, the full impact of you know, expenses of 
acquired units like LiqMeds, now Natural.  So, those things are 
also, you know, playing their role and you know our new sites 
which you know, where there are additions of people in the 
current year. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Manufacturing sites. 
Nitin Parekh: 
Manufacturing sites. 
Bino: 
Understood.  And you said there is also some incentives related to 
the upsides in the US business, is that correct? 
Nitin Parekh: 
Yes.  Yes. 
Bino: 
Okay.  Got it.  And one last question, if I may squeeze in.  This 
quarter, you have a very high forex gain about 182 crore, out of 
size compared to other quarters.  How does that, where does that 
come from? 
Nitin Parekh: 
That's because how you know dollar has behaved.  You know, 
how the dollar is, you know and the rupee has weakened.  So, it's 
not a nothing like you know notional. It’s  a completely realized 
real gain and we fortunately don't have any foreign currency debt 
right now. So, we don't have anything in negative side.  We have 
everything on positive side.  So, yes, this has helped. The current 
rate, it seems like, is likely to stay in, you know, continue 

 
14 of 27 
 
strengthening dollar and therefore, I think this gain is of business 
gain, it is not one-off gain. 
Bino: 
Understood.  So, for example, your receivables are completely 
unhedged and because of the rupee depreciation, this gain has 
come. 
Nitin Parekh: 
Yeah, it's a completely open, natural hedge position for us and 
that's the position for last many years now. 
Bino: 
You don't hedge any receivables at all? 
Nitin Parekh: 
No, no. 
Bino: 
I will join back in the queue.  Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from Vishal Manchanda. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Thanks for the opportunity.  Hope I'm audible. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Can you be a little louder please?  Thank you. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
I have a question on CUTX-101.  So, basically wanted to 
understand whether we have been able to qualify for a screening 
test here? So, kind of, is there screening test approved for neo-
natal? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
You said screening test, right? Hello? 
Moderator: 
Vishal, we are not able to hear you clearly.  Hi Vishal, are you 
there? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
May be we can take the next question and wait for Vishal. 
Moderator: 
Okay.  The next question is from Bino. 
Bino: 
Hi.  Thanks again for giving me a board again.  In terms of Asacol 
HD, is the intensity of competition fully visible in Q3 numbers, 
assuming there is no further entry of competition? 
Arvind Bothra: 
Which product Bino, we know we could not hear you properly? 
Bino: 
Asacol HD. 

 
15 of 27 
 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah.  No, currently Asacol, we will see further competition in 
Asacol once the CGT exclusively gets over.  So, potentially, at least 
one more player. 
Bino: 
Oh okay.  I understood and second on Revlimid, how do we think 
going forward? Typically, your revenues come in Q1 and Q4. So, I 
assume that Q4 will have a good chunk of Lenalidomide.  Going 
into FY26, by Q4, the exclusivity of the generic settlers will be 
over.  So, should we assume that you will have Revlimid only in 
Q1 next year? And would that mean that for the full year, it will 
be less than this year? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think it's still a moving scenario.  We can't 100% say exactly 
how it will happen, but our best estimate to Revlimid sales for this 
calendar year will be, it will be spread across the year.  It will not 
be just a one month or two-month or one quarter kind of 
phenomenon because the buying will not happen altogether, is 
our best estimate right now. 
Bino: 
Understood.  But for the financial year, next financial year would 
Lenalidomide be equal to, below or higher than current financial 
year? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, a lot of scenarios to play out, but with more share, even with 
lower price, we hope to, at least we can maintain this year's 
momentum. 
Bino: 
Understood.  Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from Nitin Agarwal.   
Nitin Agarwal: 
Can you hear me? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, I can hear you. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Just taking off on the previous question. Sir, you know in the last 
call, you shared a couple of large launches in F27 that'll come 
through for us.  That's more like a second half of F27 opportunity.  
So, after bulk of the Revlimid is sort of done, are we looking at 
essentially a situation where there's going to be a period where 
there are not many big launches or launches will sort of take care 
of a lot of the delta between Revlimid and the ex-Revlimid 
business for the time, as some of the bigger launches being 
kicked? 

 
16 of 27 
 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think see, one, we have a portfolio of products that we wish 
to continue to launch beyond this one offs that we have.  Looking 
forward, if you look at FY26 also, we still believe that assuming 
some of the scenarios which may pan out, we will still see a high 
single digit kind of growth, at least for the US overall geography 
for us and that is what our best estimate is.  But going forward, 
we do have 25 to 30 plus new launches that will continue to 
happen with some of them being important as well.  So, I think 
with that and also base portfolio continuing to remain resilient 
and strengthening and the new products gaining more share, 
which we have launched in this year and the earlier year, I still 
believe that the portfolio wise we are still very comfortable.  
Obviously, we'll see big jumps in FY27 because of exclusive 
launches that we will get to see.  But we should be able to still 
have a healthy portfolio in the coming year. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Oh, that's very encouraging, Sir. Because 25 is a pretty large year 
for us.  We have got a large Revlimid component plus Mirabegron 
and on that if you're able to grow in single digits next year, that's 
pretty commendable, you know, if that's the outlook that we're 
running with. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, that is the best estimate right now, yeah. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
That's great and secondly, on the emerging market piece. Sir, 
what has really changed in this business over the last three or four 
quarters, we have seen very meaningful pick up and consistent 
pick up coming through on that part of the business. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I think, it's, I would say most of the geographies are doing 
extremely well.  We did have a hiccup in Brazil, which is also 
recovered.  So, I think even that was the only market that was 
underperforming to some extent and that has also recovered.  So, 
I think it's a strong execution across markets. It’s been the 
portfolio of products that we have launched in these markets, 
which are, some are complex, some are first generics, and other 
areas of interest and we have added new markets also in the 
Middle East and Saudi.  So, I think expansion, same markets doing 
also better branded business so, better margin profile and also 
risk mitigating some of the difficult market.  I think all in all, I think 
the mix of geographies and the portfolio has helped the EM and 
will continue to I think continue, we see good visibility of strong 
growth and improvement in profitability further. 

 
17 of 27 
 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And this business is what? This is above corporate, in line with 
corporate profitability or this is a you know, how should you if you 
were to just broadly qualitatively assess, given a sense on the 
profitability of this business overall? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, it is not above company’s profitability, but I very strongly 
believe that it can achieve 23 plus percent EBITDA margin in the 
next one or two years. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
That was great and the last one. Sir, on the GLP1, specially 
Semaglutide.  Sir, how are we approaching this opportunity? Is 
this a relevant opportunity for us? I mean, in India, emerging 
markets, US obviously follows in much later.  But how should we 
think about our play in GLP ones?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, the first is US, obviously we have one for, we have filed in the 
US and that opportunity is much later.  In India, we hope to be in 
the first wave launches with our own Semaglutide franchise with 
some unique differentiation and similarly, we would like to build 
this differentiation in the emerging markets also both with the 
current formats and new format.  So, yeah, we will be playing in 
the Semaglutide market starting with India first. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And Sir, what is the level of integration here? You know, are we 
making our own API as well as the formulation? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
We are making our own API and formulation and we have a 
second source also.  So, we are back,  we have de-risked also 
including devices. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
There has been a lot of talk about some of the large market China, 
Canada, Brazil opening up, you know in F27. Would we be there in 
the 1st wave of launches in these markets or are we going to be 
following later? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Currently, we don't have immediate China plans. So, I doubt we'll 
be in any first wave.  But we do have plans for the other EM 
markets. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Okay.  Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from Vishal Manchanda. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Hello.  Yeah.  am I audible? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah. 

 
18 of 27 
 
Vishal Manchanda: 
So, I have a question on CUTX-101.  So, one thing I want to 
understand is what is the duration of treatment? Is this a chronic 
treatment that children will have to take life-long or will this be a 
fixed duration treatment, say 2-3 years? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Life-long. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Life-long, okay.  And second like, do we have a neo-natal 
screening test that's approved for Menkes as of now? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No.  That's something that we have been working with the 
professionals to build a sensitive test for neonatal screening.  But 
because this product has been under clinical trial for a very long 
period of time with a strong patient registry, there is already a set 
of significant amount of patients who will be on treatment and 
new patients are getting identified. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Say like, as you had discovered in the clinical trial, early treatment 
can significantly prolong survival. So, would this not mean you 
need to kind of identify the patient immediately at birth? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah.  Well, not at birth, but very soon. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay.  So, any chance you would have the test approved this year 
prior to approval or will that take longer? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, I think the test is not question of only doing the test.  The test 
has to be approved.  The test needs to go through every state 
approval.  It needs to go through, make sure that the dry 
bloodspot test they can detect this and with the current 
equipments that the centers use.  So, it's still, it's not a short-term 
opportunity.  We've been working on this for two years. So, we 
believe that it's an important area to succeed in, but we currently, 
I don't think at launch we will have that yet. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay, okay.  And second one is on the LiqMeds portfolio. Do you 
expect any large launch this year or next year? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, this year.  Yeah, there are two products. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay.  So, this year, they're scheduled for launch this year? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, one is just launched, and one is about to be launched. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
The one is the one that you're talking about is Imatinib Oral 
Solution. 

 
19 of 27 
 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
That is to be launched now, yeah. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay and would this be large opportunities since you paid a large 
premium for the acquisition? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, because you just said the second statement of large premium, 
I do not believe we have paid any large premium to this 
acquisition. But I think it's a very, I would say it's a good 
acquisition that we have done and it's doing better than what we 
expected.  So, we haven't paid any significant premium. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay.  And just one final one. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
The sizable profitable business right now. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Right.  Sir, just one final one.  So, when you in license a product or 
partner a product, you would pay an upfront payment.  Is that 
upfront payment capitalized on the balance sheet or you expense 
it on the P&L? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I mean current, all, whatever we have done licensing the most of 
them are, all of them are, expensed out right now.  But if we have 
very, very large long-term programs which will take years, yeah. 
Nitin Parekh: 
When it's a product acquisition, then product is capitalized in the 
books, but anything which is under development and we are 
acquiring and thereafter there is a spend, everything is revenue 
expenditure. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Got it Sir.  Thank you.  That's all from my side.  Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from Suryanarayan Patra. 
Suryanarayan Patra: 
Yeah.  Thanks for the opportunity again, Sir.  One clarification that 
or update rather. Sir, what is the update about the pact with CMS 
what we have done for Desidustat and when this could be a kind 
of a revenue generating opportunity for us? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, the milestone in terms of filing with the Chinese regulator has 
already happened and obviously there the new product approvals 
do take time.  So, if best case scenario is this year or the coming 
year in this or next year, we should see approval. 
Suryanarayan Patra: 
Okay and regards the domestic business, in the opening remarks 
that you had mentioned that, okay, the secondary sales growth 
looks better than the kind of a market trend.  But what are the 

 
20 of 27 
 
trends that you're facing in the primary side, it is looking relatively 
modest growth it looks like? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
On a YTD basis, we have grown at 9% with this quarter growth of 
5% and which is better than market. As I said, last year we had a 
high base of growth of almost 17% on the corresponding quarter 
to that, so that's the base effect, but we are on track to deliver 
better than market growth. 
Suryanarayan Patra: 
Okay.  Got it.  Yeah.  Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from Saion Mukherjee. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Yeah.  Hi, good afternoon, Dr. Sharvin, you know, one question on 
the specialty business.  I just want to understand, you know, 
what's the P&L impact currently, specifically, if we can highlight 
the front end expense that you're currently incurring at Sentynl in 
this financial year and also on the research and development, 
how much you know you are spending and going forward, you 
know, how should we think about these spend and in that context 
we have done some inorganic moves with respect to specialty, 
any thought, any color you want to because now you have a good 
cash on books as well.  So, if you can just take us through, you 
know, your thoughts on spending on specialty both in acquisition 
and through the P&L, what is currently and how you're thinking 
going forward? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I'll add and if maybe then Nitin bhai, if he wants to add 
anything more.  So, we have two front end businesses, the 
Sentynl Therapeutics and Zydus Therapeutics.  Sentynl is already 
commercial stage company, but with currently 2 products which is 
scaling up.  I think post CUTX launch, we believe that FY26, we can 
see break-even for this business.  So, currently there is still, I 
mean, commercialization cost going on, but with the three 
products, the business will break even and turn profitable.  With 
respect to Zydus therapeutic, currently majority of our investment 
are in clinical nature.  In FY26 and FY27, we would see commercial 
expenditure coming up for a launch of Saro.  I think the better 
time for us to give update would be after we do a readout of Saro 
and then talk about how fast we're going to build the commercial 
footprint, but currently most of the cost has been clinical cost in 
nature with the small commercial cost in terms of critical talent 
being hired, but the large amount of expansion will only happen 
after a readout, and maybe we can give that guidance after that. 

 
21 of 27 
 
Saion Mukherjee: 
If you can share the numbers Nitin bhai in terms of like R&D 
spend and also the Sentynl losses if you can highlight for this 
year? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Could you repeat sorry the question? 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Yeah, I mean I'm looking for the R&D spend on specialty overall 
which probably is largely in Zydus Therapeutics and also the 
Sentynl loss, EBITDA loss this year? 
Nitin Parekh: 
So, once we have our calendar year accounts of 2024 ready, we 
will share that number because we'll have subsidiary accounts of 
Sentynl available, we'll be able to share the number.  Otherwise, 
you know, R&D of Zydus Therapeutic is a part of overall R&D 
spend. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Yeah.  Can you share approximately like what percentage of R&D 
was spending on specialty? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think it changes right? Because all our, most of our cost on 
Saro are over in terms of recruitment and follow up now and then 
the next cost will be on continuing the trial post data.  So, I think 
it's not that it sometimes can be, then sometimes it's not there at 
all.  So, my point is, it's in the overall R&D spend that we do as 
part of that cost and Sentynl doesn't have any major R&D spend. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Yeah, I mean, I was wondering, you know, R&D spend has gone up 
this year versus last year.  So, I'm wondering.   
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, I mean, as a portfolio of specialty complex products is about 
35% of our spend.  NCEs, biologic, some vaccines and specialty 
products.   
Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay.  And just one another question, if I can ask on GLP1.  So, Dr. 
Sharvil, how are you sensing this opportunity in India and other 
emerging markets because most of the companies are indicating 
they would be in the first wave.  So, is the dynamics going to be 
any different? Any color you can provide where the challenges are 
and how you think Zydus is sort of placed in all the complexities 
that this product presents? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think, I would say first is the complexity. I mean I can talk a 
little bit about India first.  First is the complexity of the API, which 
is sort of now readily available for most companies.  I would say 
that challenge is gone for us, we are backwards so, only good part 

 
22 of 27 
 
is we would see less disruption, but we also have an alternate 
source, so, we have both options. 
 
The second is the formulation and we have two formulations for 
the franchise, and we look forward to, you know, creating some 
differentiation for us.  The third is obviously the device and we 
believe the device will also play an important role and I think we 
are sort of good on the device, not that we are exclusive, but we 
are good on that device.  So, I would say that's the first part.  The 
second is to finish the clinical trial in India and be ready for launch 
on time.  So, well, many companies will do it.  All companies will 
not be able to do it, so we'll see how that plays out.  But I still 
believe it will be a very competitive, disruptive time for the launch 
in India, so we have to wait and see.  But I think we are fully 
geared at least have the product ready and launched.  How the 
market plans out will depend on obviously individual company 
strategy and any differentiation that they can bring for more 
compliance or how more compatible and friendly the dosing can 
be and I think in some of those things if what we are thinking is 
successful then we'll have some differentiation. 
 
With respect to the international markets, we are also going with 
the dual strategy of that of doing what is current and doing 
something different and we'll have to wait and see how that pans 
out for us in the global markets, what works better for us. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay.  So, different, Sharvil means you know, sort of device.  The 
differentiation is primarily on the device front? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay.  I mean is it possible to share anything on that? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, it would be a very competitive differentiation which is difficult 
to share. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Understood.  Okay.  Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Kunal Dhamesha. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Hi, can you hear me? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Yeah.  Thank you for the opportunity.  Sharvil bhai, first question 
on capital allocation.  Now, we have almost around 4000 crore 

 
23 of 27 
 
cash.  So, how are we looking at it? Would we be deploying more 
towards the specialty efforts for the US market or is it more a 
doubling down on 505(b)(2)?, How should we think about it and 
relative to that, you know, how are the, let's say the overall 
environment in terms of valuations of the specialty deals or 
505(b)(2) deals have kind of evolved in the last one year? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think I also missed to answer some part of the earlier 
speaker’s question also.  So, I think, on the capital allocation side, 
there are 2-3 things that are important for us over the next two to 
three years.  On the 505(b)(2). first, I think we are completely, I 
don't think there is, in the sense that in terms of meaningful 
significant capital allocation any change in strategy, so we should 
be able to license or file one or two new 505(b)(2)s in the next 
one to two to three years.  So, we have a pipeline that we believe 
is quite robust on the conservative side.  With respect to the 
specialty, sorry, then there is a second angle of we do believe that 
with our scaling up happening in different markets both in India, 
international, and US, we do believe we need higher capacities 
with different complex dosage forms.  So, there is going to be a 
higher cycle of capex at least for this coming year and maybe one 
more.  So, we would be using a little bit of additional capex over 
the next two years and beyond that, I think our efforts are going 
to be on acquiring a commercially capable ready asset in the US or 
a product to sort of synergize with our launches on the orphan 
and rare disease side.  So, that is something that we continue to 
look for and if anything appropriate is there, we would use our, 
we'll allocate some capital to that. 
 
Beyond that, I think international markets also offers an 
opportunity for us to expand and that we tactically do look at and 
we have some ideas and the final is our foray into Med devices 
and we do want to build a different another leg of business of 
Med devices for Zydus and that is where we would also be 
allocating both on the capex side as well as also looking for other 
opportunities to partner or co-build or buy. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure.  So, this higher capex would be up to the tune of what 
maybe 20%-30% higher than the last five-year or how should we 
think about it? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Okay.  Sure.  And my second question is you know we have kind of 
launched many NCEs you know in India market and these 

 
24 of 27 
 
products are doing well.  Saro has multiple indications and doing 
well.  Desidustat is also there.  But from a new product launches, 
let's say, in India, from a super specialty or specialty perspective, 
how is our pipeline looking on that front? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, we have, I mean for us India, we continue to have a very 
robust launch pipeline.  It comprises of three things.  One is the 
day one launches of patent molecules and we are happy that we 
have most, almost most of the time succeeded in launching day 
one generics to branded generics to off patent molecules.  The 
second is launching complex generics, including biologics, which 
are biosimilars.  I think again in that we have been most of the 
time day one in launching these molecules in the respective 
therapies, largely Oncology right now.  The third is, we still have a 
pipeline of, coming up in the next two years and ALS study which 
will complete Phase 2, which is not a long Phase 2.  We have a 
follow,  we have few ADCs, which are entering clinical trial, 
including a novel biologic for some of the specialty indications.  
So, we have a pipeline in the next three to four years that we will 
hope to build at least, you know, two to three more NCEs as 
commercial launches for India and beyond that we are obviously 
doing life cycle management and better patient adherence 
through packaging and other methods to innovate on our sort of 
large brands and those will be the areas which will continue to 
sort of put efforts behind. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure.  Thank you for that and the last one, if I may, on the US, did I 
hear it correctly that we expect FY27 also to grow on FY26 base by 
mid-single digit, if things, some of the key molecules come in, is 
that correct way to understand? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, I know.  I only spoke FY26.  FY27 is a little out there to right 
now predict.  But as I said, in that year, late part of that year, we 
have important large product launches, which are exclusive. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure.  So, FY26, earlier we had said that it would be at least in-line 
with FY25, right and then now we're saying that there could be 
growth as well? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
FY26 sorry? 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Earlier we had said that FY26 would be at least in line.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, we do expect some growth in FY26. 

 
25 of 27 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Perfect.  Thank you and all the best Sir. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from Anubhav Agarwal. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
Yeah.  Thank you for taking my follow-up question.  I want to 
understand the CVS arrangement here.  Not the terms between 
two of you, but how would it happen in reality? So, let's say 
patient, a doctor has prescribed Januvia or Janumet, a patient 
goes to CVS pharmacy, would the pharmacy have to call up the 
doctor that I'm substituting because it's not allowed by the FDA or 
default substitution can happen or what percentage default 
substitution can happen? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
The important question, which I don't have immediate answer, 
but the way to look at it is, it's a formulary that the CVS plans and 
decides.  So, there would be certain training and decision made in 
the formulary as to how they will make the choice between one 
brand versus the other.  So, it's a brand-to-brand switch, so that's 
what, how it will happen.  It is not a generic switch. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
Yes, but would the prescriber needs to be involved here or it's just 
a decision of the pharmacy? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I'm sure the prescriber is involved. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
Okay and then what's the incentive for Merck, if they are out of 
formulary for CVS? I mean to promote the brand, would it not 
lead to prescriptions falling significantly? They are already 
impacted by GLP, would Sitagliptin prescription not fall 
dramatically? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I think we can, currently for us, obviously it’s a win.  I don't know 
what will happen for Merck, but for us it's a good win because we 
would see significant amount of prescriptions switch. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
Okay.  Thank you, guys. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The last question is from Nitin Agarwal. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
I just had one quick question on, Sir, do we have an animal health 
business in the US? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 

 
26 of 27 
 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Any thoughts around it? You know, because that's one interesting 
space not too many Indian companies actually explored. What is 
the size of our business roughly you can give us some sense on 
that? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
As part of our overall business, it's just almost 15 months of 
launch only.  So, it's not very old, but the good thing is it's in the 
first short period, it has broken even also, which is very positive.  
So, we hope to build it, but it will be, it’s not in the lines of what a 
human formulation business is. So, it's going to be a niche 
business.  The good part is that the portfolio we are growing very 
well and it should be profitable.  But I don't think it will be very 
large. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And Sir, on the LiqMeds business, this is what largely going to be a 
US opportunity, or this is an opportunity that you'll leverage 
across various markets? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
It's right now, only a US opportunity and focus towards US. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And how big can this piece really get for us over a period of time?  
You know, if there is any, I mean, is it like a business can get triple 
digits or it's a double-digit growth business in size where it can get 
to over a period of time? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think, as I said, we have just really commercialized and the 
growth has been very good.  So, we have to wait for the next few 
years to give you a better feedback.  But as I said, as a portfolio, it 
will be a very interesting and good fit for us.  In terms of 
individually it becoming a large business right now, it's very 
difficult to sort of say that because we have still a lot of products 
to develop and then file and launch. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And so last one on the biosimilar. So far, we've been largely 
focused on India and emerging markets.  Any thoughts on sort of 
taking on the developed markets with the portfolio and how?   
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Not yet.  We are currently mostly focused on India and developing 
markets.  Once we have a thought process on how to build it for 
other markets, once the regulatory change process changes or the 
clinical development program changes, we will probably take the 
development, but currently it's we don't.  

 
27 of 27 
 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And what would be a size of this global business, biologic business 
right now for us on approximately across India and emerging 
markets where you're doing right now? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, currently large part of it is India and we are building the 
emerging marketplace and it’s a good profitable business with 
brands that are large and as I said in some markets like even 
Mexico, we are amongst the only generic biosimilar.  So, it should 
be a good business both from the tender and private market. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Sure, sure. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
And Russia also. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Okay.  Sir, any color on the size of the business right now? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, we're not giving individual breakup because I think while 
biosimilar is a technology we don't sell biosimilars as that, we sell 
biosimilars as a therapeutic area.  So, it's Oncology is all of that.  
So, I think to say how much is a type of product sale does not 
makes sense.  But in a therapy, it is going to dominate as it's doing 
in India.  Hopefully, we'll build that kind of capability in 
international markets.  I think the way to look at it is, we look at 
the large market tenders that happen in this market and we hope 
to participate in them as one of the few or only generics. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Okay, Sir.  Thank you so much.  Best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  I would request management for the closing remarks. 
Ganesh Nayak: 
Yeah.  So, thank you very much and look forward to interacting 
with you again for the first quarter in the month of May 2025.  
Thank you and good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much to the Zydus Management Team.  Ladies 
and gentlemen, on behalf of Zydus Lifesciences Limited, that 
concludes today’s conference.  Thank you for joining us.  And you 
may now disconnect your lines and exit the webinar. 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
 
